SUPREME COURT.
JOSEPH W. WALSH, ADMINISTRATOR OF WILLIAx RECTOR, DECEASED, v. THE UNITED STATES.
THIS case came up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the Uniteoi States, for the district of Missouri.
On the motion of the attorney-general, of counsel for the defendant in error in this cause, the plaintiff in error having been three times solemnly called by the marshal to come into court and prosecute this writ of error and failing to do so: It is thereupon now here considered, ordered, and adjudged, by this court, that this writ of error to the Circuit Court of the United States, for the district of Missouri, be and the same is hereby dismissed.
WALTER SMITH, JOHN CARTER, WILLIAX S. NICHOLLS AND OTHERS,
SURVIVORS OF CLEMENT SMITH, DECEASED, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR,
v. DENNIS .JONDRY.
When a collision of vessels occurs in an English port, the rights of the parties depend upon the provisions of the British statutes then in force; and if doubts exist-as to their true construction, this court will adopt that which is sanctioned by their own courts.
By the English statutes as interpreted in their courts, the master or owner of a vessel, trading to or from the port of Liverpool, is not answerable for damages occasioned by the fault of the pilot.
The-actual damage sustained by the party at the time and place of injury, and not probable profits at the port of destination, ought to be the measure of v.lue in damages, in iases of collision as well as in cases of insurance.
By whose fault the accident h .ppened, is a question of fact for the jury, to be decided by them -upon the whole of the evidence.
THIS case came up, by writ of error, from the Cirduit Court of the United States, for the District of Columbia, and was argued at January term, 1842. The court held it under a curia advhvare vult, and -pronounced their decision at the present term.
The facts in the case were these. The plaintiffs in error, who were also plaintiffs in the court below, were the owners- of a vessel called the Francis Depau,

JANUARY TERM,- 1843.

-29

Smith et al. v. Condry.

which was lying in the poxt of Liverpool, on the 15th of February, 1838, loaded and ready for sea. The barque Tasso, owned by the defendant, in coming out of the docks, tan foul of the Francis Depau and occasioned considerable damage. A suit was brought in consequence, and upon the trial the verdict of the jury was for the defendant. The following bills of exception were taken by the plaintiffs, upon which the case was
*brought up. -Plaintiffs' first bill of exceptions: In the progress of this cause, the plaintiffs having offered evi-
dence to prove that on the 15th of February, 1838, the barque Tasso, the property of defendant, in coming out of the dock at
Liverpool, onher way to sea in the proscution of her homeward voyage to the United States, ran foul of and occasioned damage to the Francis Depau, a ship belonging to plaintiffs, and inflicted damage and injury upon the vessel of the said plaintiffs; and having further giten evidence tending to prove that said collision was the result of unskilful management on the part of the
Tasso. The defendant gave in evidence the statutes of 37 Geo. 3, c. 78;
52 Geo. 3, c. 39, and 6 Geo. 4, c. 12.5; and further proved that there was on board the Tasso, at the time of her moving from the dock and until after said collision, a regularly licensed pilot of said port of Liverpool; that the said vessel was under the management and direction of said' pilot, and that the directions and orders of said pilot were followed and obeyed on board said vessel, the Tasso; that the master of the Tasso was not on board her during the time of her moving from said dock into the river; and that such absence of the master was usual and customary on such occasions.
The defendant upon said evidence prayed the court to instruct the jury, that by the true construction of the statutes of Great Britain, 37 Geo. 3, c. 78; 52 Geo. 3, c. 39, and the 6 Geo. 4, c. 1 5, produced on the trial, the defendant is not responsible to the plaintiffs in this action for any damage occasioned by the default, negligence, or unskilfulness of the pilot proved.to have been on board the Tasso; which opinion the 'court gave as prayed, fo which the plaintiffs, by their counsel, ex-
cepted.

30

SUPREME COURT.

Smith et al. v. Condry.

Plaintiffs' second bill of exceptions.. In the trial of this cajise the plaintiffs produced a competent
witness, and offered to prove that the ship of the plaintiff, mentioned in the declaration, at the time of the injury complained of, was loaded with salt and ready to sail for the Georgetown market, aid that if the ship had then sailed she would in due course have arrived in Georgetown (as was intended when her lading w&s taken in) in due time.for the sale of the cargo at the fishing season of the Potomac river, when there is a great demand for salt; and that the loss occasioned by the injury in the delay of the vessel, preventing her arrival till after the fishing season, as she was compelled to unload and take in another cargo of.salt, amounted to betiveen 10 and 11 cents per bushel, making the loss in the whole cargo $2101 20, and contended that they should be allowed to give. this evid rnce and to recover damages for the said loss, estimating the salt by the price at Georgetown in the fishing season Wihen the vessel would have arrived.
But the court refused to allow the said evidence to be given by the'plaintiffs, to which the plaintiff, by their counsel, excepted.
Plaintiffs' third bill of exceptions. And the plaintiffs having, after the foregoing evidence, farther Qffered. evidence to prove that it is the usage of vessels coming out of the docks of Liverpool into the river to have their anchors slung in a tackle ready to be .hrustover the bows, and in a situation to be dropped immediately on passing through the lock connecting the lock with the basin, and before passing from the latter into the river; that the anchor was not put over the bow nor attempted to be so done in the present. case, on board the Tasso, until this vessel had passed into the river and Was approaching the Francis Depau; and the defendant having offered in bvidence the deposition of Frederick Lewis 'to prove that the Tasso, in passing from the basin through the piers thereof. into the river had the said vessel in check by a hawser extending therefrom'to one of the said, piers, which hawser parted as the vessel cleared .thepier head, and that the fish pennant or tackle suspending the anchors of said vessel broke in the attempt to get them oer. the bow of the vessel as aforesaid, and they thereupon fell upon the deck of the vessel; and the plaintiffs having further offered evidence by the pilot of the Francis Depau, to prove that defendant's

JAINUARY TERM, 1843.

31

Smith et al. v. Condry.

.vessel appeared badly furnished, and that the matthereof (the master being absent) at the time, declared that he had not a rope on board fit to hang a cat.
And in a further trial of this cause, the plaintiffs, after the depositions for the plaintiffs' and defendant were read, having offered evidehee to show that in the management of a vessel when the, fish tackle breaks, and-it is important that.the anchor should -be thrown out, that. it ought to be and can be- accomplished ina short- tiihe by fixing another rope by a -strop to the anchor and heaving it "over'thebows, and that such new fixture can be applied in a minute or two.
And the defendant having offered the following prayer"That if te jury shall believe from the evidenc.e that. the collision between the Tasso and the Francis Depau was oceasioned by the breaking of her hawser and fish tackle, yet, from the said facts, the jury are not warranted in inferring that the said i'essel,. the Tasso, at the time of her sailing, was unseaworthy," The court gave the instruction as prayed, to which the plaintiffs, by their counsel, excepted. - And the plaintiffs then prayed the court to instruct the jury, that if they believ'e from the evi: dene.e that the. collision took place as above stated, then such breaking of the said hawser and tackle is no excuse for the collision on the part of the tefeildants.; which the court refused, to' which refusal also the plaintiffs excepted.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.
This case arises from a collision in the port of Liverpool, between the barque Tasso, and the ship Francis Depau, in which the latter sustained? considerable' injury. Th6 vessels were both American; the. Francis Depau being owned by the plaintiffs in error, and the Tasso by the defendant.
It appears from the evidence, that at the time the accidenthappened, the Tasso- was. in charge of -aregular pil6i, leaving 'the Prince's dock on her homeward voyage; and the Francis Depau was at anchor in the harbour, laden with salt, and ready to sail. And in order to prove that the injury arose from the.unskilfdl. management of the Tasso, the plaintiffs offered in evidence that it is the usage of vessels coming out of the docks of Liverpool into the river, to have their anchors slung in tackle, ready to- b;

SUPREME COURT.
Smith et al. v. Condry.
thrust over the bows, and in a situation to be dropped immediately on passing through 'the lock which connects the dock with the basin, and before passing from the latter into the river; and that the anchor of the Tasso was not put over the bow, nor was it attempted to be done, until she had passed into the river, and was approaching the Francis Depau.
The defendant then offered testimony to show that in passing from the basin, betweeh the piers into the river, the Tasso was held in check by a hawser fastened to one of the piers, but that the hawser broke just as the vessel cleared the pier head; and the pilot perceiving that she was approaching the plaintiffs' ship, thereupon gave orders to .get an anchor ready. The anchors were accordingly fixed as soon as possible, in the manner that is customary in going out of the port; and an attempt was made to get one of them over the side, but the tackle broke, and both anchors fell on deck, and the vessel struck the Francis Depau, and thereby occasioned the injury for which this suit is brought; that every thing was done on board the Tasso, according to the directions of the pilot, and every effort made to prevent the collision; but that it was blowing fresh, and the tide setting towards the plaintiffs' ship, and the Tasso would not mind her helm. .
'To rebut this-testimony, the plaintiff offered in evidence, by the .pilot, that the defendant's vessel appeared to be badly furnished, and that at 'the time the accident happened, the mate who had charge of hei under the pilot, (the master being absent,) dedlared hat he had not a rope on board fit to hang a cat; and further offered in evidence, that Where the fish tackle breaks, and -it is important that the anchor should be thrown out, it can be accomplished in a minute or two, by fixing another rope by a strop to the anchor, and heaving it over the bows.
At the trial, several exceptions were taken by the plaintiffs to different instructions given by the cquit to the jury; and the verdict and judgment in the Circuit Court having been in favour of -the aefendant, the case has been brought here for revision by a writ of error sued out by the plaintiffs. We proceed to examine. the directions excepted to, in the order in which they-appear in the record.
Upon the evidence above stated, the defendant asked the court -to instruct the jury that under the statutes of Great Britain, of

JIANUABY TERM, 1843.

33

Smith et al. v.'Condry.

the 37 Geo. 3, c.78; .52 Geo. 3, c.39, and, 6th of Geo. 4, c. 125, the defendant was not responsible for any damage occasioned by the default, negligence, or ufiskilfulness of the pilot. The court gave this instruction, a*nd that is the subject of the first exception.
The collision having taken place in the port of Liverpool, the rights of the parties depend upon the provisions of the British tatutes, then in force; and if doubts exist as to their true construction, we must of' course adopt that which is .sinctioned by their own courts.
The 52 Geo. 3, mentioned in this exception, is a gdneral actfor the TegulatiOn of pilots and pilotage, within the limits specified in the law, and requires the masters of vessels under a certain penalty.to take a pilot, and provides that no owner or master shall be an'swerable for any loss or damage, nor beprevented from recovering on any contract of insurance, by reason of any default, or neglect on the part of the pilot. But this statute did not. repeal the previous one of 37 Geo. 3, for the regulation of pilots conducting ships into and out of the port of Liverpool; and the last-mentioned law required the master to pay full pilotage to the first who should offer his services, whether he was employed or.not. This act did not, however, impose any penalty for refusal; and contained no clause exempting the master and owner from liability for loss or damage arising from the default of the pilot, where one was taken on board.
Upon these acts of Parliament, the Court of IKing's Bench held,. in the case of Caruthers'.v Sydebotham, 4 Maule and Selw. 77, that the master or owner of a vessel trading to and from the port of Liverpool, was not 'answerable for damages occasioned by the fault of the pilot. But int.he case of the Attorney-General v. Case, 3 Price, 302, the same question*was discussed in the argument before the Court of Excheqfier,'and-it appears to, have" been the opinion of that court, that the master and owner were. liable in the same manner as if '.the .pilot had not been on board.
The' question, it is true, did not necessarily arise in the lastmentioned case, for the vessel was at anchor in the river Mersey when the disaster happened; and a vessel at anchor was not bound to have a pilot on board. If in that situation the master thought proper to .employ one, the pilot was undoubtedly his agent, and consequently lie was responsible for his acts. -But in
VOL. 1.--5

SUPREME COURT.
Smith et al. v. Condry.
deciding the case, the court- expressed their opinions on the two statutes of Geo. 3; before mentioned, in cases where pilots were required to be on board; and held that the provisions of the 52 Geo. 3, exempting masters and owners from liability,'did not extend to cases embraced- by the local pilot.act for Liverpool; and strongly intimated that there Was a distinction between the obligation to take a pilot under a penalty, and the obligation to pay full.pilotage to the first that offered, whether he was takefi or not.
Since these decisions were made in the King's Bench and Exchequer, the 37th Geo. 3 has been repealed by the 5th of Gea. 4, and the 52 Geo. 3 has been repealed by the general pilot act of the 6th of Geo. 4; and these two statutes of Geo. 4 were the laws in force at the tithe of the collision in question. But although some changes were made in the Liverpool pilot act in the firstmentioned statute, and in the general pilot law by the second, yet in regard to the subject now under consideration, these two statutes are the same in substance with the preceding ones which they. respectively repealed ; and' the adjudged cases above mentioned apply with the-same force to the question before us, as if they had been made since the, passage of the acts of Geo. 4.
In determining, howeveT, the true construction of these acts of Parliament, we are not left to decide between the conflicting opinions, of the King's -Bench and Court of Exchequer. The same question has since, on more than one occasion, arisen in thd British Court of Ad'miralty, and the decision in the King's Bench has been constantly sustained'; and we presume it is now regarded' as the settled construction of these pilot acts. Abb. on Ship. (Shee's edition,) 184, n. z; The MNaria, 1 Rob. New Admiralty' Reports, 05; The Protector, 1 Rob. New Adm. Rep. 45; The Diana, 1 Rob. New Adm. Rep. We think, therefore, that the Circuit Court was right fn.the first instruction given to the jury.
The second also is free from objection.- The question there **as as to the rule of damages in case the plaintiffs should show themselves entitled to a verdict. They offered to prove that if the ship had not been prevented from sailing by ihe injury complained of, she Would in due course, have arrived in Georgetown (as was intended when the lading was taken in) in time for -the sale of her cargo at the fishing season. in the Potomac river, when

JANUARY -TERM, 1843.

. 35

Smith et al. v. Condry.

there is a great demand for salt; that ihe injury delayed her, and prevented her arrival until the season was over, and thereby made a difference of ten or eleven cents per bushel in the value of the salt at her home port, and occasioned a loss upon the cargo of$2101 20. The defendant objected to this testimony, and the cou'rt refused to admit it.
It has been repeatedly decided in cases-of insurance, that the insured cannot rbecover'for the loss of probable profits at the port of destination,.and tht the value of the goods at the pldce of shipment is the measure of compensation. There can be )
good reason for establishing a different rule in cases of loss y
collision. It is the actual damage sustained by the party at the time and place 6f the injury that is the'measure of damages.
The third and last exception was taken to an instruction givqn .upon the prayer of the defendant, and also to the'refusal of the court to give a direction asked for by the'plaintiffs. The defendant prayed the court to instruct the jury, that if they believed that the collision was occasioned by the breaking of the hawser and fish tackle, yet from those facts the jury were not warranted in inferring that the Tasso at the time of her sailing.was unseaworthy; which direction the court gave. And thereupon the plaintiff prayed the court to instruct the jury, that if they believed the collision took place as above stated, then such breaking of the hawser and tackle is no excuse for it on the part of the defendant; and this direction the court refused to give.
Now these two "prayers involve the same principles, and are both liable to the same objections. By whose fault the accident happened was a question of facttq be decided, by the jury upon the whole evidence before them. And the error in the prayer on the part of the plaintiffs, as well as that offered- by the defendant, consists in this, that itsought to withdraw from the jury the decision of the fact, and asked the court to instruct them, as a matter of law, upon the sufficiency or insufficiency of certain evidence offered to prove it; and both prayers are still moreobjectionable because each of them asks the instruction upon a part only of the testimony, leaving out of view various 6ther portions of it which the jury were bound to consider in.forming their verdict. If the collision was the fault of the pilot alone, then the owners of the Tasso are not answerable. But if it was altogether

86

SUPREME COURT.

Smith et aL v. Condry.

or in part caused by the misconduct, negligence, or unskilfulness of the master or mariners, the owner is liable. And if the equipments and tackle were in this case insufficient,-and not as strong and safe as those ordinarily used for such vessels in such cases, and thereby rendered the care and skill of the pilot unavailing, it was undoubtedly the fault of the master or owner; and is equally inexcusable as the omission to provide a competent crew. And it Was- for the jury upon the whole evidence to say whether it was the result of accident, arising~from strong wind and tide, against which ordinary skill and care could not have guarded; or the fault -of the pilot; or the misconduct, negligence, or unskilfulness of the crew; or the insufficiency of the hawser, ropes, or equipments with which the vessel was furnished. In the two first instances the owner of the Tasso is not answerable; in the two latter le is. Thie court, therefore, were right in refusing the direction asked for by the plaintiffs, but erred in giving the one before mentioned at the request of the defendants. And for this reason the judgment of the Circuit Court must be reversed.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States, for'the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel. . On consideratibfh whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed, with costs, and that this cause, be and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to award a venire facias.de novo.

JANUARY TERM, 1843.
JoHN LLOYD, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. GEORGE S. HOUGH.
The action of assumpsit for the use and occupation of lands and houses, existed in Virginia anterior to the cessi6n of the District of Columbia to the United States.
But this action is founded upon contract, either express or implied, and will nnt lie where the possession has been acquired and maintained under a different or adverse'title, or where it-was tortious-and. makes- the holder a trespasser.
THis casc was brought up, by 'writ-of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the- District of' Columbia, holden in and for the county of Alexandria..
The facts-in the case, and bills of exceptions, are stated in the opinion of the court4 to whichthe reader is referred.'
Semmes, for the plaintiff in error. Neale, for the'defendant.
,Semmes, for the plaittiflf raised th following points. First bill of-exceptions.-There was error in the opinion and instructions of the court. 1.Because' ttie instruction was not given upon the whole of the .evidence of the witness, Isaac Robbins, but upon only part, which he gave upon cross-examinationby the defendant in error. 2. Because the court allowed parol evidence of title to real estate to go to the 'jury. 3. Because in the opinion and instruction they gave on this portion of the evidence, the court directed the jury,.ift,hey believed the testimony therein stated, they. "must" find for the lefendant. Second bill of exception.-The court ought to have instructed the jury, that if they believed the evidence therein stated to be frue, the plaintiff, being the fee- simple owner of the tenement, could recover on the implied contract as stated in the second. count of the declaration, without any proof of an iotual entry, into the premises on the part of the plaintiff, or acknowledgment on the part of the"defendant that he considered the plaintiff his landlord, or without: any proof that the defendant had actual .notice of the legal and fee simple title of the plaintiff to the premises. VOL. I.-2o

SUPREME COURT.
Lloyd v. Rough.
Third bill of exception.-Evidence ought to have been admitted t6 show the notoriety of Lloyd's claim and title, tending, with other circumstances, to bring,the knowledge of it home to fhe defendant.
Fourth bill-governed by same principles as second. On the right of the jury to weigh evidence, he cited Greenleaf, p. 292, 445,446, 568; -1Call, 161; 2 Mad. 478. - That an action will lie on an implied promise, 16 East, 104; I Levins, 179; 2 Campb. 18; 1 Campb. 466. Debt lies for use and occupation, 6 T. R... 62; 4 Day, 228.
Neale, for the defendant, cited several authorities to show that interest could not be recovered upon rent in .arrear; and to prove that this action would not lie where -there was no privity of contract, cited 1 Esp. 57, 59, 61 ; 2 Nott and McCord, 156; 3 Serg. and Rawle, 500; 6 06nn. Rep. 1; Chitty on Contracts,. (3d Am. ed. by Troubat,) 106; 2 Tuck. Com. book 3, c. 1,.p. 19,20; 2 Campb. 1.1, 12.; 1 Campb. 4664 Buller N. P. 139.
As to the court -directing the jdry they must find for' the defendant, 5 Peters, 197; 14 Peters; 327; 1 Cranch, 300.; 4 Cranc h, 71; 4 Leigh, 114; 1 Wash. 5, 6; 5 Rand. 145, 194.
Mr. Justice DANIEL delivered the opinion of the court.
This cause is brought before this court upon a writ.of error to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia. :The-questions for consideration here, arise upon the following statement. The plaintiff in error instituted in the Circuit Court for the -Districtof Columbia, an action of. assun.psitagainst the defendant for.the use and occupation-of a house in the town of Alexandria. The declaration contains two counts;-the first dclaring upon an express agreement between the parties for the occupation and rent, and the second counting upon-an occupation by the defendant by the permission-of the plaintiff, and upon a promise in consideration thereof. The accoint filed with the declaration claims an annual rent of $175, from the 1st of January, 1826, to the 1st of January, 1839, inclusive, with interest after the expiratioii of eadh year. Upon the abovre declaration, there was a judgment by default, and a jury being empannelled upon a -writof inquiry assessed damages -against the defendant to .the

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

155

Lloyd -v. Hough.

full amount of the plaintiff's demand for rent and interest. This verdict the court on motion of"the defendant set aside; annexing to its order the condition, that the defendant should not plead the statute-of limitations-; and issue.being joined between the par-, ties on the plea of non-assumpsit,a jury sworn to try that issue on the loth of May,'1841, returned a vdrdict for the defendant; and thereupon the court gave judgment against-the plaintiff with
costs.
At the trial instructions to the jury were prayed, on behalf both of plaintiff and defendant, and exceptions taken to the rulings of the court in reierence to those instruotions.
The first bill of etceptions tafes. that the defendant, havingoffered to prove by competent and credible witnesses.that during the entire period -of his occupation of the premises, he had remaining thereon property sufficient to answer the rent, had the plaintiff chosen to distrain or sue for the same; he thereupon prayed the court to instru.ct the jfiry, should they believe from the evidence, that there had always been upon the premises, while occupied by the defendant, property and effects of his sufficient to have satisfied the rent, then that the plaintiff, failing or neglecting to sue or distrain for those rents, was not entitled in this action to recover interest on the rent in arrear whatever it might be, from a period earlier than the date of the writ sued out in this cause. But the court refused'the instructions so prayed for, to which refusal the defendant excepted.
In the second bill of exceptions it is stated that the defendant, by cross-examination of Isaac Robbius, the plaintiff's' witness, proved that in the spring of .1820, defendant entere(I the premises as tenant, from year to 'year, under a parol demise from said Robbins as trustee of John Swayne, an insolvent debtor, and at the annual rent of $175, and continued to occupy the premises under said demise, paying the rent as it became due to Robbins, as trustee of Swayne, till the prin'g of 1824. That Robbins, in character of trustee of Swayne, paid a portionof the rents collected of the defendant to A. C. Cazefnove, arid a part of them to the plaintiff, but without-the knowledge. of-the defendant: that since the spring of 1824, the defendant had paid no rent to Robbins, assigning as a reason for refusing to pay, that the collecto of the port of Alexandria. had forbidden such paymhent: that the

SUPREME COURT..
Llo-yd v. "Hougli
defendant was still the occupant of the premises of-which the plaintiff in this cause had never, tor his knowledge, taken actual possession: that Robbins' resided in Alexandria and had so resided for the last thirty-seven years: that the defendant also read in evidence a deed from Jonathan Scholfield and wife, to A. C. Cazenove, bearing date on the 13th. of June, 1814, and duly recorded in Alexandria county, -which deed (made a part of the. exceptions) conveyed the premises occupied by the defendant. That upOn these proofs the defendant prayed the court to instruct the jury, hould they believe that .the defendant originally entered; and used and occupied the premises by a parol demise thereof -from Robbins, as trustee of Swayne, in 1820,-and, as tenant of Robbins, paid'-him the rent until 1824, after which period Robbins ceased to .collect the rent for the reason above stated, although the defendant continued to use and occupy the premises from 1824, and still occupied them; -andthat the defendant did not hold and occupy the premises either tuider a written or parol demise from the plaintiff prior or subsequently to, his' holding under Robbins, or prior t&the institution of this suit, but that the defendant held and occupied the" premises exclusively under the original parol demise from Robbins as trustee as aforesaid, and that the defendant had no notice of any title in the plaintiff to the premises beyond what might be presumed from the fact then shown in evidence, that a deed had been made for the.premises from Robert I. Taylor to the plaintiff and had been admitted to record, that then the jury must find for the defendant, Which instruction the court accordingly gave, and the plaintiff excepted.
By the third bill 'ofexcepiions it is recited in substance that the plaintiff having offered- in evidence a deed to him for the premises, dated March the'lOth, 1817, from Robert I. Taylor, trustee in a deed from onathan Scholfield. and wife, conveying the same property'to said Taylor on the 26th of June, 1814, (both which deeds are parts of this exception,) and having farther proved by. Isaac Robbins that from the year 1820 to the year 1324, the defqndant used and occupied the premises in .the declaration menfioued under a verbal reriting from Robbins, 6laiming a6 trustee of S'wayne under the insolvent law, and. that said -renting by Robbins was without the knowledge or consent of the plaintiff,

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

.167

Lloyd v. Hough.

(no title having been shown by the-defendant in Swayne-.or in Robbins claiming as his trustee under the insolvent law,) and that Robbins collected th6 rent of the premises from 1820 to 1824 inclusive, claiming as lessor of the defendant, and as trustee of Swayne ; that he had paid over a portion of the rent thus collected to A. C. Cazenove, and a portion of it to the plaintiff,who was the owner of the fee'imple under the deed from Taylor, of March the loth, 1817; the witness not knowing whethbr.the defendant knew of the disposition so.made of the. rent collected of him, and that hei Robbinsi.had not claimed rent for the premises from the defendahtsnceApril-, 1824, having been informed that defendant had been forbidden by the collector of.the customs of the port of Alexandria, to pay .tent to any one, other than the United States, and not having shown that the -defendant had, at any time, paid rent.either to the collector or the United States.
Whereupon, the.plaintiff prayed the court to instruct. the jury, should they believe- the evidence aforesaid, that then the plaintiff- hid made out such a case as entitled him to rdcover on the second count,-for the'use and occupation of the premises, for such time as the plaintiff should prove that the defendant had used and occupied the same, after the 15th day of April, 1824, by permis- sion.0f'the plaintiff. This instruction the court also refused to-give,' being of opinion that from the evidence so stated, it was not competent for the jury to infer'that such occupation by the defendant .was by the peimission of the plaintiff, to which opinion and refusal the.plaintiff excepted..
Fourth bill of .exceptions.-The plaintiff, offered to prove that the claim of the plaintiff to the pretises~for the rent of.which this suit was instituted, was a subject of general notoriety in the neighbourhood about the"year 1820 and since, which being objected, the counsel for-the plaintiff insisted he had a right to ask the question objeleted to, it being introductory to another question 'designied to b1tilg home to the defendant knowledge of the fact, that. the plaintiff, claimed, the premises used and occupied by the dtfendant during -the time he o.used and.occupied them. The, court refused to permit the question, to which. refusal the'plaintiff excepted.
By -the fifth afid last bill of exce.ptions it appears.that the plain-tiffnmoved the following instructions: Thatif-tejury should b6-
0

158

SUPREME COURT.

Lloyd v. Hough.

lieve from ihe evidence stated in the preceding bills of exception in this cause, that there was a deed from Jonathan Scholfield and wife (said Scholfield .being Admitted to have been at the time seised of a legal estate in fee of the premises) to Robert I. Taylor, which deed conveyed the fee in the premises, for the use and occupation whereof this suit was brought, and if the jury should further believe that Taylor by a deed, subsequent thereto, and set out in the plaintiff's second bill of exceptions, conveyed the said premises to the plaintiff and his heirs, then, by the legal operation of the deed from Taylor to the plaintiff, there was such a possession transferred to the rse thereby limited and conveyed, as dispensed with .proof on .the part of the plaintiff, that he had actual entry on, and possession )f; the-premises; and that the said deed gave to thd plaintiff such a legal title thereto, and possession thereof, as could not be divested by a leasing of said premises tc the defendant by Isaac Robbins, a stranger, so as to deprive the plaintiff of his remedy against the defendant, tenait of the premises, occupying and using them, though originally leased to him by said Robbins without the plaintiff's 4onsent; which instruction the coiiri refused to give, and the plaintiff excepted.
Although it has been deemed necessary to an accurate description and correct understanding of the points in the case, to state the several biHl-ef exception in -the record, yet it is obvious that the four bills sealed at the instance of the plaintiff, and making the second, third, fourth, and fifth in the ordei of the proceedings, may be embraced within the same view, as they all relate to the establishment of one and the same conclusion, viz., the necessity of establishing an agreement either express or implied by law, for the payment of rent by the defendant to the plaintiff.
. In the argument of this cause, the counsel for the plaintiff has supposed himself called on to anticipate an objection to the remedy by action o assumysit, for use and occupation of lands and 'houses, as not having existed in Virginia anterior to the cession of the District of Columibia to the federal government. Such an objection is regarded without just foundation, this remedy having been declared by the Supreme Court of Virginia to be always a part of the jurisprudence of that.state, and having been likewise recognised in her legislation, not as a remedy creatbd by. statute, but ap one enlarged and favouied, by making it a transitory in-

JANUARY TERM,- 1843.

159

Lloyd v. Hough.

stead of a local action. Vid. Sutton v. Mandeville, I Munf. 407;. Epp9s v. Cole, 4 Hen. and Munf. 161; Sessions Acts, February, 1816, c. 15, s. 6; *Tate's Dig. 465, s. 28.
But whenever the action of- assumpsit for use and occupation has-been allowed, it has been founded and would seem necessarily to be founded upon contract either express or.implied. The very -term assrumpsitpresupposes a contract. Whatever, then, excludes all ideaof a contract, excludes, at the same time, a remedy whicl can spring from contract only, which affirms it, and seeks its enforcement. To maintain the action for use and occupation, therefore, there must be established the relation of landlord and tenant, * r holding by the defendant under a knowledge. of the plaintiff's title or claim and under circumstances which amount -to an ac-: knowledgment of, or acquiescence in, such title or claim, and an agreemient or permission on the part of the plaintiff. The action will not -lie where the possession has been acquired and maintained under a different or adverse title, or where it was tortious and makes the holder a trespasser.
In Birch v. Wright, 1T. R. 387, Buller, Justice, declares I"that the action for use -and occupation is founded in contract, and unless thts be a-contract express or implied, the action could not be maintained, as was held by Lord Mangeld in the case cited- at the bar, of Carmur v. Mercer, which whs tried about two years ago." The same principle is ruled in Smith v. Stewart,-6 Johns.. 46:.. In the ca~e .of Henwood v. Cheeseman, 3' Serg. and Rawl,, 500, it is-said by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, -If' the defendant occupied. land by consent and permission of the plaintiff, the jury may presume a promise to pay a reasonable rent i" again, "the action for use and occupation, is fiunded on privity .of contract, not on privity o estat..' In 2 Nott 'and McCord's Reports,. 156, in the case'of Ryan v. Marsh, the law is thus laid down: "It was argued that a contract might be im:" plied, and certainly as long as the character of the act done by th" defendant was -doubtful, a contract might' be implied; Ut when it is admitted that the possession was tortious,. every clharacteristic of contract was excluded. No action for- use and occupation will lie, when possessi6n has been adverse and tortious, for, such" excludes the idea of a contract, which, in all cases of this actior, . must be express or implied."

160

SUPREME COURT.

Lloyd v. Hough.

Authorities upon this point might doubtless be multiplied., We will add two others to'those already cited, viz. the cases of Stockett V. Watkins's administrators, 2 Harr. and Johns. 326; the opinion of the court on pp. 338, 339; and of Stoddert v. Newman, 7 Harr. and Johns. 251. The principles ruled in the authorities 'above referred to, appear to be strictly applicable to the case under consideration, and decisive of its fate. Upon an examination of the testimony, introduced by the plaintiffs, as set forth in .his four bills of exception, -itcannot fail to.be perceived, that itImports throughout no proof of a contract between the plaintiff and defendant, of a holding by the latter under the former, of any acquiescence in, or knowledge of title, in the plaintiff or of permission by him for the occupation of the defendant. So far from establishing these requisites for sustaining the plaintiff's dbmand, it excludes each and all of them. This evidence. proves beyond dispute, a possession and holding by the defendant under an agieement with Robbins, as trustee of Swayne, an insolvent debtor, payment of rent to this trustee in pursuance of such agreement, until a claim was interposed on behalf of the United States, as creditors of the insolvent debtor; it further proves a failure or forbearance by the plaintiff to assert any interest or right to the subject, anterior to the year. 1839, about the time of the institution of the plaintiff's action, and sq far ad a negative is capable of proof, a total ignorance on the part of,the defendAnt .of any right of the plaintiff, either to the rents or to the subject from which they were to is§ue. * Upon the above view of the evidence 'as disclosed in the second, third, fourth, and fifth bills of exceptions, we hold the opinion of the'Circuit Court to be cor-
rect; it is therefore affirmed.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript, of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Alexandria, and was argued by counsel.. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Supreme Court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

SUPREME COURT.
W LLIAzi T, MOCLURG, JORN C. PARRY, AND ENObH J. HIGBY,
PARTNERS, DOING BUSINESS UNDER THE"FI10 OF MCCLURG, PARRit, AND HIGBY, ASSIGNEES OF JAMES HARLEY, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, v.. LAWRENCE KINGSLAND, IsAAc LIGHTNER. AND .JAXES CUDDY, PARTNERt, DOING BUSINESS UNDER THE FIRI OF ,KINGSLAND, LIGHTNER, AND CUDDY, DEFENDANTS.
If a person employed in the manufactory of another, while receiving wages, makes experiments at the expense and in the manufactory of his employer; has his -wagesincreased in consequence of the useful result of the experiments; makes the article invented and permits his employer to use it, no 'compensation for its use being paid or demanded; and then obtains a patent, these facts will justify the presumption of a license to use. the invention.
,Sudh an unmolested and notorious use of the invention prior to the application for a patent, will bring the case within the provisions tif the 7th section of the. act ot 1839, c. 88.
The assignees- of a patent-right take it subject to the legal consequences of the t .previous acts of the patentee. The '14th. and 15th-sections of the act -of 1836, c -57, prescribe the rules which
.must govern on the trial of actions for the violation of patent-rights; and these seation's are operative, so far 'as they are applicable, notwithstanding the ' patent may have been granted before the passage of the .act of 1836 The words, f'any newly invented machine, manufacture, or composition ofmatSer," in the 7th section of the act of 1839, have the same meaning as "invention',' or "thing patented."
THis-case was brought up by writ of- error from the Circuit oCourt 'of the United States for. the western district of Pennsylvania.
The facts are sufficiently stated in the opinion of the court. The*bill of'exdeptions which was taken on the trial below was as fQllovs : .
And the plaintiff thereupon excepted to certain -parts of the instructions so given by the court to the jury, which instructions so excepted to are hereinafter set foith, to wit:
"It has, however, been urged by the plaintiff's counsel that the
right to the continued 'use is restricted to the 'specific machine, manufacture, or-cbmposition of matter so made or purchased,' so
that a defendant is protected no farther than in the case of the invention (for which this patent was granted) prior to the application, and is liable. to damages if-he makes any rolls byHarley's .plan afterwards.

JANUARY TERM, "1843.
McOlurg et al. v. Kingsland et al.
"We, therefore, feel bound to take the words, ' newly invented
machine,' in the act of..1839, manufacture, or.composition of matter and such invention, to mean the invention patented, and the words 'specific machine,' to refer to the thing originally invented, where-of the exclusive right is procured by patent, but not to any. newly discovered improvement to an existing patent.
"The use of the patent must be of the same specific improvement originally invented, as was before the application used by any person Who had purchased or constructed the machinery on which he operated to produce the effect described in the specificatiori; but when such-person confines the future case to the specific mode, method,, manner, and process of producing the described effect, it it by the words and true meaning of the lair, without liability to the iiventor or other person interested in the invention, so construed; and by thus protecting the person who hhs.engaged the use of ai invention before the application for a patent, the great object of the patent laws, as declared in the 4th section -of the act of 1837, will be consimmated; that is, to protect the rights of the public and ' of patentees in patented inventions and improvements.' 4 Story, 2547. A different construction would make it )neoessary to carry into all the former laws the sam .literal exposition of the various terms used to express the same thing, and thereby changing the law according to every change of phraseology, make -it a labyrinth of inextricable confusion.
"Our opinion, therefore, is, that the defendants have a right to the continued use of the improvement patented to Harley; the facts of the case, which are not controverted, have. equal 'effect with a license, and the evidence brings the defendant under the protection of the act of 1839, by the unmolested notorious use of the invention before the application for a patent. Nothing has been shown -on the part of the plaintiffs to counteract the effect of this prior use; as-assignees of Harley, they stand in his place as to right atid responsibility; they took the patent, subject to the legal consequences of his previous acts, and cotinecting these with the want of an assertion of d right, to the use by the defendants of the invention patented, till this suit was brought in September, 1835, protects them from liability.

204

SUPREME .COURT.'

McClurg et al. v. Kingsland et al.
"In our opinion, your verdict- ought to be for the defendants. Veidict accordingly, and judgment for defendants."

-Dunlap, on behalf of the plaintiffs in error, contended that the court below had erred in charging the jury.
1. That the facts justified the presumption of a license or grant to use the invention, and that defendants were Drotected thereby, independent of any act of Congress.
2. That the words, "specific machine," in the 4th section of the act of :1839, referred to the invention itself, and that the authority to use it before the patent cariied the right to continue to make and use it after the patent had issued.

.Mr.Justice'.BALDWIN'delivered the opinion of the court.
This case comes here on a writ of error to the Circuit Court -fofthe western district of :Pennsylvania, in an action brought by the plaintiffs, assignees of James Harley, agaifiit the. defendants, for the infringenent of a patent granted to .Harley for an improvement in the . iode of casting chilled rollers and other metallic cylinders and cones, in which judgment.was rendered for the defendants. On the trial it appeared in evidence that it had long been a desideratumi to find out some mode by which ironrollers or cylinders, could be so cast that when the metal was introduced into the mould it should cause a swyrl or rotatofr motion, by which the flog or dross would be thrown into the epntre. instead of the surface of the cylinder. By the old mode, the 'metal was conveyed from the .furnace-to the mould through a gate, or pipe, placed in a'horizontal'or porpendicular direction. The mode alleged to have been invented by Harley is thus described in the specification annexed to the patent. "The. tube or tubes. or passages called gates, through which the. metal. to be conveyed int6 the moulds shall not enter the mou.ld perpehdicu.' larly at the. botfom, but slanting, or in a, direction apptoaching to a tangent of the cylinder, or if -the gates enter the moulds horizontally or nearly so, shall not enter in the direction of the axis of i 16 cylinder, but in a tangent form, or inclining towards a tangent of the cylinder."
This-was the thing patented, consisting solely in changing the direction of the tube, which conv yed the metal to the mould,

JAN UA:RY TERM,'.'1843.

205

McClurg- et al. v. Kingsland et aL

from a horizontal or perpendiculiar position to an angular one-; it produced the desired effect and was highly useful.
The novelty 'of the invention was much contested at the.trial, but as the ease -turned on -ot.her points, that became "in"immaterial question ; as the case comes before usi on exceptions to the cha'rge of the court, which assumed that Harley was the original and-true inventor of the improvement, and put the case to the jury on the following facis, which. were- in full prpf, in nowise cohtradicted, and admitted fo,be true.
That.Harley was employed by the d6fendants at'their -foundry in Pittsburgh, receiving wages Trom'them by-the week; while so employed, he claimed to have.invented the improvement patented, and after several unsuccessful experiments-made a.-successful one in October, 1834; the experiments-Niere made in the defendants' foundry; and wholly at their expense, while Harley was receiving his wages, which.were increased on account of the iseful result. Harley continued in their employment on wages until Janua*ry or. February,. 1835, during all which time' he made rollers -for them; he often spoke about procuring a patent, anid prepared more than one set of papers for the purpose; made his. application the 17th February, 1835, for a patent; it was granted> on the 3d of March, assigned to the plaintiffs on the 16th of March, pursuant to an agreement made in January.
While Harley continued in the defendants' employment, he proposed that they should take out a patent and purchase his 'ight, which they declined; he made' no demand on them for any conpensation for using his improvement nor gave them any notice not to use it, till, on some misunderstanding on another subject, he gave them such notice, about the. time of his leaving- their foundry, and gter making the agreement with the plaintiffs Wvho owned a foundry in Pittsburgh, for an assignmeitto them of his right. "The defendants continuing- to make rollers on Harley's plan,. the present action was brought in October, 1835, without any previous notice by them. The court left it to the jury to decide what the facts of the case were; but if they were as testifled, charged that they would fully justify the presumption of a license, a special privilege, or grant to the defendants -to use the 'invention; that the facts amountedto "-a consent and allowance of such use," and show such :a consideration.as would support

206

SUPRE.ME COURT

Mclurg.et al. v. Kingsland et al.

an express license or grant, or call for the presumption of' one to meet the justice of the case, by exempting .them from, liability; having:equal effect With a license, and giving the defendants a right to the continued use of the invention. The court also charged the jury, that the facts of the case, which were not controverted, brought it within the provisions of the 7th section of the act of 1839, by.the unmolested, notorious. use of the invention, before the application for a patent by Harley, and that nothing had been shown by the plairtiffs to counterat the effect of'
this prior use. That as assignees of Harley the plaintiffs- stand in his place, as to right and responsibility; they took the assignment of the patent, subject to the legal donsequences of his previous acts, and~connecting these with the absence of an assertion of a right adverse tb the defendants use till this suit was brought, protected the defendants from liability for any damages therefor.
The exceptions to the charge were confined to these two points, -which constitute the only subject for our consideration. Whether these exceptions -are well taken or not, must depend on the law as it stood at the emanation of the patent,'together with such changes as have been since made; for though they may be retrospective in their operation, that is-not a sound objection to their validity; the powers of Congress to legislate upon the subject of patents is'plenary by the terms of the Constitution, and as there are no restraints on it§ exercise, there can be no limitation of their right to modify them.at their pleasure, so that they do not take away the rights of property in existing patents.
When the patent to Harley was granted, and this suit brought, the acts of"1793 and 1800 were the tests of its validity, but the 21st section of the act of 1836 repealed all existing laws on the subject, of patents, with a proviso, that all suits brought before may be prosecuted in the same manner as if that act had not been passed, " excepting and saving the application to any such action, of the provision of the 14th and 15th sections of this act, so far as theI may be applicable thereto." This repeal, how.ever, can have no effect to impair the right of property then existing in a patentee, or his assignee, according to the wellestablished principles of this court in 8 Wheat. 493; the patent must therefore stand as if the acts of 1793 and 1800 remained in force; in other respects the 14th and 15th sections of the act of

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

207

McClurg et al. v. Kinj1and et al.

.1836 prescribe'the ruies which must govern' on the trial.ofzbtions" ·for the -Violation of patented rights, whether granted before or after its passage.
in Pennock v. Dialogue, this court heldyin 18.29, c That if ain inventor makes his'discovery publiclooks on, and permiti othe$rs freely to use it, without objection or assertion of cldim -tb,the. invention,,of 'which the.'public .'might take notice; he abandons the inchoate right to Ihe exclusive use of the invention, to-which a patent would have.entitled him, had'it been applied for, before such use, and that it makes no difference in the principle, that the article so publicly used, and afterwards patented, was. nade by 'a particular individual who .did so by the private permission 6f the inventor." 2 Peters; 14, 15; S. P. Grant b. Raymond,'6 Peters, 248, 249; Shaw v. Cooper, 7 Peters, 313-323.
On this construction of the acts of .1793 and 1800, Uarley's patent wouldhave been void, on the' dvidence'in' this case.' Such seems to have been the sense of Congress, as-expressedin ,the act of 1832, which authorized the issuing a new patent, when.an original one was in'valid by accident, inadvertence,' or mistake, and without'any fraudulent, intent, by reason of the terms of the 3d"section of*the act of 1793.not having been complied.with, .,Prpvided, however, that such new patent so granted. shall.in all respects be liable to the same matters of objection and'-defence as any original patent, granted -under the said first-mentioned act. That no public use or privilege of the invention so patented, derived from or after the grant of the original patent, either under any special license of the inventor, or'without the consent of the patentee- that there shll be .free public use thereof, shall, in any manner prejudice the right of recovery for any use or violation ,of his invention. after the*grant of such new patent, as aforesaid." 4 Story, 2301.
This .act is an affirmance of the principles laid down -bythis
court in the three cases before. referred to,' and tds the exceptiQn to the proviso is limited to an use of .the invention .under a spe-" cial license of the inventor after the grant of the original patent, it leaves the use prior-to the application for such patent clearily -bbnoxious to the principle established in 2 Peters, 14,-15, whereby the -patent would become void.
The same conclusion follows fromh the 15th sction ot the act

SUPREME COURT.
McClurg et al. v.Kings-ian-d et al.
of 1836, which declares, that'if the thing patented "had been in pilblic use, or on sale, with, the consent and allowance of the patentee, before the application for a patent," judgment shall be rendered' for the defendant with costs. 4 Story, 2511. The case before us is one of this description: the defendants use the invent tion of Harley for four months before his application for apatent; this' use was public, and not only with his express consent and allowance, but he himself made the rollers on the plan he invented during those months, from the time when he had ascertained the utility of his invention.
It would, therefore, be no strained,-if not the fair construction of this act, if under such and the other circumstances in evidence in the cause, the court had charged ihe jury, that if they believed the witnesses, the patent subsequently obtained was void. The Circuit Court, however, did- not go so far: they held that the defendants might continue to use the invention, without saying that the public night use it, without liability to the plaintiffs, in which we think there was no error in their direction to the jury; that they might presume a license or grant from Harley, or on the legal effect'of the uncontroverted evidence as to the right of recovery, by the plaintiffs, or on the construction of the acts of 1793, 1800, 1832, and 1836..
The remaining exception is to the charge of the court below, on the effect of the' 7th section of the act of 1839, which is in these words:'' That every person or. corporation who has, or shall have purchased or constructed any newly-invented machine, manufacture, or composition of matter, prior to the application by the inventor or discoverer of a patent, shall be held to possess the right to useand vendto others to be used, the specific machine, manufacture, or composition of matter, so made or purchased, without liability therefore to the. inventor, or any other person interested in such invention; and no-patent shall be held ilivalid by reason of such purchase, sale, or use prior to the application for a patent as aforesaid, except on proof pf abandonment of such invention to the public, or that such purchase, sale, or prior use has been for more than two years prior to such application for a patent." Pamphlet Laws, 1839, 74, 75.
The object of this provision is evidently twofold; first, to prbtect the person who has used the thing patented, by having pur-

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

McClurg et al. v. Kingsland et at.

chased, constructed, or made the machine, &c., to which the inven-

tion is applied, from any liability to the patentee or his assignee.

Second, to protect the rights, granted to the patentee,'against any

infringement by afiy other persons. This relieved him from the;

effects of former laws and their constfctigos by this court, un-

less in case of an abandonment of the invention, or a continued

prior use' for rhore than two years before the application for a

patent, while it puts the person who has had such prior use on

the same footing as if he had a special.license from the inventor

to use .his invention; which, if givefn before the application for a

patent, would justify the continued use after it issued without

liability.

At the trial below, and here, the plaintiff's counsel have con-

tended, that this act cannot apply to the present case, inasmuch.

as the protection it affords to the.person who had the prior use,

is confined to the' specific- machine,.&c., and does not extend to

such use of the invention, or.thing patented, if it does not con-

sist of a-mach*ine, &c., as contradistiriguished from the new inode

or manner in which an old machine or its parts operates, so as to

produce the desired effect; but we think that the law does not

admit of such construction, whether we look at its words or. its

manifest objects, when taken in connection with former laws,

and the decisions of this court in analogous cases.

The words "such invention" must be referred.back to the' pre-

ceding part of the sintence, in order to ascertain the subject-mat-

ter.to which it relates, which is none other than the newly-invent-

ed machine, manufacture, or composition of matter constituting

the thing patented; otheiwise these words become senseless

when the invention is-not strictly of a machine, &c. N6w, in;the.

present case, we find the invention consists solely in. the angnlar

direetion given to -the tube through. which the metal is.conducted

into the"cylinder in which the roller is.cast. Every part of the

maclfinery is old, the roller itself is no part-of the iniven'lion, and

cannot be the machine, manufacture, or composition of "matter

contemplated by Congress, ndr dan the word 4.specifie'P -have any

practical effect unless itis applied to the thing patented,whatever

it mity be, Without making a distinction lbetw'een a machine, &c:,

and the mode of producing a useful, result by the mere direction

given to one of the parts of-an'old machine. Such a construction

VoL. I.-27

s 2

SUPREME COURT.
McClurg .et al. v. Kingsland -et al.
is not justified by the language of the law, and would defeatboth of its objects. 'If it does. not embrace the case before us, the consequence would be that the useof the invention, under the circumstances in' evidence, would, according to the decision in 2 Peters, 14,'15, invalidate the patent; for if the act operates to save the avoidance of the patent; it must, of cons.equence, protect the -person who uses thd inveition before the application -for a patent. Both objects must be effected, or both must fail, as both parts of the act refer to .the same thing; and the same state of things, as affecting the person using the newly-invented machine, or the. thing patented, as well as the" inventor.. Had the Words "invention," or "thing patented," been used instead of machine, &c., there could have been. no room for doubt of the application of the act to the present case; abd by referrilig to the phraseology of the. different acts of Congress denoting the invention, it is apparent that, though there-is a difference in the words used, there is none as to their meaning or reference to the same thing. Thus we find in the 14th section of the act of 1S36, relating 'tosuits for using "the thing whereof the exclusive right is secured by any patent," in the 15th, "his' invention, his discovery, the thing patented," "that which was in fact invented or discovered "the invention or discovery for which the patent issued," "that of which he was the first inventor." In the 1st section of the act of 1837. "any patent for aiay invention, discovery, orjnprove-. mc'nt," "inventions and discoveries;" in the 2d section, 4'the invention.;" in the 3d, "invention or discovery ;" in' the 4th, "patented inventions and improvements ;" in the 5th, "the -thing as originally invented." ·4-Story, 2510, 2511, 2546.
We, therefore, feel bound to take the words "newly-invented machine, manufacture, or composition of natter" arid "such invention,".in the act of 1839, to mean the "invention patented," and the words " specific machine," to refer to "the" thing as originally invented," whereof the right is secured by patent ; but not to any newly-invented improvement on a thing once p.atented. The use of the invention before an appli.cation for 'apatent must be the specific improveinent then invented and used/by the person who had purchased, donstructed, or used the .machine. to which the invention is applied: so construed, the objects of the act of 1839 are, accomplished ; a different construction would

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

211

Connor v. Bradley pt ux.

make it- necessary to carry into all former laws the same literal exposition of'the various terms used to express the same thing, and fhereby changing the law according to every change of nere phraseology, make it a labyrinth of inextridable confusion.
We are, therefore, of opinion that there is no error in the charge of the court below, and that its judgment be affir'med.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard on the 'transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the western district of Pennsylvania and was argued by counsel. On cousideration whereof, it is ndv- here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said 'Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costm.

MARY ANN CONNOR, V. HENRY BRADLEY AND MARY, 111S WIFE.
rn.an action of ejectment, if the plaintiff count upon a lease to himself -from a person whom the evidence shows to have been .dead at the time, it is bdd.
It is a settled rule at common law, that where a right of re-entry.is claimed on the ground of forfeiture for nonpayment of rent, there must be proof of a demand of the precise sum due at a convenient time before sunset, on the day when the rent is itue, upon the land, in the most notorious place of it, even though there be no person on th land to pay.
In proceeding under the statute of,4 Geo. 2, it must be alleged and proved, that there was no sufficient distress" upon the premises on some day or period between tlhe time at which the rent felt due and the day of the demise; and if the time when, according to the prdofs, there was not asufficient distress upon the premiaes, be -ubsequent to 'the day of the demise, it is bad.
THis case was brought up by writ of error, to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia and county of Washington.
The case"was this: In 1807, William Prout, living in the city of Washington, and being the owner,.in fee, of d lot .in said city, made a lease of a part ofit to Joseph B. Parsons, for the term of ninety-nine years,
renewable forever. It was in' the usual form and contained the hsual covtenants, (with the exception of the one hereafter

JANUARY TERM, 184.

.8

RICHARD B. ALEXANDER, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. MOSES GRAHAM, DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
IN error to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, in and for the county of Washington.
The plaintiff in error having -filed an order in writing, direct,ing the clerk to dismiss this suit, it is thereupon now, here, considered, ordered, and adjudged by this court, that this writ of error be and the same is hereby dismissed with costs.

LESSEE OF JOHN 'MERCER, AND MARY SCOTT MERCER, HIS WIFE,
PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, V. WILLIAM CARY SELDEN, DEFENDANT.
The statute of limitation of Virginia, passed in 1785, barred the right of entry, unless suit was brought within twenti, years next after the cause of action accrued. The savings are infancy, coverture, &c., and such persons are barred if they do not bring their.action within ten years next after their dis-. abilities shall be removed.
The circumstances under which the defendant held in this particular case, constitute an adverse possession.
Disabilities which bring;%person within the exceptions of the statute cannot be piled one upon another; but a party, claiming the ben~nt of the proviso, .can only availhimself of the disability existing when the .right of action first accrued.
The general rule of law is, that there must be an entry during coverture, toenable the husband to claim a tenancy by the courtesy.
THIS case was brought, up by writ of error from the Circuit Court of the United States for the eastern district of Virginia.
.The facts in the case are stated in the commencement of the opinion of the court, which the reader is requested to turn to and peruse, before referring to th6 sketch of the arguments of counsel..
The decision of the court being made to rest entirely upon the statute.of limitations, all those branches of the argument relating
D

38

SUPREME COURT.

Mercer's Lessee v. Selden.

to the invalidity of the deed from Selden and wife to Dr. Mackay, on account of its not having been read to her, and of a defect in its acknowledgment, are omitted.
Whipple and Walter Jones, for the plaintiffs. ChapmanJohnson,-for defendant. On thb part of. the plaintiffs, it was argued: I; That -Mrs. Swann and 'her children were ',ithin the express exceptions of -the statute; under the double disability of infancy and.coverture. 2. That no disseisin or adverse possession is operated by any length of continued possession, however hottile may be the new pretence of title under which possession is held over, if the possession were not tortious at its inception, but in s6bordination to or consistent" with the true title. 3. That this is especially true where a husband, who having rightfully come into possession jure uxoris, holds out possession against her heir after descent cast by her death; however hostile the claim and stfong the colour of exclusive title asserted for himself; and though the heir be sui juslis, and in n nearer relation to husband njt wife than simply as her heir at law. 4. That the intrusion, even of a mere stranger, on lands descended to an infant, constitutes the iniruder, i2pso fadto, a fiduciary possessor, quasi guardian, subject both at law and in equity to all the duties and liabilities of such fiduciary possessor, and utterly incapable of converting his fiduciary possession into a disseisin or adverse possession. 5. Multo fortiore,when, as- in this case, the heirs were hot only infants, but united in their persons all the relations of his step-children, of co-heirs to his wife, and his wards; when the guardian care and 'conservation of all their rights of property
and of possession had devolved, as a strict legal duty, on him
ex o47Thio. 6. That the right of action had never accrued when the infants
had a right to sue, being restrained either by coverture or a tehancy:by the courtesy.
On the part of the defendant, it was argued, that none of the exceptions in the statute have any application to this base, but those in favour of infants and femes coverts. The right of entry of Mrs. Mercer's mother, and of her uncle, John Page, accrued at the death of Mrs. Selden, in 1787; or, at the latest, accrued to

J-ANUARY TERM, 1843.

39

Mercer's Lessee v. Selden.

John Page when he attained full. age, prior to 1792, and to Mrs. Swann When she was married, in April, 1794.
.First, as to Jobri Page. His disability of. infancy being removedi and .the guardianship account being settled in 1792; his right of entry, if any remained to him, certainly accrued as early as the 21st of December, 1792, When he was under no disftbility, and so he remained until his death in the year 1809. The statute having begun to Tun -against"him in his lifetime, runs over all subsbquent disabilities. Adams on Ejectment, .59; 2 Preston on Abstracts,.339; Blanchard.on Liitations, 19, in the first vol. of the Law Library, 10; Jackson dem. Colden v. Moore, 13 Johns. 513; Jackson dem. Livingston v. Robins, 15 Johns. 169; Fitzhugh v. Anderson, 2 Hen. and Mum. 306; Hudson v..Hudson's Adm., 6 Munf. 355; Parson v. McCracken, 9 Leigh. 501, 507. "Secondly, as to Mrs. Swann.
Her right of entry accrued *either-whenshe was an infant and' unmarried at the death of her mother, or when she was both an infant and a married woman,-in April, 1794. Her*disability of infancy ceased a few months after her marriage, and her disability of coverture ceased at her death, in' 1812. But so far as regards her daughter, Mrs. Mercer, there has been a succession of disabilities from the death of Mrs. Selden to the present day.
Can these disabilities be united so as to continue her protection?
The authoritie4 relied upon to maintain the power of tacking
.disabilities, are Blanchard on Lim. 19,20, in Law Library, 10, 11; 2 Preston on Abstracts, 340; Cotterell v. Dutton, 4 Taunton, 82Q. But even Blanchard's opinion is, that successive disabilities in different persons cannot be connected; and Preston states that the -later decisions are, that successive disabilities cannot be united, 2 vol. p. 341 ; and the following authorities prove that they cannot:- Adams on Ejectment, 60; 6 East, 80; approved in Tolson v. Kaye, 3 Broderip and Bingham, 223, decided in Common Pleas, in 1822; Eager and wife v. Commonwealth, 4 Mass. 182 ;. Griswold v. Butler, 3 Conn. Rep. 227; Floyd V. Johnson, 2 Littel, 114; Clay's heirs v. Miller, 3. Monroe, 148; Thompson v. Smith, 7'Serg. and Rawle, 209; Demarest and

40

'SUPREME COURT.

Mercer's Lessee v'.Selden.

wife v. Winkoop, 3 Johnson's Ch.Rep. 129; Jackson v. Wheat,
18 Johns. 40; Jackson v. Johnson, 5 Cowen, 74; Bradstreet
v. Clarke, 12 Wendell, 602; Doe dem. Lewis v. Barksdale, 2 Brock. 436; Parsons v. McCracken, 9 Leigh. 495. In the last case Judge Parker cites the case of Swann. v. Selden, as authority for the same proposition, it having been recognised by Judges
Cabell and Brockenborough. If the plaintifls are not within the exceptions to the statute,
then the question is, whether, supposing them to be under no disability, they are within the principle of the statute; or, in other words, has there been an actual adversary possession in the defendant, ahd those under whom he claims, for fifteen years before
bringing this suit? Here it must be remembered that we are trying this question,
not upon the testimony of witiesses, not upoii the' evidence of facts from which other facts may be inferred, but upon a special verdict finding- all the facts, and leaving to the decision of the court the naked question of law, whether these facts constitute a possession which the statute of limitations will protect: In Bradstreet v. Huntingdon, 5 Peters, 402, it is said, "Adverse. possession is a legal idda, admits of a legal definition, and is therefore a question of law."
Taylor dem. Atkyns v. Horde, 1 Burrow. 60, was upon a spe-
cial verdict finding the facts, and. referring the law to the court; and in that case it being ascertained that the plaintiff's right of action had accrued more than twenty years, before the bringing of the suit, he was regarded as having..the onus thrown. upon him of showing why he had not sooner entered. This case is reported also in Cowper, 689, and 6 Brown's P. C. 633; it is also stated in 3 Cruise's Dig. title 31, c..2 and 33.
In this case, (Taylor v. Horde,) the verdict did not find that the possession was adversary ; but.it found the'facts upon which the court pronounced that the plaintiff's title was barred by the statute. The case seems to have been briefly this. There was. tenant in ,tail with power to make leases for lives, and with remainder in tail to the right -heirs of the grantor. The tenant in tail made leases for three lives,-nd afterwards suffered a common recovery with a-view of barxng the entail, and cutting off the remaindeis liniited *thereupon.. The person entitled to the re-

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

41

Mercer's Lessee v. Selden.

mainder in fee died, having devised it to the lessor of the plain-

tiff. The tenant in tail afterwards died in the year 1711 without

issue, and his heir, claiming under the common recovery, entered,

and he and those claiming under him continued to hold the land

tilthle year 1753. The survivor of the three lessees for life died

in 1752, and then the devisee of the remainderman in fee en-

tered and made the lease on which the action was brought. The

defendants defended themselves upon two grounds: 1st, that the

common recovery had barred the remainder in fee; and 2d, that

Tit had not, the statute of limitations had barred the entry of

the plaintiff. The plaintiff insisted that the common recovery

was void for want of a proper tenant to the procipe,and so the

court held. The plaintiff also insisted that his right of action

did not accrue till the death of the surviving lessee for life, so

that there was no bar of his entry; but the -court held that the

lease for lives was void, so that the plaintiff's right of entry ac-

crued in 1711, and was barred by the statute. This judgment of K. B. was affirmed in House of Lords.

La Trombois v. Jackson, 8 Cowen, 589, was also a case of a.

special verdict, finding the facts, which the court held to amount

to"an adverse possession. The facts which, in the Opinion of the

court, constituted an adverse possession in the defendant were,

long possession under a contract for a future conveyance from a

person not shown to have had any tifle, improvement and culti-

vation. His long possession and enjoyment of the property,

claiming itas his own, was held sufficient;, The fact of possession, and the quo animo it was commenced and continued, were

regarded as the tests of adversary: possession. "See page 609.

Cly v. Ransome, 1 Munf. 454, was the case of a special ver-

dict finding possession in the defendant. Held that the defendant

would.have been protected if it had been found with certainty

that such possession had continued twenty years, besides the five

years and one hundred and seventy-four days, included by the

act of Assembly on account of the war;.,and this being left un-

certain, a venire de novo was awarded.

Let us examine what there is in our case which should make the possession of Dr. Selden and his son fiduciary.

Shall fraud or trust be imputed to .its orrin? Both these

grounds have been fully investigated in the Court of Chancery,

VOL. I.-6

D 2

SUPREME COURT.
Mfercer's Lessee v. Selden.
and, both repudiated by the final decree of that court, affirmed by the Court of Appeals.
But if they eould be resorted to here, then the statute would ,un, against the fraud from the time it was discoVered, and would run in favour of the trustee from the time that the trust was openly repudiated.
As to fraud; see 'Wamburzee v. Kennedy, 4 Desauss. 479; -Sweat v. Arrington, 2 Hayw. 129'; Thompson v. Blair, 3 Murphy, 583; Van Rhyn v. Vincent, 1 McCord's Ch. R. 314.
As to trust. It is held that time will bar even an express voluntary trust, beginning to run from the period of its known disavowal. See Blanchard on Lim. 75, 1 Law Library, 39; Pipher v. Lodge, 4. Serg. and RaWle, 310; Boone v. Chiles, 10 Peters, 223; citing Willison' v. Watkins, 3 Peters, 52; Kane v. Bloodgood, 7 Johns. Ch. R. 122; Hovenden v. Lord Anne.ley, 2 Sch. and Lef. 607, 636, 638.
And as to constructive trusts, see the same case of Boone'v. Chiles, 10 Peters, 223, where it is said, "Though time does not bar a direct trust as between a trustee and cestui que trust till it is disavowed, yet where a constructive trust is made out in equity, time protects the trustee, though his conduct was.originally fraudulent, and his purchase would have been repudiated for fraud." Citing for-this, Andrew v. Wrigley, 4 Bro. Ch. C' 138; Beckford v. Wade, 17 Vesey, 97; Townsend v. Townsend, 1 Bro. Ch. C. 554. ,So the Court of Appeals of Virginia, in the case of Harrisoni v. 'Harrison, 1 Call, 428, holds this language: "The act of limitations does not run. in favour of trustees, so long as the confidence may be fairly presumed to continue ; but it runs both at law and in equity in favour of disseisors and tort-feisors iaving adverse possessioh."I
So, though it is said in some cases in Johnson's Reports, cited on the part of the plaintiffs, that the adversary possession, to constitute a-bar, must have been hostile in its inception, and so continued for twenty years; yet this phrase, "hostile in its inception," does not relate to the original entry of the defendant, but to the act by which the possession became adversary; in other ,words, whether the possession was originally hostile or not, it must have been hostile twenty years ago, aid have continued so ever since. See Jackson v. Brink, 5 Cowen, 483.

IANUARY TERM, 1843.

43,

Mercr's Lessee v. Selddn.

Shall the defendant be treated as tenant for life holding over, so as to make him tenant by su'fferance'. This is repelled 6y special verdict, which, finds .that he held under claim of title, and took the rents.and profits to his own use. But an express and acknowledged tenancy, as soqn as thd tenancy is disavowed and the right of the landlord. openly denied, will become adversary. See Willison v. Watkins, 3 Peteis, 49; Peyton v. Stith, 5 Peters, 485. Cited, 1 Pet. Digest, p. 148, pl. 32; al o the pertinent case, Doe dem. Parker v. Gregory, 4 Neville and Manning, 308. Iusband in possession, in right of his wife, held over after her death for nlore'than twenty years; there being no evidence to show under. what right he held or claimed to hold after her death, this possession barred the wife's heirs.in ejectmenf.
Shall he be regarded as one entering under a void title, so that his possession would be regarded as subordinate to the title of the legal owner?
The special verdict ascertains that the fact is.not so. For however ineffectual in law the conveyances may be to pass the.legal title of Mrs. Selden, yet Dr. Selden did not enter under her deed, but under the deeds of Robert Mackay and Cary Selden, which, though they might not have conveyed a good title, are not void in law. Under this head the plaintiffs may rely upon the .cases of Jackson v. Waters, 12 Johns. 365 ; Jackson v. Cairns, 20 Johns. 301; also, perhaps, on some other cases referred to in Adams on Ejectment, Appendix A, p. 46--468. After the decisiorr of Jackson v. Waters, by the Supreme Court of New York, the case of Jackson v. La Tronbois came before the same court, in respect to the .safne title, but between different parties. The Supreme Cburt thought the case not distinguishable from Jackson v. Waters, and held, accordingly, that the possession of the defendant was not adyersary. But this last case coming before-the Court of. Errors of New York under the style of La Trombois v. Jackson, 8. Co.wen, 589, the judgment of the Supreme Court was unanimously reversed. The Court of Errors thought the. case -very distinguishable from Jackson v. Waters, which they did not -profess to overrule; but the opinions-of the jilidges on the doc-. trine of adversary possession produce the impression that they would have decided Jackson v. Waters differefntly
But these cases furnish no warrant. for the.proposition that a.

44

SUPREME COURT.

Mercer's Lessee v. Selden.

possession commencing under a void title may not become adversary,
The case in 12 Johnson, Jackson v. Waters, repudiates all claim under the grant of the French Canadian government, as a government altogether foreign to the colonial government of New York; so as to liken the possession of one claiming under'such a grant to the possession of one without claim-upon the ground that such a grant was notoriously void, and so known to be by the person in possession under it. But the possession in that case was manifestly such as not to have created a bar, even if it had been adversary, and there is a strong intimation that it might *ha've been ripened into a complete bar to the action.
Jackson v. Cairns, 20 Johns., was the case of a conveyance in fee of the wife's lands by deed of husband and wife, not executed by the wife so as to be obligatory upon her, and an immediate re-conveyance of fhe property to the husband in fee. 'The husband thenceforward claimed the land as his own, and mortgaged it for the payment of his debts. The wife died in 1795, having-had issue by the marriage, and afterwards the husband died in 1s02. His son and heir took possession, and made another mortgage upon the lands. The mortgage made by the husband was foreclosed in 1905, and under the decree of foreclosure, sold to Cairns, who held possession under the purchase till the heir of the wife brought his action of ejectment in 1817. The court held that as the original conveyance was void as to the wife, it could be regarded as the conveyance of the husband alone; that under the statute 32 Henry 8, and a similar statute in New York, the conveyance of the husband and wife operated to convey only his interest in the estate; that is, his tenancy by the courtesy, and produced-no discontinuance of his wife's estate; that the re-conveyance to him operated only to re-vest him withi his former estate. That, in like manner, the mortgage produced no. discontinuance of his wife's estate; so that, after her death, his possession was that of tenant by the courtesy. The title of his wife's heir-to the possession had not yet accrued, and his possession could not be adversary to the heir. 'They intimated an opinion that the mortgage by his heir did not render the possession Adversary, but did not decide this point, as it was unnecessary. They consider the possession as- becoming adveraar; at

JANUARY TERM, 1843.
Mercer's Lessee v. Selden.
the time of Cairns's purchase, in 1S05. But this was within the period of-limitation; they therefore held that the action was not barred.
Here it is obvious that the right of entry never accrued to the wife's heirs until the death of the husband, who had good title as tenant by the courtesy; and as but fifteen. years had elapsed after the right of entry had accrued, the statute presented no bar.
But we maintain that the'doctrine which assumes that p6ssession, commencing under a void title, cannot become adversary and be protected by the statute, is in conflict with the principle of the statute and all the authorities.
The principle of the statute is to quiet possessions, and to protect tenants, after a reasonable length of time, from the necessity of exhibiting any title whatever.
The following considerations and cases are illustrative .of the policy of the statute of limitations, and the favour with Which it is regarded by the courts.
1. The statute of limitations has. been emphatically called a statute of repose, &c. Beatty's Adm. v. Burnes's Adm., 8 Cranch, 98; 3 Cond. R. 51.
2. The statutes of limitation ought not to be viewed in an unfavourable light, as an unjust or discreditable defence, but should receive such support from the courts as would make it what it was intended to be, a statute of repose. It is a just and beneficial law, &c. "Bell v. Morrison, 1 Peters, 360.
3. "Of late years the courts of England and in this country
have considered statutes of limitation more favourably than formerly. They rest upon sound policy, and tend to the peace.and welfare of society. The courls do not now, unless compelled by. the -frce of former decisions, :give a strained construction to evade the effect of those statutes. By requiring those who complain of injuries to seek redress by action at law within a reasonable time, a salutary vigilance is imposed, and an end is put to litigation." McClung v' Silliman, 3 Peters, 270.
4. "Statutes of limitation have been emphatically aid justly denominated statutes of repose. The best interests of society require that causes of action should not be deferred an fInreasonable time. This remark is peculiarly applicable to land titles. Nothing so much retards the growth orprosperity of a country

46

SUPREME COURT.

Mercers Lessee v. Selden.i

as insecurity of titles to real estate. Labour is paralyzed when the enjoyment of its fruits is uncertain, and litigation without limit produces ruinous consequences to individuals." The court therefore approves the Kentucky statutes of limitation.- Bradstreet v. Huntington, 5 Peters, 407.
5. "From as early a date as the year 1705, Virginia has never been without an act of limitation; and no class.of laws is more universally sanctioned by the practice of nations and the consent of mankind, than those laws which give peace and confidence tothe .actual possessor and -tiller of the *soil," &c. - Hawkins et a]. v. Barney's lessee, 5 Peters, 457.
The course of Kentucky approved, even her "seven years law ;" samexcas. - And among5 English cases, see the' modern one of Tolson v. Kaye,-3 Bro. and Bing. 217, decided in G.ommon Pleas, in 1822.
The case of Taylor v. Horde, alreL.dy cited, is an authority to prove that possession held under a void common recovery was protected by the statute of limitations.
In Smith v. Bentis, 9 Johns. 180, Spencer, delivering the opinion of the court, said: "It has never been considered as necessary to constitute an adverse possession that there should be a rightful title. Whenever this defence is set up, the idea of right i excluded; the fact of possession and the quo animo it was commenced or continued are the only tests, and it must necessarily be exclusive of all other rights."
In Smith .v. Lorillard, 10 Johns. 3.56, C. J. Kent said, in delivering the opinion of the court, that cc after a contifiued possession for twenty years under pretence or claim-of right, the actual possession ripens into a right of possession, which will toll an eniry." See also La "Trombois v: Jackson, 8 Cowen, 589, especihlly the opinions of Jones, (Chancellor,) p. 60%. 603; and Spencer, p. 609611, citing Jackson v. Wheat , 18 Johns. 44; .Jackson v. Ne3vton, 18 Johns. 355; Jackson v. Woodruffl 1 Cowen, 286.
In Jackson v. Newton, 18 Johns. 355, the possession of the defendant was held under a defective'deed,.a deed without a seal, which, therefore, passed no title, yet was considered adverse,
and having continued for twenty years, barred. the plaintiff's entry.
Ewing v."Burnett; 8 Peters, 41, holds that adverse possession

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

47

Mercer's Lessee v. Selden.

of twenty-one years under claim or colour of title merely void, is a bar to a recovery under an elder title by deed, although the adverse holder may have had notice of the deed: This was the case of an uhienclosed lot in Cincinnati.
Harpending v. The Dutch Church, 16 Peters, 455, held that the title of a devisee, entering under a void devise, may be protected against the heirs by the statute of limitations. See also Hudson v. Hudsons Adm., 6 J~unf. 35, and 5 Peters, 354; also Patton's lessee v. Easton, 1 Wheat. 479.
Lastly, shall Dr. Selden be regarded as having entered, as - guardian, and therefore holding in subordination to the title of his wards?
This fact is also repudiated by the special verdict, which finds that he entered in his own right; and by the decree of the Court of Chancery, which has rejected.all claims against him as guardian.
But ,if he did enter as. guardian, that guardianship has been long since terminated and the accounts finally settled. There is no authority to prove that a guardian will not be protected by the statute of. limitations, after his guardianship has terminated. On the contrary, Littleton, secet. 124; Co. Litt. 896, 90 a; Cro. Car 229; Cro. Jac. 219; which show that the guardian, whether tie jure or de facto,'whether.propriu.s tutor or alienus tutor,is liable to the action of account 'on the part of his ward, show necessarily that he is- entitled to the protection of the statute, bdcause the action -of account is expressly limited by tne 'statute. It was so by the statute of James, and is so by that of Virginia.
So too, in equity, where the guardian is held to account for rents and profits, the court will lair hold of "any such' thing" as a waiver of the account after the -infant came of age, to put an end to the claim. Morgan v. Morgan, 1 Atkyns, 489.
Why .should not the possession of a former guardian under a
claim of right in himself,.and a long and notorious application of the profits to his own Use, as effectually disseise his former wards, and entitle him to the p'rotection of the statSte, as the possession of a tenant in common, joint tenant, or coparcener, denying the right of his -co.tenant, and applying the profits to his own use,, would disseise his.co-tenant", and entitle the disseisor to the protection of the statute of limitations ? See Adams on Ejectment, 56;

48

SUPREME COURT.

Mercer's Lessee v. Selden.

Blanchard on Lim. 9, 1 Law. Lib. 5; Fisher v. Prosser, Cowper, 218; Doe dem. Stellings v. Bird, 11 East, 50.
The case of Swann v. Selden, in the Cburt of Appeals, has decided the very question we are now considering. The opinions of Judges Brockenborough and Cabell, constituting the majority of the court, have held that the statute was a complete bar to all the equitable claims preferred in that cause. The case is not reported, but adduced in manuscript.

The opinion of the court was delivered by Mr. Justice McLEAN.
This case is brought before this court, from the Circuit Court of the eastern district of Virginia, by a writ of error.
An action of ejectment was commenced by the lessors of the plaintiff, to recover possession of certain undivided interests in a tract of land in Loudon county.
On the trial, the jury found a statement of facts, on which the questions of law mainly arise.
Mary Mason Selden was seised and possessed in fee simple of certain tracts of land in the county of Loudon, estimated to contain four thousand -acres, a part of which is the land in controversy. She intermarried with Mann Page, who died in 1779, leaving his wife and three infant children, John, William Byrd,. and Jane Byrd. Mrs. Page continued a widow, seised in her own right, until 1782, when she married Wilson Cary Selden; who in right of his wife entered upon and held the lands. Soon after the marriage, Selden became guardian of the three infant children aforesaid, gave bonds, &c., and continued to act as guardian during the minorities of the two sons, and- until the marriage of the daughter.
On the 22d December, 1784, Selden and wife conveyed in fee simple to Cary Selden, father of the husband, the whole of the four thousand acres of land, with the exception of two-thousand acres deeded to W. B. Page. Mrs. Selden was privily examined as the statute requires. This deed was acknowledged and recorded by Selden the 14th April, 1818, long after the decease of the grantee. On the 1st January, 1785, Cary Selden -and wife re-conveyed the land, with the exception above stated, to Wilson C.Selden; which deed was also recorded the 14th April, 1818.
Selden nnd wife, previously to the execution of the above

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

49

Mercer's Lessee v. Selden.

deed to Cary Selden, made a deed to William Byrd Page, son of

Mrs. Selden by her first marriage, for two thousand acres, part

of the above tract of four thousand acres; which deed was never

recorded and cannot now- be found. From the time of their

marriage, Selden and wife had their permanent'dwelhng in the

county of Gloucester, until they removed to the county of Eliza-

beth City, where they established their residence. In September,

1787, Mrs. Selden, being in a low state of health, accompanied

by her husband on a return from the Springs, was taken extremely

ill at Winchester, in Frederick county, Virginia, where she died

on the 17th of that month. Two days previous to her death

Mrs. Selden, with her husband, executed ,a second deed to William

Byrd Page, for two thousand acres by certain metes and bounds,

and also a deed to Doct. Robert Mackay for two thousand acres,

being the residue of the four thousand acres in Loudon aforesaid.

On the 17th, it being the day of her decease, the privy examina-

tion of Mrs. Selden was taken to the above deeds, by three jus-

tices of the peace of Frederick county, under a commission issued

by the clerk of Loudon county. Selden, on the 8th October,

1787, acknowledged the above deeds,'and they were ordered to

be recorded. On the 17th September aforesaid, and after the de-

cease of Mrs. Selden, Mackay re-conveyed the land conveyed to

him as above stated, to Wilson C. Selden. This deed was re-

corded the 8th October ensuing.

From the time of his marriage to the decease of Mrs. Selden,

Selden, in right of his wife, held possession of the premises in

controversy. After her death he continued to hold possession,

taking the rents, issues, and profits for his own use; claiming the

land under the above deed. In 1818, when the legal'sufficiency

of that deed was questioned, he caused the deeds to and from

his father to be recorded, as above stated, and so continued, to

claim the premises under both 'deeds, and to exercise acts of

ownership over the land until his death, in 1835. Between the

years 1796 and 1812, Selden sold, conveyed, and delivered pos-

session to dfferent persons, and among others to Thomas Swann;

who had 'intermarried with Jane Byrd Page, various parcels of

the land.

In April, 1794, Jane Byrd Page, with the consent of her

guardian, she being under twenty-one years of age, married

VOL. L-7

E

50

SUPREME COURT.

Mercer's Lessee v. Selden.

Thomas Swann; and died the 31st October, 1812, leaving seven infant children, .her heirs at law. Among others, Mary Scott, one of the lessors of the plaintiff, who, in June, 1818, being .under twenty-one years of age, intermarried with John Mercer, one of the lessors of the plaintiff. In 1796, having received from Selden R640, Thomas Swann executed a receipt, fully discharging him as guardian. John Page, the eldest son of Mrs. Selden, died in 1800, having devised all his *estate,real and personal, after the death- 6f his widow, .Elizabeth K. Page, tb two of the children of his brother William Byrd Page, to wit: William B. Page and Mary M. Page, and to three of the children of-his sister, Jane B. Swann, to wit: Edward, Mary, and Tlhomas, as tenants in common. Edward and Thomasedied intestate, and without issue. Mary intermarried as above stated with John Mercer. ·
After John Page, the above testator, had attained full- age, on the 21st December, 1792, he settled, with Selden, his guardian, and executed to him a release from all demands.
Thomas Swan, surviving his wife, conveyed by deed duly executed'all his interest in the premises to his surviving children.
After William Byrd Page had attained full age, he made a claim against Selden, on account of inequality in the partitioif of the aforesaid four thousand acres of land, which claim was finally adjusted by the payment of one thousand pounds, and the purchase of five hundred acres of his land .by Selden. And afterwards, on the 23d July, 1794, Page, having received full satisfac-tion from Selden as guardian, executed to him a release, &c.
From the death of Wilson Cary Selden up to the present time, the defendant, his son, has held the actual possession of the premses in dispute, claiming the same as his own, under the will
of his father. On the 6th December, 1819, the lessors of the plaintiff, claiming
as heirs of Mrs. Sivann, with others; instituted their suit in the Superior Court of Chancery held at Winchester, against Wilson Cary Seldefn and others., claiming the lands now in controversy, ,upon certain defects. in the conveyances under which Selden claimed, and upon alleged equities. Answers were filed, and -upon the final hearing in October, 1830, a decree was pronounced, whereby the court, "disclaiming jurisdiction of the alleged im-" perfections in the conveyances aforesaid, but taking jurisdiction

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

51

Mercer's Lessee v. Selden.

of the matters of equity, adjudged and decreed that the plaintiffs' bill should be dismissed with costs, but without prejudice to any suit at law. which the plainiffs might be advised to prosecute on account of the.alleged legal defects, or want of'validity in the said deeds." This decree, on an appeal to the Supreme Court of Appeals, was affirmed the 17th of April, 1837.
This cause has been ably and elaborately argued. Some .points have been made and illustrated with great research and ingenuity, which, from the view taken of the case by the court, are not essentially involved in the decision. Among these are the construction of the statutes under which the deed from Selden and wife to Cary Selden, in 1784, was execited and recorded; and also the deed from Selden and wife to Mackay, in 1787.
We will consider the case in reference to the statute of limitations.
The .statute of 1785 bars the right of entry, unless suit be brought within twenty years next after the cause of action ac-
crues. The savings are "infancy, coverture, non compos mentis, imprisonment, or not being within the commonwealth at the time the right of action accrued." And such persons are barred if they do not bring their action within ten years next after their disabilities shall be removed.
Selden took possession of the preniises in controversy, claiming them as his own under the deed from Mackay, in the fall of 1787.
Prior to that time, his possession was in right of his wife. Under the deed from Mackay his possession was adverse to the right of the lessors of the plaintiff. He avowed his bwnership by placing the deed upon record, by enjoying the profits of the land, and by selling and conveying different parcels of it.
In no sense an he be considered as holding possession, in virtue of his rights as guardian of the heirs of his deceased wife, or as tenant by the courtesy. The right under which he held possession during the life of his wife terminated at her death, there being no issue of the marriage. From this time he possessed and claimed the premises as his own. This was notorious to the 'public, and especially to the heirs of his wife. John Page; in his
lifetime, settled with Selden as guardian, and executed to him a release of all demands,. William Byrd Page received from him one thbusand pounds, the estimated difference in value between

52

SUPREME COURT.

Mercer's Lessee v. Selden.

the part of the four thousand acres conveyed to him over that which was conveyed to Page. Thomas Swann, the husband of Jane Byrd Page, actually purchased from Selden a part of the land conveyed to him by Mackay. Swann, at the time of the, purchase, was a highly respectable lawyer, and not only knew that Selddn claimed the land adversely, but he recognised the validity of such claim by the purchase.
Until his death in 1835, Selden continued in possession of the premises, and his son, the defendant, still holds the same adversely under his father's will. From these facts it is clear that the lessors of the plaintiff are barred by the statute, unless they shall bring themselves within its exceptions.
The right of action accrued in 1787. At that time Jane Byrd Page, being an infant, was within the exception of the statute, and it is insisted that her marriage with Swann before she was twenty-one years of age, added to her first disability that of coverture.
Mr. Preston, in his Abstracts, 2 vol. 339, says, "If the right accrues to a person who is at that time under a disability, the fine will not begin to run against him till he shall be free from disability; and successive disabilities, without any intermission, will continue to him a protection against being barred by nonclaim: but ay cessation of disability will ball the statute into operative force, and no subsequent disability will arrest the bar produced by the statute."
The saving in the Virginia statute is the same as that of the 21st of Jac. 1, but it has received in this country'a different construction from that stated by Mr. Preston. In Parsons v. McCracken and wife, 9 Leigh. 495, Mr. Justice Parker says, speaking of this statute, "I am of opinion that cumulative disabilities ought not to prevent its operation; and that upon a sound con-struction of the act, a party claiming the benefit of the proviso can only avail himself of the disability existing when the right of action first accrued; -since, otherwise, the assertion of claims might be postponed for the period of the longest life, and possessions disturbed after sixty, eighty, or even a hundred years." In that case, as in the one under consideration, the female ii" whom the right vested, married before the disability of infancy had ceased.

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

53

Mercer's Lessee v. Selden.

In the. same' case Mr. Justice Brockenborough says, "If she married after she became of age, her subsequent coverture was not a disability which would obstruct the operation of the statute; and even if she married while yet an infant, we cannot mount one disability on another so as to prevent a continuous obstruction to ifs operation." Mr. Justice Tucker says, ",It is true that Rebecca was an infant, but she came of age in 1824, when her disability ceased; for, notwithstanding some loose opinions to the contrary, she cannot tack the disability of marriage to that of infancy."
Tike same doctrine was recognised by the Court of Appeals, in the chancery case lately decided in that court, between the parties now before us. The same principle is sanctioned 2 Hen. and Munf. 306; and in Eager and wife v. Commonwealth, 4 Mass. 182 ; .Jackson v. Wheat, 18 Johns. 40; Demarest v. Wynkoop, 3 Johns. Ch. 129.
Chancellor Kent says, in the last case cited, "I am clearly of opinion, thatthe party can only avail himself of the disabilities existing when the right of action first accrued." In 1 Plowd. 375, it is laid down that, "if se'Oeral disabilities exist together at the time the right of action accrpes, the statute does not begin to run until-the party has survived them all." In Doe v. Jesson, 6 East, 80, it was held that cumulative disabilities in different persons could not be added.
At the time of her marriage, in April, 1794, Mrs. Swann wanted about three months of being of full age. Of course, in July ensuing, she was of age, from which time the statute began to operate, and in twenty years would have barred her right ot entry, had she survived. But her death in 1812 arrested the operation of the statute, and gave her heirs ten years within which to bring their action. The proviso in the statute, after enumerating the exceptions, among which are infancy and coverture, declares that "every such person, and his or her heirs, shall and may, notwithstanding the said twenty years are, or shall be expired, bring-and maintain his action, or make his entry, within ten years next after such disabilities removed, or the death ofthe -personso disabled, and notafterwards."
By the settled construction of this proviso, the heir has ten yehrs to bring his action, where his ancestor is not barred. This

54

SUPREME COURt.

Mercer's Lessee v. Selden.

time is given him without reference to the time that has elapsed or the disabilities of his ancestor, if the right of entry has not been. tolled.
But it is insisted that the right of entry did not devolve on the heirs of Mrs. Swann at her decease, as her husband became tenant by. the courtesy.
In 1 Coke on Litt..29,*c. 4, sect. 35, it is said, "Tenant by the courtesy of England is, where a man takleth a wife seised in fee simple, .orin fee tail general, or seised as heir in tail special, and hath issue by the same wife, male or female, born alive, albeit the issue after dieth or liveth, yet if the wife dies, the husband shall hold the land during his life, by the laws of England."
"And first, of what seisin a man shall be tenant by the courtesy. There is in law a twofold seisin, viz., a seisin in deed and a seisin in law. And here Littleton intendeth a seisin in deed, if it may be attained unto, as if a man dieth seised of lands in fee simple, or fee tail general, and these lands descend to his daughter, and she tpiketh a husband and hath issue, and dieth before any entry, the husband shallnot be tenant by the courtesy; and yet in this case she had a seisin in law; biut if sho or her husband had during her life entered, he should have been tenant by the courtesy."
The wife at common law was endowable where there had been no actual possession, and the reason is, that during coverture she could not take possession of the lands of her-husband. But actual seisifi was necessary to enable the husband to claim as tenant -by the courtesy. This rule was not inflexible. It yielded,to circumstances, as in the case of an advowson, or rent, or where an entry was prevented by force. Litt. s. 417, 418. In like manner, if a man have a title of entry into lands, but does not enter for fear of bodily harm; nd he approach as neaK the land as he dare, and- claim the land as his own, he hath presently, by such claim, a p9ssession and seisin in the land, as if he *had entered in deed. Litt. s. 419. And, under some circurr.stances, living within view of the land will give the feoffee a seisin in deed, as fully as if hd had made an entry. It has been held that the husband may claim as tenant by the courtesy, without entry, wild lands of which his.wife was seised, and which were not held adversely. But the general rule of law is, that

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

55

Mercer's Lessee v. Selden.

there must be an entry during coverture, to enable the husband to claim by the courtesy,
At no time during the life of Mrs. Swan, does it appear that there was an entry upon the premises in controversy by herself or her husband. On the contrary, it appears the deferidant and his ancestor held the land adversely. It is .clear, therefore, that Swann could not claim as tenant by the courtesy, and consequently no such right could interpose to prevent the entry of the. heirs of his wife. They were .bound, without regard to thei infancy or other disabilities, to bring their action in ten years from the decease of their ancestor. This results from the fact, that the-right of action accrued in the lifetime of their ancestor, and the rule of-law, which does not admit of cumulative disabilities.
By the same principles, the devisees of John Page, who died in 1800, are also barred. The statute also bars the right of entry in William Byrd Page.
From this view of the case, it can scarcely be necessary to notice the bill of exceptions taken on the trial by the plaintiff. So far- as evidence was offered to disprove the consideration named in the deed'to Mackay, with the view of rendering it invalil, the evidence was properly rejected. And so far as regards the circumstances which the plaintiff offered to prove, they could have no other, if any effect, than to create a suspicion of unfairriess or fraud in the executi6i of the deed. All matters of fraud and trust arising out of this transaction were considered and decided in the case in equity lately braught before the Court of Appeals of Virginia, by the parties to the present suit. If that jurisdiction wpre rightfully exercised, it concludes all questions of fraud in this case. Upon the whole, we affirm the*judgment of the, Circuit Court.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard o~n the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of th United States for the eastern district of Virginia, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit'Court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with cost.s.

JANUARY TERM, 18M.

CHARIES MCKNIGHT, APPELLANT, V. LAWENCE B. "TAYLOR,
TRUSTEE, &C.
There-must be conscience, good faith, and reasonable diligence, to call into action the ppwers of.a court of equity.
In matters of account, where they are not barred by the act of limitations,. cQurts of equity refuse to interfere, after a considerable lapse of time;from considerations of public policy, and from. the difficulty of. doing entire justice,.when the original transactions have become obscure by time, and theevidence may be lost.

THis was an appeal from the equity side -of the Circuit Court of*the United States for the Distiict of Columbia, holden in and for the.county of. Alexandria
The facts in the case are fully stated in the opinion of. the court, to which the readdr is referred.
Semmes and Jones,for.the appellant. 4ee and ffradZey, for the appellee.

Semmes, for the appellant, contended that the decree of the

court below was. erroneous, and should be reversed for -the fol-

.owmg,:among other reasons.

1. Because there is no equity in.the bill or supplemental bill,

andno case made for the interference of the court.

2. Because it decrees debts to be paid which the record shows

has-already been paid.

3. Because it decrees the debt mentioned in the schedule as

that dile to Thomas.Janney andtCo., to be paid tb Jbhn Lloyd, who

claims by virtue of various assignments named in said decree.

4. Because it did not allow the appellant, a lien onar pro rata

dividend out of the trust fund for the debts paid off, and assigned

for .his use, as shown: in the record.

5. Because the court should have presumed payment of the

debts, in the absence of-all evidence- showing them still due, after

the great lapse of time, or, if the oourt believed them still unpaid,

they should have presumed an. abandonment of the claims by the

creditors from their laches and the lapse of time ; and therefore

erred in.decreeing-relief to claimants whose demands were stale,

and who bad knowingly, slept upon-their rights.

VOL. L-21

o 2

162

SUPREME COURT.

McKnight v. Taylor.

6. Because the court should, for like reason, have presumed a performance of the covenant contained in the deed of trust executed between the appellant and Robert 1. Taylor, for payment of the schedule debts-a release of the same, or that it was abandoned or extinguished.
7. Because, if the said covenant was any part of the grounds or foundation-of their decree, the court erred in decreeing upon it in favour of parties between whom and the covenantor there was no privity; or, if there was any sudh privity, then, because
the covenant was a personal matter, disconnected from the trust, and upon which the remedy was by action at law; and more especially as there was no prayer in the bill for an enforcement
of the covenant. 8. Because, if it was right under the circumstances to give any.
relief at all, the eourt should have decreed only theprincipal of the debts found due, and should, on account of the laches, have refused to allow any interest, on .the principle on which the account of profits was denied in Acherly v.%Roe, 5 Ves. 565; or, upon the principle of Pickering v. Lord Stamford, 2 Yes. jr. 272, 581, interest should have been allowed only from the filing of the bill; the plaintiffs having gone into equity for general relief, and not for an enforcement of the covenant in the deed, on which there was full remeay at law..
On the subject of the lapse of time, he cited 5 Leigh, 350; 6 Wheat. 481; 4 Johns. 1; 9 Peters, 416; 5 Leigh, 381; 7 Johns; 556j 2 Nott and McCord, 360; 9 Leigh, 393; 2 - ldwin, 477; Cowper, 1Q9.

Bradley,for appellee. As to lapse of time: there was a covenant between McKnight and Taylor, the consideration -of which was the forbearance of
creditors'to sue, and they did 'forbear. " 3 Swanston', 417. As to the presumption of payment: it is not well settled whether'it is a matter of fact or law. Hughes v. Edwards, 9 Wheat.; same case in Cond. Rep. 654, 655; Elmendorf v. Taylor, 10 Wheat. 152 same ca e in'Cond.'Rep. 55, 56. See also, 10 Leigh, 284.

J.ones,.-for appellant. A decree must.follow the equity of the bill, bdt the court below h.s not done it. Hellary v. Waller, 12 Vesey, .settles the rule

JANUARY TERM,- 1843.
MoKnight v. Taylor.
that a court of equity vill put itself in the position, of a court and' jury. The trustee, here, had full legal power to sell without coming to equity, and courts act on different principles when called upon to lend their aid, than when acting regularly. Ambler, 645. The creditors, generally, do not answer or take any notice, but appear to have abandoned the claim. Only one acts. This, circumstance ought to be coupled with the staleness of the demand.
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court. This is an appeal from the decree of. the- Circuit Court of the District of Columbia, for the county of Alexandria, sitting in chancery. It appears from the record, that the appellant Charles McKnight, by deed bearing date the 29th day -of September, 1813, conveyed to Robert L Taylor, certain real property described in the deed, situate in the town of Alexandria, upon trust, to permit the appellant to occupy the same, and to receive the rents and profits without account, until a sale shorid become necessary, under the terms of the deed ; and if he,the said Charles McKnight, should not on ,he 1st day of April, 1818, have paid the several creditors named in a schedule, annexed, to the deed, the debts therein mentioned with interest, then the said Robert L Taylor should, on -notice of such. default from any one of the said creditors or his representatives, proceed to sell the- said pro-. perty, or so much thereof as might be necessary, for cash at public auction, after giving three weeks notice of the time and -place of sale, by advertisement in any paper published in Alexandria, and after defraying the reasonable expenses of sale, discharge the aforesaid debts with all interest due thereon. The bill in this case was filed in August, 1837, by Robert L Taylor, the trustee above mentioned, ar.d after setting forth the deed of trust, proceeds to state that Thomas Janney and Co. (who are named as reditors in the $chedule) had assigned the debt.due to them, to Joseph Janney in triust for the payment' of their creditors; and that Joseph Janney, under a provision inthe diped.of assignment,.afterwards -transferrMd the same to George Johnson, in trust ?or the same purpose; and that the complainant had -been required by the said George Johnson, and by certain

164

.SUPREME COURT.

McKnight v. Taylor.

other creditors named in-the schedule, (hut who are not named in the bill,) to-sell the premises, so as .aforesaid conyeyed to him in execution of the trust; that the debts mentioned in the schedule were due fromi MoKnight, the appellant, and John Stewart, who had been trading under the firm of McKnight and S.tewart, and .that no part of any of them had been paid. The bill further states that bWfore the execution of this deed, the -appellant had, on the,30th of A'pril, 1808, conveyed apart of the same premises to a certain Jacob Hoffman, in order to secure Thomas Janney, against his responsibility as endorser on' two notes discounted at the Bank of Alexandria and the Bank of Potomnae; and that the said notes hid' been long before paid, although the property had not been re-coidveyed to the appellant:' that McKnight was giving out that tie debts in the schedule had beei all paid, aid, threatened to withhold possession if the trustee-proceeded to sell "under the deed, and that from these declarations of the appellaht, and the outstanding legal title, the sale could not be made without injury to the interests'of the parties concerned, without the aid of the Court of Chancery; and prays proce"ss against the heirs of-Hoffman, (he -being dead,) and against McKnight and Stewart, and all of the creditors named in the schedule; and, among the rest, against George Johnson, in order that they may be compelled to appear and answ, the. several matters charged in thebill. A supplemental bill was afterwards filed, in order to make additional parties, and for other purposes; but in the view which the court take of this subject it is unnecessary to state its contents. The creditors secured by the deed of trust are eleven in number, their respective claims varying irr amount: the lowest being $85 72, and the higlhesi-S1227 19. The trustee, Robert . Taylor, is himself one, and the debt due -him stated to be $21-.54.-
To this bill Hugh -Smith, one of the creditors, whose debt'was $151, answered, saying merely'that his claim is still due.
James Carson, another of the creditorf" whose claim .was $85 72, answered and admitteathat he had been paid.
The heirs of Ioffman also answered, and admitted that the
notes intended to be secured by the conveyance.to their'father, had been -paid;.and submit themselves to such decree as -the court may deem just.
:The answer of lthe appellant, sr.-far as-it is material to set fqrth

JANUARY TERM, 1.843.

165

McKnight v. Taylor.

its contents, states that the claim of Thomas Janney and Co. which was $1022 69, was due upon open account, and that the respondent was eiititled .tda deduction of considerably more thian $ O for money overpaid by mistalie on the settlement. of. a former account, but thiat he cannot-find-a memorandum in writing to establish it, which he knows did once exist; and that after the 'execution of the deed of trust he transferred to Thomas Janney, on account of this debt, the note of a certain Jonathan Mandyille, for $467 08, due, on the 20th of January, 1815, which, from what .Janner himself afterwards told him, he believes to haver -been paid;'.and in respect to this Item, his answer is responsive -to .the bill He also specifies several creditors whose. claims he states 'that.he has pdid, and among them the trustee,. Robert I. Taylor, and he sets forth. the manner in which he satisfied that debt. ' Some of the creditors mentioned 4n the schedule are not, however, named in his answer; and he mentions three whom he admits that he has not paid, and makes th6 same- admission as to the small balance which would be due to Thomas Janney and Co.., after deducting the credits claimed by him as above stated; but he does not adiit that these debts are yet. due, and insists' ,that there is every ieason to believe that they were paid by his former partfier, Stewart, who was equally liable with hiinself;'or, if not paid, that it was owing to the negligence and laches of the" creditors in not proceeding against him; the respondent alleging that St ewart, after the dissolution of the partnership with him, removed to Martinsburg, in Virginia, ab6ut the yea 1812, *here he carried on a prosperous business until his death in 1825, and was fully able to pay these debts if the dreditors had used proper diligence to recover them; and he relies upon the lapse of time as a good defence upon principles of equity against this proceeding.
There is a'general-replication -to .this answer; and it appears
in evidence' that upon the dissolution of the partnership' of M9cKnight afid Stewart, in 1812, a notice of it'was published in the n6wspapers, stating that McKnight was authorized to collect the debts and settle the business of the concerri. And'a witnesswas also examined on the, part of tine complainant, who states,, *ihatfrom a perfect knowledge of the pecuniary situati'n of Stewart, from 1812, until his death,,he knows .that he was -insolvent-

166

SUPREME COURT.

McKnight v. Taylor.

when he removed from Alexandria to Martinsburg, and that he continued and died insolvent; that he had no property he could call his own, and out of which an old debt of $100 or $200 cbuld have.been made.
It also appears in evidence, that Thomas Tanney- and Co., on the 30th of April, 1823, assigned all their effects and claims to Joseph Janney, in trust to pay their debts. That by virtue of a provision contained in this deed of assignmen, Joseph Janney afterwards, on the 10th of August, 1829; renounced the further execution of the trust, and transferred all the'prop'ertF and claims that remained .n. his bands to George Johnson, in trust for the sane purposes fof which they had" been conveyed to him. And on the 14th of Tovember, 1837, after this till was filed, Johnson sold and assigned all the effects and claims which he then held as
trustee of Thomas Janny and Co., to John Lloyd, of Alexandria; and on the same day executed a power of' attorney in his favour, authorizing him to receive whatever might be recovered in ihis suit, or on any other claims of Thomas Janney and Co., and to compromise and settle them in any manner he might think proper. The consideration paid by Lloyd is"not stated, nor indeed does it appear by the assignment, that any consideration whatever was paid. The deed of assignment merely states that Johnson had sold these effects and claims to Lloyd, and authorizes
him to collect, compromise, and settle them. The -bill was taken pro confesso against all of thie creditors
wvho had n6 t appeared and answered, and the Circuit Court proceeded on final hearink to decree that. the appellant should pay 'the full amount of the debts'mentioned in the schedule, with interest, by a certain day specified in the decree, except those of Joseph Janney, John Leo, and James Carson, which were admitted to have been paid; and in default of payment by the day linited in the decree, the property was directed to be sold and the proceeds'applied to discharge the aforesaid debts.
This is the case in its material parts, as presented in the recor&. The oinission of the creditors to-appear 'and answer, upon which the bill as against them was taken-pro confesso, was not, of course, rpgarded by the Circuit Court as. establishing their claims. The decree, we presume, proceeded upon the ground that the creditors
mentioned in the schedule were entitled to the aid of the court

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

167

McKn'ight v. Taylor.

to enforce the payment.of the whole amount originally admitted to be due, unless the appellant could show by legal proofs that the debt had'been since discharged.
Now, of the eight creditors in whose -favour the decree was, made, five of them seem to have-takeh no concern in these proceedings, and for.aught that appears in the re.cord, may not have known that it was pending; certainly there is nothing to show that they ask or desire the interposition of-the court in the manner sought for by the bill. Of the remaining three, one has answered and stated that his claim is still due,'but does not ask for a sale, nor say any thing that sanctions, on his part, the proceedings of the trustee; and the trustee himself does not ground the bill upon his own claim, nor allege its nonpayment as the foundation of the suit, but places it entirely upon the notice and request of George Johnson and other creditors, and his own duty upon such an application to proceed to sell aceording to the provisions in the' deed of trust. But,,although the application is alleged to be made by other creditors, as well as George Johnson, yet no other creditor has appeared to claim the execution of the trust; and, as they were all made defendants and called to answer, and have refused, or neglected to appear, the bill under the provisions of the.deed must be regarded as founded exclusively uponthe application of the creditor named in it; and as instituted and conducted without the co-operation or request of any other creditor.
In relation to this claim, it appears' that nineteen years and three months were suffered to elapse, before, any application was made for the executioi of the tfust by which it had been secured. No reason is assigned for this.delay; nor is it alleged to have been occasioned in' any degree by obstacles-thrown* in -the way by the appellant. As. the record stands, it would seem to hae been the result of mere. negligence an-d laches. The original creditors were in business ten years after the deed was made, and five years after the expiration of the credit which it gave to McKnight and Stewart. 'And as theyk became insolvent in 1823, it must be presumed that in the last-mentioned period -they were themselves pressed for money. The property is, situated in the town of Alexandria, where the laws.of Virginia have been adopt.ed hy Congress; and the trustee, under these laws, had an undoubted right to sell, upon the applicti6n of any creditor, as soon

168

SUPREME COURT.

McKnight. v. 'Taylor

as default was made, without asking the'interposition of the Court of Chancery. Such delay, under such 6ircumstances, by the original creditors, followed by fourteen years more by the assignees who afterwards had charge of this claime, can perhaps hardly be accounted for without suppcrsing that this debt had been nearly; if not altogether, satisfied in the manner suggested in the answer of the appellant. If, indeed, the suit had been postponed a few months longer, twenty years would have expired, and in that case,,according to the whole current of authorities, the debts in the schedule would all have been presumed to be paid. But we do not found our judgment upon.the presumption of payment. For it is not merely on the presumption of payment, or in analogy to the statute of limitations, that a court of chaucery refuses to lend its did to stale demands. There must be conscience, good faith, "ani reasonable diligence, tocall ifito action the powers of the
Court. In.matters of account, where they are not barred by the act of limitations, courts of equity refuse to interfere after a considerable lapse of time, from considerations of public policy, and trom the difficulty of doing entiriejustice when the original.transactions have become obscure- by time, and. the evidence may be lost. The rule upon this subject must be.considered. as settled by the decision of this court in the case of Piatt v. Vattier, 9 Peters,; .416; and that nothing.can call a. court of eharcery into activity but conscience,.good. faith, and reasonable diligence and where these are wanting, the court is passive and -does nothing; and therefore, from the beginning. of equity jurisdiction, there was
-always a limitatjon jof suit in that court,. Itcertainly cannot be said that there,has been any thing 'ile
reasonable diligence by any of-tho creditrg in the case before us; and at this distance of times when-many.of the parties-originally concerned are dead,.we. snoul4'hardly, do justice between them if we required the appellant to. pay. the whole amount statedt. the schedule, unless he can establish the credits he claims by legal proofs. In fact, but bne of the creditor§ appears to have called for this proceeding, or to- have sanctioned the institution 'f this suit ana -the party' who now holds that .claim and seeks to enforce "it, has'obviously no equitable :ground upon wbieh 'he can ask for a relaxation of the rile in his favour. When the assignment was made to him he Jnew it was a -disputedclaim in actual

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

169

Bell etal. v. Bruen.

litigation at the time, which had been allowed to sleep for almost twenty years, and for which'it does. not even appear that he paid. any valuable consideration. And as-to all of the creditors named in the schedule, they had originally an easy and simple remedy in their own hands, to be used or not'at their own pleasure; and if they have suffered it t6 be lost by the lapse of time, their own negligence can give them-no right to call into action the powers of the Court of.Chancery.
The decree of the Circuit Court must therefore be reversed, and the bill dismissed with-costs.

-. ORDER.
This cause came on*to be heard *onthe transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the- United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Alexandria, and was argued by 'counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and decreed by this -court,that the decree of the'said Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is .hereby re-. versed,'with'costs; and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the -said. Circuit Court, with directions to dismissthe bill of the complainant with costs.

1isrs C; BELL AND ROBERT GRANT, PLAINTiFFs IN "ERROR,V. MAT-" THXAs BREN.

A letter of guarantee, written in the United States, and addressed to a house in

England, must be construed according io-the la'ws of that country.

Extrinsic evidence'may be used to ascertain the true impori of such an agree-

ment, and its construction is matter of law for the court. -

'In bonds, with conditions 'or the 'pertormance of duties, preceded by recitals,

the undertaking, although general in -its terms, is limited by the recital.

Commercial letters are not to be construed upoi the sarie- principles as bonds,

but ought to receive a fair and reasonable interpietation according to the

true import of the terms; to what is fairly to be presumed to have been the

·understanding of the parties; and the presumption is to be ascertained from

the fa6ts' and circumstances accompanying the entire transaction.

The court will not*express an opinion upon a-matter of defence which.was not

-brought to the consideration of theicqurt below.

VOL. .- 22

P

SUPREME COURT.
JOHN BUCHANNON AND OTHERS, COMPLAINANTS, V. EDWIN UPSHAW, RESPONDENT.
(Mr. Chief Justice TixqEy did not sit in this cause.)
There were. two titles to a tract of land, the senior title held by Upshaw, and the junior by Buckner, both derived from the same person who had sold to both.
Buckner soon afterwards sold to Buchannon, who paid Buckner and took possession.
Upshaw subsequently agreed to ratify the sale fromln the original holder to Buck-. ner, upion receiving an assignment of-Buckner's bond for the purchase money, not yet due, and other securities.
The bond not being paid, Upshaw brought an ejectment and obtained a judg-ment. Buckner's assignees filed a bill to obtain a perpetual injunction.
There is a7privity of contract between them and Upshaw, and a perpetual injunction will be granted upon their fulfilling the obligations of Buckner, their assignor; it was not their duty, under the circumstances,,to have tendered the money to Upsh aw.
A power in Buckner to resell, and a sale made under that power, prior to Upshaw's giving his assent to the sale from the original holder to Buckner himself, did not extinguish the equitable right of Upshaw to reteive the purchase money, or to proceed against the land.
Upshaw's right not destroyed by lapse of time, because he had brought suit on Buckner's bond andthe other securities, and was not in a condition for a long time to make a valid title.
Upshaw, being held bound by his. assent to the sale to Buckner, is entitled to the advantage which that paper gave him as to the application of part of the purchase money to one purchase in preference to another.
Interest must begin to run from the time when Upshaw asserted his claim to .the land, and what is due.to Upshaw must be made up by the present holders of the land, each one contributing in proportion to the price which he paid to Buckner.
THIs was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Ohio, sitting as a court of chancery.
The case was this,: John Buchannon and others filed a bill in the Circuit Court of Ohio against Upshaw, stating that Upshaw had obtained a judgment in an action of ejectment against them, and praying for two things: 1. That he, Upshaw, might be perpetually enjoined from proceeding in execution upon said judgment; and, 2. That he might be compelled to convey by deed in fee simple, the land

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

57

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

whicl had' been the subject of the suit in ejectment. The Circuit Court, after various proceedings,* decreed that the injunction which had been temporarily granted, restraining Upshaw from suing out executions upon his judgment in ejectment, should be dissolved; that the bill should be dismissed, and that Buchannon and others should pay"to Upshaw a certain -sum of money for the rents and profits, after deducting the value of the improvements made upon the land. From this-decree an appeal was taken to this court.
On the llth of December, 1789, Beverly Roy obtained from the commonwealth of Virginia'a patent for one thousand acres of land in the Virginia military district of Ohio, and within Clermont county.- 'He sold three hundred acres-of this tract to one Buchannon, and contracted to convey the remaining seven hundred (the land in controversy in the present suit) to Lyne Shackleford.
-On the 10th April,,1797, Shackl'eford sold thistract of seven hundred acres to Upshamw, the defendant in the present appeal; but not having the legal title in-himself at that time; he procured it to-be made .directly from Roy to Upshaw, without passing through himself. On the 20th of July, 1797, Roy accordingly executed a conveyance to Upshaw for these seven hundred acres, and also a bond .for further assurance.
On the 16th November, 1797, Shackleford, being thus destitute of the legal title, nevertheless sold -to'Philip Buckner, the same tract of seven hundred acres which he had previously sold to Upshaw. It was alleged in the bill that this sale was made with Upshaw's consent, but no evidence of it was furnished, excepi that .in the contract 'of 1801 his consent is stated to be given- 'at some time prior to 1801. At the same time, Shackleford sold also to Buckner another tract of'one thousand acres. The price for both tracts was RlO0d, without saying what was the sum for each tract. No part 'bf it was to be paid 'in cash. A bond of
Anderson for e6oo held by Buckner was assigned to Shackleford; a claim against Coats fir X250 was also assigned over; and for the balance Shackleford agreed to Wait until Buckner sold the one thousand. seven hundred acres, provided he sold-it prior to January, 1799; if not, payment to be then made, or sooner if Buckner should sell,
In 1-798 and 1799, Buckner sold to the complainants, or to those VOL. I.-8

58

SUPREME COURT.

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

under whom they claim, in several parcels, the whole of the seven hundred acres in question, Who paid him in full therefor, received conveyances, and entered into possession.
On the lsth "ofApril, 1861,.Upshaw, having made some payments to Shackleford, entered into a new contract with him, which: was endorsed on the'original one, stating "that since the date of the within, Shackleford had, with the consent 6f Upshaw, sold the seven hundred acres of land to Buckner for e420, which sum is still due;" and it was agreed that Shackleford should assign
Buckner's contract to Upshaw,'who was to make a deed as soon as the money should be paid. But if,. upon application, Buckner did not pay the said sum of money and interest, Upshaw was immediately to take proper steps to,have the land sold to raise the money and interest.
*On the 16th of May, IS03, Shackleford assigned to Upshaw the contract between Shackleford and Buckner, and authorized Upshaw to receive from Buckner the balance due on the same, amounting on that day to e530 9s., having previously assigned the claim upon Coatses bond, and an order which Buckner had -given upon one Copland, the. attorney who was charged with its collection. The result of that claim may be stateil in a few words. Suit was brought in thb Circuit Court of the United States. at Richmond; by John Marshall, in 1.798, against Coats: there was a judgment, a ca. sa., another ca. sa.; and, finally, it got into chancery against' Coats's widow and children. The plaintiff at last gave -iutp in 1820.
Upshaw made more than one effort to obtain the noney from Buckner, which Was due under the contract assigned by Shackleford. In April, 1804, he empowered John I. Upshaw, who -was gding to Kentucky, to receive from Buckner the sum due on his contract-,, and on the payment of the money, the agent was authorized to make.A-deed.
The agent called on Buckner, who expressed much anxiety to comply with his contract, and induced" the agent to remain some days, in the hope, of raising the money. But he failed to pay any part of it. The a.gent, after authorizing JohnO'Bannon to receive the money from Buckner, and make him a. deed, returned to Virginia.
Up.haw drew an order on John O'Bannon in April, 1807;for

JANUkRY TERM. 1843.

59

achannon" et al. .v. Upshaw.

the money, which was returned protested for ion-acceptance. O'Bannon shortly after this died, and in the year 1813,;or 1814, Upshaw obtained from his representatives the as'igned contract of Btckner, which had been left with him, and on which was' endorsed a credit for $100 on the I0th April, 1805, and another for the same amount, 18th April, 1806. On obtaining the contract, Upshaw catsed an action to be brought on it against Buckner f6r the money. The suit being brought in the name of Upshaw, as iissignee of Shackleford, there was a demurrer to the declaration; and at May. term, 1815, the Circuit Court of the United States for Kentucky sustained the demurrer, and the action failed.
Shortly after.this, Upshaw commenced an action of ejectment, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Ohio, against Buchannon and others, who occupied the land, to recover possession of it, which, at May term, 1816, failed, on the ground that the patent emanated from the state of Virginia, shbsequently to the deed of cession from Virginia to the United States; and of course Upshaw was only invested with the equitable title to
the land. In August, 1817, Roy and wife executed another deed to Up-
shaw for the land, in compliance with the covenant 'for further
assurance, which he had entered into in 1797. Some short time prior to December; 1820, 'Buckner died. His
.will, made in February, 1817, contains bequests of real estate and some small legacies of personalty. The executor filed two accounts, one in 1822,'and the other in. 1823, the latter showing
a balance'in the hands of the executor of $50 18 cent. It does not appear that any of his real estate was required to be sold to
pay debts. In 1826, Upshaw obtained from the United States a patent
for the seven hundred acres. In 1829, he brought another ejectment, in the Circuit Court of
the United States for the- district of Ohio, against Buchannon and others, occupiers of the land, and having nosy a patent from the United States, succeeded in obtaining judgment; upon which, Buchannon and others filed a bill upon the equity side of thesame court, and obtained an injunction to stay proceedings. This is the bill mentioned in the commencement of this narrative,

60

SUPREME COURT.

Buchannon et al. 'v. Upshaw.

which, upon hearing, was dismissed by the Circuit Court, and the injunction dissolved; and the case now'came up by an appeal frQrn that decree.
The proceedings in this case were diversified in its history-, by two collateral chancery suits, one*by John H. Upshaw against E. Upshaw, and another by D. Upshaw 4gainst Chamberlayne, the executor of Shackleford; but as the decision of this case does not rest upon any of the 'facts or principles disclosed in them, they are not further notived.

Stan&berry and Leonard,for the appellants.
L Roy, the original owner of the equitable title to the seven. hundred acres, sold the land to Shackleford. Shackleford, on the 10th April, 1797, sold the land to Upshaw by title bond,. covenanting to make a deed. Afterwards, on the 16th July, 1797, Shackleford again sold the land to Buckner, by-title bond, received a part of the purchase money, and agreed to wait for the residue until the money could be raised by a resale by Buckner.
In this state of facts the equity to' be then administered between the then parties was obvious. Upshaw, as the first purchaser of the equitable title; was to be prieferred to Buckner, although he may have purchased from Shackleford without notice. I The rule priorin tempore,.potior in jure,would then have applied, for there was no laches, acquiescence, or fraud charge. able to Upshaw.
Next in order was the resale by Buckner to the complainants, the payment in full to Buckner, execution of "deeds by Buckner to the purchasers, and the taking possession of the lands by the purchasers.
Notwithstanding all this, at that point of time, so far. as any fact is yet developed, Upshaw's equity was the best. He stood then upon his first purchase of this equity. The subsequent sale by Shackleford to Buckner was in fraud of his title, and he had given no authority for such subsequent sal6, and .stood wholly unaffe6ted by it.
-Butafter all this, on the 18th April, 1801, Upshaw euters into communication with Shackleford, the fraudulent vendor, and they enter into an agreement under seal, in which itis recited, that-the

YANUARY TERM, 1843,

61

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

sale made by Shackleford to Buckner, had been made with Upshaw's*consent; they cancel the prior agreement which witnessed the first sale from Shackleford to Upshaw; and'Shacldeford agrees to assign to Upshaw the contract with Buckfier, and to authorize him Io receive the money due from Buckner; that is, the £420, with interest at 5 per cent.
In conformity with this arrangement, on the 7th May, .1803, Shackleford delivered to Upshaw, Buckner's. order-on Copland for the Coats money; and on the 16th of the same month assigns to Upshaw the cofitract with Buckner. and on the 17th of the same month, Upshaw releases Shackleford from the contract in which he had made the first.sale to Upshaw.
After all this, there remains no questionbetween different equities. The prior equitable title of Upshaw was extinguished. He could no longer assert his prior equitable title as superior to that of Buckner, but must stand int the shoes of ShacklePord, and recognise the equity of Buckner. The bill alleges that Shackleford made the. second sale to Buckner with Upshaw's coisent; Upshaw denies any prior consent, but says he assented to it qualifiedly afterwards. I do not know that-it makes much difference, as to the extinguishment of his prior equitable title, whether the assent wag prior or subsequent to the second sale; but as the proof stands, the prior consent is established beyond all denial. He has acknowIdged under his seal; that Shackleford had made the sale with his consent, and that stops him from saying the contrary..
And again, if the consent to the second sale, whether prior or subsequent, did not extinguish Upshaw's. prior -equity, it is extinguished by express release in thb agreement between himself and Shackleford of the 17th May, 1803.
Upshaw, therefore, must stand upon the contract between Shackleford and Iguckner. He must stand ag the assignee of the vendor to Buckner.
Let us now examine that.contract, and ascertain what interest passed by it to Buckner, or upon a resale .by him to these complainants, and what interest remained in the vendor.
At the date of this contract, the legal title to this seven hundred acres was in the Urnited States., A patent had been granted for it by the state of Virginia to Roy, the warrantee,, but it
F

62

SUPREME C.OURT,

B-cmiannon et aL v. Upshaw.

was wholly inoperative, being made years after the deed of cession.
The subject-matter of sale ,was, therefore, an equitable interest in land. This interest passed effectually to Buckner by a written contract, sufficient to satisfy the statute of frauds; and this, notwithstanding the -purchase-money was not paid. Hampson v.
Edelen, 2 Har. and Johns. 64. It passed in the same manner upon the sale by Bucknei to the complainants.
What:'remained in the vencior, 'Shaclkleford, or in Upshaw, his assignee? No title, no interest in the land. If any thing remained, it was simply a lien for the unpaid purchasemoney, as against Buckner,'while thie land remained, unsold by him.
Twenty-nine years after this sale to Buckner, Upshaw, pre-
tending to be the owner of this equitable title,[obtained a patent from the United States. If he had, at the ime he so procured the patent; no title to the land, and no lien upon it for the purchase-
money, the consequence is irriesistible that he holds it as trustee for the real owner.
I have shown he had no title to the land. Let us now inquire
.if he had a lien upon it. The lien of the vendor for his unpaid purchase-money
arises as well upon the sale of an equitable interest as upon a conveyance of the legal title. It is, a creature of equitr raised between the immediate parties to the contract, and sustained only against subsequent purchasers when affected with notice "ofit.
There is no other lien or charge upon an estate so shadowy and so little obvious as this lien of the vendor. If is never to be found of record; it does not depend upon possession'pf the estate or the muniments of the title. It is not sustained by any matter of constructive notice, but onl - exists as to third persons fixed with actual iotice.
The essence of this lien is that the vendor looks to the land alone for the money, or the land and the purchaser
If he takes cobateral security, such .as the note of a third person, or if he takes simply a mortgage on the land for only a part of the.purchase-money, or if he does any other act manifestht.ive of an intention to look primarily to any other fund than the land,

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

63

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

·the lien never arises. Or when the lien has first attached, if he assigns the note of the vendee, ar if he is guilty of laches, the lien is gone.
We claim no lien ever existed upon this land in favour of Shackleford, or Upshaw, his assignee.
1. Because the contract of sale looks to a resale, and to the fund arising upon such resale, as the fund for payment, and does not look to the land.
Shackleford agrees to wait for the unpaid purchase-money until Buckner should sell the land.- The moment the land is sold the purchase-money becomes due; but, if it is not sold, the purchase-money does not become payable until fourteen months after the date of the contract.
Whenever the contract contains such consent to a resale, and looks to-the fund to be produced on-a resale, there is no lien on the land. Sugd. Vend. 552. Ex parte Parker, Glyn and Jam. 228. Coad v. Pollard, 9 Price, 544; 10 Price, 109.
We do not pretend that Buckner was the agent of Shackleford in making the resale, and that, therefore, payment to him was payment to his principal. We.do not put this as a case between principal and attorney. The simple question is, after such a con-' tract, after such an agreement, after a saleto a third person, and payment in full by that third person, can the vendor say to the" new purchaser, "You have paid "yourimmediate.vendor just as I agreed you should, and I took his.covenant. . I relied upon his' faith to pay me the money; but he has not done so, and I now require that the loss shall fall upon you and not upon me, and that you shall now pay me again for the same land which I con-sented you should first pay for to another!"
Now, putting the case in the strongest light for Upshaw,_placing him in the situation of a vendor, not the mere assignee of the vendor, investing him with a legal title retained upon the sale to Buckner, yet, is it not clear, that a court of equity 'vould compel him at once to convey that legal title to the second venden. who had fully paid his purchase-money?
Whenever the holder 6f a legal title encourages a purchaser to deal with another for his estate, or invests another person with the means of imposing upon others as the true owner, or is silent when a purchaser isdealing with another for his estate, a court

64

SUPREME COURT.

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

of equity will never allow him afterwards to assert that legal title against the purchaser
In a court of equity, when the conscience of the party is notaffected, the holding of the legal title is every thing. A satisfied mortgage, an outstanding term, a deed surreptitiously obtained, are equally .available but, where in reference to third, persons the conduct of the holder of the legal title has been such as that it would be inequitable to assert it against the holder of the equitable title, then a legaltitle is no protection. .1 P. Williams, 393; 3 Russel, 1; Sugd. Vend. 728; Finch's Rep. 28.
It is said the complainants were bound to know what sort of title Bucknef had, that they must be taken to know that he held only by contract andhad not paid his-vendor.
Take it as granted, and suppose them to have had notice of the very article under which Buckner held, and what then? What is the language there held by Shackleford ? "I consent that, in order to raise a fund to par me what is yet due, you may sell this land to others; they are to pay for the land to you, not to me, and you are "topay it to me. I look, not to the land, but to the fund which i& to come in place of the land, and I trust you to receive and par it over to me. I giare you fourteen months to pay the money, if you do not sboner sell the land; but the moment you sell it, if it be to-morrow, you are to take the money you receive and out of-it pay.me my debt."
We say, therefore, because of this clause of resale, there was no lien on the land.
II. Lien lost by laches. But, if there was a lien for the purcha~e-money after the sale to the complainants, we next claim that it was lost long ago by laclies of Upshaw. We have shown that Upshaw stood, not as vendor, but simply as his assignee of the debt due for the purchase.-money. He was once connected with this land as a purchaser; but we have shown that he released the interest s6 acquired to Shdckleford, and agreed to take a certain sum of money instead of the land. He had, therefore, in fact, only a money claim. The land was never his, nor intended to become hiz. We take it as granted, in this view of the case, that he might look to the land as security or means of payment, but he had

JANUARY TERM, 184.

.. 65

B uchannon et al. v. Upshaw."

other security, the 'money due from Coats for a part, and the re-

sponsibility of Buckner for the whole. Time and laches would

bar him of all these'securities. The debt was the principal thing,

the lien on the land the mere incident. Time woild bar the

debt. It would be most singular that after a lapse of thirty years,

we should find not only this debt y6t valid, but the mere collate-

ral lien which attended it also in full vigour. It woul .require

sleepless vigilance to bring that about. Instead of this, there has

-been, so far at least as the lien is concerned, the most culpable

negligence.

The Coats bond covered only part of the debt, 4250 out bf

A420; for the difference, .170, Upshaw could look only to Buck-

ner or the land. Nothing' appears to show that any, step was

taken by Upshaw on the Coats claim. A suit'had been brought

upon it in 1798, three years before he became the assignee of

Shackleford. Judgment was refidered on-it in 1800, and the

writ of ca:sa. had been in that year returned, not found. The

original suit had been commenced by capias, bail given, but no

suit appears even to have been brought on the bail bond. An

alias ca. sa. in 1801, never returned, is the last step taken upon

the judgment. For the nine succeeding years no step is taken.

On the 4th January, 1809, B.uckner takes the matter in hand, and

gives a power of attorney to Marshall to collect the money from

Coats. In 1810, a bill is filed, in Buckner's name, against Coats's

representatives, to set aside a fraudulent settlement, which is con-

tinued for ten years, and then dismissed upon the default of the

plaintiff, December, 1820.

There is no evidence of the slightest action of Upshaw in these

proceedings, nor is any thing of the sort Stated in the answer.

The only statement in the answer is, that the suit against Coats "was diligsiniy prosecuted." It is not said by whom. We

have seen,-.however, how diligently.

Then as to the claim on Buckner. The steps takeeh by Buck-

ner are the following:

In-April, 1804, (three years after the. assignment from Shackle-

ford,) Upshaw sent by John H. Upshaw to demand the money.

It vas not paid, and the claim was put by John H. Upshaw in

the hands of O'Bannon for collection, who received $200 from

Buckner, but'did nothing more.

"

.YOL. I.--9

P 2.

66

SUPREME COURT.

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

In December, 1805, Upshaw assigned z500 of the Btickner debt to John H. Upsha-w, and, gave him an order on O'Bannon, April 1, 1807, to receive the money if collected. This'order was protested for nonpayment. Nothing further is done for seven years; until February, 1814, when Upshaw commences a suit, in his own name, against Buckner, on the Shacklefoid contract. Buckner-demurred to declaration; on the ground that the actioh should have been brought in Shackleford's name, and the de-" murrer was sustained, and judgment upon it against Upshaw at May term, 1815. This was the'.end of all vigilance as to Buck-' ner, who lived until 1820, and thnn died possessed of large real and personal s.ztate. His estate has since been settled, and'it appears it was riot necessary to sell ,his real estate to pay his delbts.
This is the sum total of vigilance asto Coats and Buckner, showing the Inosf tardy proceedings, and those defeated by the gross ignorance of Upshaw's agents.
Now it would be strange if all this delay has not wholly defeatedl all prospect. of a recovery, of either the Coats claim, or the debt against Buckner. In all probability the Kentucky sta:tute has long since barred an action in favour of Shackleford or Buckner; or, if there be no limitation in that state as to specialty debts, as we believe is thd case, the presumption of payment is conclusive. And the Virginia statute has barred the action against Coats's bhil, or against the sheriff for failing to return the last ca. sa. 0r,. if there was no bar by limitation or presump- tion, the assets of Coats and Buckner are beyond the reach of their creditors. One has been dead nearly forty years, theother (Buckner) twenty-two years.
With what conscience can Upshaw, after all this delay aid loss, seek to make these purchasers from Buckner again pay for their iands? If he had come forward in good time, they undoubtedly might have reimbursed themselves, by action against Buckner, either upon the covenants i4 his -deed or (by subrogation) on the contract with Shackleford ;. but as-it is, his negligence has put'that. beyond reasonable probability.
But if Upshaw had been vigilant against Coats and Buckner,. 'it is no excuse for his laches as.against these complainants. He did kiow, as early as i799, that these complainants were in possession of these lands, claiming and improving them as their own.-

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

67

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

Now in 1815, he was pursuing Buckner for the money; and up to 1820 the suit in chancery was going forward- as to the Coats claim. He till considered the contract as open, and never makes any demand of these complainants. In 1.818, he seeks to turn them out of possession by an action of ejectment. He d6es not ask them for the money. He does not exhibit his right to receive it; but demands their land, and when he comes to show his right to that, he exhibits nothing but a void patent.
He then lies by for eight years, until 1826, a ifd obtains a patent from the United States by means of his deed from Roy the warrantee, which deed was obtained in confirmation of a contract which le bad released and rescinded; and at last'in 1829, after these complainants had been in peaceable possessioh, to his knowleage, for. thirty years, he brings his last ejectment, and seeks to turn them off the land.
Now, so far as his right to make these complainants pay him Buckner's' debt is concerned, there has been no, demand for thirty years, and in the mean time, in consequence of his laches, these complainants have lost all chance, of indemnity from Buckner.
Such laches will bar not only a mere equitable lien" for purchase-money, which is the most that Upshaw ever had, but in equity it would bar a legal title, especiallyone obtained from i mere trustee, under circumstances like-the present.
The rule priorIn tempore,does not apply where the.holder of the first equity is guilty of laches: Sug. Vend. 728, 729.
We claim, therefore, that Upshaw is not entitled to demand the Buckner dt'bt from the complainants. If he is entitled to any relief against the coinplainants, it is only to that. But the decree of the Circuit Court goes quite beyorld that, and gives him the land itself, and, in addition, a sum 6f money for rents and profits larger than the Buckner debt, principal and interest!
,This part of th decree proceeds upon the idea that he sold this land-that he stands as vendor-his purchase-money unpaidguilty of no laches; and that these complainants, as purchasers, have *refusedto pay him their puirchase-money, or have wrongfully delayed it so long, that he can rescind it, and take back his land. I have already shown the gross laches on his part, sogross, that if he was the immediate vendor of the complainants,,

68

'.UPREME COURT.

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

and they had agreed to pay him the purchase-money, he could not recover it, but it would long ago have been barred, or presumed to be paid.
But the complainants, what have they done to lose their land to Upshaw ?
He is not their vendor. He is (as has been shown) the mere assignee of a'debt, never looking to this land but as a means of securing its payment. He has never demanded payment of them. With full knowledge, he allowed them to go on for thirty years, wasting the best of their lives in reclaiming this land ftom the wilderness. They have been guilty of no laches-bf no bad faith. They say in'their bill that they were in total ignorance of his claim, or of any defect in their title, until he recovered against them in the last ejectment; andlall this Upshaw admits in his answer. '.They%never refused to pay the. Buckner debt, for it was never demanded of them.
And if they had refused, that refusal would not have prejudiced them; but they still would have -saved their land, by applicatiori to equity. That debt was not of their contracting. It was res inter alios. They had a right to have it fully sifted in this court. No one can doubt this.
Again. If it were the case of. vendor and vendee, before the vendor can count time and laches against the vendee, and go for a rescission, he must show himself ready and able to comply with his contract. Wilson v. Tappan, 6 0. Rep. 175.
Upshaw could not aemand either money or land, until 1826, for he could never before that day make a title. And up to this moment he cannot perform that very contract, with which he is connected as assignee-the contract between Shackleford and Buckner. If these complainants are to pay the purchase-money for Buckner, they can only be asked to, do so upon having the benefit of that contract and a performance from the other party. Shackleford stipulates to make Buckner a warrantee deed, and that deed Upshaw has not yet produced. If Shackleford is dead, we must have such a deed from his representatives as binds his estate. Upshaw's deed will not satisfy the contract. We do not know what he may have done to encumber the title, or how safe we would be with his warrantee. We are-not bound to take it as of course.

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

69

Buchannon.et aL v. Upshaw.

Further, before Upshaw could rescind the contract and' take

th6 land, he must place us, as Buckner's assignees, in statu quo.

He must give us the claim on Coats; he must transfer to us the

claim on Buckner, and he -must pay back to us the money he

received from Buckner.

Lastly. The contract for the one thousand seven ·hundred

acres is one; it must be rescinded in toto, or not at all; and as to

the,one thousand acres itcan never be rescinded, for. that part of

it is performed.

III..If the court require the complaibants to pay the Buckner

debt' a question arises, whether a pro rata allowance be made for the £600 paid by the Anderson bond.
It is clearly right to allow that credit. Shackleford sold to

'Buckner two tracts as one, for an entire consideration pf X1020. The contract speaks of the tw6 tracts; that is, the 'tract of.bne thousand acre s,-and of seven hundred -acres, "as the one thou-

sand seven hundred acres." There- is no price fixed for one as

distinct from the other; the sale is in solido. The R600 is paid

and endorsed generally upon the contract.. No application was

made to one of the tracts by the parties at the time of the payment. Indeed, without the concurrence of both the parties, such special application coild not be made. The contract did not

admit it, for here was no case of two debts, or of two- tracts of

land, with distinct-sums due for each. There was but one debt,

due for two'tracts of land, sQld as.one.

IV. As to the rents and profits and improvements.

If the court are of opinion that Upshaw is entitled to the land,

the remaining question is upon that part of the decree .of the

Circuit Court which.touches the allowance to be made to Upshaw

for rents, and to the complainants fdr improvements.

The decree gives to the complainants theirimprovements made

up to theyear 181.8, without interest i and to Upshaw.the annual

rents and interest from 1818 to 1840, by which, in addition to the.

land, now worth from $15,000 to $20,000, -Upshaw recovers a

dearee against the complainants for .$4762 30, -beinga little more

than the balance due upon the Buckner debt!,

-

We claim the true rule to be, to allow improvements up to the

time of bringing. the ejectment. upon whibh- the land was reco-

vered, and to charge rents from that time.

SUPREME COURT.
Buchannon et a]. v. Upshaw.
This is according to the rule fixed by the occupying claimant law of Ohio.
It is said that law does not apply to this case, as the title of the complainants is.not adverse to that of Upshaw.
It is shown that the complainants took the possession under a claim of the fee, having paid their vendor in full, and taken a conveyance'in: fee. They did not hold in subordination to any one. Their possession was therefore adverse. Jackson v. Ellis, 13 Johns. 118. The occupying claimant law, therefore, furnishes a rule of adjustment which this court will follow. Bank of Hamilton v. Dudley's lessee, 2 Peters, 526.
Morehead and Cox argued for the appellee upon the following grounds.
The appellants have not sustained by proof the material allegations in their bill.
1. The appellants in their bill charge that Shackleford was.authorized by the appellee to sell the land to Buckner; the answer negatives the allegation, and there is no proof contradicting the answer.
2. The appellee, however, admits that in 1800 he gave his -conditional assent to that sale;.and if the condition had been complied with on the part of Buckner, his assent would in equity be construed as having relation back to the time of Shacklefords contract with Buckner, and have bound him to convey-the land. The conditions on which his assent to that contract was obtained are,. Shackleford -agreed to assign him, the contract made with Buckner, and give him full power and authority to receive from "Buckner the .4420 then due for the land, with interest thereon, at the-rate of 5 per cent. per annum, from the 1st day of December, 1797, till, paid, and Buckner was to pay him the money thus due; and, on those conditions being complied with, the appellee assented to the sale, and bound himself to convey the -land to Buckner.
S. The conditions on' the. agreement to perform which the assent of the appellee was obtained, as aforesaid, so far as the same were to have been performed by Shackleford, were never performed by him until the 16th of May, 1803. Until those conditions were performed by Shackleford, the appellee had no

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

71

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

power or authority to apply to either Buckndr or CoAts for payment, or-to receive and receipt for the purchase-money, if the same had. been tendered to him. The written order on Copeland, which Buckner gave to Shackleford, to which we have already referred, was never transferred by Shackleford 'to the appellee;. so that the appellee never had any thing to do with the collection of Coats's bond, or any authority to receive the money-due thereon, h;d it been collected.
4. That part of the condition, namely, the payment of the ze420, with ihterest, &c., which was to have been performed by Buckner, has never been'performed, either by him or by any other person.for him. The payments credited -on the contract letween Shackleford and Buckner, while the 'same remained in possession of O'Bannon, were never received by the appellee.
O'Bannon fiad no 'authority from the appellee to receive from
Buckner partial payments on the contract. His authority was limited and confined to the receipt of the entire sum due and the delivery of the deed. The allegation in the appellant's bill, that O'Bannon was duly authorized by John HI. Upshaw. whom they charge was invested -with power of substitution, to receive from Buckner partial payments on said contract, is positively denied by the appellee in his answer, and that denial is fully sustained by the depositions of John .H. Upshaw and *thereceipt given by him to the appellee,-for the said original contract left with 0'Ban-. non, and power- of attorney dated April 4, 1804, to which the court is r.espectfully referred. From that denial, and those depositions and receipts, we. draw these conclusions: 1st. That the appellee executed.a deed to Buckner, as, an escrow, and placed the same in the hands of his agent, John H. Upshaw, for the purpose of being delivered to Buckner, upon the. receipt from -him of the R530 9s., the.purchase-money then due on the land. 2d. That, for the purpose of avoiding any difficulty with "Buckner respecting the conveyance of said land, the appellee emppwered his said agent; on the receipt of the said purchase-money, to execute to Buckner such other or further conveyance or assurance as might be deemed necessary, in, order to invest in Buck-. ner a:'perfect title. 3d. That said -agent was not empowered to receive partial payments on said contract, but was limited and confined to the receipt of-the entire sum due. The words in the.

72

SUPREME COURT.:

Buchannon et aL v. Upshaw.

power referred to in said receipt are, "and .to receive of said Buckner the sum of five hundred and thirty pounds," &c., "for the above land." *The appellee was willing to confirm the contract upon being paid the entire sum due, but not otherwise. He was not,-by the receipt of partial payments, willing to extend the time of.payment of the residue to an indefinite period. 4th. That said agent was.not, by his principal) invested with power of substitution. This is inferrible from the fact that no such power is referred to in the receipt which he gave to his principal. 5th. That the power given to said agent by his principal does not contain, as charged in the appellant's bill,.a clause authorizing him to receive any balance that might be due on said contract, if any was due. 6thi. What the power given by said agent to O'Bannon was not greater than said agent himself possessed; for said agent deposes and says, "I certainly did not consider myself authorized to tender Bucknera title iuntil the money was paid,-and I certainly did not give to O'Bannon a power greater than the one possessed by myself." And, 7th. That O'Bannon was not the attorney of the appellee for the purposes charged in the- appellant's bill. If these conclusions are sustained by the premises, i results that O'Bannon had no power derived, from the appellee to receive partial payments on the contract, and that the credits endorsed on said contract by him must be laid out of the case. The onus of sustaining O'Bannon's authority to receive partial payments rests with the appellants, and they have totally failed in proving the truth of their allegation. The credits endorsed on the contract refer to receipts.given to Buckner. The'appellants claim under Buckner; why, then, if those payments were made on said contract by the authority of the appellee, do not the appellants produce those receipts, and the authority, granted to O'Bannon, authorizing him to receive those partial payments? 'The appellants have presented no valid excuse for their non-prodifction;. and the very fact of keeping back those documents, if such really exist, raises a .suspicion that all was not right, and that, if they were protuced, they would prove -the allegations in their bill to be untrue. The two payments endorsed without the authority of the appellee must,.therefore, we respectfully submit, be laid out of the case.
The X 600, the proceeds of Anders6n,'s bond, was applied in

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

75

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

payment of the money'.due by Buckner to Shachleford on the one thousand acres of land surveyed for Javin Miller, and which

was sold by the latter to the former, as aforesaid, and no part of. that sum was applied in payment of the lands in question. This

position is sustafiied from the following facts and'circumstances:

1st. Shackleford, at thetime he contracted with Buckner, was

invested with the equitable" title to this one thousand, acres, but

he was not invested with either the equitable or legal title to the

seven hundred acres of land in question, and it is therefore rea-

sonable to infer that -he applied that-sum to the payment of the

debt due to himself.

2d. ;e600 was the precise sum which was to be paid by Buck-

ner to Shackleford for that one thousand acres of land.

3d. In 1803, Shackleford procured Chamberlayne, the patentee

of said one thousand acres of land, to- execute a *0eed of con-

veyance for the same to Buckner, and the said deed and the

patent which Chamberlayrne had obtained for -the land were after--

wards transmitted to Buckner, by the hands of. the appellee or

his agent, John H. Upshaw. Would Shackleford have done that

if any portion of the purchase-money still remained due to him

by Buckner?

4th. When Shackleford, in 1800, first informed the appellee

that he had sold to Buckner the seven hundred acres of land in

question, and agreed to-assign to him'the contract he had made

with Buckner, he stipulated with him that the entire purchase-

money was 'till due for the land by Buckner.

5th. When Shackleford, in 1803, assigned to the appellee 'the

contract he "had made.with Buckner, (for the sale to him of the

lands in question,) he covenanted with the appellee that there

was then due by Buckneri on said"contract, the sum of e53O 99.

6th. When John H. Upshaw, as agent of the appellee, after-

war4s called -upon -Buckner for payment, he 'acknowledged that

the 'entire sum was due, and promised to make payment in some

short time, if said ageit would wait ' The said agent did wait,

as requested, but' no payments were made to him by-Buckner. -

We therefore assume it as an indisputable fact, that.no part of

the purchase-money. for the.lands in, question was ever paid by

-Buckne, either *6Shackleford or to the appellee, or to any'other

person authorized by the appellee to receive -and receipt for the

VOL. I.-10 '"

G

-74

SUPREME COURT.

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

-same. No money .was ever collected, either by Shackleford or the appellee, on Coats's bond. The defence successfully made by Buckner in. the Circuit Court of Kentucky to the action brought by the appellee, as assignee, to recover the purchasemoney due on the land, evinced a determination on his part not toperform the contract -he had made.with Shackleford, and, by that unequivocal.act, the appellee had a right to declare- the con.tract at an end, and no further obligatory on him; and he did so
declare it, and immediately thereafter commenced an action of *ejectment in the seventh Circuit Court of the United States, district of Ohio, against the -tenants in possession, who claimed to have derived their title under Buckner. To that action, the appellants, or the persons under whom they claim, were admitted as. defendants,.and, on trial,' a verdict and .judgment were rendered in their favour, on -the ground that the appellee, who was. the lessor of the plaintiff, was. ofily invested with the equitable title, under and in virtue of ihe .deed to, him from Roy, which Was based on a patent granted to him by thecommonwealth of Virginia, -which bore date subsequent to the date of the deed-of cession-froM Virginia to the United States. Being thus defeated in every'attempt made by him, first, to recover the money for which the land had been sold. by Shackleford to Buckner, and, _second, to.recover possession of the land 1itselg the appellee '~ocured from· Roy and wife a second. deed of conveyance, and, in 1826, obtained from the United States a patent for'the land, on
which he instituted an action of ejectment again~t; the appellants, and.obtained a verdict and judgment of eviction against them; and in order to obtain a perpetual injunction.against'further procee.dings on that judgment, and to compel a conveyance of the lands in question, the appellant filed the bill under which the decree complained of was rendered.
5. And the question here occurs, were this-a suit prosecuted by Buckner or his legal representatives against the appellee, in order to compil the specific execution of th.e contract entered into be-tween Shackleford and .Buckner, for the sale and conveyance of the lands in question, would this court grant 'the relief asked ? Buckner has neither paid nor tendered payment'of tbe purchasemoney. Would this court, then, decree in his favour? Is it not a rule in equity, that where the party.to a contract not only peg-

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

75

]3uchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

lects to perform it, but, by his conduct, eiinces a- determination not to perform it, that the opposite party is at liberty to put an end to it; and that where the purchaser neglects for an unreasonable length of time, although often requested, to pay the purchase-money, and in the mean time; as in the present -case, the land has increased in value tenf6ld, that a court of equity will n6t interpose in his behalf, by compelling the specific execution of the contract? If Buckner had made prompt payment, the appellee could readily have invested the avails of the sale in other western lands, which, at this day, would have been worth thousands of dollars more than the lands-in question, with all the improvements which have been made on the lands by the appellants, and have avoided the trouble and expense of many long and wearisome Tourneys, and the expenditure of thousands of dollars in ineffectual attempts to recover his just rights. Is it not also a- rule in equity, that he who asks must himself do" equity to him against whom he asks it; and that he who claims the aid of a court of equity must show that he has not only been at all times ready, willing, anxious, and eager to perform" the stipulations on his part, but that he has either actually performed or tendered performance on his part, and that the opposite party refused compliance on his part? These principles are so well understood; and have so often received thie sanction of this court, that we do not deem it necessary to cite authorities in support of them. We therefore respectfully submit, that were Buckner or his heirs the parties complainant in this- suit, that a specific execution of the contract in question would not be decreed by this honourable court.
6. Do the appellants, as against the appellee, stand upon more favourable ground in a court of equity than Buckner or his representative would have stood? No consideration ever moved from the appellants to the appellee as an inducement to the conveyances asked; they never tendered, nor do they, in their bill, offer to pay the consideration money contracted to be paid by Buckner. They were not parties to the contract made by Shackleford with Buckner, and consequently no privity of contract-exists between them and the appellee. Upon what ground or principle, then, are the appellants, as against the appellee, entitled to the relief prayed for in their bill? Upon the ground of privity of

76

SUPREME "COURT.

Buchanon et ai. v. Upshaw.

contract, they are not. entitled to relief, because such privity existed. The app.ellants have; however, invoked the benefit of the
contract between Shackleford and Buckner, which has been assighred to the appellee; but can. that contract, if it were admit'ted they-are entitled to its benefit, aid-them? The terms of that contract were never performed by buckner. If they are entitled to the aid of that coitract, it must be on -the iground, that in .equity, though not at law; they must be considered as Buckner'sassignees and consequently, in reference to that contract, as standing in his shoes; and with re erence to the appelleelas subject to the same equity to which it was subject in the hands of Buckner. As the asignees of Buckner,.tliey acquired no better title in equity than was .vested in Buckner at the time. of the assignment. If, therefore, Buckner could not in equity compel the specificexecution of the contract in question, neither can the' appellants compel it. The assignee of a contract for the sale and conveyauce of land, where he himself.has neither performed nor tendered performance, must abide 'the fate which awaited fhe assignor, *here he neither fulfilled nor offered to fulfil the terms of the cbntraets, the specific execution of which is sought. In Stanley vt. G~dsby, 10 Peters, 522., this court is reported to have. said; "If a complainant does not aver in his bill his readiness to. . pay both 'principal and interest, he can have no standing . in a court of equity." The payment or tender of the purchasemoney is 'indispensable on the part of him who asks the speeific execution 'of a contract. Stratford v. Alborough, Ridgeway.s Ch..R., and 2 Bligh's R. 596,4. Again: both Bu'ckner and the appellants have trifled with the appellee; and it sdems to be a settled rule in equityi that where one party to an agreenment trifles) and shows a backwardness to perform on his part, equity 'will. not decree a specific performance in his favour. Harrington v. Wheeler, 11 Ves.'856,. In the case of Edwards v..Parker, lately pending in Brown county, Ohio, which was a bill to enforce the specific execution of a contract, the Supreme Court of the state refused to decree in favour of the complainant, on account of the-lapse of time since the contract should -have been complied with. S. P. Mayo v. Deschamps, 13 Ves. 25; Grant v. Humphrey; 8 Yes. 815; and Highby v. Whittaker, 8 Ohio, 201. In this last case -the purchaser of the land delayed payment of

JANUARY "T.ERM, 184 .

77

Buchannon et- i.L v. Upshaw.

the prindipal part of the piurchase-money for about ten years after it was due, and the cofirt decided that he could not compel, in equity, the slecific execution of the contract; that the trifling indisposition of ihe complainantj his Want of integrity and intention to pay for the property, and his utter inability to do it, unquestionably gavd to Burchard, under whoni Whittaker claimed, the right to put an end to the contract; and that as.the omplainant had occupied the land sold, the fair xent of which was equal to the actual payment made, Brunce, the seller, had a right" to rescind without offering to refund the amount received. See, also, Remington v. Kelly et al., 7 Ohio R. 103. It is now more than forty-one years since .the purchase-money for the lands in question fell due, and during that whole period neither Buckner nor the appellants have either paid or offered to pay the purchasemoney; upon what ground, then, can they insist that the decree is erroneous? Every man is to suffer for his own delay or neglect. Speake v. Speake, 1 Yes. 217. The plaintiff in equity, if he either Will not, or, through his own negligence, he cannot, perform the whole on his side, hds· no .title in equity to the performance.of the other party. Butdlier v. Hinton, 1 Ch. Ca. 802; Keen v. Stukely, Gil. R. 155; -Pope. v. Roots, 7 Bro. P. C. 184;. Earl of Evershap. v. Watson, -Rep. Temp. Finch, 445; 2 Freeman, 35; 'Hutton v. Long, Temp. Finch, 12.- So, if the plaintiff has not performed his part of the agreement, he -must, in equity, show that he was in no default in not performing it, but must also allege that he is still ready to .perform it. Fields v. HookeF, Merivale, 224; and Fane v.. Spencer, Merival .; 430, in note. . And upon this reasoning it is, that when a fian has trifled or shown a backwardness in performing his part of the contract, equity will not decree a specific contract in his favour, especially if circumstances are altered. Hayes v. Caryll, Jan. 1792; 5 Vin. Abr. 53S, pl. 18. Neither vill. equity decree an- agreement which- appears afterwards to have been discharged by parol,. though the Qriginal agreement.was in writing. Goman v. Salisbury, 1 Ves. 240; Lord -Milton v. Edgworth, 6 Brown, P. C. 580; Segal v. Miller, 2 Ves. 299; Inge v. Sippingwell, Dick. 469; Dayed v. Simonds, 1 Cox's R. 406; and Stephens v. Cooper, 1 Johns. Ch. R. 420, 430. In the case of-Heafly v. Hill, the specific performance of an agreement to grant a lease was refused,
G2

78

SUPREME COURT.

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

the plaintiff having failed to file his-bill for more than two years since notice from defendant of his intent not to perform his contract, on account of the plaintiff's non-ftlfilment of his part of the agreement. In this case, at the time of service of the declarations in the first action of ejectment brought by the appellee against the appellants, the appellants had notice that the appellee did not intend to perform the agreement in question, on account of the neglect of Buckner innot paying the purchase-money due on the
land; and yet no payment or offer of payment was made by them, nor did they file their present bill until more than ten, years had elapsed after the receipt of actual notice that the appellee considered the contract at an end, and no further obligatory on him. Even in the bill which the appellants have filed, (but which they never filed until all their efforts to baffle the appellee at law had failed,) they have not teidered payment of the purchase-monjoy, unless that clause in tae prayer of their bill which asks for a decree upon such terms as the court may seem just can be construed as an offer to pay the purchase-money due, with interest. To construe that clause in the prayer of the bill as an offer to pay would be giving to it a construction 'which is incompatible. with the general frame -of the bill, and the -grounds on which the appellants have based their right to the relief invoked.' The appellants. have based their right to relief on three grounds: 1st. That Shackleford, or the appellee, neglected to collect the amourit due on Coats's bond. 2d. -If that be not true, that they, or one of them, neglected to collect the purchase-money of Buckner. And, 3d. That the .appellee never acquired his legal tiile until 1826. And, first, as to Coats's bond: Were it true, as charged, 'that it was through the mismanagement or omission of Shackleford, or the appellee, or both of them, that Coats's bond was not collected, .would the condition of th appellants be improved thereby? We think not. The balance due on Coats's bond was £250, and the entire sum due was £420. Consequently, there remained due, after deducting Coats's bond, £170, which fell due in 1799. This balance has never been either.paid or tendered to the appellee. If, therefore, the balance of Coats's bond wag lost through the negligence of Shackleford and the appellee, or one of them, that negligence only operated as a release pro tanto of the obligation of Buckner to pay, or tender pay-

JANUARY TERM, 184 .

79

Buchannon et 'al. v. Upshaw.

ment of the purchase-money; and from thence it results,.s the. £170, with interest, was never paid or tendered,.that the appellants ale not 4ntitled to -the relief which they ask. But is it true ihat Shackleford and tie appellee, or one of them, had the management of the claim against Coats; and that, through their mis. management or neglect, or the mismanagement or fieglect of any. of them, said claim was lost? Coats's bond was never assignedby Buckner to.'Shackleford; nor did the parties stipulate that Shackleford should have the management or control of the suit which had been ordered on that bond. The stipulation on the part of Shackleford was to wait for the amount due on Coats's bond until judgment was obtained. thereon. That stipulatiorn was coupled ",vith this. condition, .namely: that 'Buckner gave to him an order in writing, on the attorney in wjhose hands Coats's bond had been placed for collection, requesting him to pay over th6 money to Shackleford, when collected. Buckner did not give the written order which he covenanted to give, but gave to Shackleford 'an order of the description promised,..on Copeland, who never ·was'employed, nor ever had any thing to do in* the collection of Coats's .bond. Buckner's 'covenant was 'therefore broken - and so much of the.. purchase-money as was to have been paid by the proceeds of, Goats's bond became due'on the day the contract between Backner and· Shackleford was exectited. But.if this be deemed too rigid aconstruction of Buckner's uudertaking, as- it respects 'the order, in writing,-he obligated himself to give to Shackleford, yet it is clearly discoverable frgm the words as well as from the general scope and design of the p.ar-ties, as expressed in the contract, thtt-Shackleford only stipulated' to wait for the R250 until judgment was rendered on Coats'sbond. That judgment was rendered 'in May, 1800, and -on that day, at all events, the remaining balance of the purchase-money of'tie lands in question fell due. Bucknei:was informed by Shackleford when-judgment would be rendered, and that Coats intended to 'enjoin the judgment. The evidence shows that neither Shackleford -nor the appellee had any management or control of the, suit on Coats's, bond; 'that neither of them were guilty of any mism4nagement or neglect, in relation thereto; that the attorney having tlxe management pf that suit procured judgment,to be rendered thereon at as early a day as practicable; that,

SUPREME COURT.
Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.
after judgment, every reasonable effort was made to enforce collection, but without effect; that the insolvency of Coats was ultimately asceitaihed'; that, from weighing the evidence with care, the inference is strong that Coats was insolvent in 1797, and that Buckner was duly notified of the result. We therefore respectfully submit, that the first ground assumed by the appellants, on which they assert their claim to relief, has n6 solid base on which to rest. Their second ground is equally unsustainable. What has the solvency or insolvency of Buckner, at certain pe-. riods, to do with this case?, He stipulated with Shackleford to pay for the land a certain amount, and within certain periodsuncertain, it is true, at the time of contracting, but which were rendered certain by the -happening.of the events referred to in the contract. Shackleford waited until those events happened. The X170 fell due at all events in 1799, if not before, and the £250 in the May followi.g' when judgment was rendered on. Coats's bond. Shackleford did not stipulate to wait for the purchase-money longer than those periods. If not paid then, he had a'right to put an end to the'contract. There is. no clause in the contract which required him to sue for'the purchase-money in case Buctmer failed to pay within the stipulated periods. It was therefore optional with Shackleford, on Buckner's neglecting or refusing.tp pay within the stipulated periods, either to put an end to the contract or to sue for the money due. If Buckner was. able to pay, why did he not pay? .Until he made payment, the equitable title to the land purchased, or rather contracted for, did not vest in him. There was no consideration to raise a case in him. If he was able to.pay, why did not the appellants compel him t6 make payment? Why did they not see that the money they had contracted to pay Buckner for the land was applied fo the payment of the purchase-money whichBuckner had c~ntracted to pay Shackleford? The -appellants claiming under Buckner are chargeable with notice of the tact, that he only held title under his contract with Shackleford, which obligated him to pay A420, with interest, before he could demand of Shackleford the legal title. Was it not, therefore, their duty to have seen that the purchase-money paid by them was faithfully applied to the payment and discharge of Buckner's contract with Shackleford ? Buckner's.solvency or irsolvency has therefor6 nothin&to'd6 \vith

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

81

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

the case. The consideration has never been paid or tendered,
and consequently the appellants have no right in.equity, as
against the appellee. . But it is also insisted that the appellee never acquired the legal
title to the lands in question until 1826; and consequently, until he did acquire the legal title, that neither Buckner nor those claiming under him were bound either to pay or tender the purchase-money. But did they either pay or tender the purchasemoney when the legal title was obtained? No; they neither did the one nor the other. How, then, are they entitled to relief on *that ground? They did not offer to do equity when every shadow of suspicion was removed from the appellee's title. But did the defect in the appellee's legal title excuse them from the strict performance, or at least a tender of -performance,- of the original contract between Shackleford and Buckner? We think not. The appellee's equitable title was perfect, and he, as well as Shackleford and Bucknei, believed that he was also invested with the perfect legal title, in virtue of the deed of conveyance from Roy, who had obtained a patent for the land fr6m the state of Virginia. The attorney who instituted the first action of ejectnment f6r the appellee, and the appellee himself, must have been impressed with the belief that the appellee was at that time invested with the legal title, otherwise the conduct of the attorney was dishonourable and dishonest, and that of the appellee simple and foolish. Upon comparing dates, it was found that the patent had issued since the date of the deed of cession, and consequently that the appellee was not invested with the legal title. Did that discovery excuse the appellants from paying or tendering the purchase-money, in pursuance of the terms of the. original contratt? The appellants either did or did not know, at the time' the purchase-money fell due, that the appellee ivas-not invested with the legal title. 'If they did know, it was their duty to have tendered the money, demanded a good title, and, at the same time, to have informed the appellee of the defect which existed inthe title; and, on the other hand, if they did not know.of the defect, they have noexcuse for .the neglect in making.payment. The appellants have presented no valid excuse for the nonpayment or tender of the purchase-money, and consequently are not entitled to the relief claimed.
VOL. L-il

82

SUPREME COURT.

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

The conduct of the appellants, evinced by the institution and prosecution of their separate suits, in Clermont county, against the appellee, to which we havq referred in the abstract, at the time this guit was pending in the Circuit Court, does not present them or their case in the most favourable point of view before a court of equity. He who asserts a claim in a court of equity ought to present himself with clean hands and a pure heart, if he expeefs to receive a favourable response to his petition.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the court.
This is an injunction bill, to restrain the defendant from taking 6ut a writ of possession and an execution for costs, on a recovery, of seven hundred acres of land, by Upshaw, in an action of ejectment against ihe complainants in'the Circuit Court of Ohio. They ask a perpetuat injunction of the execution, and a specific decree for title.
The complainants, and those under whom they claim, purchased from' Philip Buckner, paid a full price, and took deeds dated in 1798 and 1799.
Buckner purchased, from Lyne Shackleford in November, 1797, when the latter had no title to, or interest in the land; Upshaw, the respondent, being the owner. It had been granted to Beverly Roy bythe commonwealth of Virginia, in 1789, and sold by Roy to Shackleford. In April, 1797, Shackleford sold to Upshaw, and directed the title to bo made to him. 'On the 20th of July, 1797, Roy conveyed to. Upshaw; and in November afterwards, Shackleford sold a second time to Buckner.
To remedy this defect of title and want of good faith, in April, 1801, Shackleford entered into a'covena-ut.with Upshaw, by which the sale to Buckner,. of November, 1797,.was confirmed; and in May, 1803, Shackleford and Upsh'aw entered into another covenantagain confirming the contract between Shacldetdrd ahd Buckner; and.which is more specific in its terms than the first, of 1801.
By these contracts alone Upshaw was bound : and on them the billis founded, and a specific decree asked. They must be taken together: so .the complainants treat them in their bill; ndr can the court do otherwise.
Upshav;, having'stipulated to.make title -toBuckner, on receiving £420 the purdfiase-money,-took an assignment of the cove-

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

83

Buchannon et aL v. Upshaw.

nant between Buckner and'Shackleford; ori which it appears by

the covenant 6f 1803, R420 was remaining unpaid.

It is insisted that a bill for a specific performance of the. con-

tracts, could not be maintained *until the purchase-money was

tendered to Upshaw, the vendor; and of this opinion was the.

Circuit Court; and principally on this ground, taken in connee-

tion with other circumstances, dismissed the bill.

We are of ppinipn thatif such.i rule exists .in any case, it'has

no application to the ohe before us. *Thecomplainants purliased

from Buckner when he had no interest in the land; and at that

time they-acquired no equity against Upshaw: yet of this fact

they had no kn6wledge, and rested confident that they w6re

occupying and improving the land under a good title. Nor did

they have any knowledge of the' contracts between Shackleford

and Upshaw, after their purchase from-Buckner, for many years;.

probably not until- about the time the recovery was had againste

them in the action of ejectment in 1831. It vas not Buckner's

interest to give the information; and Shackleford took no further

trouble on himself in the matter after 1803; he arid -Upshaw

residing in -theremote parts of Virginia, five hundred miles from

the complainants.

"Upshaw admits, in his answer, that he did not know Buckner

had sold the land; or that it was in ihe possession of the

complainants, until about the time he brought his first action of

ejectment, in October, 1818: that he. sued for the land,. because

he had failed to obtain the purchase-money from Buckner. The

suit failed, because the patent from the commonwealth of Vir-

ginia was void; the country having been ceded (north of the

Ohio river) by Virginia to the United States, before the land was

granted.

-

In 1826, Upshaw, on the proddetion of the patent to Roy and

his deed, obtained a patent from the United -States, in confirma-

tion of the Virginia grant. On this he brought ano.ther suit'

against the complainants; and.in 1831, recovered the.land. - This

is the judgment the bilf seeks to enjoin.

During all this time, Upshaw was a stranger to the complain-

ants: he set up .no claim against them for the purchase-money.

due from Buckner to himi he sought the land, and disavowed

that Buckner's contract With the complainants boind him. And

84

SUPREME COURT.

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

so he continues to do. His principal defence in the answer to the bill is, "That having no contract, or privity of contract, with the purchasers from Buckner, he conceives they can have no right to come into a court of equity to enforce a specific performance of the contract with Buckner."
It is manifest that at no time were these complainants afforded the opportunity to pay the purchase-money due from Buckner to Upshaw.
*Wetherefore hold, that complainants were in no default prejudicial to their. original equities, for failing to discharg?, or offer-: ing to discharge, the-bond of Bu'ckner.
Nor could the complainants be justly charged with sleeping on their rights, had the true state of the facts been knowa to them. Until 1826, Upshaw was in no situation to comply with his part of the contract; that is, to make title. A court of chancery would have enjoined the payment of the purchase-money before the patent issued from -the United States-and set aside the contract, if the vendor could not have made title.
Neither can this be treated as a stale claim, for another reason. The complainants went into possession under Buckner's deeds, dwelt upon, and in good faith improved the land; and are now seeking to protect their possessions and homes, in affirmance of their deeds.
We also hold that there was privity of contract between Upshaw and the complainants. When hc sanctioned Shackleford's contract with Buckner, he became a party to it: Buckner had assigned all its benefits to the complainants,. and they must be treated as rightful assignees.; with the modifications imposed by the contracts of 1801 and 1803, between Upshaw and Shackleford.
The equitable, title being in the complainants by a contract complete in all its parts, they are entitled to a specific decree of course, on principles too familiar to require authorities to support them. On this part of the case the court has had neither doubt or difficulty in arriving at a conclusion favourable to a specific decree.
The complainants being entitled to relief, the next questionis, on what terms? For as they ask the active aid of the court to coerce performance of the respondent'i contracts, they can only have such aid on the terms that they do him equity. A rule

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

85

Buchannon et al. V. Upsha;. "

withbut an exception, within our"tecollection. Having dealt for an equitable title, complainants took it s.ubject to all the equities existing between their immediate vendor, Buckner, and his vendor, Upshaw It follows, they must perform the covenants. favourable to the defendant found in the contracts on which they seek relief. Therefore, before U pshaw can be compelled to cbnvby the.land, he is entitled to receive the ptirchase-money; unless his right is cut off by the contract, or has been forfeited by his subsequent conduct.
The first objection is, that in the contract between Shackleford and Buckner, there is a power given *tothe latter to sell; until which time Shackleford agreed to wait for a portion of the money: that is, as to 4-170; provided the resale was made by the 1st of January, 1799: before which time, tie sale was made to- some of, the complainants. It is true in the nature of buying and selling, that where a power of resale is given to the vendee, he has conferred on him the corresponding power to. receive payment. But this could not affect Upshaw's title: "Buckner took no interest by his contract with Shackleford; nor did the complainants acquire any by their purchase from Buckner. Their equities originated with Upshaw's sanction, given After the power had expired. He might sanction the contract of Shackleford with Buckner, or not, at his election; and, of-course, modify it to suit his own interest. Havipg the transaction in his power, he saw proper to become a party to the contract on the terms that he retained a lien on the land for th £420: First, by the covenant of 1801, he boufid himself to Shackleford, to proceed against the land if he failed to receive payment from Buckner: -and, Secondly, by that of 1803, he bound himself to convey to Buckner on being paid the- 420. The bill being founded on these'contracts; Upshaw is entitled to be paid the purchase-money, irrespective of the stipulation that Buckner was authorized to resell, by his con'tract with Shackleford.
In the'covenanis 6f 1801, and 1803, Upshaw admits that Shackle ford sold to Buckner with his consent, and it is insisted for complainants that Upshaw must 1e held to have authorized Shackle'ford to sell before the contradt of 1797 was made. All the evidence we find .inthe record of Upshaw's sanction. is found in the contracts of 1801, and 1803; by these he was not bound to convey until be received payment for the land ; we think in' this modi-
H

86

SUPREME COURT.

Buchannon et al..v. Upshaw.

fled form is Upshaw bound, and that he never intended simply to sanction Shackleford's sale to Buckner.
Next it is contended, respondent was negligent in not collecting a bond upon Coats, on which -250 was due. Upshaw's covenants have no reference to this security. It was delivered over to Shackleford by Buckner for collection; credit was to be given for the money, if collected, on Buckner's bond. The claim was diligently, pursued, but Coats proved insolvent: so that there is nothing in this objection.
Again, it is contended, -and with much force, that Upshaw was grossly negligent id failing to collect the £420 from Buckner. He received Buckner's covenant in 1803. In 1804; it was sent by John H. Upshaw from Virginia to Kentucky for collection; the agent was fully authorized to receive the money and to 'make title to the land on its payment; which Buckner evaded, and the contract was put into the hands of another agent, O'Bannon, who. collected $200 from Buckner: and in 1814, Buckner. was sued in Upshaw's name as assignee, and the suit failed because an assignee could not sue upon such an instrument. During this time, Upshaw had no valid title to the land, although there can be no doubt he thought the Virginia patent valid; still he could not have coerced payment from Buckner until 1826, when the patent from the United States was obtained; had the latter resisted payment on .this ground. Under all the circumstanc.es we think Upshaw did not forfeit his right to demand the purchase-money from the complainants.
Shackleford sold to Buckner two tracts of land; one of a thousand acres, and this in controversy of seven hundred acres, for the gross sum of £1020 ; and obtained £600 on Anderson's bond in part payment. It is insisted that this sum must be applied in discharge of the tomplainants, as seven hundred is to one thousand; and that they are only bound for the residue.
The complainants are compelled to rely on Upshaw's contracts of 1801 and 1803,to maintain their claim to reliefand toaffirm them in all their parts. By these. contracts it appears the seven hundred acre tract was ,estimated at £420, and that no part of the purchase-money for this tract had then been paid by Buckner: he- was concluded from asserting the contrary, and so 'are thecomplainants.

JANUARY TERM, 1843,

87

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

The next question is, from what time are the complainants -bound to pay interest on the unpaid purchase-money. They insist from the time Upshaw obtained his patent from the United states, in 1826. Respondent insists he is entitled to interest from the time the debt fell due against Buckner, or the 1st of January, 1799. Until the complainants were notified that, as purchasers of Upshaw's title, they were responsible to him for the purchasemoney, and reedgnised as his debtors, they had no opportunity to make payment: as to them, the debt was payable on demand, express or implied. Respondent admits in the answer that he neither pursued the land, or the purchasers under Buckner, until he failed to obtain payment froin the latter. His first assertion of claim, was by the suit in ejectmeni in 1818; after which the purchasers cannot be heard to say, they remained ignorant of the defects in their own title, or of Upshaw's rights; it was imposed upon them to trace up the outstanding equities favourable, and unfavourable. 'Had they done so, the contracts of 1801, and ' 1803, would have been discovered,and the state of the title explaified: this complainants did in.1831; and it could have been. done quite as conveniefitly in 1818. We therefore deem the suit equivalent to a demand.
That Upshaw had no legal title in 1818, is no excuse: The complainants enteredc upon, occupied, and enjoyed-. the frtits of the land, under his title; and could, no more be allowed to disavow it while they rem'in'ed in possession, than- could a tenant for years, be permitted to disavow his landlord's title. So
in effect, this .court held In Galloway v.. Finley, 12 Peters,264. But being remote purchasers of Upshaw's title; not from him, but'an6ther; and only bound. to pay the purchase-money by the rules adopted by courts of chancery; by the same rules, the complainanits are entiiled to an.abatement of interest in part, accruing on Buckner's contract: and as the. right, to receive interest de-. pends oni the time when .Upshaw notified them that they were
held responsible for Buckner's failure to pay ; and the action of ejectment, of October, 1818, being equivalent to a demand of payment, legal interest accrued from that date.
This we deem a well-founded principle, where a personal de-
md'nd existed upon real security, and is -brought forward at a late

88

SUPREME CO URT.

Buchannon et al. v. Upshaw.

day. Interest may be alloWed at the discretion of the court, only from the time of filing the bill, in such cases. The rule is estab-, lished in the Court of.Chancery in England, and can be properly applied in this case. Pickering v. Lord Stamford, 2 Ves. jr.' 272, 582. And under similar e.ircumstances it equally applies where mesne profits are claimed. Acherly v. Roe, 5 Ves. 565.
We 6rder that the $200 paid to O'Bannon be deducted from the .420; leaving $1200 due: on this sum interest .will be allowed from the 15th of October, 1818, until paid.- 'As the record does not show when the action of'ejectment was brought, we assume the middle of the m6nth as the true time; the interest to be after the rate of six per cent. per annum.
The purchase-money will be apportioned among thecomplainants, according'to the original value of the several tracts when purchased from Buckner: and the price paid to him taken as the measure of value. Those claiming under Buckner's vendees, will be governed by the same rule, of their vendor's. If the money is not paid in a limited time, sales will be ordered, of all, or any of the tracts, at the discretion of the Circuit Court, to raise the money.
The injunction at law, in so far as to restrain the writ of possession, will be made perpetual: but will be dissolved as to the judgment for costs, so that an execution may issue to collect them.
The costs of this suit in the Circuit Court, will be equally divided between the complainants, and the respondent, Upshaw; they paying half, and he the other half: and the complainants will contribute among each other, in the same proportion that they are bound to do in discharging the decree for the purchasemoney.
The appellee. Upshaw will pay the costs" of this court. O the complainants discharging the purchase-money, the contract between Buckner and Shackleford will be assigned to them by Upshaw, if he is required to do so: and he will also be decreed to execute deeds to the coniplaindnts for the tracts they respectively -claim, in such form, and with such covenants, as the Circuit Court shall direct. The decree of the Circuit Court for the mesne profits, falls of
course by the revemal of the principal decree.

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

89

Strout et al. v. Foster et al.

Edwin Upshaw, Appellant,

ORDER.

Buchannon and others.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Ohio, and on the cross appeal by EdwinUpshaw, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here adjudged and decreed by this court, that the said appeal bf Edwin Upshaw be and the same is hereby dismissed, with costs.

Buchannon and others, Appellants,
Edwin Upshaw.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the-record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Ohio, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of. the said Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed with costs, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to proceed therein conformably to the opinion and decree of this court.

JONATHAN STROUT AND OTHERS, LIBELLANTS, &c., APPELLANTS, V. JA{ES FOSTER AND OTHERS, CLAIMANTS, AND OWNERS OF THE siPe LOUISVLLE.

If a ship be at anchor, with no sails set, and in.a proper place for anchoring, and another ship, under sail, occasions damage to her. the latter is liable.
But if the place of anchorage be an improper place, the owners of the vessel which -is injured must abide the consequences of the misconduct of the master.
In this case, the anchored vessel was in the thoroughfare of the pass of the Mississippi river.

THIS case originated in'the District Court of the United States

for the eastern district of Louisiana, was carried, by appeal, to

the Circuit Court, and finally brought here.

VOL. I.-12

H 2

THE DECISIONS
OF THE
SUPREME COWTP OF THE ITED STATES,
AT
JANUJARY TERM,. 1843.

WILLIAM H. WILLIAMS, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JAMES ASH, DB-
FENDANT IN ERROR.

Mrs. T. 'Greenfield, of Prince George's county, Maryland, bequeathed to her nephew, Gerard T: Greenfidld, certain slaves, with a proviso in her will, "that he shall not carry them out 6f the state of Maryland, or seg them to any one; in either.of which events, I will and desire the said. negrdes shall be free for life." After the decease of the testator, in 1839, G; T.-Greenfield sold one of the slaves, and a petition for freedom was thereupon filed in the Circuit Court of Washington county. The legatee continued to reside in. Prince George's county, for two years after the decease of the testatrix, during which time the appellee was sold by him, and he afterwards removed to the state of Tennessee, where he had resided, before-the death of the testatrx. The Circuit Court instructed the jury, that by the sale, the petitioner became free. Held, that the instructions of the Circuit Court were correct.
A bequest of freedom to a slave, under the laws of Maryland, stands on the same priiidples with a bequest over to a third person. A bequest of freedom to a slave is a specific legacy.
The bequest of the te. tatrix of the slave to her nephew, under the restrictions imposed by the will, was not-a restraint or alienation inconsistent with the right to the property bequeathed to the legatee. It was a conditional limitation of freedom, andtook effect the moment the negro was sold.

IN error to the Circuit -Court of the United States for the county of Washington, District of Columbia.

NOTs.-The report of this case was accidentally ohatted by the late reporter,

and thiS report has been furnished by him.

VOL. I.-I

A

1

2

SUPREME COURT,

Williams v. Ash.

In the Circuit Court of the county-of Washington, James Ash, a negro, presented. a petition, stating that he was entitled to-his
freedom, and that he is held in custody. and confined in the private jail of William H. Williams. He prayed a subpcsna to
James H. Williams, and that he may have .afair trial on his
petition.
Mr.-Williamns appeared to the subpoena, and denied the title of
the petitioner to his freedom.
Issue was joined on the pleadings,-and the jury found a ver-
dict for the petitioner, and that he was free and discharged from-
the service of Williams. To the opinion of the court on the trial, a bill of exceptions
was tendered by the counsel for Mr. Williams. The bill of exceptions stated, that on the trial th'e defendant produced, and gave in evidence to the jury, the last will and testament of Maria
Ann T. Greenfield; and it was admitted that the said testatrix
died at the county of Prince George's, in the state of Maryland, soon after the date of said will, in the year 1824; -that upon her death, Gerard T. Greenfield, the executor named in. the will, duly proved the same in the Orphans' Court of said county, where the slaves and property left by the testatrix were, and took letters
testamentary as such executor. .Thepetitioner is one of the slaves named and demised" in that
clause of the will, which-is in the Words following, to Wit: 4 I also -give and bequeath to my nephew, Gerard Ti Green-
field, all my negro slaves, namely: Ben, Mason, James Ash, Henry, George, Lewis, Rebeeca, Kitty, Sophia, Mary Elizabeth, Nathaniel and Maria; also, Tony, Billy, Betty, and Anne, pro*vided he shall not carry, them out of the state of Maryland, or sell them to any one; in either of which events, I will and desire
the said negroes to be free for life." The petitioner was a slave born, and the property of the testa-
trix at the time of her death; that the said G. T. Greenfield, upon the death of said testatrix, took possession of the petitioner and the other slaves devised to him, and held the same-as his slaves so devised to him, from that time till the 18th day of December last, when, before the institution of this suit he sold the petitioner to the defendant: that G. T. Greenfield at the time of the date of said will, and ever since, resided in the state of Ten-

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

S

Williams v. Ash.

nessee, with an interval of between two and three y~ars, that he sojourned.after the death of the testatrix, in Prince George's county, for the purpose of settling his business. Thereupon the
court was-of ophiion, and instructdd the jury, that by the fact of such sale of the petitioner the estate or property in the petitioner so devised to said G. T. Greenfield ceased and determined; and the petitioner thereupon became entitled to freedom as claimed in his said petition: to which opinion and instruction of the court, the defendant by his counsel excepted.
Jqdgment was rendered .for the -paintiff, and the defendant prosecuited this writ of error.
*farbury,forthe plaintiff in error. .Bradley,for the defendant. *Marburycontended, that as to the first question presented on the bill of exceptions, whether Mr. Greenfield took an absolute estate, by the terms of the will, in the .property bequeathed -to him. A devise of personal estate in general terms, without woids.of limitation, vests in the legatee the absolute property-in' the thing -bequeathed. If a testator says, "I give all -my personal estate-to A. B.," without other Words, A. B. will 'take the absolute estate in all the personal property of- wlich the testator may die possessed. The language of the will, in the case before the court, is as general, comprehensive, and effective, for the purpose of passing the whole estate, as language can be; and gives to the legatee the'whole estate, subject only to the restriction of the right of alienation.
There is here no limitation of the estate-no intention expreised to confine the legatee to an estate for life in the slaves, or to give him a mere. personal benefit by the bequest.
Admitting the validity of "the restriction, if he should neither remove the negroes or sell them, at his death they will go to his representatives, to be distributed among his next of kin, if'he should die intestate; and to his legatee, if he should make a testamentary beqxesL
It has been suggested that this very restriction will operate to limit the legatee to an estate for life; that it shows that it was not intended he should have the absolute power and control'over the negroes. But a restriction on the right to sell never has been

4

SUPREME COURT,

Williams v., Ash.

'construed into a limitation of the estate of the devisee, when the language of the will passed the fee.
The proviso is a restriction on the right of alienation. The property is given to the legatee absolutely, with a condition annexed, that he shall not sell; a condition which is repugnant to the nature of the estate, and therefore void. Co. Lit. 206 b, 223 a.
If there be a limitation over, on the breach of such condition, it does not alter the case. The condition itself being void, the
estate limited upon it must be void also. What is a conditional limitation, but an estate which is to vest
on a certain condition, or the happening of a certain event, by which a preceding estate is to be divested ? If, then, the condition on which the preceding estate is to'be divested, be unlawful and repugnant, and therefore void, the preceding estate cannot be divested; can a man be deprived of his estate by refusing to do an unlawful thing, or by 'doing that which the law' autho~zes him to do with his own? Bradley v. Peixoto, 3 Vesey, 324; '2 Caines's Reports, 348.
It will M'e contended, on the part of the defendant in error, that there is something in the nature of the. property which is the subject of this devise, that requires the application of a rule
of law different from that which would be applied to a case arising on the title or ownership to any other kind of:property
Negroes, by the laws of Maryland; are property precisely as money in, the -funds, or household effects. "Thejus disponendi in the master is as absolute in the one case as in the other. How -shallthe court decide in favour of the freedom of the slave, without at the same time, and in the same 'judgment, deciding the right of property, as claimed? Mima Queen v. Hepburn, 7 Cranch, 295.
If, on the'bieach "ofthe condition not to sell, the testatrix had given the property in, the negroes to a third person, the limita-" tion over would have, been declared void; because such a restriction would be on a condition repuignant and void.
But here is a bequest of freedom, on the same repugnant cpnclusion. How is it to take effect, without denying to the master that control over the negroes which he is by law entitled to exercise over them, and ivhich he might exercise over any other

"ANUAR' TERM, 1843.

5

Williams v. Ash.

property in like circumstances, without subjecting himself to a

forfeiture.

There fs a class of cases in which it has been held that a tes-

tator may restrain the alienation of the interest given by the

will, and limit the estate over in the case Qf alienation, whether

voluntaf'y or involuntary. This class of cases originated- in the

case of Dommett v. Bedford, 3 Vesey, 149. The principle of

this case has become a general rule of law, in the following

cases.- 13 Vesey" 404, 429; 3 Swanston, 505; 5 Mod. 515;

6 Maddox, 482.

In this class of cases, the estate is vested in trustees; and it is

provided that the interest or income shall be received by.the trus-

tees, and a certain .portion thereof be paid- at- certain periods to

the legatees, unless they become bankrupts, or make voluntary

assignments of the amounts respectively settled in, said cases;.

whereupon, in-each case, the annuity is to cease, and the estate

is devised over. Such bequests are held .to be short of a life-

estate, and to be intended for the mere personal benefit of the

legatee.

.The cases belonging to this class differ mateially from. that

under consideration. - In them the title'to the estate is in trustees;

in the legatee of the annuity, there is nothing but a right to

receive payment of a sum 6f money, until the happening of a

given event-his becoming bankrupt, or voluntarily parting with

the right to receive it. The annuiitant takes only a life-estate-

the gift was merely for his personal benefit.

By the.will in this case the legatee took to himself the absQ-

lute property in the negroes bequeathed. The enjoyment of

them is not-limited to a mere personal benefit The property

does not cease at his death, but wilL pass to, his representatives,

to be disposed of, or distributed according to law.

Bradley, for the defendant.

This is a will. The intention of the testatrix to be gathered

from all the parts of the will, is to be effected, if it can be, with-

out- contra'vening some settled principle-of law. :Smith v. Bell,

Peters, 75, and the-cases cited...

.-

What estate did Gerard take? What effect had the exporta-

tion and. sale?

There are two bequests, one of property in the slaves, to Ge-

6

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v Ash.

rard', supposed to be absolute; another of freedom to the slaves, upon the happening of either of two events, defeating the first devise, and therefore limitingit. If these events are repugnant to the devise to Gerard, does that prevent their happening? If they happen, must they not give rise to the devise over?
The intent of the testatrix is clear. She meant to give Gerard a qualified, not an absolute estate, and to limit it to the happening of the event she has prescribed.
The bequest of freedom is not a cbndition annexed to the estate of Gerard; it is a conditional limitation of that estate, contingent, until the event occurs, but becoming absolute so soon as that has happened. Preston on Est's., 40; Feam. on Remain. 11, 14, 16.
It might be void as a bare condition, as to Gerard; yet good as ax limitation, as to the slaves.
She meant to give to the slaves a higher and nobler bequest. W'hat is it? Property? The same interest she had given to Ge'rard? The same estate or power? If so, how is it to be estimated? By what law to be controlled?
Freedom is not to be valued. Lee v. Lee, 8 Peters, 48. A question of freedom is superior to any question of property. Allen v. Wallingsford, 10 Peters, 583. It is a question deserving the favour of eourts. Fenwick v. Chapman, 9 Peters, 476. Isaacs v. -Randolph's Executors, 6 Rand. 652.
Ii construing the will, we must look to the subject-matter of both devises. The first relates to property, the second to freedom, and yet both relate to the same subject. And what i it? Is it merely property? They are slaves; but they are human beings. They may acquire freedom by implication. Mullen v. Hall, 5 Harris -and Johns; 190; Legrand v. Darnell, 2 Peters, 664. They ate recognised as persons in the Constitution of the United States, art. 1, sect. 9, par. 1 ; sect. 2, part 3 ; art. 4, sect. 2, par. 3. They are so recognised by courts of justice. The law of common carriers does not apply to them. Boyce v. Anderson, 2 Peters, 155. Humanity forbids the separation of mothers from infant children, and the court will not sanction it. Fitzhugh aud wife v. Foote and others, 3 Call. 13.
If, then, the chatacter of 'the bequest over be different from that given to Gerard-superior to property-not to be valued-

JANUARY TERM, 184.

7

Williams v. Ash.

deserving the favour of the courts, of a wholly different nature; and the intent of the testatrix in regard to this bequest over be clear, shall that intent be defeated by rules adopted solely for the regulation of property ? Is there any preeedent controlling this court?
It is conceded she might have given to Gerard a life-estate, and freedom to the slaves upon his death. . She could then certainly have granted a less estate, and have made this to depend up'on a certain or uncertain event.. Then it is immaterial how this event is brought about, by the acf of Gerard, or operation of law.
She might have given a life-estaie in the usufruct, to be terminated by his aliening during his life, and remainder to the slaves. Dommett v. Bedford, 6 T. R. 684; Brandon v. Robinson, 18 Vesey, 429; Yarnold v. Morehouse, 1 Russ. and Mylne, 364; Legget v. Lear, 2 Sim. 479; 4 Russ. and Mylne, 690.
Did she intend to give Gerard during his life any thing more than the usufruct ?
If she has so expressed herself, that this restraint upon alienation amounts to a limitation of the previous estate, and-there is i devise over, it is not necessarily so repugnant as to be void, but may be carried into effect. Wilkinson vi Wilkinson, 3 Swan. 515; Coop. C. C. 259; 2 Wils. C; C. 47.
She has so expressed herself, and it was her clear intent. Besides, upon this question of intent, we must look to the relation of the parties. The first taker is her nephew. She meant to aid himbut it must be in her own manner, by his taking a qualified estate to be -held in vlaryland. The others are her slaves, grown up around her, to whom she is attached-for whom she intends, as far as possible, to provide protection. She knows the laws, climate, customs under which-they have" been protebted, and grown-she does not know whither they may be carried. -'She leaves them to the charge of this nephew, submolo, qualifying and restraining his power over them. There is a great primary intent pervading the whole will, ain intent controlling the rights conferred on Gerard, and that is the protection and preservation of these objects of her bounty, in what she thinks the best condition for them. Is this intent opposed by any settled principle of law?

SUPREME COURT.
Williams v. Ash.
It is said the law in regard to slaves, and the rules of evidence in cases of freedom are the same as in all cases of personal property,*and the case of Mima'Queen, 7 Cranch, 290, is relied on as sustainihg this position. We deny it. The whole point of that case is as to the admissibility of hearsay evidence to prove a specific fact. We agree that the rules of evidence are and must be the sami, and we invoke the aid of that principle. We apply it to ascertain the intent of the testatrix.
Bat are the laws of personaf property applicable? Upon what principld? Upon what adjudicated case? What laws? Shall we go to England? 'To her system of villanage, as it once, existed, in the only part of her political or judicial frame which was ever supposed to bear the least analogy to this. Trace out the analogies and see how few they are. In'what do they resemble each other? Even under that condition, such acase as this could never have arisen. We can get no aid from her jurisprudence.
Shall we go to the laws of the several states? Our search would be equally vain here. The right which is held in a slave is so modified by statutory provisions, by local cauises,.by custom, by the common law, by the social condition, and by the lbeal and political position of each stite, that we can derive no important aid from them. It is emphatically a subject of peculiar regulation: But wherever we do fina the right-to manumit, we find this cardinal point, that suits for freedom are to be favoured, pervading and controlling the judicial .decisions.
The laws of personal property are not applicable. Colour, in a slaveholding state is' a badge of slavery. It is not so where slavery does not exist.. Accompanied by possession in the former state, it is evidence of litle. An adverse possession of a slave for a period corresponding with the statute of limitations gives title in a slave. Hardeson v. Hays, 4 Yerg. 507; Partee v.Badget, 4 ,Yerg. 174; Brent v. Chapman, 5 Cranch, 358 ; Shelby ,v. Guy; 11 Wheat. 361; Garth's Executors v. Barksdale; 5 Munf. 101 ; Carter v. Carter,. 5 Minf. 108 ; 1Newby v. Blakey, 3 Hen. and Mun. 57; Smart v. Baughj 3 J. J. Marsh. 363. But no length of possession, however open,.notorious, and absolute, can prevail against a claim of freedom, where the claimant can trace back his descent from a free .maternalancestor. Rawlings v. Boston, 3 Harris and McHen. 139; or'.if he can show

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

9

Williams v. 'Ash.

an acquired right to freedom, perfected in himself.- Hunter v. Futener, I Leigh, 172, and cases cited.' Burke v. Negro Joe, 6 Gill and Johns. 136.
By statutory provisions in Maryland, they are regarded as iesponsible and intellectual beings, as "persons" capable of contracting. In some cases they are entitled to trial by jury. Maryland Act, 1751, ch. 14, sect. 4. They may contract. 1715, ch. 44,'sect. 11. They may discharge the very responsible office of pilots. 1788, ch. 33.
If, then, the laws of personal property apply, to what extent do they so apply?
Considered merely-as personal property, they are subject to all the laws regulating that species of property; they may be the subject of contract, pass by gift or will, deseend, or be taken in execution. Their gains-belong to their owner; they can make no contract with third parties,- without the owner's assefit, and none with their ow.ner, and the issue of the woman is part of: the use, the property of the person to whom the mother belongs, for tie time being., i Har. and McH. 160, 352; 1 Har. and Johns. 526; 6 Har. and Johns. 16, 526.
Considered as human beings capable of acquiring, under-the laws, rights paramcunt to all individual claims, and t6 be controlled only by the sovereign in the state, fromi the exercise of which they'have been rightfully debarred by law, they acquire a higher dignity:
In their former character they are to be considered as property. But here the very question is, are they property? To determine this, shall we assume that the laws of property apply, and by those laws determine their character, and a right immeasurably above them? Can property take property? Can a maji be indicted for inurder'of property? Can property be entitled to a'trial by 'jury, or commit a crime, or acquire a right? Yet all this may be d6ne by a negro;. and they all imply a reasoning faculty, a con.science, an immortal spirit, in which there can be no property.
We must look'to the laws of Maryland. The statutes there give them power to take freedom by devise, to take effect immediately, or at a remote period, after a term of years or a lifeestate. Act '1796 and 1809. The decisions of the courts of Maryland are in-favour of this capacity. The statutes direct two
VOL. I.-2

10

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. Ash.

modes of emancipation; by will or deed. The courts have extended it to implied manumission, as in Dolly Mullens case, and to adverse possession or length of time, as in Negro Joe v. Burke.
Where, then, the intent of the testator clearly appears to secure to them liberty on the happening of an event, which has happened ; or where a doubtful form.of expression is used, which, in regard to mere personal property, migt amount to a condition repugnant to the bequest, and thus be void, yet in favour of liberty, and having, a regard to the subject of the bequest and the right intended to be conferred, the court -will construe, the will according to the intent, and take this to be a .limitation of the estate..
Agiin. T.he intent of the testatrix is to give freedom to the slaves, unless they can be held in Maryland upon the terms she has herself declared. Now if they cannot be so held in slavery, what is to be the effect? They are free.
Again. It has been said that restraint upon alienation is vo'id. Yet'in an executory devise this restraint-o.exists, and has' never been disputed. Moffat v. Strong, 10 Johns. 12, Cordle v. Cordle, 6 Munf. 455.
'But, -it is saidif the devise of freedom is to depend upon the
happening of the event mentioned in the will, the first estate must.vest, and'then the condition is Void. Not so. It does not necessarily follow. - Stainham and Bell, Lofft: 455; Avelyn v. Ward, 1 Ves. sen. 420; in which last case the court says, if by any means the conditional limitation is removed, the devise over will take effect. See also Simpson v: Vickers,. 1Y"es. 341, and particularly Doe ex dem. Smith. v. Hance, 6 Halstedi 244, 252-
254. Suppose the estate of Gerard to have vested. What was its
exteot and limitation? It was not intended to be absolute. The power to give or prevent freedom was not devised to him. That was already, exercised. He had a qualified property. - Slavery is the property which one man has in the labour of anothpr,.and the right to the custody and such limited use of the person of ihat other, as the particular laws allow- The power of the master is subordiiate to the law of the land,'and in some cases he is allowed by that law to. give freedom in Maryland in presenli or irzfuturo. If the niaster once exercises this author-

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

11

Williams v. Ash.

ity, itis irrevocable , the subject of it can never be reduced again to the condition of a slave, unless by legislative provision.

Now if any right in, or power over a thing granted be reserved

to the grantor,'or devised to a third person, the person taking has

but a qualified or limited estate, it is not absolute. The grantor

or devisor, may annex to this qualified or limited estate, conditions

by which it may be terminated at a period short of that to which it

would otherwise run. The effect must be to give rise, in case of

a devise over to the new estate, if there be one devised, or the

property must revert. It cannot be that the tenant of the par-

ticular estate shall have the power to defeat the other and'usurp

the whole property to himself. Is not this the case here?

Without the proviso, the words'are as absolute as in the case

of Smith v. Bell, 6 Peters, 74. But the proviso must operate to

restrain the gefieral words in the same manner as the devise over

of the remainder in that case. She could grant a life-estate, with

freedom to take effect at its expiration, the life-estate to be forfeited

upon the happening of an event, and the devise over to take

effect. d fortiorishe might make this life-estate to depend upon

his keeping them in his own possession and in the state of Mary-

land. The uncertainty of the eVent can make no diffexence. 'It

has'happened.. The happening of the event is during a single

life, and, therefore, not too remote. We rhaintain, theri, that this

is not a naked condition annexed to an absolute estate and re-

pugnant to it, and therefore void, but is a contingent limitation'

of a particular estate, with a devise over of a faculty or estate of

the highest dignity and most absolute character, to take effect on

the happening of a .contingent event by which the particular estate.

was to be terminated, which event must occur during the lifetime

of a person in being, and the event has happened. As to the

distinction between a naked condition, and. a conditional limita-

tion, see Taylor v..'Mason, 9 Wheat..329, &c., and particularly

Smith v. Hance, 6 Halsted, 244; et 8eq.

But, is a condition in restraint of alienation necessarily void?

and are there not cases where it amounts to a limitation? The

true distinction is, that where such a condition amounts to a

limitatioa of the precedent particular estate, with a devise over, it

is good. Doe d. Duke Norfolk v. Hawke, 2 East, 481; ana

Wilkinson v. Wilkinson, 3 .Swans. 515.

i .

12

SUPREME C'OURT.

Williams.v. Ash.

The reason-of the rule. is obvious, it is to prevent perpetuities, and therefore the jus disponendi in an absolute estate is. not to be taken away, but even this may be qualified. Litt. sec. 361; Shep. Touch. 129; Gill v. Pearson, 6 East, 173; S. C. 2 Smith, 295. This last case is a clear case of a fee simple, with a condition terminating it. If the power of disposal is notabsolutely taken away, the condition restraining it may be good. 4ackson v. Shutz, 18 Johns. 175, and 'cases cited; McWilliams- v. Nisby, 2 Serg. and Rawle, 507. Here he might at any time have disposed of his interest-to the 'slaves themselves, by releasing it.
The case of Bradley v. Piexoto, as stated in the report, does not warrant the exposition of it in the opinion of the Master of the Rolls. We do, not controvert his law, for if the gift was absolute of.both principal and dividends, that case cannot illustrate this. If it was noi absolute, the case is wholly inconsistent with Wilkinson v: Wilkinson; Branden v. Robinson ; Dommett v. Bedford; Legget v. Lear, &c. already cited, and particularly Bird v. Hudson, 3 Swans. 342.
We are considering.a will. The intent is to govern. Every
intent is to be effected if possible. The primary intent is to prevail. The particular intent was to give the nephew a qualified estate. The primary intent was to. afford protection and security to'the slaves. The restraint 'upon the nepliew does not take away all power of-alienation. The execution of every intent does 'not contravene any settled principle of law. The event to determine the estate of the first taker is not too remote.
Besides it is a case in favour of liberty, to be attained by the instruments, and in'the mode pointed out by the-statutes; a case involving one interest of the highest dignity, and depending on the happening, of an event to terminate another interest of. less
-importance.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEy delivered the opinion of the court.
This case is brought here by writ of error, from the Circuit 'Court of the District of Columbia, for Washington county, and carhie.before that court upon a petition for freedom. -
It appeared on the trial, that the petitioner was the property of Mary Ann T: Greenfield, of Prince 'George's county, in the state of Maryland, who died in'1824, having first duly made her

JANUARY TERM. 1843;

18

Williams v. Ash.

last will and testament, whereby among .other -things sh6 bequeathedthe petitioner, with sundry other slaves, to her nephew, Gerard T. Greenfield, with a proviso in the following words: "Provided he shall not carry them out of the state of Maryland, or sell them to any one; in either -of*which events I will and devise, the said negroes to be free for life," and she appointed her said nephew her executor.
Upon the death of the testatrix, Gerard T. Greenfield took possession of the petitioner and the otherslaves bequeathed to him, and held them from that time until December, 1839, when he sold the petitioner to the defendant; and the petition for freedom was filed shortly after the sale. At the time of the making of the will, and ever since, Gerard T. Gieenfield resided in the state. of Tennessee; with an interval of between two and three years, during which he sojourted in Prince George's county, after the death of the testatrb, for the purpose of settling his business.
Upon this evidence, the Circuit Court instructed the jury, that -by,the fact of such sale-of the petitioner, the estate or property in the petitioner so bequeathed to Greenfield, ceased and determined, and he therefore became entitled to his freedom.
Under this direction 6f the court, -the verdict was in favour
of the petitioner. By the laws of Maryland, as they stood at the date. of this
will, and at the time of the death of the testatrix, any person might, by deed, of last will and testament, dclare .h.is .slave to be free after any giren period of'service, or at any pa'rtieular age, or upon the performance of any condition, or on the event of any contingency.
This right is recognised in the act of Assembly, of 1809, ch. 171. -The contingency upon which the petitioner was to become
free must, by the terms of the .will, have happened. in the lifetime of Gerard T. Greenfield; and if-he had died without selling him, or conveying' him out of the state of Maryland, the petitioner would have continued a slaire for life. The event, therefore, upon which he was to become free was not too femote.
It is said, however, that this was a restraint on alienation inconsistent with the right of property bequeathed b' the will. But if, instead of.giving freedom to the slave, he had been be-
queathed to some third person, in the event of his being sold,-or

14

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. Ash.

removed out of the estate by the first taker, it is evident upon common law principles, that the limitation over would have been good. 2 East, 481. Now a 'bequest of freedom to the slave stands upon the same principles with a bequest over to a third person. It is 'said by the chancellor of Maryland, 2 Bland's Chancery Rep. 314, that the bequest of freedom to a slave is a specific legacy, and undbubtedly this is its true legal character.
And if a bequest over'to a third person would not be regarded as an unlawful restraint upon alienation, there can be no reason for applying a different rule where the bequest over is freedom to the slave. In the one case, the restriction on alienation ceases as soon as the devise over takes effect; and in the other, the right of property ceases upon the happening of the contingency, and there is nothing to alien. ,
We think that the bequest in the 'vill was a.conditional limitation of freedom to the petitioner, and that it took effect the moment he was sold. The judgment of the Circuit Court must therefore be affirmed.

*GEORGE W. HAMMOND, DDMINISTRATOR DE DONJS NON OF THoAs
HAMMOND, DECEASED, AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS, v. LORENZO LEWIS, EXE 'UTOR OF LAWRENCE LEWIS, DECEASED, WHO WAS THE ACTING EXECUTOR OF GEN. GEORGE WASHINGTO7, APPELLEE.
In the distribution of the estate of a deceased person, an assignment, to one of the ,distributees, of a mortgage which is for a: greater sum than his distributive share, does not make him responsible to the executors for the difference between his share and the nominal amount of the mortgage, in case the mortgaged premises sell for less than the amount of his share, where the distributee has, with proper diligence, and in good faith, subjected the mortgaged property to sale, and has not bound himself absolutely for the nominal sum..secured by the mortgage.
In7 the progress of the cause. G. W. Hammond also died, and his administratrix became a party; but the suit having been an amicable one, this did notdelay 'the proceedings. It is mentioned only because sometimeb the one and sometimes the other is spoken of 'as the person interested.-

14

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. Ash.

removed out of the estate by the first taker, it is evident upon common law principles, that the limitation over would have been good. 2 East, 481. Now a 'bequest of freedom to the slave stands upon the same principles with a bequest over to a third person. It is 'said by the chancellor of Maryland, 2 Bland's Chancery Rep. 314, that the bequest of freedom to a slave is a specific legacy, and undbubtedly this is its true legal character.
And if a bequest over'to a third person would not be regarded as an unlawful restraint upon alienation, there can be no reason for applying a different rule where the bequest over is freedom to the slave. In the one case, the restriction on alienation ceases as soon as the devise over takes effect; and in the other, the right of property ceases upon the happening of the contingency, and there is nothing to alien. ,
We think that the bequest in the 'vill was a.conditional limitation of freedom to the petitioner, and that it took effect the moment he was sold. The judgment of the Circuit Court must therefore be affirmed.

*GEORGE W. HAMMOND, DDMINISTRATOR DE DONJS NON OF THoAs
HAMMOND, DECEASED, AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS, v. LORENZO LEWIS, EXE 'UTOR OF LAWRENCE LEWIS, DECEASED, WHO WAS THE ACTING EXECUTOR OF GEN. GEORGE WASHINGTO7, APPELLEE.
In the distribution of the estate of a deceased person, an assignment, to one of the ,distributees, of a mortgage which is for a: greater sum than his distributive share, does not make him responsible to the executors for the difference between his share and the nominal amount of the mortgage, in case the mortgaged premises sell for less than the amount of his share, where the distributee has, with proper diligence, and in good faith, subjected the mortgaged property to sale, and has not bound himself absolutely for the nominal sum..secured by the mortgage.
In7 the progress of the cause. G. W. Hammond also died, and his administratrix became a party; but the suit having been an amicable one, this did notdelay 'the proceedings. It is mentioned only because sometimeb the one and sometimes the other is spoken of 'as the person interested.-

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

15

Hammond's Adm. v. Washingtons Exec.

Tnis was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the b nited
States for the District of Columbig, holden in and for the county of Alexandria.
The facts in the case were these. General Mrashingt.on, by his will, executed in 1799, devised all the rest and residue of his estate, real and personali not before disposed of by said willto be sold by his executors,'at such time,. in such manner, and on such credits, (if an equal, valid, and satisfactory distribution -of the specific property could not .be made without,) as- in their judgment should be most conducive to the interest of the parties concerned; and the moneys arising therefrom to be divided into -twenty-three equal parts. On the 19th of July, 1802, the executors assembled the legatees, with a view to consult them upon certain questions arising under the will; and it was agreed that a certain portion of the personal estate ghould be sold, another portion divided, a certain pqrtionr of the lands divided, and the residue sold by the executors. On the 6th of June, 18.03, a meeting of the devisees was held, at which it was agreed that certain lands, lying on the eastern waters, should be sold, and, if purchased by the devisees, such purchaser should pay at three equal annual instalments with six per cent., interest from. the day of sale, but to be credited with his proportiot of the sales which had there been made, and which were to be divided among the said devisees. On the 7th of June, 1803, Burdett, Ashton, who was entitled, in his own righit, and that of his sister, to two-thirds of a distributive share, purchased from the executors property belonging to .the estate, for the sum of 09410 20 cents; payable, one-third "on demand, one-third on the 7th of June, 1805, and one-third on the, 7th of. June, 1806. On. the 12th of March, 1805, Ashton- mortgaged to the executors three tracts of lanid in Jefferson.county, Virginia, amounting in the whole to one thousand and seventy-six acres, to secure the payment of the purchase which he had iiade, as above stated. On.the lth of March, 1806, the executors assigned the mortgage-to Thonas Hammond, who was entitled to a -full distributive share in right of his wife, and attached to the assignment the following memorandum. " The exetutors are not to be made. personally- liable, in any: respect, or. on any pretence,

16

SUPREME. COURT.

Hammond's Adf. v. Washington's Exec.

wherein, for, or by reason of the above assignment, and further, thb within named Burdett Ashton, Jr., his heirs, executors and administrators, is to have credit for his proportion of $5179 5 cents, being the share of each legatee of said George Washington, of certain sales of rcal and personal estate made by the said executors, as well as for the pioportion of the sister of the said ,Burdett, as her attorney in fact."
As it was thought that the distributive shares of the said Ashton and Hammond, when added together, would not quite exhausi the debt due from Ashton to the executors, the latter took from Hammond, on the same day on which they made the assignment, a deed- by way of mortgage, in which it was stipulated that Hammond should iiidembify the executors, and also should pay to the executors whatever surplus might remain, after deducting Hammoild's and Ashton's' distributive shares from the amount of Asht6n's debt to the executors.
On the 2d of April, 1806, Hammond, being indebted to Smith, Calhoun & Co., of the city of Baltimore, in the sum of $5604 64 qqents, assigned to them all his 'ight to so much of the mortgaged premises as would be sufficient to satisfy the sum aforesaid. As speedily as possible, Smith, Calhoun & Co., obtained a decree in the high Court of Chancery, in Virginia, to foreclose Ashton's mortgage, who, at the time of such f6reclosure, was insolvent, and died so. The result of such sale is thus stated in the opinion of the Circuit Court, delivered in a subsequent stage of the cause.
The property mortgaged by Ashton, sold under decree for (nett proceeds) $3908 46.

The debt of Ashton was - - -- --He had a right to retain - -.-----

- $9410 20 --- 3452 70

The'real amount of Ashton's debt was - - - $5957 50

-Hammond's claim was --- -- - - - -

5179 05

Amount rec'd by Hammond's mort. to executors - $778 45

At some period between 1819 and 1823, the executors addressed a circular letter to each of the legatees, who had by this time become Very numerous, expressing a 'desire to close their -executorial duties, and stating that a difficulty existed in the mode of calculating interest. They say, ",there are but two

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

17

Hammond's Adm. v. Washington's Exec.

modes by which our objects can be attained-a reference of the accounts to arbitration, or a suit; the former we should prefer, as most consonant with the injunction of our testator, if it were not attended by insuperable difficulties, on account of the dispersed situation of the legat6es, who consequently could scarcely

be expected to agree upon the arbitrators; we therefore propose'

that the legatees should concur in instituting an amicable suit in

chancery against us, to which we will immediately file an an-

swer, and obtain an order of reference to the. master, to adjust

and report the precise sum to which each legatee is entitled;

which being done, we can proceed with safety to pay such sums

as fast as the money comes to our hands."

In 182 , the legatees, in co.iformity with the above suggestion,

filed *a bill in the Circuit Court for the District of Columbia,

which the executors immediately answered, admitting the exist-,

ence of a balance to be distributed, and submitting to any decree

which the.court might think proper to pass. A special auditor

was appointed to state the accounts of the parties.

In 1825, the executors filed a cross bill, alleging that all the

parties were not in court, and praying that they might all be

brought in.. The proper proceedings were accordingly had as to

the absentees, and in 1826 the Circuit Court passed a.decree di-

recting the sums to be paid to the several legatees, with the ex-'

ception of the administratrix of Th6mas Hammond and qf Burdett

Ashton. The auditor stated the account of Hammond upon two

.differentprinciples; in one, giving him credit for $5178 68-cents,

a distributive share, and charging him with $4006 24 cents, the

gross amount of the proceeds of the mortgage sale;, and bringing

the executors, in debt to Hammond upwards of $4000: in the

other, giving him credit for the same sum, but charging him with

the balance of the debt due by Ashton, bringing him in. debt to-

the executors upwards of $2000. The Circuit Court adopted

the latter, ahd decreed that the administratrix of Hammond

should pay to the executors the sum of $2158 56 cents, with

interest on $1127 27 cents, the principal sum due, from the 1st

day of June, 1824.

From which decree, the administratrix appealed to this court,

Coxe, for the.appellant.

Jones, for -the appellees.

VOL. I.-s

n 2

is

SUPREME COURT.

Hammond's Adm. v. Washington's Exec.

Mr. Justice DANIEL delivered the opinion of the court. This is the case of an appeal from a dccree of the Circuit Court of the United States, for the District of Columbia. This suit was originally of an amicable character, and was instiuted at the request of the executors of General George Washington, by the legatees under his will, with'a view to a definitive settlement of the accounts of the executors and a distribution of the estate. Subsequently to its institution, " cross bill was filed by the executors for the purpose of covering some of the legatees, who had been omitted in the prior proceedings, and the two causes were prosecuted and decreed upon as one suit. .The facts out of which the questions now presented for consideration have arisen, are substantially the following. General Washington, after having disposed of a portion of his estate, devised all the residue of his real and personal property to be sold by his executors, if it could not be equally and satisfactorily divided, and directed the proceeds to be divided into twenty-three equal shares, and distributed by shares and parts of shares, amongst- twenty-nine persons named, and others not named, but designated by -a collective description. Amongst those having an interest in .the estate was Mildred Hammon.d, the wife of Thomas Hammond, in whose right the appellant claims one share 6f the twenty-third-.part of the residue. After a previous distribution by the exectitors of $7000, the amount arising from further sales, and aremaining for distribution at the commencement of this suit, was near '$120,000. Several of the residuary legatees became purchasers at the sales made by the executors, some for more, others for less than their 'shares or parts of shares to which they'were entitled. They gave securities for.the amount of their -purchases, as other purchasers would have been required to do, with an understanding that their several shares of the estate, when ascertained, should be credited against the sales respectively made to them. ,Among those legatees who purchased to an amount exceeding their shares was Burdett Ashton, who was entitled to one-third of one share.in his own right, and to one other third of a share in right of a sister, together equal to two-thirds of one-twentythird or full share of thfe residuum subject to distribution. This interest of Ashton was subsequently ascertained to be.$3425 20

JAiUARY TERM. 1843.

19

Hammond's- Adm. v. Washington's Exec.

cents. He purchased-property in June, 1803, to the amount of $9410 20 cents, payable in thr~e annual instalients; ahd for. securixig this debt, with interest from the date, executed to the executors a mortgage on the 12th day-of March, 1805.
Thomas Hammond (the husband of the legatee,*Mildred Himmond) obtained from the executors an assignment of the mortgage from Ashton for the $9410 20 cents, and executed to them 4n'obligation to. account for any surplus which hie might receive from Ashton's mortgage, beyond the share of Mildred Hanm'ond, amounting to $5179 50 cents. after crediting.Ashton with twothirds of a share to which he was entitled. The consideration for the assignment to Hammond is stated to be "one dollar in hand .paid, but principally on account" of the share.of his wife in the residue of-General Washington's estate; and they bargain; sell, and assign to the said Hammond, his heirs, &c., all the right, title, interest., estate, claim, and demand of the executors to the within-mentioned land and premises, and to the deed within mentioned. At the foot of the assignment is a memorandum, "that the executors are not to be personally liable in any respect, 'or on any, pretence, for or by reason of the above assignment," and further, "that the within named Burdett Ashton, his heirs, &c., shall have credit for his proportion, and for the proportion. .of his sister," in one share of the residuum of the.estate, &c.
Within less than a month after receiving an assignment from the executors, Hammond assigned Ashton's mortgage to Smith, Buchanan and Calhoun, in consideration of a debt due from him to them. These last assignees" filed their -bill in the Supreme Court of Chancery in Virginia, to foreclose Ashton's mortgage, and to this bill the executors of Washington were- made parties defendants. In their answqr these executors admit the interests of Hammond and Ashton in the estate of their testator, the assignment by them to Hammond of Ashton's mortgage, and they ask nothing on their own account except this, that as certain funds of the estate upon the -basis of which Ashton's proportion. had in part been calculated, might, turn out to be unavailable, he, Ashton, -might be required to indemnify the executors against such a contingency.
The settlement of Ashton's account having been by the Court" of Chancery referred .to the master) a large balance was reported

20

SUPREME COURT.

Hammond's Adm. v. Washington's Exec.

as due from Ashton on the mortgage, after allowing him a credit for his own and his sister's shares df a legatee's proportion. The
court decreed a foreclosure of the mortgage, and a sale of the
mortgaged premises to raise the balance due from Ashton. The sale made under the decree produced a sum considerably less
than the amount of the debt from Ashton to the executors of
Washington. In the record in this cause are found accounts stated under
orders of the Circuit Court betyeen the executors of Washington and the distributees, under the will of their testator. In the account of Burdett Ashton, after crediting him with the proceeds of-the mortgage sale, a balance is struck against him of $6197 70. The account with Hammond is stated under two aspects; under the first, in which he is charged with the nett proceeds only, of A&shton's mortgage, he is a creditor, by the sum of $4084 30 cents; 1.uier the second, in which Hammond is charged with the entire balance due from Ashton, without regard to the actual proceeds of the' mortgage, he is made a debtor. The Circuit Court, upon the hearing of this cause, being of the opinion that Hammond was absolutely bound to the executors of General Washington for whatever amount the mortgage debt of Ashton exceeded the share of Mrs. Hammond as a legatee, hbtwithstand-' ing the failure of the mortgaged premises to produce the amount of the debt for which they were pledged; decreed, in conformity with the second statement of the master of Hammond's account, (No. 11,) that the administratrix of Hammond, out of the assets in her hands to be administered, should pay to the executors of George Washington the sum of $2158 56 cents, the balance appearing to be due to them by statement No. 11, with interest on $1027 27 cents, the principal sum due from the 1st day of
June, 1824. The basis of the above decree of the Circuit Court, and it is
the foundation on which the argument for the appellees has been conducted, iff the assumption, that Hammond, in taking an assignment of Ashton's mortgage from the executors of Washington,. undertook to guaranty the sufficiency of 'the mortgage subject to extinguish the amount for which that subject was pledged, and bound himself absolutely to be accountable for that entire sum.
It is difficult to reconcile such a course on the part of Ham-

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

21

Hammond's Adm. v. Washington's Exec.

mond with rules of common prudence or probability, nor can a
claim to power in the executors to make such an exaction upon Hammond be viewed as consistent with fairness, or as called for by any obligation incumbent upon these executors. Hammon. knew, when he took the assignment of Ashton's mortgage, that he was entitled to $5179 50 cents, admitted by the executors to be in their bands, or within their control. This is apparent, and is expressed both in the memorandum required by the executors to be appended to their assignment of Ashton's mortgage, and in the separate instrument of indemnity executed to the executors
by Hammond, upon his receiving that assignment. Under such circumstances, what rational inducement could exist on the part of Hammond for binding himself for the solvency of Ashton, or for substituting himself with the executors as a debtor in Ashton's place? Th6 court can perceive no such inducement, nor can recognise any right in the executors to require -any thing of this kind, with a full knowledge, on their part, of Hammond's interest in the estate, and with an admitted fund in, their hands for its satisfaction. They had no power to impair in any degree his claim upon them, nor to impose a mean for its payment, less certain and safe than the assets acknowledged 1,y them to be adequate. It is laid down by the Circuit Court, a:d insisted on in the argument here, that the terms of ihe assignment to Hammond, as well as those of the instrument of indemnity given to the executors upon receiving that assignment, constitute an agreement that Hammond should be unconditionally bound for Ashton's debt. We have shown that this conclusion is in accordance neither with prudence nor probability, in the transactions of life-that it was not sustained by-any duty, or even by fairness,on the part of the executors; let us see how far it is warranted by the language of the instruments referred to as amounting to express and positive contract. In the written assignment to Hammond, this is the language used: "Have bargained, sold, assigned, &c., all the right, title, &c., in and to the within-mentioned land and premises, and the deed within, mentioned," &c. Such terms were indispensable in that assignment, in order to give to Hammond .control of the mortgage, either for its enforcement in his own behalf or for its transfer to others: nothing is said, in terms, in this assignment, about the debt in-

22

SUPREME COURT.

Hammond's Adm. v. Washington's Exec.

tended to be secured by the mortgage, neither in relation to any full equivalent for it, received by Hammond, which should bind him for it in loto, nor in relation to any entire and absolute transfer of it by the executors; and this surely was the place in which such terms, or donditions, if they really belonged to the contract; should have been expressed. The view here presented is fortified by the instrument of indemnity executed. by Hammond to the executors contemporaneously.with the assignment by the latter to hint of Ashton's mortgage. This instrument. of indemnity, after reciting that the executors had assigned, &c.,'a deed due them from Ashton, specifying no sum, no debt in numeris; after reciting too that Ashton was entijled to a portion of the assets, proceeds thus: "And whereas it is supposed that the amount of the said debt due from Burdett Ashton, after mak.ing the discounts aforesaid, to which he may be entitled, will exceed the said.sum of $5179 50 cents, due to the said Thomas Hammond, as agreed; for which excess, the said Thomas Hammond is willing to give security; 4ow if the said Thomas Hammond shall well and truly pay, &c., such sum as the debt due from the said Burdett Ashton, shall exceed," &c. * This portion of the instrument, beginning, "whereas it is supposed that the amount of the debt due from Ashton, after making the discounts to which he is entitled," &c. forcibly elucidates the meaning andobjects of the parties to that contract. The amount of Hammond's interest in the estate, the amount too of Ashton's debt to the executors, and of the portion claimed in his own right, and in right of his sister, were all known. With regard to these, then, there was no uncertainty. The supposition, therefore, expressed in this instrument could have no applicability to matters thus ascertained; that supposition could have been designed to apply only to the contingency of the mortgage subject producing a sum greater than the distributive share. of Hammond in the estate; in which event, he was to be responsible for the excess, and for nothing beyond it. This provision cannot be correctly interpreted as binding Hammond, however inadequate the mortgage subject might prove to meet his share of the assets, to carry into thd" estate and pay to the executors a sum he never hadreceived, and which, from the nature of things, he could not possibly receive; in other words, to pay to these executors his own

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

23

Hammond's Adm. v. Washington's Exec.

money. Upon taking an assignment of Ashton's mortgage, Hammond was bound for good: faith and ordinary diligence in prosecuting it. These obligations appear to have been fulfilled, for the executors who were made parties to the suit for foreclosure take no exception to any thing that had been done or omitted in reference to the security they had transferred.
This court, therefore, while it will not decree against the execu.tors the difference between the proceeds of Ashton's mortgage and the distributive share of Hammond, as stated in the report of the master, is very clear that Hammond can upon no correct principle be held responsible to the executors for the difference between those same pro.ceeds and the amount of-the debt due from Ashton, which the mortgage was designed to secure; and that in decreeing against the administratrix of Hammond for that difference, .the Circuit Court has committed an error for
which its decree should be reVersed. This court doth accordingly reverse the decree of the Circuit
Court,:with costs, and remand this cause thereto, to be proceeded in conformably to the principles of this decision.

ORDER.
-This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States.for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Alexandria, and was argued by counsel. On 'consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by'this court, that the decree of the'said Ciiciiit Court, in this cause, be and the same is hereby re vdrsed wit'." costs, arid that this cause be and the same is fiereby remande'd to the said Circuit Court, with directions to proceed therein conformably to the opinion of this court.

SUPREME COURT.
Tiim UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, V. DoDnNG~o ACOSTA, APPELLEE.
The certificate of the secretary of the Spanish goveriior of Florida is prima fade evidence of the existence of a grant of land.
The Spanish governor had authority to issue such a grant. In the case of a grant made before the 24th of January, 1818, it is valid,
although the.survey was not zpade until after that day, provided ihe'survey was made before the exchange of flags. It is not a good objection to such agrant that the mdtes and bounds were not set forth.
THE facts in' this case are fully set' frth in the opinion of the court.
It was submitted by Mr. Legar6, the attorney-general, without argument, on the usual obiections assigned, pro firna,for error.
Mr. Justice CATRoN delivered the opini6n of the court. This is an appeal from the decree of the Superior Court of East Florida, confirming eight thousand acres of land to Domingo Acosta, under the acts of Congress for the adjustment of landclaims in Florida. The claim is founded on an alleged petition of Acosta, dated May 2, 1816, and a decree of Governor Coppinger thereon, dated the 20th day of the same month and year. The petition (record 8) sets forth: That by the certificates which he presented, signed by the commandants of Fernandina, who had governed it successively since 1808, his excellency would be informed that he had been a permanent resident of the said town, engaged all the while in commerce, and had served (in all that had offerel itself) the wishes of the"government for the good of the province; and that he had been particularly prompt with his per~oi, his funds, and hi itflietice, for the defence, the .upport, and the advancement oie te town; and that he hhd at no, time had any stipend, recompense, or remuneration, of his experises, supplies, and losses, and,*had refrained from importuning the government with. solicitations, He therefore prayed for a grant in property, of eight thousand acres; but as he was ignorant of the lands that were vacant, and desirous to avoid interference and dissensions with any person, he further prayed his excellency would be

3ANUARY TERM, 1843.

25

Trhe United States v. Acosta.

pleased to grant them at the places where the surveyor-general

might survey them as vacant lands!

The decree (record 8) states, that "in virtue of the certificates

which this party presents, and it being the will of the sovereign

that the merits of his subjects should be rewarded, the lands soli-

cited in this instance are granted, with special charge to the Sur-

veyor-general to survey them to him without injury to third

persons."

The originals of the petition and decree were not produced in

·e;idence, neither are they to be found in the archives at St. Au-

gustine. A certified copy, dated 24th June, 1816, under the

hand of Thomas de Aguilar, secretary of the government, .tated

to be faithfully drawn from the original in his office, was alone

offered, and was objected to on the part of th6 appellants.

The appellee also offered the following plats and certificates of

survey, purporting to be made,by George J. F.Clarke, surveyor-

general of the province:

No. 1. Dated 12th January, 1818, for one thousand acres of

land, on Bowlegs' old plantation, and situated northwardly and

contiguous to the same Bowlegs' prairie, westward of Payneston.

No. 2. Dated 15th January, 1818, for one thousand five hun-

dred acres of land, in the hammock called Jobbin's hammock,

southwestwardly of the road called Ray's trail, leading from the

natural bridge of-the Santa. Fe, to the point of Alachua called

Hogtown.

No. 3..Dated 14th February, 1818, for one thousand five hun-

dred acres of land, northward of Dunin's creek, running from

Dunn's lakeo to the river St. John.

No. 4. Dated 20th January; 1820, for four thousand acres of

land, on .the west side of Indian river, and at a place called.

Flounder creek.

After hearing testimony as to the manner in which muniments

of title were kept in the archives at St. Augustine, the court made

a decree confirming bthfour several tracts of land to the claimant,

from which decree the present appeal is taken.

On the part of the United States, it was contended that the

said decree ought to be reversed, on the following grounds:

1. That there is not sufficient evidence to show that Governor

Coppinger ever made the alleged concession or grant.

VOL. I.-4

C

26

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v Acosta.

2. That if Governor Coppinger made such a grant, it was
made without authority. 3. That there is no description whatever in the said pretended
grant, of the lands alleged to be granted, and no valid survey could be made so as to sever any lands from the 'public domain.
4. That there is no evidence of the surveys. The foregoing statement,'offered on part of the United States, -presents the facts of -the case; and the objections to the decree below. In answer to the first, that there is not sufficient evidence the grant was made, we refer to the .case of Wiggins, (14 Peters,) which determines that the official certificates of the secretary Aguilar was primafacie proof of the existence of the original grant at the date when the copy was made; and of its contents. · In this case, Alveraz proves the certificate of the secretary genuine, hnd that he was in office at the date of the certificate. It was' in proof that no, original could be found in the proper office where it should be on file. This was sufficient to let in 'a -copy; and there being no proof to contradict, or impair the force of Aguilar's certificate, the court below properly held, that the grant had been made by Governor Coppinger. To the second objection, it is sufficient to say-that the governor, as.the king's deputy, was the sole judge of the merits on which the claim is founded, and had undoubted power to reward the merits of the grantee'; so this court has- held in many cases. 3. Although there is no description of any place -where the
land granted shall be located, in the governor's, decree; still it was binding so far as it went. The surveyor-general was' ordered to survey the lands solicited, on places' vacant, and without injury to third persons.. The act' of this-subordinate officer came in.aid of the decree; he had the authority conferred to sever the land granted from the public domain: had he done so
before the 24th of January, 1818, then there could be no doubt the.grantee took title to the .particular lands; because, up to this date, all grants made by the King of Spain, in whatever form, are recogunised as valid by thd arti,,le of the treaty. The difficulty in this case is, that two of the surveys were made after the 24th of January, 1.818: and, did the -grant take effect from the date of the surveys, then, by the stipulations of the 8th article,

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

27

The United States v. Acosta.

it wo ild.be void. This.question was first presented in Sibbald's case, 10 Peters, 321. It was thought by this court, that the'Sth article of the treaty operated on grants 'Made by the governor after the 24th of January, 1818, but not on'the subordinate acts of the surveyor in giving effect to the grant; and that..surveys could be madeat. anyjtime before the change of flags between this.government and "thatof Spain. Still, fiad that officer failed to make the surveys, the grant would not be binding on this govern,ment. We followed the case of Sibbalh in that of Clarke v. Atkinson, at the last term, 16 Peters, 2-31. This construction was given to the 8th article of the treaty, in a spirit of liberality to this description of claimants, who.'could not be held justly responsible for the delays of the surveyor-general; and because the incipient claim, by the governor's decree, was not cut off by the treaty. The surveyor-general having executed the governor's decree, we are of opinion -that the surveys made after the 4th of January, 1818, as well as those made before that date, are valid. That there are several surveys is no objection to their validity; the decree in this case obviously so.contemplated.
4. It is objected, that no sufficient evidence is.furnished by the record that the surveys were made. The cause wds first submitted to the court below, in 1834; then the two surveys last made were objected to and admitted by the court. The judge continued the cause on his own motion for further: proofs, and it stood over on continuances until 1840, when the four surveys were, read without objection. We think the proofs authorized the decree, and order that it be affirmed.

ORDERn.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from.the Superior Court for the District of East Florida, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed, byhis court, that the decree (f the said Superior Court in-this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, in all respects.

.134

I SUPREME COURT.

Bank of the United States v. Beverly et al.

proportion at the rate.of an interest of five-eighths in a moiety of the original purchase of Morris and Williams, and that the court shall take such other "proceedings in, the cause as equity may require.
ORDER.
.This cause came on to be heard on-the.transcript of the record
from the Circuit Court of the United States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel., On- consideration whereof, ,it is now here considred, ordered, aid decreed by this court, that. the decree of the said. Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed, with costs, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court, with ingtructions to that court to have an account taken; and that the complainant be allowed -his proportion at the rate of an interest of five-eighths in a moiety of the original purchase of' Morris and Williams, and that the said court shall take such other:proceedings in the cause as equity may require.

THE PRESIDENT, DIRECTORS, AND COMPANY OF THE BA or mz
'UNITED STATES, AND THE UNITED STATES, V. JiAxEs B. BEVERLY AND JANE HIS WIFE,*,WILLIAM RAMSAY AND ELIZABETh HIS WIFE,
HAMILTON AND JAYE s PETrER, HEIRS OF DAVID PETER, DECEASED, AND GRORGE PETER, SURVIVING EXECUTOR- OF DAviD ,P.TER DECEASED.
The case in 10 Peters, 562, reviewed.and confirmed. A fact tried aid decided by a court of competent jurisdiction canxiot.be. cpu-
tested again between ihe same parties; arid' there is no difference in this respect between ;L verdict and judgment-at common law and a decree of a court of equity. But an answer in Cbaxcery setting up, as a defence, the dismission of a former, bill filed b'ythe same complainants,'is not sufficient unless the rbeord be exhibited. A disposition by a testator of his personal property to purposes other thau .the paynent of his debts, with the assent of creditors, is in ilself a charge on the real estate, subjecting it to the payment of the debts of the estate, although no suuch charge is createdby the words bf the will.

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

135

Dank of the United' States v. Beverly et al.

Lapse of time is no defence where there is an unexecuted trust-to pay,debts, which this court, in 1836, decided to be unpaid in point of fact.

THis case grew out of that of Peter v. Beverly, which came beforethis court in 1836, on an appeal from the Circuit Court of the District of Columbia, in decreeing an injunction on the proceedings of the then complainants, to sell a part of the real estate of David Peter, deceased. A full report of that case will be found in 10 Peters, 52, et seq., wherein all the facts and circumstances attending it are fully set forth in the opinion of the court, and do not require repetition now. The result of that opinion was a reversal of the decree below; a.dissolution of the injunction; an order that the bill of the complainants be dismissed, and that the cause be remanded to the Circuit Court, withdirections to carry the decree of this court into effect. This was done, and the decree consummated by a sale of the property in, controversy, which consisted of those parts of the real estate of David Peter which he had by his will charged with the payment. of his debts; but they being insufficient .for the. purpose, the present bill was filed in order to subject the residue of the estate, not'so charged directly by the will, to -the payment of the residue of the debts of the-estate..
In March, 1836, the heirs or devise'es of David Peter executed adeed to John Ma rbury, aithorizing him to sell certain property, which he accordingly did ; the-amount of sales being $38,722 32 cents..
At a subsequent period of 1836, the Bank ofthe United States,. in behalf of the said bank, and of fie United States, a'nd'of such of the creditors of the estate of David Peter as should come into court and contribute to the expenses of the suit; filed .a bill against .George Peter, suriving executor, against the 'heirs or devisees of David Peter, and against John Marbury, trustee as aforesaid,. stating that the personal estate of the said testaior had been applied to the use and benefit of the heirs by -the executors, in the fulfilment of the trust 'created by'the will, and clainiig.that the real estate of the said testator, or the proceeds thereof, or as much as might be necessary, should be applied to pay whatever balance might remain due to the creditors, after selling and applying to. that purpose the- proceeds of the city lots and the land upon which Dulin lived. It prayed, also, an injdnction against Marbury, and for other and general relief.

136

SUPREME COURT'.

Bank of the United States v. Beverly et al.

In April, 1836, -thefollowing agreement was made between the counsel of the respective parties; and filed in the cause.

agreement of Counsel.
It is agreed by the parties in this cause, by their counsel, that the Bank of the United States and George Peter, who claim to be creditors of the estate of the late David Peter, for a balance of debt which may remain to them after the application of the trust estate provided in the will of the late David Peter for the payment of his debts, shall, if such balance be established against the
defendants, the heirs and devisees of David Peter, as to so much of David Peter's real estate as is conveyed to John Mlarbury, by deed filed as an exhibit with complainant's bill, look to the proceeds of sales of said ieal estate so conveyed to the said John Marb'ury, in lieu and stead of the said real estate itself.
It is further agreed, that as soon as the purchase-money of said real estate shall become'payable and be collected by said John Marbuy, he shall invest the same in his own name, as trustee, in Pennsylvania State stock, bearing interest at the rate of 5 per cent., first deducting therefrom the necessary expenses, taxes due on the said property, to the day of sale, and the c'ommissioners provided for in the said deed; the whole of the proceeds of the said .sales, after such deductions made, to be subject to the order and decree of this .court in this cause for the disposal thereof, whether the said order or decree be for the payment of debts" due'from the said estate of David Peter to the Bank of theUnited States, or to. George Peter, or other person, or from the said.heirs and devisees, or either of them, to the said Bank of the United States, or George Peter, or either of tIlem; on account of any portion of the personal estate of said David Peter, used or retained by them severally; provided, also, that it is the true intent and .meaning of this agreement, that the part, portion, of interest of each of said heirs and devisees, should be responsible only for so much of the claims and debts of said heirs and devisees, to said Bank of the .United States, or George Peter, as he or she shall be personally responsible for;*and that no one shall be held or deemed responsible for any other than him or herself.
It is further agreed, that the Bank of the United States, or George Peter, or either of them, by themselves or their agent,

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

137

Bank of the United St'ates v. Beverly et al.

may stop or postpone the sale of any portion, or the whole, of the

property advertised for the 15th inst., or any future attempted

sale of property so conveyed to said John Marbury, if they, or

either of them, should be dissatisfied with the prices bid, or.offer-

ed, for said property, or any portion thereof; provided, however,

that all the said property shall be sold during the present year,

unless the said bank and George Peter consent to further delay.

It is further agreed, that the three story brick house and, lots

appuftenant in Washington City, set forth in said deed to John

Marbury, as devised in tiust for William H. Peter, shall be sold

jointly by the said John Marbury and the -said George Peter,

sen., executor of David Peter, and upon the terms mentioned in

the deed to said John Marbnry; and that the proceeds of the

sale of the said house and lots appurtenant, after deducting, ex-

penses and taxes, shall, when the same becomes due and is col-

lected, be invested by'the said John Marbury and George Peter,

in their joint hames as trustees, in five per cent. stock of the state

of Pennsylvania, to abide the order of this court for the disposal

of the same. The said John Marbury to charge no commission

on.the proceeds of said sale, if the c;ourt shall be of opinion that

the said house and lots appurtenant be part of the real estate of

David Peter; and the. said George Peter to have no commission

ofn the proceeds thereof, if the court be of opinion that the same

is the property of the estate of William H. Peter, deceased.

It is understood and agreed, that nothing herein contained is to

be taken to amount. to an admission by the defendants, the said

heirs and devisees, or either of them, that any debt is due from

them, or .either of them, to the said complainants or the said

George Peter ; or to prevent them, or either of them, from hav-

ing the benefit of the statute of limitation, by plea or answer, or

any other defence, legal cr equitable, against the enforcement of

the claims of the complainants, or George Peter, except that the

said defendants, the said heirs and devisees, do hereby waive any

exception to the jurisdiction of the court, as to the personal estate

in this agreementmentioned.

.F. S. Ki(y, for United States Barnk.

JAs. DuxiLoP, Solicitor and Trusteefoi- Geo. Peter.

JoirN MARDURY, Sol'rfor heirs, and devisees. andhimself

tYpr'l 12th, 1836.

VoL. I.-8

X 2

13S

SUPREME -COURT.

Bank of the Dnited°States v. Beverly et al.

Afterwards all the defendants answered. George Petei, the executor, claimed to be a creditor of the estate; Marbury admitted the execution of the deed 'to .him and the sales under it; and the devisees, Beverly and others, pleaded the lapse of time and. the-statute"of limitafions'Eis a full and complete bar against the -iclaim of the complainants. They also denied all knowledge of an arrangement -withthe Bank of Columbia; required proof of it; denied.the authority of the executors-to cast any further-burden. uporn the real estate, than such as would result from a"deficiency in the personal estate; denied that the.executors applied to the -bank for indulgence; averred that the negligence of the executors -alone prevented the recovery of the purchase-money of the firm from Magkuder; averred that the children of David Peter were minors at ifhe time of his death, and incapable of consenting to any arrangement whatever with the banks; that Bpverly'bd no knowledge of, or-interest in, the property until 1819, when his marriage took place; that "they.were never able to acquire any information,, aid. ndver did, of the complicated affairs of the estatd;' praying that'the dlecree of the court, disrmissing a sirimilar -bill in 1827, may be as effectual as if formally pleaded; ·averring.that -any agfeement with the banks could affect nothing m6rethan-'the trust part of the real estaie ; they deny the authority of the court to deciee a sale of property situated in Maryland; - aver that the executors received large sums of money for 'whidh they hav.e rendered n6 account; that no part of the personal estate'came into the 1ossession of Beveily since. his marriage;
that if any part of it,carrie into the possession-of his-wife before her marriage, it-wag'very.: inconsiderable-indeed'; -and that the personal estate continued,principaliy.in the possession of George Peter, the executot, by whom it was-used wastiedand otherwiso disposed of.
, On motion of the complainants, by' their solicitor, the Circuit ,Court ordered4"that the decree of the Supreme Court, and the bill, answers, exhibits, depositiohs;and proofs in ie case of Bverly v.Peter in the said record, and on file in the said cause,'be read and made use of in the hearing of this cause."
in January, 1840, the 'papers in the, cause, with the evidence already taken aiid on file, were.referred to .the auditor to state an account between the TvartiesAlnon the principles of -is former re.Poti, and ii November, 1840, he reported as follows:

JANUARY TERM, 184.

'139

Bank of the United Stat-es v. Beverly dt al.

.dui'itor'sReport.

The'Ban.k. of t.he United States and Peter,'

v.

. )In chancery.'

The Etate of David Peter, deceased.

The u.ndersigned auditor of the Chancery Court for Washington county; District of Columbia, has had the papers filed in thiscause under examinatiofi, and now submits the following report:
That the claim of the Bank of the'United States against the estate of David Peter, with interest to 'the 12th day of November, 1840, and costs, is $46,119 75; and that the claim of George Peter, per statement herewith, is $26,607 78: Thhf the net proceeds of the sales of property sold by GeorgePeter, as executor, is $17,513 66, to which may be added the estimated value of two thousand acres of land in Montgomery county, Maryland; called Dulin's, (which originally sold. for a little, upwards of. $2o,00o,) $7500; of vacant lots in the city of Washington, $1560, and $287S15 being 'the amount awarded to the proprietd.r of *Dulin's farm by the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal 'Company, foi-. damages. done by running said canal through -that farmy.'which su'n has never been paid by the executor of David Peter. -These .several items, if the property. brings this estimatecT value, will make the sum of $Z9,386 81 for trust estate.
That the sales made by lohn Marbury, under an agreement made by the parties to this cau~se, gs per report of sales, amount to $41,731 86, but -owing to the non-compliance with.the terms of-sale, of some of the purchasersthe corrected sales as specified ih Mr. Marbury's account 'No. 2, the amount is reduced to f38,722 .2; the whole amount of the- .payments received by Mr. Marbury up to th6 20th April, 1838,-is $21,711-16, from which deduct,. for -expenses, taxes, surveying, auctioneer's, bills, and the tristee's commission $1,804 76, leaving in the hands of -the trustee, $19,906 40, which amount, according to his-report,
has been vested in the'-stock of the state -ofPennsylvania, bearing interest at 5 per. cent. ter annum. The corrected sales, as * above, amount to $38f7_02 32, to which-may *be added as'fdllows: Win. Ramig'as purchase of'lots, $2084, and Win. Stew-' art'S, $501;which still remiain for the -trustee to dispose of, and if they bring the same at which they wqre struck off at to Ram.. say.and Stewart, will- make, when- added to the $3S,722 32; the

SUPREME COURT.

Bank -of the United States v. Beverly et al.

sum of $41,307 32 as gxoss sales; in addition to this sum, there

remains twenty-four acres of land, near the city of Washington,

bought at the sale -by Mr. Upton, who never complied with the*

terms of sale, and never has paid for, which it is believed will

sell for. $1000; this will make the trustee's sales -amount to

$42,307 32, and taking the expenses, commissions, &c., as before

mentioned, it will leave in the hands of the trustee the sum of

040,502 56. That it thus .aplears, that the sales "of George

.Peter, acting under the will of David Peter, amdunt, if the sales

shall be equal to the estimate -here given, will be $29,386 81, and

those by Mr. Marbury, $40,502 56. To these sums, are to be

added the amount of interest received on the notes given in pay-

ment, and the -interest on the Pennsylvania stock.

The auditor has read aind considered the pleas of limitation

put forth by the answers of the heirs of David, Peter, and by

John Marbury, Esquire, as'their solicitor in this cause, and is of.

opinion that it is not available, under the circumstance of this

case, as it respects either of the creditors.

Submitted by

JosEPH FORIsST, duditor.

.10th November, 1840.

In t1he adidit of the 10th December, 1833, the executors are charged with the following, being for property sold An the city

,of Washington to sundry persons,. viz.-: Shaw and Elliot, lots $1000; J.Kuhn, $796 86,an.d Francis Dodg6, $175, making in the whole $1971 86. It is contended, by George Pete , the surviving executor, that he never received this amount,,or any part thereof, but that the same was received by the heirs; as Major Peter gave deeds to the purehasexs, the auditor is of opinion, that it was rightfully charged in said audit. This amount the. executor can bring into his settlement with the heirs, but not into a settlement with the creditors of the estate.
JOSEPH FORREST, duditor. 10th December, 1840.

Whereupon the complainants, by their, solicitor aforesaid, filed the following excepfion to the auditor's-report:
Complainants'. Exceptori. Because the auditor has charged George Peter, surviving executor, with the purchase-money of the lots sol&-to. K.hbi and

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

141

Bank of the United S-tates v. Be.vrly et al.

.Birth, when it was proved, that'the' same was not received by

him, but by James- B. Beverly, or was applied by him to .the

payment of debts of the deceased, for which the executor is-nbt

credited.

F. S. KEY,.for complainant.

Whereupon th6 said detendants, by their solicitor aforesaid, filed the following exceptions to the auditor's said report, to wit:

Defendqnts' Bill of Exceptions to duditor's7Report.
Exceptions on the. part: of the heirs at law and devisees of David Peter, defendants in the above cause, to the "report of Soseph Forrest, Esq., auditor, made in this cause, and filed the day of Novemb.er, in the year 1840. The said defendants except to the said report,
1. Because the auditor has allowed'a claim or debt of$46,119 25, in favour of-the complainants, the Bank of the UnIted States, against the estate of the said'David Peter and the defendaits, hig heirs and devisees, without legal, competent, and proper evidence of the existence of such debt, or of any debt whatsoever, due-. from the said David Peter, in'his lifetime, and with the pdymentof which these defendants ought to be charged in this suit.
Z. Because, in stating the'said- pretended debt or account, between the complainants and the said defendants, the heirs and. devisees of the said. DaVid Peter, the auditor has allowed compound interest, and thus,'unjustly, illegally, and oppressively increased -hesaid pretended-debt..
3.' Because, if any such debt was due from the said David Peter, in his lifetime, and -at the time of his death, which happened in the year 1812, the recovery of the same against these defendants, as the'heirs and devisees of the said David Peter, in consideration of any real estate descended from, or devised by the said David, to these defendapts, was barred by lapie of time and the provisions of the act.of limitations; unc although'these - defendants, in .their answer to the bill of complaiit, and at the hearing before the auditor, insisted on tlie lapse- f time and the provisions of the act of limitations, in bar-of the-said debt or demand of 'the complainants, the auiditor-rejected their said defence, and allowed the said debt or demand.
4. Because George, Peter, the surviving execut6r of David Peter, and one of the defendants to 'the said bill of complaint,

142

SUPREME COURT.

Bank of the United States v. Beverly et a].

having elected to. come in and contribute, with the complainants,. to the expenses of this suit, filed an account as a creditor of the estate of the said David Peter, amounting to the sum of $26,607
78, which said suin of $2660"7 78, the auditor has. allowed as a just and proper charge against the estate of the said David. Peter;
.and for the payment of which,.the real estate, devised by the said David to these defendants, ought to be sold. Whereas, these defendants say, that there is no evidence in the cause. to prove the same, or any part thereof,.to have existed as a debt- against- the said David Peter in his lifetime, or to authorize a ,decree for the" sale of the real estate devised to these defendants, by the said "David, for the payment of the same.
5. Because, each and every one of the items of.charge contained in the account of the said Geo.rge Peter, so allowed by the auditor, was of more than three years' standing before the filing of the said account, by the said,'George Peter,,with the auditor,
and before the filing of the bill of. complaint in this cause by, the Bank of -the United States, against -these defendants and the' said .George Peter, and was, at the time of the filing of the said bill of complaint, barred by lapse of time and the provisions of the act of limitations; and these defendants; at the hearing before the auditor,'and before the making of his said report, as appears by the said report, insisted on the lapse of time, and the provisions of the act of limitations, as a bar to the claim of the said George Peter; notwithstanding which, the auditor allowed the
same.. 6. Because the report of the auditor and the account accom-
panying the same, are not in pursuance of the 6rder of reference to the'auditor, but relate,-to claims and accounti not embraced in
such.'reference.
7. Because the said report, accounts'and tatements, accompanying the same, are unsupported by lgal and competent evidence in .the cause, and therefore ought to be set aside.
8. Because the sum allowed to George Peter, As surviving executor of David-Peter,. by the auditor, is fpr a general balance on the settlement of the executor's account, as is alleged, for that amount overpaid the proceeds of the estate which came to the hands of the executors, to be administered; and the defendants,
p heirs and devisees of the real estate bf the said David. Peter,

JANUARY TERM, 1843,

148

Bank of the United States v. Beverly et aL

are not chargeable by the executors, or the survivor of--hem,

with the payment of such' balance.

JoHN MAREURY,

salicitorfor the heirs and devisees of David Peter.

On -the 21st of January, 1841, the cause came on for- hearing on the exceptions to the auditor's report, and the bill, answers and exhibits, depositions and proofs and general replication; when the, court decreed that the exceptions to the auditor's report, made by complainants, be overruled, and the exceptions of'defendants to the auditor's report be confirmed; and that the bill of the complainants be dismissed with costs.
From that decree the complainants appealed to this court. Jones and Sergeant, for the appellants. Cox and Reverdy Johnson, for the appellees.

The counsel foi the appellants made the following points, That the court erred.
1; In overruling the exception of complainants. 2. In confirming the exceptions of 'defendants, the claims of the bank and of George Yeter being sustainied in the record by the proof as reported by the auditor. 3. In dismissing the billBecause: 1. The bill filed in 1827, and the proceedings thereon, were no bar to the relief now sought. 2.-Lapse of time and the statute of limitations could not,. under the circumstances of the case, operate as a bar. 3. Under the arrangement "madebetween the banks and the executors for the benefit of the heirs, and according to the provisions of thewill, the personal estate might properly be applied to the maintenance of the heirs. 4. -If so applied (as it was) the real estate wag liable to the debts; whether specifically so directed by the will, or not. 5. On that part of the real estate specifically directed .to be sold fdr the payment of the-debts appearing to -be insufficient, the rest of the zeal. estate was liable; and" itwas not necessary, it such case, to wait till an actaal sale ascertained the extent of the. insufficiency. .6. All these grounds were maintained~in the opinion of this court in the former casi between the~e parties. " ·1a that. case the court determined 'thatthe rel estate specifi-'

144

SUPREME COURT.

Bank of the United States v. Beverly et al.

cally directed to be sold to pay debts, was liable to be sold for that purpose.
This'bill avers the insufficiency of that part of the real estate (it haying been sold) to pay the debts; which is not denied in the answer. And the appellants contend that, under the will-and by the laws of Maryland, the residue of the real estate is liable to the extent of the insufficiency.
Jones argued that the act of Maryland of 1785, gave to simple contract creditors the'same remedy against heirs as spe.cialty creditors. The heirs and "devisees in this case consumed the personal fund, and the testator intended it should be s,. He had, in-effect, alienated his peisonal estate from the payment of his debts. Where the legatees have a lien, they must resort to it: I P. W. 679; 2 Powell on Devises, 654. The executor can come in as a creditor. 3 P. W. 398; 3 Gill and Johnson, 324; 6 Gill and'
Johnson, 4. The plea of limhitations cannot avail, because the will creates a trust to pay debts which consists mainly in a charge upon the real estate. The form of making the trust is not ma-
terial. If there is a charge upon the land and no trustee, the court will appoint one. 13 No. of Law Library, page 10.

Coxe, contra. The proceeding is 6xclusively upon the statute of Maryland of 1785, and not upon that of George II., making real estate subject to execution. But the debt must be in existence at the death. of the testator, and the executor's claim, here, has arisen since. See 1 Harris and Johnson,,469; 2 Bland's Cbancery,-327. In 1 Harris and Gill, 504, the petition was dismissed because it did not aver a deficiency of personal assets. The Court of Appeals reversed this, but only upon the ground that the deficiency might have been proved. But here it is neither averred nor proved. See I Bland, 415; 2 Bland, 250,472; 4 Gill and Johnson, 296. In 8 Poters, 144, the court consider this act of 1785 as an enlargement of chancery powers, and. say.that the real estate is to be sold only when there are no personal assets. This claim was not against the testator ; he died in 1812, and the Bank of the United States was not chartered until 1816. If it be by assignment, none is shown. If a guardian to the infanti had been appointed, he could not have touched the real estate. How, then, can the

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

145

Bank of the United States v. Beverly et al.

executor invblve it? Law Reporter of March, 1840, page 1. As to limitations: there is only a general replication filed, and no special matter set forth in avoidance of the plea. -The argument on the other side cannot therefore come in. 6 Peters, 64, says, "where th& statute is pleaded, replication or amended bill must set forth the facts to take it out of the statute." As to the effect of limitations, 1 Bland, 91,'470; 2 Bland, 366, 8 Peters, 528; 3 Cond. Ch. Rep. 155; 4 Harris and Gill, 126, 270; 2 Gill and Johns. 491. As to a trust reviving a debt barred by statute, 1 Russell and IMylne, 255, or 4 Cond. Ch.Rep. 413. The bill does not aver a trust; and if there be one, who is the trustee ? If it is the executor, the bill ought to have been against .him alone, 2 Johnson's Ch. Rep. 614, 623,.and authorities there cited.

R. Johnson, same side, examined,

1. Whether the case as presented bythe bill could be sustained,

supposing the creditors to be the creditors of the testator at his

death.

2. Whether they were in fact such eeditors.

3. Whether the answer and proof did not meetthe averments

of the bill.

4. Whether the complainants could come upon the real estate either upon the ground of an assigned claim to the bank, or that.

the executor had overpaid.

1. The complainants can succeed. only upon one of two

grounds--upon the act of 1785, or that there was a general trust

created. It is settled in Maryland, that under the act of 1785 there

must be an ave'ment and proof of a deficiency of personal assets.

I Harris and Gill, 504. But here the bill says there was a large per-

sonal estate. As to a general trust-how can that be,.when there

is a particular part of the estate devised to pay debts, if necessary?"

Testator died in 18f2, and bill filed in 1836; in the mean time

the debt has accumulated, by interest, to $46,000; the. executor

is a creditor to $26,000, making $72,000. The trust property is

estimated at' $29,0o0; the personal estate, which the testator

thought might be insufficient, all gone, and the general estate is

to make up $43,000. The jwhole estate will not pay the debt.

Z. They were not creditors of the original estate. The exe-

cuter's account begins in 1812, after testators .death, and the

VOL. I.-19

N

146

SUPREME COURT.

Bank of the Upited States .v. Beverly et al.

other creditors claim by assignment; but none is shown. See 7 Harris and Johns. 134; 4 Gill and Johns. 303; 6. Gill andJohns. 4.
3. Answers rely upon limitations and lapse of time. Morrison v. Bell, 1 Peters, decided that the court would not try to get out of the stktute, and in.Gray and others, 1 Harris and Gill, adopts thEL sane principle. Can the creation of a trust upon a part of the estate prevent the statute from protecting the rest? Did not the testator intend that his debts .should be soon paid, and the
residue of his estate go to his children, free from debt? Between the cestui que trust and the trusted, the statute stops; but if other
parties are brought in, it is different. If it is the law which makes this property responsible, then it is not the intention" of the testator; and if so, there was no trust, and the statute must run. 2 Story's Equity, 735, note; 2 Sch. and Lef. 630. . 4. The dismissal of a former bill is a bar to this. 2 Story's Equity, 740; Cooper's Pleading, 269-271; Mitford,.237.

,Sergeant,in reply, for appellants. The hardship of this case is not on the side of~the defendants; it is one of obstinate ingenuity on their side. Debt has never been paid, and children have had the benefit of the personal estate. No mismanagement of the fund anyw'here. The creditors are worse off than the family. 'The Bank of Columbia broke along ago; if it had exacted its debt immediately, it would have'been called a Shylock. The respondents are residuary devisees; the t6stator first provides for his wvife, -and then for his debts, and the will is the law of thd case. (Mr. S. here gave a history of the case.). The bill does not profess to be under the act of 1785. There was a special .agfeement of counsel, in which the defendants waived any objection to the jurisdiction of the court; &c.: they cannot now deny that the debt was due by the testator. We were entitled to the real, in aid of the personal, in 1813, and are so 'still. A devjse of a part of the, land to ay debts, does not exempt the rest. Whoever takes the-l.nd takes it as a trustee. Jones v. Scott, -1 Russell and Myffie, says, that the inteniion of a testator to make a trust, pre rents.the statute from running. See 2 Story's Equity, 737, 741. The question in the case is, whether the executor shall be ruined, and the legatees

JANUARY TERM, 1843.-

147

Bank of.the United StaLes v.,Beverly et aL.

get the land for nothing. The family all, concurred in what was dofie: the heirs and'devisees-had as much right as we had to go into chancery and have the-estate settled up. As to the former suit being a bar, the record does not show any thing but the answer, or whether -itwas dismissed "without prejudice."

Mr.-Justice BALDWIN delivered the opinion of the court.
.A summary of the points decided, and principles settled in'the former case between these parties, will save -much time- in the investigation of those which are involved in this.
After taking a condensed view of the will of DaVid Peter, the. court declare, that he had unquestionable right, so far as respected his children, to charge the payment of his debts upon any part of his estate he might think proper, and. that none -but a creditor could control his will in that respect; that he had constituted his widowthe trustee of the proceeds of all his estate, forthe maintenance and education of his children.; and'invested her with unlimited discretion in this respect,'so far as the proceeds of his estate would go. Whereby the surviving executor is not ac-' countable for any'thing so applied by her, even ijf she would be chargeable with a devastavit, and that the. proceeds of all his estate being thus vested ii the widow, would render it necessary, independent of any express direction in the will, that recourse be
had to the real estate for the payment of the debts. 10. Peters; 5&2, 563.' The court then decide, that the surviving executor had power to sell, and that it was impossible to draw any other conclusion, than that it was the intention of the' testator that the sale should be so made. 10 Peters, 566. . On the inquiry whether there is any subsisting debt due from the estate of David Peter to the banks, the court say, there is no pretence that they have been paid in fact, and if not, the trust remains unexecuted, and the land still remains, charged with it. If the executors hav6 paid the banks, or the banks have, accepted their notes in payment of the notes of the testator, the only effect is, that.the executors became the creditors instead of the banks, and may resort to the trust fund to satisfy the debt Bdt the court also say, that under the circumstances of.the case, there is.no" ground 'for con-.. sidering the debt of the banks to be extinguished, and they then proceed to state-the result of their consideration to be:this.

148

SUPREME COURT;

Bank of the United Sfates v. Beverly et al.

That -the will created a power coupled with an interest that survives 5 that the surviving executor is the person authorized to exeocute-that power and fulfil that trust; that the debt due the banks has not' been extinguished, or the estate .in any way dis-
charged from the payment. That the executors, are not chargeable with negligence or such misapplication of the personal estateas to make them responsible for the payment of these debts; and
that from the auditor's report on the accounts of the executors, exhibited to, and allbwed by him, there has at all times been, and now is, a considerable balance in favour of the executors againsE the estate. The court, then, refer to the exceptions taken to the auditor's report, and declare them to have been properly overruled by the couirt below, and proceed to render their decree as before referred to. 10 Peters, 569, 570-
So far, then, as related to the construction of the will, the disposition of the personal property, the charge of existing debts on the real estate, the power of the executor, the 'existewce of a trust, and their duty to execute it by a sale of the property charged by the will, the decision of the court has' settled- the rules' and principles on which the present controversy must be determined if they are applicable; it was made on great consideration,
founded on, uthority, and nothing which hag been urged. in the' argument of this case has caused us to entertain the least doubt of its entire conformity to the well established law of equity. So far as the evidence and "factsof that case were considered atd adjudicated, the.decree of this court is final and conclusive; the parties and the subjects of controversy between them were the same as are now before us; negligen ce and misapplication of assets were charged on the executors, the existence of debts to* them or the banks was. denied by the then complainants, and now defendants, and both facts adjddged and decided adversely to them; and the auditor's report was confirmed, whereby every fact it contained became established and binding on the parties in any future .controversy, as to any matter.thus adjudicated.
In Hopkins v. Lee, this court state the settled law of all courts '.to be, that, as a general rule, a fact which has been directly tried
and decided by.a court of competent jurisdiction, cannot be contested again between the same parties, in the sa. .e or any other' court. Hence a verdict and judgment of, a court of record, or a

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

149

nk of the'United States v. Beverly et al.

decree in chancery, althobugh not binding on strangers, pUts'an end to all further controversy concern ing the pohits thus decided between the parties to such suit. In this, there is, and ought to be, no difference between a verdict and judgment in a court of corimon law and, a decree of a court -of equity. They both stand on -the same footing. 6 Wheat. 113, 114; S. P. 1 Wheat. 355; 12 Peters, 492. Whatever, therefore, our opinion might now be as to the facts adjudicated in the former case, the-judicial power is incompetent to revise the evidence on which the decree was rendered, on any ground now set up in the answer of the defendants, or apparent on the present record, and they must be taken to be beyond all controvery in this or any future case betweep the parties. Before -proceeding to consider the questions appropriate to this cause, a reference to the case ot Fenwick v. Chapman, 9 Peters, 466, will be useful, in order to ascertainwhat principles were there laid-down and are applicable to the present controversy. Adoptihg the general rule that the personal estate of a testator shall in all cases be primarily applied to the *discharge-of his persQnal debts or general legacies, unless he by express words or manifest intefition exempt it, the .court thus qualify the rule; where the testator's intention clearly appears that a legacy shall be paid at all events, the real estate is made liable on a deficiency of personal assets. So where without any assistance from the will, the nature of the thing' to be done may clearly show the intention to charge the real estate with a debt'; as., where the thing to be done cannot be partially performed by the executor, without defeating the instruction which directs it, and the thing itself.' On this principle the court holds, that the manumission of slaves-pursuant to.the directions of a will under the law.of Maryland(whic'h is the law of the eastern part of this district) operates hs a specific legacy to the slaves, and to charge the real estate with the payment of the debts of the testator, even though -he may have, at the time of his death; no other -personal property than slaves. 9 Peters, 4711, 473. That the creditor-may be carried into a court of equity, or voluntarily resort to it to obtain his debt, either from, the lands or the personalty, when the testator leaves it. doubtful from what fund his "debts aie to be paid ; that laids devised for the payment of *debts, or which have become chargeable by implication, constitute
x 2

150

SUPREME COURT.

Bank of the United States v. Beverly et al.

a fund for the payment of debts, and ar ampe and plain remedy is admitted to exist in the law -f Maryland, soto apply them:
"The will is the ezteeutor's law, and he is no more than the testator's represbntativ.e in all things lawful in the will. A special legacy of 'all the -personal prope'ty is a. law to him;", if there is an insufficiency of Ifpersonal assets to pay debts, it is the executor's duty to file a bill against thd creditors and all interested. in the estate.;" " praying that the lands may be made liable to the. payment of. debts, that equity may be done to all toncernedaccording to the law of equity;". 9 Peters, 474, 475. When he is charged with the, sale of the testator's lands for the payment of debts, it is his duty to execute the whole of the testator's will;: and in such a case the creditors- have as good a right to look to the land through him, for the payment of their debts, as they have to look to the goods and chattels through hih, 9 Peters, 477; and they must pursue their claims in equity,.or according to the statutes of Maryland subjectiig real estate to the payment of debts, to. make their debts out of the laud,. 9 Peters, 481, 482. These statutes ar the-4 Geo. 2, adopted in Marylana, and the act of' 1785k c. 72, sect. 5, which is 'recited in the Bank of the United States v. Rit6hie, 8 Peters, 143, and which this court there declare has been construed in that state to be an enlargement of jurisdiction, and that decrees'for selling the lands of minors and lfnatics, in the cases prescribed by it, have been treated by the Court of Appeals, as the exercise of other equity powers.. That these opinions of this court are -i accordance as well with the statutes of Maryland, and the established rules of equity in cases of this"description, we. have no doubt; nor of their application to the present. It must ,therefore be taken to be a settled point, 'that a disposition -by a- testator of his persopal p'roperty tq pur*poses other than the payment of his. debts, with the assent of' creditors, is- iu itself a. charge on the real estate, subjecting it to the payment of the debts of the estate, though no such charge is * created by the words, of the will. A trust is thereby raised which devolves on the executor, who. may-execute it by his own au-. thority, or be compelled to do it by a bill filed by the creditors,
either under the statute of 1785, or in virtue of-the pogWers of a court of equity in relation to'the execution of trusts, as the case
may be; in this case 1here.was such a trust fastened on the pra-

JANUARY TERM, -IS3.1
-Bank of the United States v. Beverly et aL.
perty in controversy by implication of law, and the presumed intention of the testator, which can be.enforced by these complainants, unless some valid objection has been made. out by the respondents.
*Ithas been contended that the frame of the bill is too defective. to justify any action upon it, for the want of necessary averments, but when we take it in connection-with the former cause to which it refers,the agreement of the parties on file, and the-answer of the defendants, we think that *a satisfactory answer is at hand. 'The object of the bill is clearly stated, such averments are setforth as on its' fac, shows-some equity which requires an .answer; informal as- they may be, they ivould Stand the test of a, demurrer, especially with the aid of the "agreemen't, by which"it -appears that the defendants fully understood the nature of the plaintiff's case, the object sought..and the evidence bn which they would rely. 'The answer is full to every matter of fact or law which could be averred in the best drawn bill; there has l'een 'no allegation of *surprise,or any want of notice of the grounds on which the plaintiff rested his case, and the parties veent to. the hearitnig on the- bill 'as it stood, fullly prepared to cQntest their respective claims, As 'they had done in the first case, of which this was .well known to be the consequence. Under such circum-stanqes the objection is entitled to no favour, and is bat sustainable as an obstacle to our action upon the merits of the cause.
The answer sets iip'the' dismission of a bill filed by the complainants in 1827, against the defendants, for the same relief as is prayed for in the present bill, as a bar thereto; but no rec6rd of such case is set out or exhibited, so that, however true the answe, may-e in fact, it cannot avail in law. Tfi this respect it is not respoiisive to the bill'; it sets up distinct affirmative matter of defence and bar, which the defendants must prove, or it can have no effect for either purp9se.
The statute of limitations, and. the loss of'time frbm the death. of David Peter to the filing-9f-the bill, are also plead and relied on, as a br, but we think that neither cai apply. to, this case, which is an unexecuted trust for the payment 6f debts adjudged by this court in 1836, to be unpaid in point of fact, and'then existing in *favoui of the banks and execufor, and the present .bil[ *as filed soon a'fter" the decision was made.. ,The confirmation of the au-

162

SUPREME COURT.

Bank of the United States v. Beverly-et a].

ditor's report, made in that case, is conclusive-to showthe amount of such debts at that time; so is his report in this case as to their present amount: we cannot look through these reports for the evidence on which they were made; they have passed to judgment, and have the sanctity of records.
The remaining objections to the relief prayed for by the bill, which are founded on the principles of the law or the rules of equity, are covered by the former -decisions of this court; those whichf arise froin the evidence in the cause as to matters of fact material to our decision, are no longer open to controversy, and we are clearly of opinion that the complainants have made out their case in point of law and fact.
The decree of the Circuit'Court must consequently be reversed. The cause is remanded with directions to make a decree in conformity with this opinion, by ordering a sale of the property in controversy, and consistently with, the agreement of the parties filed of record, and the rules of equity as to the time of disposing of the several parts thereof, -specificallydevised by the will of David Peter. It.is also directed', that the Circuit Court decree on the report of an &uditor,or as they may think proper, to what part or items of the account of George Peter, a preference ought to be given in payment over thd other creditors of the estate'of-the testator, and inake a final order thereon according to law and equity.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript ot the record from the Circuit Court of 'the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for tOe county of Washington, and was argued 1y counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and decreed by this courti, th&t the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed, with costs, and that this cause be and the same is hereby re-. manded to the said. Circuit Court, with directions to proceed therein according to the opinion of this court, and in conformity to the principles.of law and justice.

. -SUPREME COURT.
JAMES WILLIAMS, PLAINTrF m:.ERROR, V. THE UNITED STATES, DEPENDANTS IN ERROR.
The act of Congress passed January .31st, 1823, prohibiting the advance of public money in any case whatsoever to the disbursing offic.ers of government, except under the special direction of the President, doesnot require the personal and iministerial performance of this duty, to be exercised in every instance by tie President under his own hand.
Such a practice, if it were possible, would absorb ihe duties of the various'departments of the government in the personal -actiQn of the one chief executive officer, and be fraught with mischief to the public service.
The President's duty, in general, requires his superintendence of the.administration, yet he cannot be required to become the administrative officer of every department and bureatr, br to perform in person the numerous details incident to services, which, nevertheless, he is, in a correct sense, by the Constitution and laws required and expected to perform.
It is legal evidende that the President specially authorized and directed, in -writing, the secretary of the Treasury to make such advances, and that such paper was destroyed, when -the Treasury building -was burned. It is sufficient if the witness states his belief that it was so destroyed. The case in, 9 Wheat. 486, examined and confirmed.
The dockets and records of a court, showing that money had been,Aeceived-by the marshal or.his deputies, undbr executions, are good* evidence, in a suitagainst his securities. The acts of the'court must, in the first instance, hepresumed to be regular, and in confprmity with settled usage; and are conclusive until reversed by a competent authority..
THsS case came up by writ of errdr from the Circuif Court of. the United States -f6r the District of Columbia-.olden in.and:for the county of Washington.
The facts were these: On' the 4th of Fe*bruary, 1831i Henrjr AshtQu was appointed marshal of the District of Columbia, and on the 7th executeda bond for, the faithful peiformarice of the duties,'by himself and his deputies. There were several secixities, among whom was James Williams, the plainiiff in' error. He remained In bffice until the 28th of February, 1834. In June, 1835, the United States brought suit upon the bond, to which there was a plea of performance. The replication assigned five breaches. 1. That he had neglected to return executions issued for fines and costs. 2. That le had discharged persons committed to his custody under execution. 3. That he had ntt accounted for fines paid. 4. That he had hot accounted

J-ANUARY TERA, I .

291

Williams v. Th -United States.

for money advanced to him by the secretaxy'bf-the 'Treasury under the.spemial direction of the President of the United States;. and, 5. That he had discharged persons from-prisonwithfit authority of. law. To this replication, there were a rejoinder and issues, -nd in 1839 the case wastried. The verdict of the jury was fof the United States.' The two -bills of exception taken at the trial aie set forth"in the opinion o the court, and need -not be
repeated. Bradley;,for the plaintiff in error. Legar , attorney-general, for the United States.

Bradley made the following points:
1. The Pregident of the United States holds a relation-toward the secretafy of the-Treasury different from.that which he holds toward the head of any other depariment.
2. No money can be draw.n from the Treasury but in the manner and upon the vouchers designated by law.
3. Where a special discretion is given by positive law to the President to direct money appropriated by law to be paid out of the Treasury, it must be exercised by him alone, and cannot be delegated.
4. Where money is by l?.w to be drawn from the Treasury by a special authority,. different from the usual manner, that special
authority must be deposited in -the Treasury Depar.tment,.'and form part in the settlement of the Treasury account.
5. And' The Treasury transcript is not evidence per se to charge a surety with money so paid to his principal; but must be accompanied 'by a copy of the voucher on which such payment was made.
To support them, he rgued that the United States were bound to show the exercise of the special power vested in the Presideift. The'.Treasury -transcript is not conclusive evidence that 'the money was drawn from the Treasury legally. .5 Peters, 292; 8 Peters, 375. -Evidence of the contents of the order said to have been given by the President could not be , eceived, as there was no proof of its loss. 2 Stark. Ev. 350. .Court say, in 1 Peters, 596, that proof mu§t be given of its loss, and that it was searched for. -ifthe money was not *placed with the marshal according to law, the United States cannot recover.'

"292

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. The United States.

As to thesecond exception :. The declarations of the maishal do not bind the sureties; hot evidence unless in the regular course of his business, and he.'had n6thing to do with the docker. If an endorsement be made on the writ, it is his official act, but not otherwise. 3 JBro. and
Bing. 132.. The act- of Maryland, February, 1777, c. 13, see. 2, provides
for the recovery of common law fines by fieri fa ias or ca. sa., but the*act of 1797,"c. 74, directs capias ad satisfaciendurh to be issued for all fines. Here'were ft. fa. for common law
fines, which proceeding~was contrary to law. 'The act of if794,
c. 54, provides remedies against the sheriT and, of course, the marshal; judgment should have been entered up against him. No action on the bond until a judicial sentence of default 18 Johns. 391.

Legarg,for the United States.
If the President.could not delegate this 'power, he could do little else but look at marshal's accounts. But this court have recognised, the authority to delegate. Wilcox 'v. Jackson, 13 Peters; 10 Peters, 291; 1 Peters, 296.
As to the evidence: The court has allowed reasonable evidence to be given.. 7 Peters, 99; 12 Peters, 3.
As to the Maryland practice: The general rule is, that an admission of a deputy does not bind surety; but see 10 Barn. and Cres. 17, 317. In this case the party is dead, and it is his declaration against his own interest. But the acts of parties, part of the res gesta, are binding. 8 Wheat. 326; 3 Wash. C. C. R. 369. The confession of an under-sheriff evidence against the sheriff. 1 Lord Raym. 190. At common law,fi.fa. could issue for fines. 3 Coke, 12, b; 2 Just. 19. The act of Maryland was merely directory. Inventory of sheriff evidence between. other parties. Buller's N. P. 249; 2 Campb. 379.

Bradley, in conclusion:
The act of 1809, c. 199, gives the President power to transfer appropriations; but no one suppioses he can delegate this power to the secretary. In Kendall's case, 12 Peters,, the court draw a

JANUARY TERM, i843.

293

Williams v. The United States..

distinction between general and special powers. General'rule is, that discretionary powers cannot be delegated.

Mr. Justice DANIEL delivered the opinion of the court.
'This cause comes up on a writ Pf error to the' Circuit Court of the Uhited States for the District of Columbia..
The deferdants in. error instituted an action of debt in the Circuit Court against the plaintiff in error, as.surety for:Henry Ashton, deceased, late marshal of the District of Columbia, in a bond executed by"Ashton, conditioned for, the faithful perform-'. ance of the duties of his office: On oyer of'the bond, the defendant pleaded generally conditions performed by the marshal and his deputies; 'after this plea various breaches of the condition ofthe bond were specially assigned,- charging the late marshal with failing .to account for moneys advanced to him by the secretary of the Treasury, under special dfrection of the President of the United States; with not having accounted. for and paid over moneys received by him and his deputies on executions, and with having failed to collect under executions which came to his hands, moneys that .he ought to have collected from persons who were solvent. Issues. were taken to the country. upon the several breaches 'thus assigned,, and the jury erhpanaelled to' try 'those issues,-returned as their verdict.in-substance, that the said'Henry Ashton; by-himg6lf and his deputies, did not-,well and faithfully perform and fulfil all the duties 'of his office bf. narshal of the district, in. piur'uanc. of the acts of Congress in such cases made and provided; and they found the surm of-$827q g5" cents, with interest Thereon from the 24th dayof November, 1836, to be really afnd justly due--to'the United States on the marshal's bond. . Upon .this verdict the Court gave7a judgment for. 20,000,-the penalty or the bond, but to be disoharged by the' amount assessed by the jury, together with the costs of suit.
At the trial, and before the jurors withdrew from the bar, the defendant below tendered two -bills of. exceptions to the. ruling of-the court in the cause, which bills of exceptions are as follow:
-Defendant's first bill of exceptions.-On the- trial of this cause, the plaintiffs, to-support the issues joined, on their part, offered to give in evidence the accounts settled between the United States
2 B2

294

SUPREME COUR.

·Williams. .'The"United.States.

and Henry Ashton, late marshal of the District of Columbia, upon

whose official bond this a&ion is brought against the defendant, as one of the sureties therein named. By these accounts it appears, that a balance appears'due from the said Ashton to the

United States, of $6455. 16. That in making up the said balance, various sums of money were, from time to time; during his continuance in office, advanced and paid to him, as marshal as aforesaid, out of the Treasury of the United States, by order of the secretary of the Treasury, before the said Ashton, as marshal, had rendered accounts or vouchers, showing,that he had himself

advanced and paid the same, or any part thereof, to those entitled by law to receive the same; and while balances -for moneys pre-. viously advanced to him existed on the books of the department, and before it had been shown that the -same had been properly applied and expended, and when the said sum. of $6455 16, was not in fact due from the United 'States for any services rendered

or money expended. And the plaintiffs offered in evidence the statements of Asbury
·Dickins, formerly a clerk in the Treasury Department, and of McClintock Young, now chief clerk of said department; which,

.reserving all objections- to the competency of such testimony, it was agreed should be received as if said parties had been sworn in the ease, and had testified in accordance with said statements. To the admissibility of all which testimony the defendant objects, but the court overruled the objection, and the defendant, by his

counsel, excepts; and the said evidence being thus admitted to go

to the jury, the counsel for the plaintiffs prayed the court to in-

struct the jury, that upon this evidence the plaintiff "was entitled

to recover'the said suim of $6445 16, against the defendant; and

the court overruling the objection of the defendant thereto, gave

said instruction, to which the defendant excepts; and the court,

in pursuance of the statute, sign and seal this bill of exceptions to

all the matters so ruled, as aforesaid, this lth day of January,

1840.

W. CRANCH,

[L. S.]

B. THRUSTON,

[L. s.]

JAmEs S. MORSELL. [L. s.]

Second bill of exceptions.-In the further trial of this cause, the plaintiffs produced the dockets and records of this court, showing that in i number of cases where judgment had been entered

JANUARY TERM., 1843.

295.

Williams ". The United States.

against. defendants ior common law fines,'forfeitures, and costs,

adjudged agains(the said defendants, and the said defendants had

paid the said amounts, so espectively adjudged again.st them, to

the marshal, ahd entries were thereupon. made by the said mar-

shal or his deputy, on the dockets of said courts, "*money made

and ready," "money paid," and that the amounts so'received by

said marshal amounted t6 the sum of

And the plaintiffs further proved by the dockets, -records, &c.,

as aforesaid, that certain sums of money were adjudged by the

court aforesaid, against-certain defendants, for qommon law fines,

forfetures, and costs,.upon which writs of ca. sa. were 'issued,

which writs were ieturned by the marshal, "1§atisfied marshal,"

and showed that the said sums so received by said Ashton,

amounted to

And the defendant objected to -the said several amounts as

being. recoerable.-in this action against the said defendant, and

prayed the court to instruict the jury that he was not liable there'-

for; but the court Tefused o to instruct the jury, and instructed

them that the defendant was liable for the amounts so -received

by said Ashton:.

To which refusal the defendant, by his counsel, excepts, and

prays the c6urt to.sign and seal this bill 'of exceptions, which is

done accordingly, this 11th dav of Janu'ary, 18.40..

W. CAN ,

[.. s.]

*JAMES S. MO!RSELL. [L. s.]

The staternnts ofAsbury Dickins and McClintock Young, referred to in the"first bill of'exception's, in th following words:

.WashingtonjJanuary 11, 1840.
DEAR SI :-In compliance with your request, I now state, as. - I mentioned. to you verbally, some time agod, that it is within my recollection that soon after the passing-of the 4"act (of the 3-1st of January, 1823,) concerning the disbursement of public money," the secretary of the .Treasury was specially authorized and directed in writing, by the President of the United States, to make such advances of money, from time to time, to various classes of the disbursing officers of the government, and among others to the marshals of the United States, as should be found necesary, to the faithful and prompt discharge of their respective duties, and

296

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v.., The United States.

to the fulfilment of the public engagements. The papers ctntaining these direction6 of the President were, as I believe, destroyed in-the late burning 'of the Treasury building.
I am, dear sir, sincerely yours, AsBURy DIC-UNS.
-To Frandsi S. Key, .Esq,, 4.c. 4-c. 4-c

DEAR. SiR :--In reply to your inquiry, I have to state, that all

-advances -to marshals U. S. are made by the secretary of the

Treasury; and not by.direction of the accounting officers.

Yours'resp'y,

11th Jranuary,1840.

MeC. YOUNG.

. S. Key,. Esq.

The .qpestions presented. for considejation here upon the aforegoing'bills of' exceptions, and the proofs to which 'they refer are these: 1.' Whether the.sums of m'oney placed in the hands of the late marshal by the secretary of the Treasury, and Ijorming a part of the aggregate foun'd bythe verdict of the, jury, were so advanced in conformity with the law, -as to create a liability on the part of the sureties of the marshal for their proper aiplication by that 6fficer? . and
.2: Whether th several suns admitted' to have been.paid to the marshal upon executions for. fines, forfeitures, and costs adjudged against'varibus defendants, and as to a part of which sums the marshal or his deputy had made upon "the dockets of the court,", the following entries, "money- made and'ieady" and "money paid;" and as to other portions of which levied on executions for fines and forfeitures, the marshal had made on the executions themselves this entry, " satisfied Marshal," were'so proved to have been received'by the marshal in virtue of his office, as to r6nder his sureties responsible for these latter-sums ?
Under the first of these inquiries, it is contended for the plain-
tiff in error, that -the act of Congress of-January 31,1823, expressly prohibits the advancing of public money in any-case whatsoever,. except under the special direction of the Presidiutito the disbursing officers of the government, fdr Ahe faithful and prompt discharge of their public duties, and to the fulfilment of the*public faith- and it is insisted upon as the correct interpretation of this statute, that the power thereby vested-to make advances for the

3ANUARY TERM,. 1843.

297

Williams v. The United States.

public service, is not one appertaining to the offitce of President, but is an authority strictly personal and ministerial, to be exercised. in every instance only by the individual himself, by his own hand, and never in any respect to be delegated. Such an interpretation of the law this court can by no means admit. Whil' it has been doubtless the object of Congress to secure economy and re'gularity in public disbursements, and for that end to limit, as far as was proler, the discretion of subordinate agents over the public money, it never can be. reasonable to ascribe to them a. conduct which must defeat every beneficial end they could. have in view, and render the government an absolutely impracticable machine. -The President's duty in general, requires his superintendence of the administration; yet this duty cannot reqluire of him to become'the administrative officer of every department and bureau, or to perform in person the numerous details incident to services, which, nevertheless, he is, in a correct sense,-by the Constitution and laws required and expected to perform. This cannot be, 1st, Because, if it were practicable, it would be to absorb the duties and responsibilities of the various departments of the government in the personal action of the one chief executive officer. It cannot be, for the stronger reason, that it.is impracticable-nay, impossible. The position here assumed may be illustrated in the single example of a marshal. This officer has various. duties to perform, which,. though well understood, yet all of them, as to duration and extent, contingent, and varying, of courge, as to the quafitum of expense attending their performance. He is to summon and pay grand and petit juries and. witnesses; to provide stationery and fuel for the court; guards for the transportation and safe-keeping..of- prisoners; to pay the, per diem allowed to'clerks and attorneys, and other incidental charges. If ,the argument-for the plaintiff ine"rror be correct, it would be indispensable either that the.President should 'ascertain (and that too .before their performance, or, in other words, their existence) these indefinable services, and,. when so ascertained, that he, under his own hand, and rione othef, should give special written
instructions for the payment of each one of them; or that the marshal'should, upon credit, or from his own private resources, obtain the performance of theseservices, and await his reimbursement upon accounts to be subsequently allowed and cer-
VOL. I.-39

SUPREME COURT.
Williams v. The United States.
tified by the cou't. Such consequences, so fraught with mischief to the public service, utterly forbid the construction of the law contended for by the plaintiff in error. If it be asked, How then shall the provisions and the purposes of the statute be fulfilled? the answer is obvious, and satisfies at once the meaning, of the law and.the public exigencies. Average estimates may be formed of the expenses incident to the courts, and instructions may be given by the President to the secretary of the Tre,4sury to make adances from time to time, either upon the basis of those estimates, or upon statements or requisitions made by the marshals themselves, showing the necessity of advances to meet the public service. And this plain and only feasible mode of complying with the law appears to have been adopted and to have become the settled .usage of the government, as is shown by the testimony of Asbury Dickins, admitted by the parties to be received as if taken upon oath. It is insisted, however, that if this' interpretation of the statute be the true.one, still a compliance with its requirements has not been shown; thatneitfier is an order from the President to the secretary of the'Treasury nor the copy of such an order produced-; nor is the absence of both or either of these so accounted for as to authorize the admission of inferior evidence to supply their place. "How stands this objection? Dickins, formerly a clerk in the Treasury Department, states it to be a fact "within his recollection; that soon after the passing of the act of January 31, 1823, concerning the disbursement of the public money, the secretary of the Treasury was specially authorized and directed in writing, by the President of the United States, to make such advances *of money, from time to time, to variousclasses of disbursing officers of the governmeIt, and among others to the marshals, as should be found necessary to the faithful and prompt discharge of their respective duties, and to the fulfilment of the public engagements. The papers containing these directions of the President were, as he believes, destroyed in the late burning of the Treasury building." The general principle as to-the admissibility of secondary evidence is familiar to all, and will receive no comment from the court; but we will simply inquire.whether the facts here shown do not present a case falling within the operation of that principle? What does .Dickins prove? 1st, The existence of the special written- instruc-

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

299

Williams v. The United States.

tion from the President, made expressly to carry into effect the law of 1823, and forming the established rule and usage of the department; 2d, The conflagration of the Treasury Department, the legal and .proper. depository for this instruction; and, 3dly, The beliefof'the witness, then a clerk in the Department, and,
by consequence, to a great extent cognisant of its arrangement
and condition, that the document was destroyed in that conflagration. Authorities need not be multiplied to show that the case- before us is completely within the rule respecting secondary evidence; a single decision of this court will be cited, as placini that matter wholly beyond controversy. In Riggs v. Tayloe, 9 Wheat. 486, the court, after laying down the general rule, pro-
ceeds thus: "It is contended that the affidavit is defective; not being sufficiently certain and positive as to the loss of the particular writing. The affiant only.states his impression that be tore it up; and if he did not tear it up, it has become lost or mislaid; that this is in the alternative, and not certain and positive. We do not-concur in this reasoning. An impression is an image fixed in the mind; ii is belief; and believing the.paper in questioi was destroyed has been deemed sufficient to let in'the secondary evidence." The testimony of Dickins appears to this court much more direct upon the point than that admitted in the case of Riggs v. Tayloe: we consider it as fully justifying oral proof of the contents of the instrument to which it related, and as establishing the character and import of that instrument, as well as the usage founded thereupon; and upon this fact of the usage, Dickins is corroborated by the testimony of Young, the chief clerk in the Treasury Department at the time of the trial.-
In considering the second exception made by the defendant, it may -be remarked that the grounds of the -exception are not stated with that distinctness and precision necessary to clear it entirely of obscurity- still the statement is thought to contain enough to 'guide the court to a correct solution of the question
involved. The second bill of exceptions sets forth that the plaintiffs produced the dockets and'records of the court, shoxxing that in a number of cases where judgments had been entered against 'defendants for common law fines, forfeitures, and costs, and the said defendants had paid the amounts so respectively adjudged against them to the marshal, and em ,es were made by the, said

300

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. The United States.

marshal or his deputy, on the said dockets, "money made and ready,' "money paid;" aPd that the amounts so, received amounted, &c. And again: The plaintiffs further proved by the dockets, records, &c., that certain sums of money were adjudged by the court against certain defendants for fines, forfeitures, &c., upon which judgments 'rrits of ca. sa. were issued, Which writs were returned by the marshal, "satisfied marshal," and showed that the said sums amounted, &c. In the evidence set forth upon the face of theke exceptions, nothing particular is disclosed relative to the modes of proceeding on executions, or of the means in practice by the court for recording and preserving the evidence of such proceedings, or of the acts and returns of the officers who may be charged with the management of final process; of course nothing is adduced to impeach.the regularity of the ieception by the court, of the returns and entries made by the marshal, or of the manner of placipg them permanently upon the archives of the court. But it isadmitted in the exception, that all these things are appareut on the records, viz.: The judgments and executions; the receipt of the money by the marshal, and his admissions of the receipt therecf, both by himself and his deputies. These facts are conceded to be parts of the records of the court to which the officer properly belonged, and before which his conduct .was regularly cognisable: a tribunal in all respects competent to pass upon his acts; competent to fashion its records, and to preserve the evidences of its own proceedings and of the acts of 'its officers. The acts of this court, then, must, in the first instance, be presumed to be regular, and in conformity with settled usage; and they dre conclusive ,until they shall be reversed by a competent power, and.upon a case properly made. Upon
both the instructions-given and excepted to, in this cause, we approve the opinion of the Circuit Court, and therefore affirm the same.
ORDER.
This cause came on to .be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of .the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof,-it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circtuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed.

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

211

Connor v. Bradley pt ux.

make it- necessary to carry into all former laws the same literal exposition of'the various terms used to express the same thing, and fhereby changing the law according to every change of nere phraseology, make it a labyrinth of inextridable confusion.
We are, therefore, of opinion that there is no error in the charge of the court below, and that its judgment be affir'med.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard on the 'transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the western district of Pennsylvania and was argued by counsel. On cousideration whereof, it is ndv- here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said 'Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costm.

MARY ANN CONNOR, V. HENRY BRADLEY AND MARY, 111S WIFE.
rn.an action of ejectment, if the plaintiff count upon a lease to himself -from a person whom the evidence shows to have been .dead at the time, it is bdd.
It is a settled rule at common law, that where a right of re-entry.is claimed on the ground of forfeiture for nonpayment of rent, there must be proof of a demand of the precise sum due at a convenient time before sunset, on the day when the rent is itue, upon the land, in the most notorious place of it, even though there be no person on th land to pay.
In proceeding under the statute of,4 Geo. 2, it must be alleged and proved, that there was no sufficient distress" upon the premises on some day or period between tlhe time at which the rent felt due and the day of the demise; and if the time when, according to the prdofs, there was not asufficient distress upon the premiaes, be -ubsequent to 'the day of the demise, it is bad.
THis case was brought up by writ of error, to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia and county of Washington.
The case"was this: In 1807, William Prout, living in the city of Washington, and being the owner,.in fee, of d lot .in said city, made a lease of a part ofit to Joseph B. Parsons, for the term of ninety-nine years,
renewable forever. It was in' the usual form and contained the hsual covtenants, (with the exception of the one hereafter

212

SUPREME COURT.

Connor v, -Bradley et ux.'

mentioned,) reserving an annual rent of thiriy-five dollars, paya-' ble on the 13th' day of March, clear of all iaxes, charges, rates, or assessments whatsoever. There was a covenant that if the said yearly rent of thirty-five dollars should be unpaid at the expiration of sixty days after it was due, and. nio sufficient effects could be found upon the.premises, whereon to levy -the sane, it should be'lawful for Prout, his heirs or assigns, to re-enter and take possession of the leased premises.
The special covenant was to this effect, that if at any time or. times thereafter, and-before the expiration of the lease, Parsons, or his heirs, executors, &c., should pay to the said Prout, his heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, the sum of SI'6 S71 cents'over and above all. rents for said piece of ground that might then be in arrear, that- then the'said. Pront, his heirs, &c., should make and execute a good and sufficient deed of-release in fee simple to the said Parsons, his heirs, &c.- for the said piece or portion of ground.
In 1813, Parsons died, having occupied the leased.property from the time that the lease was made.
In 1815, and prior thereto, the widow of Parsons, Who con tinued in possession of the property, paid to Prout $100 on ae count of the purchase of the fee simple in the said lot.
In 1823, 'rout died; Mary B radley, one of the lessors of the plaintiff,- being one of his surviving children.-. After Prdut's death, the widow of Parsons gave possession of the property in quesfioft'to Mary Ann Connor, the defendant in the ejectment, who for some time paid the taxes as they accrued, and also paid various sums of money on account of the rent due, and in arrear., and of the accruing rent.
In 1831, a partition of the estate.of Prout was made, according to law,. among his children, and the leased premises in-question were assigned to Mary Bradley. After the partition, Mary Ann Connor made payments on account of the rent to Mary Bradley, and also paid the taxes to the corporation of the city of Washington, up to the year 1831, but omitted to pay the taxes for the years 1831, 1832, 1833, and 1834, amounting in all to $44 33 cents.
In 1835, George Adams, the collector of taxes for the corporation of Washington, after.having'advertised the property; set up to sale the leasehold interest'in the said piemises, but receiving

JANUARY TERM,. 1S43.

213

Conn.or t. Bradley et ux.

no bid for the same, immediately thereafter exposed to public sale.the fee simple interest and estate, which was purchased by one Allison N'ailor, forthe sum of $49 83 cents, being the amomit of taxes due thereon, together with the expense of selling the same.. The property had been assessed on the books of the corporation of Washington, from 1818 to.1838 in, the name of Joseph B. Parsons.'s heirs.
Qn the 2d of June, 1838, the corporation of Washington made a deed of the premises to Allison Nailor, and, in November following, he corveyed them to Mary Ann Connor.
In,. November, 1838, Henry Bradley, and Mary his wife, brought an ejectment against'Mary Ann Connorcounting on two" demises; one from William Prout, on. the 1st day of January, 1827, and the other from Henry Bradley and Mary his wife, on the 1st day of January, 1838.
The judgment of the court below was for the plaintiffs.. Two bills of exceptions were taken, the first of which it is only necessary to notice, and which.is stated at large in thpe opinion of the court.
Brent and Brent, for the -plaintiff in error,- and Brddle/yfor defendant. Only such parts of.their arguments will be noted as bear upon the point Upon which the court-rested their judgmefit.

Brent, for plaintiff in error, contended, that, as to the fist demise, laid" on the 1st January, 1827, it -was bad, because the evidence showed that Prout died in 1823. 3 Wend. 153..
The second demise is laid on the 1st January, 1838, and the lessor must howa right-to re'2nter or that day;. and he cannot have such righ.t'unless there'be insufficient distress'upon the premises: .3 Harris and Johns. 19; 5 Harris and Johns. 175; Adams on Ejebtment, 189; 1 Johns. Ca. 28; 6 Cowen, 140; P Leigh's N. PT882, 883,934; 4 Durnf. and East, 681 ; .6 Binn. 454 ; 3 Bibb 297; 3 Marshall, -134; 3 Monr. 221. The evidence shows that there -was not sufficient distress on the premises, on the -day of October, 1838, but not how it was ifi January, 1S38. Evans's Practice, 48 ; Adams on Ejectriient., i50, reciting statute 6f Geo. 2; 7 Durnf. and East, 117,. 120; 2 Leigh's N. P. 924; 'Doug. 485; 15 East, 286 ;., Chitty's Pleading, 8S0, note'.K.; 2 Manle and
Seiw. 529;, 6 Cowen, 149.

214

SUPREME COURT.

Connor v. Bradley et ux.

Bradley. 15 East, 286-288, (referred to in Leigh's N. P.) only says that there must be an insufficiency at the time of the notice, or when the declaration was served. But in this case the tenant sets up an adversary title, and does not come within the rule. Buller, N. P. 96; 6 Johns."Rep. 272.
Connor must be considered as a trustee for the true owner, having obtained the title by fraud. 2'Bos. and Pul. 178; 8 East, 268. Court wfll direct the jury to )resume a deed from trustee to cestui que trust. 4 T. R. 682. -

Brent,in conclusion, insisted that the demise in the declaration must correspond with the right-of entry, which did not accrue until there was aft insufficient distress. 8 Peters, 214. Reason of the rule stated in 3 Harris and johns. 19; 6 Johns. 273. Question of fraud not raised in the bill of exceptions.

Mr. Justice DANILL delivered the opinion of the court.
At the trial below, the jury having returned a verdict for the .plaintiff, the court thereupon adjudged to him his unexpired term in the premises claimed. To the rulings of the court in the progress of the trial two bills of exceptions ivere sealed at the instance of the defendant. The second of these bills is adverted to merel as making a part of the history of this cause. The questions there by presented as growing out of the assessment of taxes on lots in the ci.tyr of Washington, and the modes of proceeding by the corporate authorities to subject the real property of delinquents to sale for arrears of taxes, under the acts of Congress applicable to such subjects, are withdrawn from the action of the court by previous and more material considerations claiming its attention -under the first bill of exceptions.; and which, in the view of the court, must deternine"the rights of these parties in their present attitude here. This'bill of exceptions i ,inthe following words:
Defendant's first exception.-0n this trial of this cause, the plaintiffs, to maintain the issue on their part joined, ave in evidence a lease. from William Prout to .Joseph B. Parsons, as follows, (copied in page 18,) and proved that the premises in question are the same as those mentioned in said lease; they farther gave evidence, to show that Joseph B. Parsons entered into the

JANUARY TERM, 1843..

215

Connor v. Bradley et ux.

possession of the said premises under the said lease, and continued to occupy them until his death, which happened some time in the year ,l 13; that- he left- a widow and sevien children, of *hom the defendant is one; that -his widow was left in the possession. th.ereof at his death, and remained and continued in said possession until the death of said William Prout, which happened some timein the year 1823; that previous to the year, 1815, she paid to the said William Prout, $100 on account of the purchase of the fee simple of the said lot; that some time after the death of the said William Prout, the said widow of Joseph B. Parsons abandoned the possession of the said preihises to the defendant, and the defendant took possession, thereon claimin'g. to hold the leasehold interest, with the full knowledge and consent of said widow; and of the children of said Joseph B. Parsons; that the defendant thenceforth paid the taxes on the said lot under .the said lease, and, from time to -time, paid various sums of money bn accpunt of tlie rent due and in arreax under the said lease, and of the accruing refit; that, as appears by the within admision of the defendant filed in this cause, marked A, and as.follows, (copied in page 14,) a partition of the estate of said William Prout was made, ini March, 1831, among his children; tfiat" by .that partition, the said premises, and the reversionary interest in. the land-described in the said'lease, was assigned Mary Bradley, one of -the plaintiffV, in fee simple;. that the square .iti which the said demised premises are situated, 'Was divided. into lots, on the plan of the city of Wasingt6n ; that after said partition, the said defendant paid moneys on account of said rent, under said lease, to said MaryfBradley, and also paid the taxes to the corporation of the city of Washington, as provided in said lease, to tie year 1831 that she failed to pay the taxes for the years 1831, 1832, 1833, and 1834, amounting in all ra the sum of $4.4 33 cents, and" the said leasehold interes.t was set up for sale, and it.not produc-. ing enough, the fee simple of the grourid described in said lease was set up for sale for ta±es, and was sold.;. that at the time of' the said tax sale, there was personal property on the said ground, -li*able for said taxes, more'than sufficient -to pay such taxes, aiid the said ground was improved property, having ad-wellinghouse upon it; that after shid tax sale, the defendant promised the plaintiffs to redeem said- property,-and failed to do so within the two.

216

SUPREME COURT.

Confior v. Bradley et ux.

years next succeeding said sale; that she waited uptil said two

years had elapsed, and then called upon Allison Nailor, the.pur-

chaser thereof at said tax sale, and represented to him that she

was the owner of the said property,.and obtained from him an

assigrnment of his certificate of purchase at said tax sale; that

afterwards, the said assignment was cancelled, because the corpo-

ration could make no deed to ah assignee and the said Nailor

received a conveyance from the corporation of Washington, and

then executed a conveyance to the defendant of the premises in

question, and the defendant then set up a claim to the premises in

feb simple, and'adverse to the'plaintiffs; that on the - da of

October, 1838, there was rent due and in arrear, under the said

lease amounting to $193.; and that there was not more than $30

of personal property on the said pre.mises, liable to distress Tor

rent, on the,- day of October, or at the time of bringing this

action; and here the plaintiffs rested. And thereupon, the de-

fendant, by her ounsel, prayed the codurt to instruct the jury that,

under the evidence aforesaid, the plaintiffs are not entitled to re-

co-er in this action; "whie'h'iistruction the court refused to give,

and the defendaut excepts, thereto, and prays the court to sign

and seal this bill of exceptions, which is done accordingly.

W. CRANCir,

[L. s.]

JAMEs S. MORSELL. [L. s.]

By a comparison of the facts set out in this bill, with the first count in the declaration; it wilt be seen that the plaintiff has counted upon a lease to, him from William. Prout of the date of Jaynuary, 1827, when it is manifest'by the proofs adduced by the plaintiff, that Prout died in '1823, four years previously to the existence of the lease. This irreconcilable contradiction, between the different parts of the plaintiff's title, 'as dependent upon- the first count,-it is unnecessary to commeit upon, as the counsel was understood, ifi 'the argument, to admit its effects as conclusive to prevent a recovery under that count.
'Had the plaintiff in ejectment a right to recover under the demise frorm Bradley and wife, upon the second count? The foundations for the recovery contended for on behalf of the plaintiff are, a: forfeiture of tenure by the defendants, and a right of re.entry in the plaintiff, for a breach of the coridition in the lease of the premises, by the father of Mary Bradley, one of the lessors

JANUARY TERM, 1843.

217

Connor v. B-adley et ux.

of the plaihtiff, to Joseph B. Parsons. It is a settled rule at the

common law, that where a right of re-entry is claimea on the

ground of forfeituie for nonpayment of rent, there must be'proof

of a demand of the precise sum due, at a-convenient time before

sunset an the day when the rent is due, upon ihe land, in. the most notorious place of it, even though there be no person~on the

land to pay. 1 Saund. 287, note 16;in which are cited, I Leon.

305; Cro. Eliz. 209; Plowd. 172, b; 10 Rep. 129; Co. Litt. 201, b;

4 Leon. 117; 7 T. R. 117; *andnumerous other aqthorities. See

also upon the same. point, Doe ex dem. Wheeldon v.Paul, 3 Car. and Payne, 613, (14 Eng. Com. Law, 483;) and Roe ex dem. West

v. Davis, 7 Fast, 363. In this case no proof is adduced or even

pretended of a compliance with any one of the requisites just

enum'eraded.

But this suit is said not to be prosecuted upon rulds of prac-

tice at the common law, but under the authority of the statuf&

of 4 Geo. 2,c. 28, which is in force in Washington .co6nty. We

will inquire how far the decisions upon the interpretation of this

statute have been fuffilled in the case before us. In Doe v. Lewis,

1 Burr. 619, 620, the court-say that this stattite. prescribes a me-

ihod of proceeding- in ejectment in two case, , viz.: 6ne in case

of judgment against th.e casual ejectbr;'the other in case of its

comiing to trial. *.In the former, .anaffidavit must be made in the

court where the suit is depending, th'at half a year's rent Was due

before the-declaration was served,,and that no sufficient distress

was to be fouid on the premises coutervailing- the alfrears then

due, and that the lessor had power to, re-enter; in the latter, (that

of a frial, the same things-must be proved upon the trial; .there-

fore it is held that this statute' doe§ not extend to cases where

there is a sufficient distress upon the premises, and consequently

in such cases the lessoi must proceed at common law as before

the statute. To the.same effect is the decision in Doe ex dem.

Foster v. Wandless, 7,T-; R. 117. -It has been expressly ruled that

under the statute of 4 Geo. 2, there. must be. proof that on some

day or period between the time atwhich the rent fell due, and

the day of the demise, there was not a-sufficient distress on ihe

premises. Doe ex dem. Smelt v. Fuchau, 15 East, 286; and

further, that evidence must be adduced showing an examination

of every part of the premises,.and that where a party omitted to

VOL. I.-28

T

218

SUPREME COURT.

CGonnor, v. Biradley et ,ix.

-enter a cottage, ifiis was deemed an insufficient search. P Bro. and-Bing. 514, (6 Eng. Com. Law.) Of the two demises laid in the declaration, the first is in January, 1827, the second on the Ist of January, 1838. Turning to the first bill of exceptions, we find it stated. ag having been proved, that on the - day of October, 1838, there-wasrent due and in'arrear, amouhting to $193; next, that there .was not more than $30 vaTue of personal- property on the premises liable to distress for rent on the - day of October, or at. the time of bringing this action. It will thus be perceived that the proofs by the plaintiff in ejectment -fallshort 'ofthe requirements of the statute in the following particulars, vi.., in-failing to show that.any examination had been made to ascertain what amount of personal property was upon the premises at any time, or that there. was any on'e day.or period of tine between the accrual 6fthe rent-for six months, and the ate of either demise, at which there was a deficiency of personal property on the premises countervailing (to adopt the langupge of tie:'courts) the arreard then due, for the last demise is dated January 1, 1838, the deficiency is averred to have been in the month of October following; the
declaration was served in 'November, 1838, a still later. period of time.
For these defects in the case made by the plaintiff in ejectment,. it is the opinion of this court'that- the instruction prayed by th.e defendant, as set forth in the firs.t bill of exceptions, ought to have been given; that in'refusing such instruction the Circuit Court, has erred. Its judgment must therefore be reversed.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be hard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of'Co lumbia, holden-in and for the couity of Washington, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be. and the same is hereby reversed, with costs; and that this cause be and the samne is hereby remanded'to the said Circuit Court; with directions to award a venire facias de novo.

