SUPREME COURT.
PETER HARMONY AND OTHERS, CLAIMANTS OF THE BRIG MALER ADHEL, v. THE UNITED STATES.
THE UNITED STATES V. THE CARGO OF THE BRIG M ,ExADHEL.
Under the act of Congress of March 3, 1819,ch. 75, (200,) to protect the commerce of the United States and punish the crime of piracy, any armed vessel may be seized and brought in, or any vessel the crew-whereof may be armed, and which shall have attempted or committed any piratical aggression, search, restraint, depredation, or seizure upon any, vessel; and such offending vessel may be condemned and sold, the proceeds whereof to be distributed between the United States and the captors, at the discretion of the court.
It is no matter whether the vessel be armed for offence or defence, provided she commits the unlawful acts specified.
To bring a vessel within the act it is not necessary that there should be either actual plunder or an intent to plunder- if the act be committed from hatred, or an abuse of power, or a spirit of mischief, it is sufficient.
The word "piratical' in the act is not to be limited in its construction o such acts as by the laws of nations are denominated piracy, but includes such as pirates are in the habit of committing.
A piratical aggression, search, restraint, or seizure is as much within the act as a piratical depredation.
The innocence or ignorance on the part of the owner of these prohibited acts, will not exempt the vessel from condemnation.
The condemnation of the cargo is not authorized by the act of 1819. Neither does the law of nations require the condemnation of the cargo for petty
offences, unless the owner thereof co-operates in, and authorizes the unlawful act. An exception exists in the enforcement of belligerent rights. Costs in the admiralty are in the sound discretibn of the court, and no appellate court should interfere with that discretion, unless under peculiar circumstances. Although not per se the proper subject of an appeal, yet they can be taken notice of incidentally, as connected with the principal aecree. In the present case, as the innocence of the owners was established, it was proper to throw the costs upon the vessel, which was condemned, to the exclusion of the cargo, which was liberated.
Tins case came up by appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States, for the district of Maryland, having originated in the District Court.
On or about the 30th of June, 1840, the brig Malek Adhel sailed from New York bound to Guayamas, in California, under the command of Joseph Nunez. The vessel was armed with a cannon and

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

211

United 1states v. Brig Malek AdheL

some ammunition, and there were also pistols and daggers on board. It appeared fron the evidence, which is hereinafter particularly set forth, that she stopped several vessels upon the high seas, and at length put into the port of Fayal, where she remained for some days. Departing thence, she arrived at Bahia, in Brazil, about the twentyfirst of August, 1840, where she was seized by the Enterprize, a vessel, of war belonging to the United States, and sent into the poit of Baltimore for adjudication. A libel was there filed against vessel and cargo upon five counts, all founded upon the act of Congress to protect the commerce of the United States, and to punish the crime of piracy, passed on the 3d. of March, 1819, ch. 76, (20.) Two other counts were afterwards added in an amended information, charging the acts complained of to have been done in violation of the laws of nations.
A claim was filed for the brig, her tackle, apparel, fdrniture, and cargo, on behalf of Peter Harmony, Leonardo Swarez, and Bernard Graham.
The evidence produced upon the trial in the District Court, mill be recapitulated when the proceedings before the Circuit Court are stated, under which evidence the case was argued, together with the following admission of the proctors for the United States

United States

V.

District Cour, United States.

The Malek Adhel and cargo. )

The proctors of .the United States im,this case admit, for the pur-

poses of this case, and to have the same effect as if fully proven, that

the claimants were, when the Malek _Adhel left New-York, the ex-

clusive owners of that vessel, and were such owners dunng the

period the acts stated in the information are alleged by the United

States to have been done. And they also admit, that the claiuaants

never contemplated or authorized said acts. They further admit that

the equipments of thesaid vessel when she left New York, and ever

afterwards, were the usual equipments of a vessel bf her class, or. an

innocent commercial voyage from that port to Guayamas, the voyage

stated mn the evidence in this case.

NATH'L WILLIAMS,

and RvEnny JoHisoq,

Baltimore, 15 June, 1841.

Proctorsfor the United Staes.

The District Court condemned the vessel, restored the cargo to the claimants, apportioned a part of the costs upon the claunants, and directed the residue to be feducted from the proceeds of the property

212

SUPREME COURT.

United States v. Brig Malek Adhel.

condemned. Both parties appealed from this decree; the claimants from the condemnation of the vessel, and the United States from that part of it which restored the cargo.
The cause came before the Circuit Court upon the evidence winch had been given before the District Court, (reduced to writing by consent,) and upon additional evidence which is set forth in the following deposition. It was corroborated in its main points by the evidence of two other persons.
John Myers, a witness, produced and examined oil the part of the
United States, deposes as follows That he was not first mate when he joined the Malek Adhel,
Peterson was first mate, witness joined her 23d June, 1840. On Friday, afterwards, Peterson came on board, hauled the vessel out into the stream. On Sunday, Captain Nunez told Peterson to go on shore on account of a quarrel, Peterson was intoxicated, witness was then made first mate, witness told the captain, that one of the crew 4W R. Crocker) was competent to go out as second mate, and he was then promoted to that office. On Tuesday, 30th June, took pilot, got under weigh about ten or eleven o'clock that day, and went to sea, discharged the pilot on afternoon of same day; fourth or fifth day out, captain said the chronometer wouldn't speak, had forgotten to wind it up,. on the 6th of July, saw a vessel standing to the northward, and we to the eastward, five or six miles apart; ran down to the vessel and hove mamtopsail back; ran to leeward and then to windward of her, and fired a blank cartridge, hailed the vessel and asked "where from?" they said from Savannah, bound to Liverpool, wehailed her again, and told -her to send her boat alongside, she sent her boat with four men and an officer, and they came alongside, Captain Nunez asked if they had a chronometer; officer in the boat said he did not know whether they had or not, would go on board and see, went on board and returned in about half an hour with a chronometer; brought it -on board, and while -we were regulating our chronometer, our captain and four men went on board the other vessel, which was the "cMadras, of Hull ;" captam stayed on board a short time and then returned, they then took their chronometer and returned to their vessel, the Madras, while we were hoisting our boat up and securing her, the Madras made sail, as soon as the boat was secured, we ran to leeward some distance, and fired another blank cartridge, but not in tne direction of the Madras, and then proceeded on our own course. Next, about

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

212

United States v. Brig Malek Adhel.

9th or 10th July, a vessel was -standing to the westward, we to the eastward, captain said he would run after the vessel and catch her, as he wanted to send. a letter to New York; made sail after her, and finding we did not come up very Thst, we fired a blank cartridge, they still not taking any notice, our captain told the men to load a gun with shot; loaded the gun with shot and fired, when the other vessel hove her maintopsail back, we were about-half a mile apart; we both had our American flag flying at first; when the second shot was fired, Captain Nunez ordered the Mexican or 06lumbian flag tw" be hoisted, we then hailed, they said they were from Liverpool, bound to Charleston, her name was the brig " Sullivan ;" she was an American vessel, had cSullivan, New York," on her stem, hailed her, and told her to send a boat alongside, while they were coming, our captain told Martin (called Peter Roberts'in the shipping articles) to tell the-crew not to speak any English, while the boat was alongside, this order the captain first told him in Spanish, then in English, when the boat came alongside, they asked where we were from, captain toldMartin in Spanish, to say, we were from Vera Cruz, bound to Barcelona, and out forty-five days; Martin did so, our captain then told him we wan4ed some lamp-oil, the officer in the other boat said he did not know whether they had any, but he would go on board and see, when they reached their own vessel, they hoisted their boat, and proceeded on their course, we had lampoil sufficient to last us twelve months, after they proceeded on their course, we made sail likewise, ran to leeward and fired, a shot at her; this fire our captain ordered Martin to make, he, (Martin,) generally acted as gunner. Martin belonged to Malaga, and spoke
Spanish, at the time of second fire, the vessels were about an eighth of a mile apart, hailing distance, we then kept on, and she did the same, the gun was fired at her; we were then standing to eastward, she to westward, did not see where the ball struck.
The next vessel we saw and spoke, was the " Ten Brothers ;" this was two or three days after the affair with the Sullivan, passed her without doing any thing. Next vessel we met, was the ccVigilant, of Newcastle, England;" spoke her; she showed -English colours; hailed her, and told her to send-her boat alongside, she did so. Nunez asked if they had a chronometer; they said they had none, they were out of water, and wanted bread; -we gave thera two small barrels ana some bread, by our captain's orders, we went on our course. The next vessel we met was the San Domingo,

214

SUPREME COURT.

United States v. Brig Malek Adhel.

two days afterwards, our captain was acquainted with the passengem on board, he asked them, to dine with him, which they did, after they left, Captain Nunez told witness, that the passenger had been a slaver, and was just returning from a prosperous voyage, the vessel belonged to Terceira, one of the Western Islands, she was Portuguese, we laid together that night, and the next morning the Portuguese sent on board of us to buy provisions; we then parted company, and. two or three days after, went into Fayal, Nuiez said his intention m-going to Fayal, was to repair the vessel, and get his chronometer rited, remained there five or six days, had one carpenter employed four days, who did some slight work, he made a side ladder and some awmng extensions, and put her to her head to find out leak. The principal leak was about eight or ten inches above the water line, the vessel leaked at sea, but not at Fayal, leaked as bad after we left there as she did before, the place of the leak discovered at Rio, there never, having been oakum at all m that part of the seam, could put a knife in the seam, leak came into cabin, that leak was not stopped at Fayal.
We took in at Fayal potatoes, bread, and beef, for the use of the crew, we also took in two men as passengers, and a cabin boy; one of the passengers was named Silvie and the other Curry, the boy is here, the last I saw of the passengers was at Rio, got under weigh from Fayal on Tuesday; do not know whether Nunez knew the two passengers before he saw them at Fayal, came to anchor and waited until Wednesday; there was a pleasure-party to come oa board to sail about the harbour; in attempting to tack she missed stays, captain at the helm, missed stays a second time, we were about twenty yards from the rocks, Nunez knew nothing of the usages of an American.vessel before we left New York, I always worked the vessel myself, Nunez might have known, but he did not speak English well enough to make the men understand. After the sailing match about the harbour, we left Fayal with the whaling vessel Minerva, from New Bedford, Nunez went. on board of her and took the chronometer to have it rated, had had nothing done with it at Fayal, Nunez knew nothing about managing a ctronometer, though it is the captain's duty. Captain Nunez remained on board the Minerva five or six hours, he went on shore at Fayal before we had our sails furled, he went in a shore boat. After Nunez came from the Minerva we made sail and proceeded on our course, he brought chronometer with him. next day we saw a yes-

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

215

United States v. Brig Malek Adhel.

sel standing to westward with all sail set, going directly before the wind, we were standing to southward, Nunez ordered to chase her; finding we did not come -up very fast we fired, by Nunez's. orders, a blank cartridge towards her; she still went on her course; Nunez ordered one of the guns to he shotted and fired at her, which was don, she then hove her maintop back, we were then about a mile astern of her,. we iounded to, to fire at her; we came up, hailed her; she said she was from Palermo, bound to Boston, she was the "Emily Wilder;" told her to send her boat .alongside with their chronometer, they came aion',side with the chronometer; -we rated ours by it; I rated it and found a difference of time, and noted it in the log-book; -after comparing the time of the two, they then took chronometer and. went on board again, I made the entry in the logbook, we each made sail and stood on our course, they asked us no questions, except-where we -were o-rom, Nunez said, from New York, bounded around Cape Hom , we stood to southward until 4th of August, the day before, captain said he was going to Rio, I told him it was a bad place to go, because it was a rendezvous for American vessels of war; on the 4th of August Nunez came. on deck about half-past seven in the evening, and found fault with some orders witness had been giving, and Nunez-told me he did not want me to-do more work on board the slp, and 1 accordingly went ofT duty; we ran on our course, that- night Captan Nunez had the watch from eight to twelve, I heard a noise on board, went up.and, saw a vessel close ahead on the weather bow, when we came up Nunez hailed her, ant told them to heave the maintop back;, they did so, and we did the same, this was about thn,o'clock at night; hailed them again, and told them to send their boat anoard of us with the captain and his papers; this they said they could not do, as their boat leaked and the night was dark, Nunez then got angry and told us to double shot the gun, it was done, and fired towards the strange vessel, Martin directed the gun, we were within close hailingdistance. Curry, the forementioned passenger, then hailed m English and told them again to send their boat; the-other captam answered in Portuguese or Spanish. Curry told witness that the answer was; "cthey might sink their brig, hut he could not come on board." Nunez then told us to lower our boat and go on board the strange brig; Curry, Crocker, the second mate, Peter Roberts, (Mfartin,) John Gray, and Dill or Smith, then went on board the stranger; Curry and Cro6ker had each a pair of pistols, they were buckled in a belt

SUPREME COURT.
United States v. Brig. Malek Adhel.
round their bolies, our boat returned m about three quarters of an hour with Curry and the captain of the strange brig, and three of her men, Curry and the captain came on board the Idalek Adhel, the men remained m their boat alongside, the strange captain gave Nunez a tin box with the ship's papers, I believe, ship's papers are carried in such boxes. Curry and Captain Nunez took theta down .below, strange captain remained on deck; I saw them down the cormnaron-way, examining the papers in the cabin, they had them .about a quarter of an Jiour, and then brought them up and gave them tb the Portuguese captain, Nunez spoke English and told Curry to -tell strang captain -hemust pay twenty dollars for the shot Nunez had ired at'him, and ten dollars for a keg of oil which had been knocked over by the recoil of the gun. Nunez also told Curry in English to look and see if there were any guns and powder on board the other vessel, and if there were any, to spike the guns and.bring the powder on boird, and see if any sweetmeats were on board, and bring them on board also, they then shoved off, Curry with them, and went to the Portuguese vessel,. Nunez told me that the Portuguese vessel was from Rio Grande, bound to Oporto, with a cargo of hides and horns; 'inhalf an hour after our boat returned with those who originally went on board the Portuguese vessel, and brought a jar of sweetmeats, one dog, and twenty dollars for the shot, after the boat was secured Captain Nunez put me on duty.agan, 'this was two o'clock in the morning; Curry told me he had got twenty dollars for the shot, but was ashamed 'toask for the.other ten for the oil; I saw Curry give the captain the money in Spanish -dollars, Curry said'he wouldn't take Brazilian money, whicn was first offered him .bythe Portguese captain, after that we left the vessel and proceeded on our course. The next vessel we met was on the 10th or 12th of August; they were standing to northward, -we to southward, when she came.abeam of. us, she tacked ship and went in the same direction with.us; in about two hours after we hove our maintop back and ran foul of each other, Captam Nunez got enraged and told them to shot the gun and fire at the stranger; it was done, we fired a second shot; Nunez ordered the second shot.
When'the first shot was fired, we were within close hailing distance, and also, when each shot was fired, we fired five times, g'm shotted each time. After the fifth fire all our powder was gone. Nunez then told Martin something witness did pot.understand, and Martin then told the crew, he (Captain Nunez)'said he wQuld give

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

217

United States v. Brig Malek Adhel.

$500 to any -volunteersof hIs crew, who would go and bring tfe cap-

tam aboard. Nunez asked me to go. I told him,-I did not like it.

He told me not to be afraid, and gave me his dirk; I threw the dirk

down on the deck, and said to Nunez, I was afraid to go on board

wiilr the boat, for fear they would throw something m the long boat

and sink her, when we were alongside. Nunez said, he wanted to

bring the other captaiiibn board the Malek, and give him twenty-

five lashes, we were then some distance astern. Nunez told-Martin

to take two men, Dell and Helm, and go on board, they did so, and

remained half an hour; they returned and brought back with them.

the time. I saw one shot go.through the flying jib, it was the second

shot. When Martin came back, he told'N'unez he must send his

chronometer with an officer, and rate it, I took the, chronometer,

went on board the other vessel, and rated it. Strange captain asked

me why Nunez had fired at him, I said I did not know; the cap-

tam had ordered it. He asked me where we were bound. I said,

"cGod only knows." When I returned to the Malek Adhel, I

told N!nez what had happened, and he laughed. The strange

brig was the cAlbert;" she was an English brig and bound

to Rio, her stem sign was disfigured, she had English colours fly-

ing. We then proceeded on our course, and made the Brazils about

the 20th or 21st of August, the land was some miles north of Cape

Antonio. The passengers on board told me they were to go to

Bahia. We got to Balua about six o'clock in the evening, and

Curry, Silvie, and the captain went ashore. They came on board

t,-am about nine o'clock next morning, and Nunez told me to make

ready to clear.the cargo, as he was going to repair his vessel. Nunez

stayed about half an hour on board and went ashore again. Next

morning got all clear, and about, half-past eleven Nunez came on

board, the men told me they would do no more work until they saw

the American consul, this was. told me before Nunez came on

board, wher he came, I told him, he asked me if I wanted to see

the consul too. I said, cc Yes." He then said, " Very well, I will

go ashore and see." 'He went on shore, and the next morning be-

tween nine and ten o'clock, he came on board again. He told me

to tell all the crew, who wanted to see the consul, to come aft, and

go on.the larboard side, the whole crew went on the larboard side,.

Martin among them. The second mate, Mr. Crocker, and four or

five men, Want on shore that day; they stayed on shore until about

three o'clock, and then returned. Captain Nunez came on board

VOL. II.-28

T

218

SUPREME COURT.

United States v. Brig Malek Adhel.

the next morning, and told me the consul wanted to see me, and that I must go on shore with him. "Wewent to the consul's office, and he asked me about these charges. I had kept an account of some small transactions on a piece of paper; I gave it to the consul. The captain said I could be discharged, if I desired it, but the consul said, " Not until the affair was settled." By small transactions, witness means the firing, &c. Captain Nunez admitted that it was all right, as I had put it down. I told the American consul the same story as I am now telling. When we were going ashore, Nunez said, cSIppose I sell the brig, how much she worth " He also said one man had offered to give him $22,000 for her. I told him I did not know how much she was worth. I stayed on shore until two o'clock, and then went on board again, that night, abwt one or two o'ciock, a vessel ran foul of us, and tore away our jib-boom. The next morning while we were repairing it, the captain came on board and told me the consul wanted to see me. I went, returned afterwards on board, got my clothes and went ashore, where I remamed nine or ten days, went on 'board, afterwards, the American brig Yankee, and remained there until the Enterprize, a United States schooner, seized and took the Malek and her crew. There were four men shipped by the captain at Bahia, after I left the brig; they were one Portuguese, one Spamard, one English, and one American. The crew were examined in successicn by the consul. We left Bahia on the 26th September, under the charge of Lieut. Drayton, on board the brig; nine men and two officers were put on board, we then went to Rio, -four of our crew were from the schooner Enterprize, we left Martin and the cook behind at Bahia. The day I returned from the consul's on board the Malek, Nunez and the cook had a quarrel, and Nunez struck the c.pok; cook said, " When I shipped, I did not know I shipped on board a slaver." I saw Capt~m Nunez at Rio, in prison. We stayed at Rio from the 2d of October until the st of March. We were taken before the authorities at Rio, 'they let the captain out of prison. I saw him afterward walking about in Rio. I left Rio in the vlalek, 'under the command of Lieut. Ogden, and with the crew who are now in prison, where we have been since we arrived. Lieut. Ogden had on board, besides ourselves, four men and one ndshipman. I kept the logbook of the Malek; Captain Nunez got it from me, to take it to the consul the day we went before him. It was laid before the consul, and I never saw it afterwards. The log-book contained some of the

JANUARY TERM, 1844.
United States v. Brig Malek Adhel. _ I. .
particulars about the firing. (Here a book is shown to the witness.) This book was kept by the captain. Lieut. Drayton kept a log-book from Bahia to Rio.
Crosy-Examnatin.
Upon cross-examination, the witness further deposed. While I was on board the Yakee, a midshipman and four men came on board and ordered me on board the schooner Enterprize. I was.not imprisoned at Bahia. Peter Roberts (Martin) was among the men who went on the larboard side. I do not know whether the pistols Curry carried were loaded or not; one pistol out of the four was loaded, I know. The men who accompained Curry were unarmed, to the best of my knowledge. The Albert answered the hail of the Malek Adhel. Our brig bad her rlame on the stem. I saw Curry put the money down on tl.e cabin table. I did not tell any one I had, seen the money countedout. On- my examination at Bahia, I stated that Curry had told me that he had received the money. I do not recollect whether I stated then that I saw it. The cook's deposition was not taken, that I know of. Silvie and the boy were in the cabin with Nunez and Curry. I am from Philade]phia, but have sailed out of New York for the last five years. Have sailed as mate twice before. Before the offer of $500, made by Nunez to his crew to board the Albert, he had not ordered the crew, nor had they refused to go.
Further Cross-Examinationof John Myers.
John Myers, upon his further cross-examination, deposed as fbllows -
We left Captain Nunez at Bahia. When -we first arrived at Rio, I did not see him. The second time I went ashore I saw him in jail. I do-not know how long he remained in jail. We remained at Rio four months. I never saw Nunez after tlis frigate-Potomac arrived. The Enterprizeand the Malek Adhel went-into Rio together. Nunez was at liberty on shore after the Enterpnze arrived. I saw Nunez three or four days before we sailed from Rio, he told me he was going to take command again of.the Mlek Adhel. Martin went with the rest of the crew before the consul. I saw him in the consul's office. I never saw Martin at Rio, we left him at Bahia. I saw both Curry and Silvie at IRio, but do not know how they got there. A vessel bound direct from Bahia to Guayamas would not stop at Rio. I did not see either Curry or Silvie after the Poto-

220

SUPREME COURT.

United States v. Brig Malek Adhel.

mac arrived. I should think the Potomac was at Rio twelre or fifteen days before we sailed for home.
At November term, 1841, the Circuit Court affirmed the decree of the District Court, dismissed the appeals, and ordered each party to pay their respective costs in that court. Both parties appealed to the Supreme Court.

Z. Collins Lee, and R. Johnson, for the United States. .Meredith,.and Nelson, (attorney-general,) for the claimants.

Lee, made the f61lowmg points on behalf of the United States, as appellants -
Ist. That the cargo of the said vessel was subject to forfeiture, and ought to have been condemned, and the decree, so far as regards it, ought to be reversed.
2d. That no part of the costs and expenses incurred in the prosecution should be paid out of the proceeds of the property condemned, but that Peter Harmony and Co. should be decreed to pay the same.
And on behalf of the United States, as appellees, 3d. That the Malek Adhel, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, were properly condemned, and that the decree, so far as regards thi; ought tp be affirmed. Lee argued that the brig was cc an armed vessel, or a vessel of which the crew were armed" within the true meaning -nd intent of the act of Congress of the 3d March, 1819, 3 Story's Laws, p. 1738; the 1, 2, 3, and 4 sects. of which were continued by the act of 15th May, 1820, 3 Story, 1798, and afterwards without limitation by the act of 30th January, 1823, 3 Story, 1814. And in the second place, that from the evidence exhibited on the record, the aggressions, restraints, and depredations proved were cc piratical" and such as the act of Congress contemplated and intended to puih. And lastly, that, assuming the said brig not tobe can armed vessel" within the meaning of the act, yet the aggressions and depredations perpetrated on the Portuguese vessel were, acdording. to the law of nations, piratical. To sustain the above propositions he referred to the following authorities:Act of Congress of 1790, ch. 36, 1 Story, 82, defining piracy. Act of 1825, ch. 276, 3 Story, 1999, defining and punishing as piratical certain offences therein named.

,JANUARY TERM, 1844.

221

Unifed States v. Brig Malek AdheL

Also, to the rollowing cases . United States v. Palmer, 3 Wheat. .610, p. 626, as to the construction of the act of 1790 -, The Mananna Flora, 11 Wheat. 37, and. o show that a single piratical act is sufficient, referred to the speech of Chief Justice Marshall in the case of Jonathan Robbins, reported in the appendix to 5 Wheat. p. 8, 12, 3 Wash. C. C. R. 221, 2141. case of United States v. John Jones, 5 Wheat. 145,149, 153, and noteg, 5 Wheat. 412, 192, 2-Azuri, 351; 4 Bla. Coin. 72, defining sea-robbery; 2 East Pleas, 707, Vattel, ch. 15, sect. 226, Grotius, ch. 15, sect. 85, Molloy, 57. Upon the question of the forfeiture of the cargo.Dodson Adm. Rep. 470, case of The Neptune, .5 Robinson and Wheaton on Captures, 1 Haggard, 142, case of the Hallen, 3 Dallas 133, case of the Adams, and commented on the opinion of the court in the case of the Marianna Flora, 11 Wheaton.

.Meredith,for the claimants,
There are two questions in the case. 1, The construction of the act of Congress. 2. The bearing of the evidence. The innocence of the owners is admitted on the record. They were sole owners during all the voyage, and engaged 'n a lawful trade. The vessel was properly equipped for such a voyage, and the owners had nothing to do with the acts complained of. These admissions were not .gratuitous but proved; and placed in this formfor convenience. -Does the act of 1819 reach such a case? She was armed only as the .voyage required, and the captain departed from the orders of the owners. It -is an important question, because, if depided in the affirmative, the risks of slup-owners will be mcreased,.and in violationx of the natural pnnciples of justice. It is an open question. Some expressions of opinion by the court
in the case of the Marianna Flora appear to recline to the construction of the other side, but there is no decision in any case. The only question there was one of'damages; the claim of forfeiture was abandoned by the captors and by the United States.. There was nothing to call for an opinion as to the construction of the act of 1819. -The passage quoted by the opposite counsel was in answer to an argument used at bar that there was nothing suspicious in the case " but there has been no adjudication -upon the point.

222

SUPREME COURT.

United States v. Brig Malek Adhel.

If the act of'1819 includes the case of an innocent owner, it must be because,
1. That such owner was liable under the maritime law, or 2. That Congress intended to extend that law. 1. As to maritime law. The owner, if liable, must be so rn personam or m rem. His liability in personam, although varying in some particulars, is mairdy the same with the liability of an employer at common law. The master is his agent. In civil cases the captain can sometimes bind his owner to a greater d&gree than other agents can, but not for torts. The owner is always responsible for the negligence of his agent in -acts done within the scope of his authority, but not where the act is wilful and beyond the authority. And this is equally true whether the agent was or was not engaged at the time about the business of his principal. The whole law is collected in Story on Agency, 456. See also Skinner's Reports, 228, 1 East, 106, 4 Bamewall and Alderson,. 592, 19 Wendell, 343, cases collected, 1 Hill's Reports, 480. These cases show that the owner is responsible for negligence or unskilfulness, but not for wilful torts. The maritime law has the same rule. 8 T. R. 533, Story on Agency, 327, sect. 319, Curtis, 195 note, 205 note, 1 Taunton, 567, Ingersoll's Roccus, 23, notes 11, 12, 13, 15, Salkeld, 282, 19 Johnson, 235, referred to in Story's Abbot, 19, 2 Brown's Adnralty Law, 140. Is the owner bound s rem9
'would be contrary to reason and justice to hold him so. If he is not bound in damages, why is his vessel responsible P There iq no moral delinquency m the- owner. The ship, it is true, is considered sometimes as the offender, but only when something is done for which the owner is responsible, either for his own acts or those of his agent acting -within the scope of his authority. 2 Brown's Admiralty, 142, .143.
Thetorts of the master cannot hypothecate the ship, she is seized only until the captain gives bail. Abbott, 99, note 1, same principle, Duponceau's Bynkershoek, ch.-18, p. 129, 150, 151, 152, 154.
In prize cases there'is no forfeiture except on the presumed liabilitr of'the owner. The modem doctrine is that contraband does not affect the ship, or even cargo, if it is put on board without the knowledge of the owner, even by the captain.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

223

United States r. Brig Malek Adhif.

Bynckershoek, ch. 12, p. 9a, says, that if the owner knows of it, or the captain is executing the orders of the owner, the vessel is forfeited-otherwise not. See also 1 Rob. Ad. Rep. 67-70, 104, 130, 3 Rob: Ad. Rep. 143, 178.
The owner is not responsible in damages where the vessel becomes a pirate. 3 Wash. C. C. R. 262, was a case, of a privateer, where the owner's bond was liable and ship too, because of an understood contract to that effect between the government and all privateers. but not so as to other vessels.
A piratical capture does, not divest the owner of Ins property. 1 Molloy, 88, sect. 31, book 1, ch. 4, 1 Robinson, 81, 229, 6 Robmson, 2!9, 1 Beawes's Lex Mercatona, 6th ed. 364 ; 1 Rolle's Rep. 285.
Did Congress intend.to extend the provisions of the maritime lawP Before saying so, the court will look to the injustice of such a cons ruction, and its dangerous consequences to ship-owners. The act was not intended to repair private losses, but to pumsh crimes; and such a construction will pumsh one man for offences committed by another. The state of the country when the act was passed -was referred to by the other side, to illustrate its meaning. It was shortly after a general peace, except as to South America. Sailors were discharged ftom navies, privateers abounded, and the transition was easy to piracy. In all the cases in this court, the vessels had been privateers. The act, therefore, .did not contemplate merchant vessels armed for defence, but ships fitted out as privateers. The vessel is confiscated by the act, but there is a singular omassion as to the cargo. Why not include it, if merchant vessels were embraced by the act. The omission was intentional, because on the same day an act was passed to suppress the slave trade, inwhich the cargo is forfeited as well as the ship. In 5. Wheat. 338, the court were prepared to construe an act as we contend for, the owners there were said to be innocent, because the ship was in the possession of piratical captors, 5 Wheat. 352. Yet the words of that act- were as peremptory for that case as the act of 1819 is for ours. In page 357, the court say, that the vessel would have been restored if she was in possession of piratical captors, because the owners would have been innocent. In 13 State Trials, Dawson's case, taking the vessel from the owners -was itself held to be an act of piracy. 2. What is the bearng of the evidence? The offences of "caggression, search," &c., must be cpiratical:"

224

SUPREME COURT.

United States v Brig Malek Adhel.

that is, with an intention to commit piracy; not piracy under the law of 1790, but under the law of nations, because it pumshes the vessels of other nations as well as our own, and the last section -refers to piracy under the law of nations, which is sea-robbery. forcible depredation at sea, ammofurandi. At common law there is no piracy. The English statute did not change the nature of the offence, but ,only the mode of punishing it. Is there any proof of an intention to commit robbery P if not, the case is not within the act of Congress. There seems to have been a hallucination in the captain's mind, bordering on madness, wanted altvays to rate his chronometer. He had many opportunities to plunder, but did not; some vessels passed _by,others were supplied with provisions. He did not think he had done wrong, because he permitted his crew to go freely to the Amencant consul at Bahia, and would not takd Brazilian dollars for the powder and oil which he had lost.
But the cargo is sought also to be condemned. At first the mfor-
mation contained only counts depending upon the act of Congress, two were afterwards added upon the law of nations, with a view of reaching the cargo. The capture itself was a harsh measure; the papers showed the ship to have been American property; the crew were, faithful to their duty, and it would have been praiseworthy to have despatched her on her voyage, in charge of the mate. The protection of commerce does not require that the cargo m this case should be aimed at as well as the ship. The offence charged in these two counts is a ,hostile aggression with intent to plunder." If this is piracy under the law of nations, it is merged m the act of 1819, but the offences charged are only misdemeanors. 2 Brown's Admiralty Rep. appendix, p. 519.
The Constitution gives Congress power to define and punish pnacies and offences against the laws of nations. If Congress has not done litth,is,court cannot pumsh-petty offences.

,Jelson, attorney-general, on.the same side, examined the facts in-the case as disclosed by the record, and then commented on the acts-of-1-81 9, '1823"1-825, 1790, to .show the histor, of the legislaiton upon the subject -ofpir'acy. The ",restraints, aggressions," &c.,
must'be " piratical," as thatten is understood by the laws of nations. The 5th section of the act of 1819 deolares that persons who commit piracy, as understood by the laws of nations, shall suffer death. 'The 8th-section of the act of 1790 was said by the court, (5 Wheat.

JANUARY TERM, 1844:

225"

United States v. Brig Malek Adhel.

184, 185, 202, 206,) not to be repealed, this decision was given on the 18t of March, 1820, and an act of Congress was passed imme*diately thereafter, (15th May, -1820,).the thirr'section of which declared what should be.piracy, (3 Story, 1798,) making robbery a necessary ingredient. The act of. 1825, by implication, repeals the Bth sect. of the act of 1790, by declaring such offences-to be felony. No peron could be indicted under the acts of Congress as a pirate, because-ffe act of 1825 says he shall be punished with- death as a felon. The consequence is, that there is no piracy recognised' by the laws of the United States, except that known to the law of nations, and the act of 1819 must be so construed. The offences charged in fhe five first counts under that aet must, therefore, be shown to be piratical under the law of nations, that is, committed for the purposes of robbery. Does the evidence justify this2 The court, acting as a jury, must acquit unless the affirmative be made out clearly. The acts 6f the captain are like those of an insane man.
[Mr. JVelson here commented on these acts, in the case of each vessel successively.]
Ifn the case.of the Palmyra, 12 Wheat. 15, it is .said that a petty aggression is not a cause of condemnation, unless it indicates a.bad
mind. Ought the vessel to be condemned? There is no other law to condemn it except that of 1819. The
policy of that law'was to bear upon armed vessels, or the crews of wnch were armed. But neither branches of the alternative mcluaes" this case. The crew cannot be said to -have been armed, within the meaning of the act, because the agreement says that the vessel had only ordinary equrpments. All vessels going 'to the Pacific carry arms for defence. In the case of the Palmyra, the court said, a vessel might be armed for commercial purposes. So here. Why, did not the act of 1819 include the cargo P becase it struck at privateers Vho have no cargo. In all revenue laws, the cargo is condemned as well as the vessel.
If the acts of the mister were piratical, that very fact protects the owners,.becausethe first offence was against them, in divesting them of their-poperty ahd converting it to Ins own purposes. He-was guilty, of barratry, at least. Can the owners lose fheir property through an act of.piracy The 8th sect. of the act of 1790, makes it piracy to run away with a vessel or voluntarily give her up to a pirate. If this act be in force, the captain was a pirte. All the
VOL. II -29

226

SUPREME COURT.

United States v. Brig Malek Adhel.

cases say that piracy does not divest ownership. 5 Wheat. 338, 357, 358. There need not be personal violence in running away with a ship. 1 Gallison, 247, 253, 256. The proof here shows that the captain had been negotiating m Fayal for a-sale of the vessel.
Ought the cargo to be condemned? The act of 1819 elearly does not embrace the cargo, and there must be something more proved than an.- aggression" or " restraint." The opposite counsel cannot proceed on a statute for half and the law of nations for the other half, because Congress has exercised its power in the premises. How does the law of nations reach the cargo of an unoffending owner. If the vessel be construed to be the offender, the cargo is not. In war, the cargo is condemned, but then different rules apply. The vessel must be taken rn delicto. The Marianna Flora, 11 Wheat. 40, 57, in which case the capturing vessel was attadked. But, here, the Enterprize was not. As to costs-they are within the discretion of the court. Dunlap's Practice, 164, 2 Mason, 58, 4 Gallison, 414. Costs cannot-be appealed from. 3 Peters, 307, 319.

R. Johnson, for the United States, in reply.
There are three questions, 1. What is the true construction of the act of 1819, as to the vessel ? 2. What is the law of nations as to the cargo) 3. Does the evidence show the ship to be within the act of Congress, and the cargo .to be within the law of nations. 1. The act of Congress had two objects in view, first, to protect commerce, and second, to punish piracy personally. Piracyhadlieen in part defined and punished by the act of 1790. That of 1819 was passed when commerce was suffering, and its object was to punish piracy up to the'full extent of the law of nations; it is punished
with death. There are three objections made by the other side, 1. That the act does not cover the case of an innocent owner, but
that the United States mnust always show that the owner was either a pirate himself or knowingly fitted out his vessel for such purposes.
2. That the vessel must be armed for-Ic offensive purposes," and that the mere fact of being armed is not enough.
3. That the acts are nat piratical, because it is not shown that they were done for the purposes of plunder.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

227

United States v. Brig Malek Adnel.

1. As to the innocence of the owner. Must his guilt be established ? The ltnguage of the act is " to protect merchant vessels from. piratical aggressions and depredatibns," and the President is authoiized to instruct officers to send in any armed vessel or crew which shall have attempted any piratical aggression: upon an American vessel or any other. It is not their business to ask who is the. owner, the fact is enough. It is said that the vessels must be fitted out for the purpose of depredating; but the history of the matter is, that the vessels intended to be reached were not so fitted out, but seized upon by the crews for piracy. The construction of the other side entirely defeats the object of"protecting dommerce. There are ,no words-in the law relating to the owners, the vessel is declared to be the guilty thing. The only facts necessary to be proved are, that the vessel was armed, and that a piratical aggression was committed. Merchant vessels can aid in theseLcaptures. If Congress had intended.to exempt the property of innocent owners, they would have left some discretion in the court; but the language is, the vessel shall be condemned. It is said to be unjust to pumsh the innocent for the guilty, but the object of Congress was to stop the crime by break, ing up the means of committing it.
In the case of the Marianna Flora, this court said that innocence of owners was no excuse. This was not a mere dictum, as the opposite counsel have said. but a point in the case.
2d objection. That this vessel was not armed within the meaning of
the act. The only fact which the law looks to, is, whether the vessel was armed at the time of committing the aggression. Here, both vessel and crew were armed. But it is said that the arms were put on board for an innocent voyage. True. But so it-was in the case of the Mananna Flora, and the court said she might have committed an aggression -within the meaning of the act. What difference doesit make, when the object of the law is to protect commerce?: It is not said what number of guns must be on board, or to what extent the crew must be armed. What the. law regarded was, that neither should be so far armed as to'be capable of injuring commerce It is said that the aggression must be piracy-as described in the 5th section, that it must amount to sea-robbery. But it is perfectly. clear Cong-oss dia not.intend this ;-they knew what -piracy was, by the law of nations, and have declared that' an "attempt" to commit a depredation shall be punished. A -searen,"- aggression or-"restraint" are ali punishable, and these are all beyond the limits of

SUPREME COURT.
United States v. Brig. Malek Adhel.
national law. These offences are not punished personally, but in the 5th section piracy is pumshed with death. The offences, there,
"fore,.are not the same. In the case of the Palmyra, 12 Wheat. 14,15, it was argued that the vessel could not be condemned until the person was -convicted, but the court said it was not necessary, because there was no personal punishment provided in the sections against restraint, &c. There is something more meant, therefore, than piracy at common law. There need not be robbery; a "crestraint" is enough. In the 3d section, where merchant vessels are authorized to capture, the word ccpiratical" is dropped, the act meant to protect against all aggressions, and considered them all as piratical.
[Mr. Johnsonhere examined the cases of aggression seratim.] 3d objection. That the acts were not piratical, because it is not shown that they were committed for the sake of plunder. But the amount is not material in -a question of robbery, and violence threatened is as criminal as if used, and it was argued on the other side, that there was sufficient evidence to show that the captain had run away with the ship, which was piracy. The money was paid by the Portuguese vessel under fear. The boarding party was armed with pistols and a dirk. Fear wa§ purposely instilled, or why did 'the captain send his men armed. Thefiring into the other vessels was wilful and malicious. In the Marianna Flora, the court said, if death had ensued from firing, it would have been a grave inquiry whether some greater punishmen't should not be inflicted, although it was under a mistake. 2d point. What is the law of nations as to the cargo ' Did it originally cover the ease; and if so, has it been abrogated by Congress? Where a party roves the sea to commit murder and get gain by violence, is at war with the whole world, and when his property is seized, a right of condemnation ensues as in the case of other enenies' property. But it is objected that this cargo is the property of innocent persons. The answer is, that the same motives which induced the act of 1819 to give the vessel to the captors, induces the law of nations to give them ihe cargo also. Nor has this rule been changed by legislaiion. In the case of United States v. Smith, 5 Wheaton, the court say that the 8th section of the 1st article of the Constitution, giving power to Congress to define and punish-piracies and offences against the law of nations, includes the power of punishing lesser offences than piracy. Congress did not intend, by the act

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

229

United States v. Brig Malejk Adhel.

of 1819, to take away any of the admiralty jurisdiction which had previously been vested m the judiciary. We must resort to the law of nations. The power to "cdefine and punish" -means to inflict personal punishment, and the jurisdiction of admiralty is always In rem. It is untouched by the raw. If a pirate were to claim a cargo, wo'uld a court give it. to him? and, yet the court can only condemn or restore. Admiralty law gives -to the captors the property in the thing captured, and if the vessel be condemned, what can save the cargo P the same reason applies to both, which is, holding out an inducement to captors to be vigilant. If the captain were the owner of both ship and cargo, would the court condemn his vessel and restore hbs cargo? In 11 Wheaton; before cited, the owner.of the ship -is held responsible for the acts of the agent, and what good reason can be given why the owner of the cargo should not also be.so, especially when he is the same person who owns the ship.

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the court.
This is an appeal from a decree of the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Maryland, sitting in admiralty., and affirming a decree of the District. Court rendered upon an information sn rem, upon a seizure brought for a supposed violation of the act of the 3d of March, 1819, ch. 775; (ch. 200,) to protect the commerce of the United States, and to punish the crime of piracy. The information onginally contained five counts, each asserting a piratical aggression and restraint on the high seas upon a different vessel, one, the Madras, belongig'to British subjects, another, the Sullivan, belonging to American citizens, another, the Emily Wilder, belonging to American citizens; another, the Albert, belonging to British subjects, and another upon a vessel -whose name was unknown, belonging- to Portuguese subjects, and this last count contained also an allegation of a piratical depredation. The Malek Adhel and cargo were claimed by the firm of Peter Harmony and Co., of New York, as their property, and the answer denied the whole gravamen of the informa-. tion. At the hearing in the District Court, the vessel was condemned and the cargo acquitted, and the costs were directed to be a charge upon the proper- condemned. An appeal was taken by. both parties to the Circuit Court, and upon leave obtained, two additional counts were there filed, one alleging a piratical aggression, .restraint, and depredation upon a vessel belonging to Portuguese subjects, whose name was unknown, m a hostile manner and with intent to destroy
U

230

SUPREME COURT.

United States v. Brig'Xalek Adhel.

and plunder the vessel,. in violation of the law of nations, and another alleging an aggression by discharge of cannon and restraint upon a British vessel called the Alert, or the Albert, in a hostile manner, and with intent to sink and destroy the same vessel, in violation of the law of nations. Upon the hearing of the cause in the Circuit Court, the decree of the District Court was affirmed, and from that decree an appeal has been taken by. both partiesto this .court.
It was fully admitted in the court below, that the owners of the brig and cargo never contemplated or authorized the acts complained of, that the brig was bound on an innocent,commercial voyage from New York to Guayamas, in California, and that the equipments on board were the usual equipments for such a voyage. It appears from the evidence that the brig sailed from the port of N w York. on the 30th of June, 1840, under the command of one Joseph Nunez5 armed with a cannon and ammunition, and with pistols and-daggers on board. The acts of aggression complained of, were committed at diflerent tames under false pretences, and wantonly and wilfully without provocation, or justification, between the 6th of July, 1840, and the 20th of August, 1840, when the brig arrived at Bahia, where, in consequence of the information given to the American consul by the crew, the brig was seized by the United States ship Enterprize, then at that port, and earned to Rio Janeiro, and from- thence brought to the
United States.. The general facts are fully stated in a deposition of one John
Myers, the first mate of the Malek Adhel, and his testimony is corroborated by the other evidence in the cause, m its main outlines and details. The narrative, although long, cannot be better given than in his own words. He says, among other things, cc On Tuesday, the 30th of June," [Here the judge read a part of the evidence of Myers,. which is set forth in the statement ofthe case by the reporter.]
Now upon this posture of the case, it has been contended, 1st. That the brig was not an armed vessel in the sense of the act of Congress of 181-9, ch. 75, (ch. 200.) 2. That the aggressions, restraints, and depredations disclosed m the evidence were not piratical within the sense of the act. 3. That if the case in both Zespects is brought within the scidpe -of the act, still neither the brag nor the cargo are liable to condemnation, because the-owners neither participated in nor authorized the piratical acts, but are entirely innocentthereof. 4. That if the brig is so liable to condemnation, the cargo is not, either under the act of Congress or by the law of nations.

JA'NU.ARY TERM, 1844.

!31

United-.States v. Brig Malek Adhel.

We shall address ourselves accordingly to the consideration of each of these grounds of defence. The act of 1819, eh, 75, (ch. 200,) provides, in the first section, that the Presidentis- authorized and requested to employ the public armed ships of the United States with suitable instructions in protecting the merchant ships of the United States and their crews from piratical aggressions and depredations." By the second section the commanders of such armed vessels are authorized cc to subdue, seize, take, and send into any port of the United States any armed vessel or boat, or any vessel or boat the crew whereof shall be armed, and which shall have attempted or committed any piratical aggressibn, search, restraint, depre"dation, or. seizure upon any vessel of the Umted States, or of the citizens of the United States, or upon any other vessel," &c. By the third section it is provided "cthat the commander and crew of any merchant'vessel owned wholly or in part by a citizen thereof, may oppose and defend against any aggression, search, restraint, depredation, or seizure,.whicli shall be attempted upon such vessel, or upon any other vessel owned as aforesaid, by the commander ot crew of any other armed vessel whatsoever, not being a public armed vessel of some nation in amity with the United States, and may subdIte and capture the same," &c. Then comes the fourth section, (upon -which the five counts of the original information are founded,) which is as follows, "cThat whenever any vessel or boat from which any pirati-
cal aggression, search, restraint, depredation, or sdizure shall have been first attempted or made, shall be captured and brought into any port of the United States, the same shall and may be adjudged and condemned to their use and.that of the captors, after due process and trial.in any court having admiralty jurisdiction, and which shall be holden for the district into which such captured vessel hall be brought, and the same court shall thereupon order bLsale and ditnbutibn thereof. accordingly, and at their discretion." The fifth section declares, that any person who shall on the high seas commit the crime of piracy as d-fined by.the law of nations, shall, upon conviction thereof, be punished, with death.
Such are theprovisions of the act of 1819, ch. 75, (ch. 200.) And it appears to us exceedingly clear, that the.Malek Adhel is an " armed vessel" within the true' intent aud meaning of the act. No distinction is taken, or .even suggested in the act, as to the objects; or purposes, or character of the armament, whether it be for offence -or defence, legitimate or illegitimate. The .policy as well as the words

232

SUPREME COURT.

United States v. Brig Malek Adhel.

of the, act' equally extend to all armed vessels winch commit the' unlawful acts specified, therein. And there is no ground, either of principle or' authority, upon which we are at liberty to extract the present case 'from the operation of the act.
The next question is whether the acts complained of are piratical within the sense and purview of the act. The argument for the claimants. seems to suppose, that the act does not intend to punish any aggression, which, if carried into complete execution, would not amount to positive piracy in contemplation of law. That it must be mainly, if not exclusively, done ammo firandi, or lucr causa, and that it must unequivocally demonstrate that the aggression is with a view to plunder, and not for any other purpose, however hostile or atrocious or indispensable such purpose may be. We cannot adopt any such narrow atid limited interpretation of the words of the act; and in ouir judgrient it would manifestlydefeat the objects and policy of the act, which'seems designed to carry into effect the general law of nations on the same subject in a just and approprate manner. Where the act.uses the word -piratical," it does so in a general sense, importing that ,the aggression is unauthorized by the law of nations, hostile in its character, wanton and criminal in its commission, and utterly without -any sanction from any public authority or. sovereign power. In short, it means that the act belongs to the class 'of offences which pirates are in the habit of perpetrating, whether they do it for purposes of plunder,. or'for purposes of hatred, revenge, or wanton abuse of power. A pirate is deemed, and properly deemed,
ostishumanigenerts. But why is he so deemed ? Because he com-
mits hostilities upon the subjects and property of any or all nations, without any regard to right or duty, or any pretence of public authority. If he wilfully sinks or destroys -an innocent merchant ship, without any other object than to gratify his lawless appetite for mis-
chief, it is just as much a piratical aggression, in the sense of the law of nations, and of the act of Congress, as if he did it solely and exclusively for the sake of plunder, lucre causa The -law looks to it as an act of hostility, and being conmitted by a vessel not commissioned and engaged in lawful warfare, it treats it as the act of a pirate, and of one who is emphatically hstis Auiman genernsc We
think that the aggressions established by the evidenca bnng the case completely within the prohibitions of the act; and if an intent to plunder were necessa.'y to be established, (as we think it is not,) the acts of aggression and hostility and plunder committed on the

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

233

United States v. Brig Malek AdheL

Portuguese vessel are sufficient to establish the fact of an open

although petty'plunderage.

Besides, the argument interprets the act of Congress as though it

contuied only the word cc depredation," or at least coupled aggres-

sion and depredation as concurrent and essential circumstances to

bring the case within the penal enactment of the law. But the act

has no such limitations or qualifications. It punishes any piratical

aggression or pirtical search, or piratical restrait, or piratical seizure,

as well as a piratical depredation. Either is sufficient. The search

or restraint may be piratical although no plunder follows, or is found

worth carrying away. What Captain Nunez designed under his

false and hollow pretences and excuses it may not be easy to say,

with exact confidence or certainty. It may have been to train his

crew'to acts of wanton and piratical nisclnef, or.to seduce them into

piratical enterprises. It may have been from a reckless and wanton

abuse of power, to gratify his own lawless passions. It could scarcely

have been from mental hallucinations, for therewas toomuch method

in his mad projects to leave any doubt that there was cunning and

craft and worldly wisdom in his course, and that he meditated more

than he chose to explain to his crew. They never suspected or

accused him of insanity, although they did of purposes of fraud.

The next question is, whether the innocence of the owners can

withdraw the ship from the penrlty of confiscation under the act of

Congress. Here, again, it may be remarked that the act makes no

exception whatsoever, whether the -ggression be with or without the

co-operation of the owners. The vessel which commits the aggres-

sion is treated as' the offender, as the guirty instrument or thing to

which the forfeiture attaches, without any reference whatsoever to the

character or conduct of the owner. The vessel or boat (says,the act

of Congress) from which such piratical aggression, &c., shall have

been first attempted or made shall be condemned. Nor is there any

thing new In a provision of this sort. It is not an uncommon course

in the admiralty, acting under the law of nations, to treat the vessel

in which or by which,,or by the master or crew thereof, a wrong or

offence has been done as the offender, without any regard whatsoever

to the personal misconduct or responsibility of the owner thereof.

And this is done from the necessity of the cse, as the only adequate

means of suppressing the offence or wrong, or msunng an indemnity

to the injured party.. The doctrine also is familiarly applied to cases

of smuggling and other misconduct under our revenue laws, and has

VOL. I.-30

u 2

234

SUPREME COURT.

United States v. Brig Maleir AdheL

been applied to other.kindred cases, such as cases arising on embargo and non-intercourse acts. In short, the acts of the master and -crew, in cases of this sort, bind the interest of the owner of the shlp, whether he be innocent or guilty; and he impliedly submits to whatever the law denounces as a forfeiture attached to the slp by reason of their unlawful or -wanton wrongs. In the case of the United States v. le Schooner!Little Charles, 1 Brock. Rep. 347, 354, a case arising under the embargo laws, the same argument which has been addressed to us, was upon that occasion add essed to Mr. Chief Justice Marshall. The learned judge, in reply, said. " This is not a proceeding against the owner, it is a proceeding against the vessel for an offence committed by the vessel, which is not the less an offence, and does not the less subject her to forfeiture because it was committed without the authority and against the will of the owner. It is true that inanmate matter cun commit io offence. But this body is animated and put in action' by the crew, who are guided.by the master. The vessel acts and speaks by the master. She reports herself by the master. It is therefore not unreasonable that the vessel should be affeCted.by this report." The same-doctrine was held by this court in the case of the Palmyra, 12 Wheat. R. 1, 14, where referring to seizure3 in revemie causes,'it was said. " The thing is here primarily considered as the offender, or rather the offence is primarily attached to the thing; and this whether the offence be .nalum proibitum or malum zn re. The same thmg applies to proceeding zn rem or seizures. in theAdmiralty." The same doctrine, has been fully recognised in the High Court of Admiralty in England, as is stfficienty apparent from the Vrow Judith, I Rob. R: 150, the Adonis, 5 Rob. IL 256, the Mars, 6 Rob. R. 87, and indeed in many other cases, where the owner of the slup has beenheld bound by, the acts of the master, whether he-was ignorant thereof or not.(a)
The ship. is also by the general maritime law held responsible for the torts -and misconduct of the master and crew thereof, whether
arising from negligence or a wilful disregard of duty, as for example, in cases of collision and other wrongs done upon the high seas or elsewhere within the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, upon &he general policy of that law, which looks to the instrument itself, used as the means- of the mischief, as. the-best and surest -pledge for the compensation and indemnity-to the injured party.

(e) See 3 Wheaton's Rep., Appendix, p. 37 to p. 40.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

235

United States v. Brig Malek AdheL

The act of Congress has therefore done nothing more on tins point than to affirm and enforce the general principles of the maritime law and of the law of nations.
The remaining question is, whether the cargo is involved inthe same fate as the ship. In respect to the forfeiture under the act 6f 1819, it is plawn that the.cargo stands upon a very diffdrent ground from that of the ship. Nothing is'said in relation to the condemnation of the cargo in the fourth section of the act; and in the silence of any expression of the'legislature, in the case of provisions confessedly penal, it ought not to be .presumed that their intention exceeded their language. We have no right to presume that-the policy of the act reached beyond the condemnation of the offending vessel.
The argument, then, which seeks condemnation of the cargo, must rely solely and exelusively for its support upon the sixth and seventh counts, founded upon the law of nations and the general maritime law. So far as the general maritime law applies to torts or injuries committed on the high seas and witlun the admiralty jurisdiction, the general rule is, not forfeiture of the offending property; but compensation to the full extent of all damages sustained or reasonably allowable, to be enforced by a proceeding therefor sn rem or sn personam. It is true that the law of nations goes in many cases much farther, and inflicts the penalty of confiscation for very gross and wanton violations of duty. But, then, it limits the penalty to cases of extraordinary turpitude or violence. For petty misconduct, or petty plunderage, or petty neglect of duty, it contents itself with the mitigated rule of compensation in damages. Such was the doctrine recognised by this court inthe case of the Mananna Flora, 11 Wheat. R. 1, 40, where an attempt was made to inflict the penalty of conliscation for an asserted (but not proved) piratical or hostile aggression. -. Upon that occasion, the court said. cc The other count" (which was sunilar to those now under our consideration) "cwhich seeks -condemnation on the ground of an asserted hostile aggression, admits of a similar answer. It proceeds upon the principle that, for gross violations of the law of nations on the high seas, the.penalty of confiscation may be properly inflicted upon the offending property. Supposing the general rule to be so in ordinary cases of property taken in delcto, it is not, therefore, to be admitted, that every, offence, however small, however done under a mstake of rights, or for purposes wholly defensive, isto be visited with such harsh punmshments. Whatever-

-236

SUPREME COURT.

United States v. Brig Malek Adhel.

may be the case, where a gross, fraudulent, and unprovoked attack is made by one vessel upon another upon the sea, which is attended with grievous loss or injury, such effects are not to be attributed to lighter 'fhults or common negligence. It may be just in such cases to award to the injured party full compensation for his actual loss and damage, but the infliction of any forfeiture beyond this does not seem to be pressed by any considerations derived from public law." And the court afterwards added ,,And a piratical aggression by an armed vessel sailing under the regular flag of any nation, may be justly subjected to the penalty of confiscation for such a gross breach of the law of nations. But every hostile attack in a time of peace is not necessarily piratical. It may be by mistake or in necessary self-defence, or to repel a supposed meditated attack by pirates. It may be justifiable, and then no blame attaches to the act, or it may be without any just excuse, and then it carries responsibility in damages. If it proceed farther, if 1. be an attack from revenge or malignity, from a gross abuse of power, and a settled purpose of mischief, then it assumes the character of a private unauthorized war, and may be punished by all the penalties which the law of nations can properly administer;" that is, (as the context shows,) confiscation and forfeiture of the-offinding vessel.
Now, it is impossible-to read this language and not to feel that it directly applies to the present case. In the first place, it shows, that the offending vessel mayby the la, of nations, in the case supposed
of an attack from malignity, from a gross abuse of power, and a settled purpose of mischief, be justly subjected to forfeiture. But it is as clear that the language is solely addressed to the offending vessel and was not intended as of course to embrace the cargo, even
if it belonged to the same owner, and he did not participate in or authorize the offensive aggression, For the court afterwards, m another part of the case, where the subject of the cargo was directly under consideration said, cc But the second count" (founded on the law of nations) "cembraces a wider range, and-if it had been proved in its aggravated extent, it does not necessarily follow that the cargo ought to be exempted. That is a question which would require grave de-
liberation. It is in general true that the act -of the master does not bind the innocent owner of the cargo, but the rule is not of universal application. And where the master is also agent and the owner of the cargD, or both ship and cargo belong to the same person, a distind.T tion may, perhaps, arise in the principle of decision." So that the

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

287

*United States v.Brig Malek AdheL

court studiously avoided giving a conclusive opmibn upou thiv-pomt. Looking to the authorities upon this subject; we shall find that the cargo is not generally deemed to be involved in the same confiscation as the ship, unless the owner thereof co-operates in or-authorrzes the unlawful act. There are exceptions founded in the policy of nations, and as it were the necessities of enforcing belligerent rights against fraudulent evasions, where a more strict rule is enforced and the cargo follows the fate of the ship. But these exceptions stand upon peculiar grounds, and will be found, upon a close examination, to be consistent wifh, and distingushable from, the general principle above suggested. Many of the authorities upon thin subject have been cited at the bar, and others will be found copiously colected in a note i" the appendix to the 2d vol. of Wheat. Rep. p. 37-40.
The present case seems to us faTirly to fall witlvn the general pnnciple of exempting the cargo. The owners are confessedly innocent of all intentional or meditated wrong. They fte free from any imputation of guilt, and every suspicion of connivance with the master in his hostile acts and wanton misconduct. Unless, then,there were some stubborn rule, which,-upon clear grounds of public policy, required the penalty of confiscation to extend to the cargo, we should be unwilling to enforce it. We know of no such rule. On the contrary, the act of Congress, pointing out, as it does, in this very case, a limitation of the penalty of confiscation to the vessel alone, satisfies our minds that the public policy of our government in cases of this nature is not intended to embrace the cargo. It is satisfied: by attaching the penalty to the offending vessel, as all that public justice and a just regard to private rights reqire. For these reasons, we are of opinon that the decrees condemning the vessel and restoring the cargo, rendered in both the courts -below, ought to be afirmed.
There remains then, only the consideration of the costs, whether the courts below did right in making them exclusively a charge upon the proceeds of the condemned propeity. Costs in the admiralty are in the sound discretion of the court; and no appellate court should ordinarily interfere with that discretion, unless under peculiar circumstances. Here, no such circumstances occur. The matter of costs i9 not per se the proper subject of an appeal; but it can be taken notice of only incidentally as connected with .the principal decree, when the correctness of the latter is directly before the court. In the present case the cargo was acquitted, and thereas no ground to.im-

238

SUPREME CO.URT.

Brockett et al. 'v. Brockett.

pute any fault to it. If it had been owned by a third person, there would have been no reason for mulctinig the owner in costs; uhder circumstances like.the present, where it was impracticable to separate the cargo from the vessel by any. "elivery thereof, unless in a foreign por, and no peculiar cause of suspicion attached thereto. Its belonging to the same owner iight justify its being brought in and subjected to judicial extmination and inquiry, as a case where there was probable cause for the seizure and detention. But there it stopped. The innocence of the owner has been fully established; the vessel has been subjected to condemnation, and the fund is amply sufficient to indemniiry the captors for all their costs and charges. We see no reason why the innocent cargo, under such circumstances, should be loaded with any dumulative burdens.
Upon the whole, -we are all of opinion that the decree of the Circuit Court ought to be, and it is affirmed, without costs.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the. record frox? the Circuit Court of the United States for.the District of Maryland, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, It is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, without costs.

BocT'T ET AL. v. BRocxTT.
Where there are many parties in a case below, it is not necessary for them all to join in the appeal bond. It is suflicient if they all appeal and the bond be approved by the court.
No appeal lies from the refusal of the court below to open a former decree. But if the court entertains a petition to open a lecree, the time limited for an
appeal does not begin to'run until the refusal to open it, the same term continuing. Where an appeal is prayed'in open court, no citation is necessary.
THIs -was an appeal from the chancery side of the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia.
-The case was not reached in regular order, but a motion was' made, under the rule. to dismiss the appeal under the following state of facts.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

65'3 "

H-anson et aL. i,. Eustace's Lessee.

Mrs. Clark co-distributees with Mrs. Gaines under the will of 1811, as to the one-fifth part of Daniel Clark's estate.
The purchasers are charged with having purchased with knowledge of Mrs. Gaines's superior title; and with having fraudulently purchased from the execut6rs with such knowledge; there being jurisdiction to grant relief against the executors, in chancery, th6 same court can grant relief against the purchasers, involved in the fraud. of the executors. If they could be compelled to account in regard to the -real estate when it remained in their hands; purchasers with notice of Mrs. Gaines's rights; and who purchased with the intention to defeat her rights and deprive her of them, can stand in no better situation than the executors, an4 must account likewise; both being held in a court of equity equally as trustees for the 'true owner. Therefore, on the face of the bill, a-court of equity has jurisdiction; and a court of law has not exclusive jurisdiction, and thus the third. point ought to be certified.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard- on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana, and on the points and questions which-were certified to this court for its opinion agreeably to the act of Congress in such case made and provided, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, 'It is the opinion of this court that the first question should be answered in the affirmative; but that the bill should be so amended in the Circut Court as to avoid both of the exceptions stated in. the opinion of this court, and 'that 'the second and third questions should also be answered in the affirmative, With the qualifications stated in the opinion of this court. Whereupon, itis now here ordered and adjudged, that it be so certified to the judges of the said Circuit Court.

WmLwL R.

HAX'soN,

JOSEPH

L.

Moss,

IsAAC

PmLInPS,

H
Jos px

M.

Moss, AND DAVID SAHUEL, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, v. LESSEE OF

JoN H. EusTAcE.

A-refusal to-roduce books and 'papers under a notice, lays the foundation for
the introduolion of secondary evidence of their contents, but affords neither' presumptive nor -prima fac&e evidence of the- fact sought to be proved by
them.
3L2

SUPREME COURT.
Hanson et al. v. Etstace's Lessee.
'Where the fact sought to be proved by the production of b6oks and papers, is the existence of a deed from one of the partners of a firm to the firm itself, secondary proof, that an entry existed on the books of a transfer of real estate to the firm; that au account was open, in them, with the property; that the money of the firm was applied to the consideration of the purchase; that the persons who erected new buildings on the property were paid by the note.sand checks of the firm, which buildings were afterwards rented in the name, and partly furnished through the funds of the partnership; and that the taxes were paid in the same way, is-not sufficient for the presumption of a deed by ,a jury, as a matter of direction from the court.
Nor are the jury at liberty, in such, a case, to consider a refusal to furnish books and papers, as one of the reasons upon which to presume a deed; and instruction from the court which permits them to do so, is erroneous.
Tins case was brought up by writ of error from the Circuit Court of the United States, holden in and for the eastern district of Pennsylvania. It wds an ejectment brought by Eustace, a citizen of the state of Virginia, against the plaintiffs in error, for two pieces of property in the city of Philadelphia; particularly described in the declaration. One of them fronted sixty-six feet upon Chestnut street, being upon the west side of Schuylkill Seventh street, and the other was on the westerly side of South Sixth street, between High and Chestnut streets, fronting tw~nty-five feet on Sixth street, nearly the whole of the lot being covered with a large building. The plaintiff below, Eustace, claimed title under a sheriffs sale; the defendant, Hanson, also claimed title under a public sale, but made under the authority of the assignees of R. and I. Phillips, who had become insolvent. Eustace alleged that the whole of the proceedings, both before and after the insolvency, were void on account of fraud; and that, this being so, there was nothing to impair his own title. The firm of R. and I. Phillips, which carried on a very extensive commercial business, in Philadelphia, was composed originally of Robert Phillips and Isaac Phillips. After the death of the former, which occurred, as will be hereafter stated, the partners were Isaac Phillips and Joseph L. Moss, who continued to use the same partnership name.
In April 1830, Isaac Phillips was regularly naturalized as a citizen of the United States.
On the 9th of June, 1832, Herring and wife conveyed to Robert Phillips, in fee, the property in Sixth street.
In December, 1833, Robert Phillips died, intestate; Isaac being then in Europe. John Moss, whose daughter Isaac had married,

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

655

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

entered a caveat at the office of the probate of 'wills, to prohibit any

one from taking out letters of administration upon his estate.

On the 29th of August, 1834, three several persons conveyed each

a lot upon Mulberry street, or Arch street, being called by either

name, (the three lots being adjoining to each other, and making in

the whole sixty-six feet,) to Sarah Moss Phillips, wife of Isaac Phil-

lips, &ubjectto the payment of a ground rent therein mentioned.

In September, 1834, Isaac Phillips entered into a contract with-

one Linck, a house carpenter, to: build a house for him on the -lot

just mentioned in Arch street, and agreed to pay said Linck $20,000

for it, in the manner stated in the contract.

On the 1st of January, 1835, R. and I. Phillips leased the pro-.

perty in Sixth street to one Saint for four years; R. and I. Phillips

agreeing to assist in furnishing to the amount of $1000, which was

to he refunded by Saint in the first year, after vlich Saint was to pay $1600 per annum as rent.

On the 9th of June, 1835, Thompson and wife conveyed to

Isaac Phillips, his heirs and assigns, the Chestnut street property,,

subject to the payment of an annual ground-rent of $272 per annum;

and subject also to the payment of a mortgage debt of $3500.

.

On the 22d of June, 1835, Phillips, having purchased the ground-

rent thug reserved upon his lot, received a deed for it from the then

owner, paying $4533 33.

On the '30th of January, 1837, the register issued a notice to

John Moss, stating that, in consequence-of his caveat, no letters.of

administration had been taken-out upon the estate of Robert Phillips,

whereby the collateral inheritance tax was. unattended to,'and the

commonwealth was suffering

On the 4th of February, .1837, letters of administration were

granted to Isaac Phillips, who gave the required bond and security.

On the 13th of February, 1837, R. and I. Phillips wrote to Eus-

tace, instructing him to draw on them at ninety days for $30,000 or

$40,000, and to send sterling or French bills.

On the 4th of March, 1837, Eustace drew a bill of exchfinge,

dated at Richmond, upon R. and I. Phillips, payable fifteen days

after date .to the order of Henry Thassall, for $9085 92, which was

accepted by the drawees. -

On the 20th of March, 1837, Joseph L. Moss conveyed to David

SUPREME COURT.
Hanson et al.v. Eustaco's Lessee.
Samuel certain property therein mentioned, situated on Walnut street, for the sum of $7000.
On the 22d of March, 1837, Isaac Phillips and Joseph L. Moss, composing the firm of R. and I. Phillips, made a conveyance to Joseph M. Moss and David Samuel, reciting that the parties of tho first part had been compelled to suspend payment, and conveying to the parties of the second part " all ana singular the joint and several property and estate of the said parties of the first part, and of each of them, real and personal, situate, lying and being, or due, owing or belonging to them or either of them, within the state of New York," upon trust to pay certain persons therein mentioned. This deed was verified and recorded in New York, on the 23d of March.
On the 24th of March, 1837, Joseph L. Moss executed a warrant of attorney, to confess judgment in favour of John Moss, for $48,000, conditioned for the payment of $24,600.
On the 25th of March, 1837, David Samuel re-conveyed to Joseph L. Moss the same property which Moss had conveyed to him on the 20th of March.
On the 27th of March, 1837, a jAo1ment was entered up, in ,-the District Court for the city and county of Philadelphia, in favour of John Moss, against Joseph L.Moss, for the sum of $48,000, in conformity with the warrant of attorney just referred to.,
On the 10th of April, 1837, Isaac Phillips conveyed to John Moss the life-estate which he derived from being tenant by the curtesy, in the Mulberry street property, which has been heretofore mentioned as having been conveyed to Sarah Moss Phillips, wife of the said Isaac, on the 29th of August, 1834. This property was subject'to a ground-rent of $231 per.annum, but is understood to be considered in Pennsylvania as a fee. The consideration received by Isaac Phillips is stated to have been $7102 17.
On the 27th of May, 1837, Joseph L. Moss execdited to John Moss, a bill of sale of sundry articles of furniture, valued at $3950, to pay in part the judgment which had been entered, on the 27th of March, against the said Joseph L. Moss.
On the 3d of June, 1837, Isaac Phillips executed to Joseph M. Moss a bill of sale of certain furniture, in consideration of $5707.
On the 22d of June, 1837, Isaac Phillips; and Sarah his wife, and Joseph L. Moss, and Julia his wife, executed d deed to Joseph M. Moss and David Samuel, assigning their property generally, and par-

JANUARY TERM;, 1844.

657

Hanson et aL v. Eustace's Lessee.

ticularly describing the two pieces of property which are the subjects of the present suit, upon certain trusts. After providing for preferred creditors, the deed directed the trustees to pay and satisfy in full, or rateably, all the othdr creditors who should, on or before the 21st day of August, 1837, at twelve o'clock, noon, and if resident in Europe, on or before the 20th of October, 1837, at twelve o'clocki noon, execute and deliver to the said R. and I. Phillips, a fall, valid, and general release. The trust was accepted.
On the 8th of July, 1837, the propertythus conveyed was valued by appraisers, appointed by the Court of Common Pleas, at $139,373 69. The Chestnut street property.'was valued at $15,000, and: the Sixth street property at $20,000."
On the 2d of October, 1837, Phillips and Moss separately petitioned for the benefit of the insolvent law of Pennsylvania, but did not execute an assignment'of their property to trustees. Two of thecreditors opposed their discharge, but on the 19th of October, their opposition was withdrawn, and Phillips and Moss were severally :discharged.
On the 17th.of November, 1837, Isaac Phillips, as the administrator of Robert Phillips, represented to the Orphans' Court that the said Robert, at the time of' his death, was'seised in fee of the Sixth street property; that he owed the petitioner the sum of $35,473 35, and prayed for an order tQ sell the property. Whereupon the court, on due coisideration, granted the prayer of the petitioner; and awarded an order of sale accordingly.
In December, 1837, an action -was brought by the Farmers' Bank of Virginia against Phillips and Moss, trading under the firm of R. and I. Phillips, in the District Court of the city and county of Philadelphia, upon the bill of exchange drawn upon them by Eustace as before mentioned.
On the 19th of January, 1838, Isaac Phillips, as administrator of Robert, reported to the Orphans' Court, that he had, on the 26th of December, sold the Sixth street property to David Samuel, anl J. Mor Moss, assignees of R. and.I. Phillips, for $22,500, which sale was duly confirmed.
On the 22d of January, 1838, a judgment was entered in the Dis. trict Court against R. and I. Phillips, at the suit of the Farmers' Bank bf Virginia for the sum of $9541 58,. subject to the defendants' dis;. charge uder the insolvent laws of Pennsylvania.
VOL. I.--83

658

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

On the 30th of January, 1838, Isaac Phillips, as administrator of Robert, executed a deed for the Sixth street property, to David Samuel and Joseph Morn Moss, assignees of R. and I. Phillips, which was ratified and confirmed by the Orphans' Court.
On the 19th of March, 1838, a fie facias was issued upon the judgment obtained in March, 1827, by John Moss against Joseph L. Moss, for $48,000, the proceedings upon which were set aside on the 5th of May for irregularity.
On 'the 11th of May, 1838, Eustace filed a bill in equity, in the Court of Common Pleas against R. and I. Phillips and their assignees, claiming that the proceeds of certain notes and bills should be specifically applied to the payment of his, the said Eustace's, claim.
On the 12th of May, 1838, an aliasvenditioni exponas was issued upon the judgment in the case of John Moss against Joseph L. Moss, and on the 4th of June the sheriff sold to John Moss, for $150 the interest of Joseph L. Mos§ in the Walnut street property.
On the 8th of June, 1838, the judgment which the Farmes' Bank of Virginia had obtained against R. and I. Phillips was entered for the use of-Eustace, upon which afierifaciaswas issued on the 12th of September. The sheriff levied upon several pieces of property, amongst which were. the two which are the subject of the present suit, viz., the Chestnut street and Sixth street properties. ' On the 29th of September, 1838, the subject of the insolvency of Phillips and Moss was brought before the Court of Common Pleas, which passed an order permitting the petitioners to sign the assignments annexed to their petitions, and directed the date of said assignments to be filled up, as of that day; and that the time-from which said assignments should take effect should thereafter be determined by the proper authority: and the cotirt refused to alter the appointment of assignees, made at the time the petitioners were sworn and discharged, to wit, in the term of December, 1837. -The trustees gave bonds on the same day.
From September, 1838, to April 24th, 1839, there were five writs of venditioni exponas issued on the judgments which the Farmers' Bank of Virginia had against R. and I. Phillips, all of which writs and the proceedings under them were set aside for irregularity. On the 24th of April, a pluriesvenditioni exponas was issued. But before the sale was made, viz., on the 30th of Aprili 1839, the assignees of R. and I. Phillips sold at public sale, at the Philadelphia Ex-

" JANUARY TERM, 1844.

659

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee .

change, the Chestnut street and Sixth street properties to William R.

Hanson, one of the defendants in the suit below, and one of the

present plaintiffs in error, at the following prices, viz., the Chestnut

street property for $16,000, and the Sixth street propertyfor $20,500.

Both properties were advertised as clear of all encumbrances, title

indisputable. At the sale the following notice was read.

" Bidders will please take notice that the property on the north

side of Cheitnut street, 42 feet west of Schuylkill Seventh street,

being 66 feet front, by 158 feet deep; and also that on the west side

of Delaware Sixth street, between Markqt and Chestnut streets, for-

merly known as Rubicam hotel, have been levied upon as the pro-

perty of the late firm of R. and I. Phillips, and are actually adver-

tised by the sheriff; and that the right of the assignees of R. and 1.

Phillips to convey any title to either of said properties is disputed

and denied.

C. FALLow."

On the 10th of May, 1839, the assignees executed deeds to Han-

son for the, Chestnut street and Sixth street properties.

On the 20th of May, 1839, the sheriff under the last writ of ven-

ditioni exponas, issued in the case of theFarmers' Bank of Virginia

against R. and I. Phillips, set up and exposed to public sale several

pieces of property, amongst which'were the Chestnut street and Sixth

street propertiesg, for which Christopher Fallon became the highest

bidder and purchaser.

I

On the "22dof June, 1839, the sheriff executed a' deed of the

above to Fallon, who, oa the 11th of September conveyed them to

Eustace, the plaintiff, in the suit below.

in October, 1839, Eustace brought an ejectment to recover pos.

session.

The 'cause came on for trial in October, 1840. The facts stated

above were established by proof, and evidence farther offered to show

that the property in Sixth street was recognised by the firm of R. and

I.. Phillips as partnership property; that an account wps opened

with it on the books, and the taxes paid by the firm. On the. part

of the defendant, evidence was offered to show that, at the time of

the death of Robert Phillips, there was another brother living-besides

Isaac, who was called Samuel, and also that two children-of a third

brother, named Lawrence, -were living; that 'the Walnut street pro.'

perty was not included in the assignment, because it was thought

660

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

that the encumbrances upon it were so heavy as to destroy its value as property.
In an early stage of the trial, the counsel for ihe plaintiff gave notice, to the defendant to produce the books and papers belonging to the firm of R. and I. Phillips. After the testimony was closed, the court called on the plaintiff's counsel to proceed to address the jury, at which time a large number of books were brought into court, said to be the books of R. and I. Phillips, and the inspection of them was offered to the plaintiff's counsel; but the court said it was too late, and they would not permit time to be taken up in that stage of the case.
The court having delivered a charge to the jury, a verdict was found by the latter for the plaintiff; but the following exceptions
were taken to the charge: "Mr. Joseph L. Moss and Isaac Phillips, the defendants in the
judgment, have been divested of all their interest, either by their voluntary assignment in June, 1837, and the proceedings under the insolvent act in October following, or the sheriff's sale in May, 1839. They can set up no title adverse to the plaintiff, and though ,the assignment in June may be perfectly valid, they have no right to retain possession, unless, perhaps, with the assent of the assignees, under. their title, as distinct from theirs. Mr. Joseph M. Moss and David Samuel have no legal estate in the property; their deed to M. Hanson divested their interest in May, 1839; they have, therefore, in themselves, no right to retain possession; though, if they are in possession, they may defend, under the assignment, and the title of M. Hanson, as a purchaser from them, unless such privity exists between them' and the defendants in the judgment, as prevents them from setting up an outstanding title-a question, which is not very important in this case, and might rather tend to make it more complicated than is niecessary, by discussion."
"Andthereupon the said defendants further excepted to the following matters or propositions of law contained in the 'said charge- to the jury, to wit:
"It.is farther objected to the plaintiff's right, that havingecepted a judgment, subject to the discharge of the defendants under the insolvent law, h took it, subject to all its incidents and effects, whereby he can come upon the property of the debtors only as a

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

661

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

general creditor, on an equal footing with all others, through the intervention 6f the trustees, or in their name. This is, however, not the true construction of the arreenient; it means that by confessing judgment, the defendant waived no rights or exemptions, which accrued to him by the discharge; it left him free to claim freedom from arrest on any process on the judgment, or any other right secured by the law; but it left the plaintiff at liberty to pursue any property which had belonged to the defendants, by a proceeding adversary to a purchaser under him, or any assenting creditor. If, notwithstanding any previous assignment, either voluntary or under the jnsolvent law, there was any property to which his judgment could attach, there was nothing in the assignment or its legal effects which prevents the plaintiff from pursuing it by legal proce~s, till by its consummation by a sheriff's sale and aeed acknowledged, he put himself in a position to assert his pretensions in a court of law, or which could, in any manner, compel him to come in under either assignment, or lose his debt.
"cAs a judgment creditor, hq might contest with the assignees under the voluntary assiinment, the validity of their title, or that of any person claiming under them, or the right- of the trust6es under the insolvent assignment; and if he could defeat the right thus claimed, the property was open to his claim, if he could establish it. In endeaiouring to do so by this suit, we think he is -not acting inconsistently withthe, terms on which the judgment was confessed; the defendants disclaim all interest in the property from the time of their first assignment, and are, therefore, not competent to .question the plaintiff's right to try title with others. On a contrary constiuctibn, he would be compelled to acquiesce in the exclusion from the benefits under the assignment, by not having released in time; or if it was inoperativej to come in only as a general creditor for his rateable proportion of the available effects of the insolvents. We think this obj.ectioi" is not sustained."
And thereupon the said defendants further excepted to the following matters or propositions of law contained in the said charge to the jury, to wit:
"It is next objected, that the plaintiff is precluded from contesting the validity of the assignment of June, 1837, by having filed a bill in equity, admitting its effect, and claiming under it, on the same principle which binds a creditor who takes his dividend under. it.
3K

662

SUPREME COURT.

'Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

That principle is undoubtedly a sound one, but we cannot perceive its application to this case.
11 The bill states the fact of an assignment-its acceptance by the
assignees-their action under it, with the consequences of such action on the equitable rights of the plaintiff; .without affirming or denying the legal efficacy of the assignment, he elleges that the assignees have made, or are about to make a disposition of certain specified notes, in violation of an agreement between the plaintiff and the assignees, prejudicial to his interest and rights. He asks the court to interfere, .for the purpose of protecting him from the effects of the assignment, to prevent the assignees from diverting the notes or their proceeds from the purposes agreed upon by the assignors before the assign. ment; he avers this agreement to be binding on the assignees, who are not authorized, on principles of equity to apply this fund to the purposes of the assignment. It is consequently a disaffirmance of the terms and conditions prescribed by the assignors--a claim to the whole of the notes and proceeds, for his own sole benefit, in opposition to the claims of every other creditor. The whole bill is founded on the equitable obligation and duly of the assignees to apply this portion of the assigned effects, contrary to the express terms of the assignment, on the ground that for the causes alleged, the law of equity controls its effect, and must regulate their distribution of the funds. On these principles the equitable claim -of the plaintiff t6 this portion of the personal property assigned, is as adverse to the assignment as his legal claim to the real estate in controversy. The difference between the two claims is this; in the bill in equity the plaintiff avers the delivery of the notes to the assignees--that they were payable to, and endorsed by Robert and Isaac Phillips-that having then come to their hands, his remedy to recover possession of the unpaid notes, or the-proceeds of those ,Which are paid, is in equity., Whether his remedy is at law or in equity, is for the court, bgfore whom the bill is pending, to decide; the object of a suit in either court would be the same; the question in both must be-in whom is the right to the notes or their proceeds-as it is in this case, in whom is the right of possession to the real estate? In"the one case the validity of the assignment in passing the right to these notes to the creditors under the assianment, is as much contested by the plaintiffas it is in the other ; the fact of an assignment is admitted in both, but the plaintiff takes different modes of avoiding its effects.

JANUARY TERM, 184.

663

Hanson et aL v. Eustaces Lessee.

"Having accepted and acted in executioni of the trust, the assignees cannot deny the validity of the assignment; the -law places " their action under the sdjervision of a court, to whom the plaintiff. applies for the application of a specific fund to his exclusive benefit, notwithstanding the contrary application by the assignees, under the requisitions of the assignment.
11 Had the plaintiff resorted to a court of equity for a remedy as to the land in'controversy, in virtue of his sheriffs deed, he must have stated his case, as he has d6ne in his bill in equity in relation to the notes, praying for a reconveyance of what was not sold, an account for, and payment of wbat had been sold, on the ground that the property did not pass in equity by the Assignment, and that in the handsof the assignees, it remained subject to his paramount right as a creditor attempted to.be -defrauded by it. Brodder ground might be taken in the latter than in the former case; the plaintiff might rest his claim to the notes, on the principles of equity implanted in his case, without an allegation of fraud 'in fact, while he might put. his claim to the land. on every ground of fact, law, and equity, which his case covered ; but when his object is to paralyze the assignment, bither as to the notes or land, he cannot be held to affirm or claim " under it.
,1So long as he claims adversely to the terms and conditions upon which the assignees must act pursuant to the assignment, he may, according to the nature of 'his" case, apply to a court of equity, to
compel them to execute the trust, according to their legal and equitable obligations- or apply to a court of law, on the ground that the assignment passed no legal right to personal or real property. In resorting to a court of equity in one case, and a court of law in the other, the plaintiff is at liberty to choose his ground in affirming or disaffirming the legal effect of the assignment in creating a trust. 'The assignees .are,precluded from a choice; they have fastened on themselves a trust, either for the assenting or dissenting creditors, which the appropriate court will carry into execution, according- to its settled principles. As the trust may be a legal or. equitable one, its execution is enforced at law or in equity; as to one portion of the assigned property, the proper remedy may be at law, and as to the other, in equity; yet the pursuit of one can be no bar to the other,. unless the'grounds respectively assumed are wholly incompatible. A creditor who asks for such an execution of a.trust as puts him in

604

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. E.ustaces Lessee.
the same situation as if a.trust,never existed, and defeats the objects intended to be efiected by the creation of the trust, by directing the subject of the -trust from those -fdr whom it was designed to himself, canpot be said tc claim a benefit from the trust, or to affirm what he disaPirms. By pursuing this course, he gives up no right which he could assert at law, by invalidating the Instrument creating ihe trust-his objects are the same; the results of a decree in equity, or a judgment at -law,are the samie, when' his rights are established to the sameiextent "as they existed, before the assignment, or as if it had never been made. ' Should the plaintiff obtain a decree in his favour, as to the notes and their procedds, he thus far annuls the assignment, that it no longer impairs' Eis rights, and ia used by a court of equity as the mere instfum-'nt for the purposes of justice, and a conduit to the equitable jurisdiction'whichit exercises over the trustee. Should he obtain a judgment at law, an execution gives him all .the fruits of a' decree in equity-the different modes of proceeding being but the varied means of elfcting' the same object.' We are,'therefore, of opinidn, that the 'filing and pending-of the plaintiff's bill in equity does not, in law, impair his rights to proceed by ejectment to recover the -property now in dispute, any more than bringing and prosecuting the'piesent action'would preyent him from -prosecuting his bill in equity. This objection must consequently fail."
And thereupon the-siid-defendants further excepted to the following matters or propositions of law contained in the said charge to the jury, to wit:
"Another objection to our entering on an investigation of this case is founded on the decisions 'of the Supieme Court of this state, in the case of Fassit v. Phillips, which it is said established the validity of this assignment, and is obligatory 'on this court, on the principles which it has adopted and acted on uniformly. We'cannot so view it. That was a bill in equity, praying for. an injunction against any proceedings under the assignment, on account of ifs invalidity for the causes set forth in the bill, being acts of alleged fraud on the part of Joseph L. Moss, one of the assignors; an injunction was granted, but on the coming in of the answer, there appPared a positive denial of fraud, and of every fact on thich the ecuity of the plaintiff depended. A motion to dissolve the injunction was made and heard on the bill and answer alone; the court dissolved the injunction, the only effect of which was, that assuming the answer to be true, us the

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

665

Hanson et ai. v. Eustace's Lessee.

court were bound to do in the then state of the case, all action upon

it was suspended till evidence was taken, and the cause came to a

final hearing, when it will be competent for the plaintiff to disprove'

the answer, arid support the allegations of his bill. In the mean

time, the merits bf the cause remain as open as before; the injunc-

tion was granted on the primafacie case stafed in the bill and ex-

hibits, but as the whole equity of the plaintiff was denied, the prima

fade case was rebutted, whereby the parties now.stand as if the court

had not acted on the bill; an interlocutory order, in granting an in-

junction, or taking it off, has no effect on the rights of either party at

the hearing. The facts set up or denied in the answer, can neither

be considered as established or negatived; for the purposes of the

motion to dissolve the injunction, -the answer was taken as true; it

has performed its office, leaving its future effect dependent, in the

opinion of the court, 'on the effect of -opposing evidence on the part

of the plaintiff Had the decisions of the court been made on a'

hearing of the cause on the pleadings, exhibits, and eidence, it would

have been entitled to great weight in our mind, and yo.urs, on the

facti before them, and perhaps conclusive on' matters of law; cer-

tainly so, if their decree had been founded on any state law, statute

or common, which was local, and not in conffict with the laws of the

Union."

And thereupon the said defendants further excepted tq the follow-

ing matters or propositions of law contained in the said charge to the

jury, to wit:

-"Ithas also been contended, that whatever may be the effect of the

assignment of June, 1837,' on the rights of the parties, or if it is

wholly void, the estate of the assignors passed to the trustees ap-.

pointed by the court, on the discharge of Moss and Phillips, under

the insolvent law of 1836, by the force of the law and the discharge,

from the time of the filing the petitions for the benefit of the act,

so that there was no interest i- the defendant on which the, judgment

under which the plaintiff claims could attach. If this position is

well taken, it takes aw'ay all right in either the plaintiff, the assignees,

or Mr. Hanson to the property in controversy; for if it is still vested

in the trustees for the benefit of all the creditors of the insolvent,

without any assignment made by them, then as the trustees have

made no conveyance, the plaintiff's judgment was no lien on their

rights; and if the assignment of June, 1837, is void, Mr. Hanson

has no right.

VOL. M.-84

3 x 2

666

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et a]. v. Eustace's Lessee.
cAs this position is founded on the words of the thirty-fourth sec-
tion of the insolvent act, it becomes necessary to examine its various provisions; in order to ascertain the intention of the legislature in this particular.
"By the first section, the courts of common pleas have power to grant relief -to insolvent debtors, Fon application made in the manner hereinafter provided.' Purdon, 508.
"Sect. 2. 'The jurisdiction of the said court must be exercised as follows, and not otherwise,' viz.: ' by sect. 9, the petitioner must present a statement of his estate, effects, and property, debts due by him, &c. ;' by sect. 12, he must exhibit a true account of his debts, credits, and estates, and shall satisfy the court that he has neither concealed or conveyed, for his own use, or for any of his family or friends, or whereby to expect any future benefit to him or them, any part of his estate, effects, or credits.
"Sect. 13 directs, that if he shall be entitled to relief he shall take an oath that he will deliver up, and transfer to his trustees, for the use of his creditors, all his property, debts, rights, and claims, &c.; that he has not given,. ld, or intrusted any part of his property, rights, or claims, to any person, whereby to, defraud his creditors, or any of them, or to receive or expect any profit, benefit or advantage
thereby. " Sect. 14. ' The petitioner shall thereupon execute an assignment
of ll his estate, property, and effects whatever,' to such trustees as may be nominated by his creditors, or appointed by the court.
"Sect. 15, When such assignment shall have been executed, the court shall make an order of discharge; and then follows the thirtyfourth section, enacting that, cThe-trustees appointed as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be invested with all the estate and property of the .insolvent, at the time of filing :his petition, subject to existing liens, and the trustees shall take possession of such property and estate, and may sue therefor in their own names, as well as for debts and things in action, .to which there are these provisoes: 1st. That no purchase or assignment of real estate.in the county, made bona f&d for a valuable consideration, before the assignment, to any person not having actual riotice ot the petition, shall be impeached thereby. 2. Nor if situated out of the county, if so sold or assigned before the recording of the assignment in the other county. 3. Nor a sale of personal. property to any person, not having actual notice of the petition or assignment. 4. Nor if any person pays a debt, or delivers

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

667

Hanson et al. v. Bustace's Lessee.

property to the insolvent, without actual notice, shall he he liable to pay or. deliver the same to the trustees.
ccSect. 36. ' If any insolvent shall, prior to such assignment, have
conveyed any part of his property to his-wife and childreh, or either, or to any one in trust for them, or have conveyed to any other person with intent to defraud, creditors, the trustees shall have power to recover and dispose of the same, -s fully as if the insolvent had been seised or possessed thereof at the time of the assignment. . ...
"cFrom this summary -view of the law, it is evidenf that the legislature intended that an assignment should be made before a discharge; the sections subsequent to the fourteenth 're predicatea on the supposition that it had been made, and their most important provisions will become a dead letter, if.zione is made, especially the thirty-sixth. By referring to the preceding act of 1814, it appears that no assignment was requisite; but as the act of 1836"is an entirely new system, superseding the old, its requisitions cannot be overlooked.
ccThe fourteenth section is peremptory, that an assignment -shall be executed; and the fifteenth, in terms, makes the discharge dependent on its having been done; the making the estate vest before the assignment, or without one, is restoring the law of 1814, by entirely annulling the provision5 of the fourteenth and fifteen sections of the new act, and making it impossible to carry the thirty-sixth section into effect by any other construction- than substituting -petition for assignment. We are aware of no rule or principle -of law which justifies stich bonstructioii by the force of the thirty-fourtl section; it must be taken in connection with the other parts of the.law; so as to make the system consistent in all its parts, unless its words exclude all construction and reference, which in our opinion they do-not; on the contrary, they c6ntain a reference which makes the-m in perfect harmony with what precedes and follows. Thus, in the fifteenth section, cthe trustees appointed as aforesaid,' necessarily refers to the fourteenth section, by which they became trustees in virtue of the assignment; they are the persons to whom the court direct it to be made 3 its execution is the prerequisite to a discharge by the very words of the fifteenth section, and is the only mode in which the petitioner can complywith the oath prescribed in the thirteenth section.
" Had -the law used the term assigns, instead of trustees, there could have been no doubt they are the persons to whom the debtor swore he would deliver and transfer all his property, debts, rights, and claims, in the thirteenth section, to whom he was bound to execute

668

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

an assignment by the fourteenth, on which alone the court could discharge by the fifteenth, or give such effect to their order niade after the assignment, as aeclared in the sixteenth section. They are assignees to all intents and purposes; as such they became trustees; but however named, thqir character, powers, rights, and duties are the same, and were complete without the thirty-fourth section, to vest in them the estate of the petitioner at the time of the assignment; but the legislature thought proper to make provision for transfers and onyeyances of the estate and effects of the insolvent, between the filing the 'petition and the execution'of the asiignment, which was the object of the thirty-fouith section, and not to repeal any preceding provision, or'to dispense with the assignment.
"Hence its true construction is, that the assignment, when made, shall relate to the filing of the petition, so as to cut out all intermediate dispositions by the debtor, except in the cases provided for in the tbirty-fifth section, which are exceptions to the thirty-fourth, by way of a proviso, limiting its effect. Such construction gives effect to the thirty-sixth section, according to its words, which it cannot
have, if there has -beenno assignment, while it is in harmony with every preceding.provision, as well as in effectuating the intention of the legislature in requiring the execution of an assignment before discharge. We cannot think it the meaning of the law, that a debtor should be discharged who has made no assignment; that there should
be trustees who were not assignees, or that the oath of the petitioner need not be complied with, as to the act specially enjoined to be done as the basis of all subsequent action by the court or trustees.
"There is another important view which must be taken of this -law. In conferring power on the Court of Common Pleas to grant relief, the first section applies only to an application made in the 'manner thereafter directed ;' the second section directs that the jurisdiction of the courts 'may be'exercised as follows, and not otherwise;' this section is, consequently, a limitation on jurisdiction, so far as it applies. These words are broad enough to extend to all.the provi-
sions of the-law; it.is certainly no strained construction to hQld, that they apply to those acts which are positively directed to be done, before any subsequent action can be had pursuant to the law; and if such should be its ultimat construction, that.the requisites prescribed-are matters on which jurisdiction depends, the consequences may be very serious and. alarming. We do not mean to saythat such is the true inference to be drawn frdm the words of the law, or de-

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

669

Hanson et al. v. Eustacep Lessee.

sire to be the first to give them a judicial exposition; our duy is fo
await the course of the courts of the state, and to follow it, unless the exigency of a.case requires us to take the lead,, We can decide all questions which have arisen uader this law, without inquiring into th~ejurisdiction of the Court of Common Pleas, on the cases of. the parties in this case; we can, with perfect consistency, hold thatthe estate .of the insolvent does not pass to the trusteed, without'an assignment, so as to cut out the lien of.a judgment rendered after the discharge, but before an assignment executed; and at the sqme time' hold the judgment, .or order of discharge, to be perfectly valid for all the purposes declared by the law. So we take this law as appli-
cable td this case; the 6mission to make the assignment. bef6re" the' discharge does not impair its effect" inprotecting the debtor, but it
leaves the parties free to assert their respective rights-the plaintiff as a creditor by originH right or.by assignment, and Mr. Hanson as a purchaser, notwithstanding the provisions -ofthe thirty-fourth section. Other considerations tend to the same conclusion. The words of the thirty-fourth section are, call the estate and property of the insolvent,. at the time of filing his petition,' which' cannot'apply to the property in question, because the assignment made in June preceding divested the assignors of tie whole estate and property, whether it was valid or void, as against creditors. If it was valid, all the right of the assignors passed to the assignees; if if was void as to the creditors, it was good between the parties, and all others, excepi- the creditors who were intended to be defrauded, or whom it might tend to defraud. As to them and them alone, the assignors are held to be vested in trust, without any other right, or for any other, purpose. than: making the property subject to debts. So that in any event there was no interest or right which the" assignor could pass to the trustees 'for all the creditors, either by operation of law under thie thirty-fourth section, or by an assignment under the fourteenth.
" The thirty-fourth section pro'vides only for the case'of an insolvent having property at the time of his petition, which he had not before conveyed; it is wholly silent as to the case of his having conveyed or assigned to his wife, children, or in trust for them, or to any other person, with intent to defraud creditors; such case is provided forby.the thirty-sixthsection, when theinsolvent has made-an dssignment to trustees previous tohis discharge. By making this distinct, substantive provision, the law clearly excludes such conveyance and transfer from theoperation of the thirty-fourth section; thereby mkldnga cleardistiaction

670

· SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eus'tace's Lessee.

between the property which had never been transferred before the discharge, and .property had been so transferred contrary to law. *Whether, then, we look to the provisions of the insolvent law in connection, or the Words of the. 34th sectioi alone, we are fully
satisfied that an assignment by the insolvent at some time previousto the discharge, is necessary to vest his estate in the trustees, so as to prevent'a subsequent.judgment from becoming a lien. This section,-then, does not affect the plaintiff's case, as contended by the defendants; the judgment may attach, notwithstanding the dischargei if we- assume, as we do at present, that no assignment was made before-the 29th September, 1838, after the plaintiff liad made a levy; an assignment was then made, and *thisbrings up the construction of .the 36th section, which provides that when a conveyance is made prior to, such assignment to defraud creditors, the trustees shall have
power to recover the estate so conveyed. It follows, that if they do recover it, it must be distributed among all the creditors in the same inanner as if the insolvent had been seised or possessed of it, at the time of such assignment. So construed, this section would take the property in controversy from Mr. 11anson, as a purchaser under the assignment of June, 1837, however fair his purchase may-have been; it is very analogous to the enacting clause of the 13th Eliz., without the aid of the 6th section of that statute; there is no proviso to except a .purchaser for valuable consideration without notice of the fraud between the assignors and assignees. There is, indeed, no declaration in terms, that the fraudulent conveyance shall be void, but it is done in effect by declaring that the trustees may recover and dispose of what has been so conveyed, ' as fully and effectually' as
if. the insolvent had actually been seised at the time of the assignment, which to all intents and purposes annuls the fraudulent conveyance, and takes the estate from the purchaser under it, as would the 13th Eliz., but for the exception in the 6th section.
" Literally construed, it would also destroy'the lien of plaintiff's judgment, and any right founded on it, other than this rateable proportion of the general effects of the insolvent; giving it this effect, the 36th section would supersede the 13th Eliz., the common law on which it is founded, and deprive the creditor, who was attempted to be defrauded, of rights which have been unquestioned for two hundred
and seventy years. It has never been doubted, that a creditor who takes ineasures for avoiding a fraudulent conveyance of real or per-
sonal property, by levying on and buying it under his judgment, or

JANUA:RY. TERM, "1844.

671

Hanson et zI.v. Rustace's Lessee.

a stranger who is suqh purchaser, shall hold aid .enjoy the property for.his'own use-; and we cannot believe it was intended by the act of 1836 to upro6t the whole system of jurisprudence which has grown out of the 13th Eliz., or that it is the fair construction of the provisions of.the 36th section. _In our opinion, they apply to a case where no creditor having previously acquired a lien or right to property fraudulently conveyed, the trustees proceed to invalidate the. conveyance; and that it does not apply where the property is in the hands"of a bona fide. purchaser for valuable consideration, without notice of the fraud before the- assignment made by the- insolvent. We will not be the first to to construe a state law, which will .produce the most mischievous efef'ts on a long settled system of juris-
prudence. "cWe have been asked to consider the assignment as having been
made before the discharge, but the insolvent record shows the contrary-it shows the form drawn up, unsigned, and without date, the actual execution by the order of the court.on the 29th of September, 1838, as of that date, together with the refusal of the court to give it a retrospective effect to the time of the discharge or petition. This
was the proper course to pursde, leaving it to-be thereafter decided what was the legal effect of the proceeding, when it should be brought in question.
"cThere are cases where a court may order that an act be donepredently, and to take effect as if done before, but the cases are few; the power is a delicate one, which ought to be used -with extreme caution, so as to do no injustice to third persons, or in any way prejudice their rights; when it is intended to be exercised, it should be done in clear terms, and an entry thereof made of record-it is even then viewed with much jealousy, and is never favoured-vide 2 Peters, 521, &c. In this case it may well be doubted whether the Court of Common Pleas could give to an assignment actually made in S.eptember, 1838, the effect of taking away the lien of a judgment rendered in January preceding, and whifch-the judgment creditor had followed up by a levy, while the assignment remained unexecuted; that'court very properly refused to make -such order, and this court will not consider that as having been done, which was not intended, and ought not to have been done. 2 Peters, 522,.523."
And thereupon the said defendants further excepted to the following matters or propositions of law contained in the said charge, to the
jury, to wit:'

672

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustice's Lessee.

" Having disposed of these objections, we now proceed to another, which was much pressed -during the trial-that the plaintiff had not shown a legal title to the property incontroversy, so as to enable him to recover in this action. As this objection presents questions of fact, as well as of law, we must refer to the evidence of title, which has been exhibited by the plaintiff, as flirect proof of its being in hiin in virtue of the sheriff's sale, together with the principles of law
by which the evidence must be applied. .A legal title is the right to real estate, derived from the original
owner of the soil, and passed to the party claiming it by deed, will, descent, or legal process operating as a deed by force of a law.
"An equitable title is-one acquired without a regular deed or formal conveyance of aiy description, which a court of law considers as'a transfer of the estate of one to another; but a title so acquired, as in equity, justice, and good conscience to vest the beneficial interest-the real and substantial ownership of the property-in the person claiming it. In such a case, a.court of equity, whose appropriate and peculiar jurisdiction is to act upon the conscience of 'the person who holds the. formal or legal title to the property, compels him to convey it to the person'to whom he is bound in good conscience to make a complete title, thus uniting form to substance.
c As when B sells to A, for a price which is paid byA, who takes possession and makes valuable improvements, but B holds the title, and refuses or neglects to make a deed, A is the real owner inequity, but B is the owner in law, and the contract of purchase is by the most solemn articles of aireement under seal, with covenants to make a deed on payment of the purchase-money. B may turn A out of possession by ejectment in a court of law, because such courts cannot recognise merely equitable titles. But a court of equity would prevent B from following up his legal right, and order him to convey it; such is the course and settled rule of this court, though in the courts of this state, A might successfully-defend himself in an 6jectment. State c6urts act in the same case, and at the same time, as a court both of law and equity, which we cannot do, as the courts of
the United States are, by the Constitution and laws, organized on common law principles; and though we have full common law and equity jurisdiction, we must exercise itin distinct capacities, as judges
or chancellors, as the nature of the case may require. ",There are, however, cases where a court of law will not inquire
whether the title of a plaintiff is legal or equitable; a tenant Will not

JANUARY TERM,"1844.

673

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's 'Lessee.

be allowed to dispute the title of his landlord while he holds under

him; a defendant in a judgment cannot contest the title of one who

holds a sheriff's deed under a sale on the judgment,.nor any person

who holds possession under them, by privity arising after the judg-

ment; in all such cases the plaintiff will recover possession, so that

this objection cannot be made by Mr. Joseph L. Moss or Isaac

Phillips.

"So where both parties claim under the same .title, -neither is

bound to trace theirs beyond the common source, or to show any

other right than what.-appears there; the court will not inquire

whether such title is legal or equitable. The right of possession de-

pends on the question-in which party. the title is invested. Thus,

in the present case, both parties claim the right of possession to the

Chestnut street lot, under George Thompson's deed to Isaac Phillips.

It is, therefbre, not necessary for the plaintiff to show the naturof

the title of Thompson, or to trace it through the title-deeds to the first

owner; the only contest between the parties being-to whom the

rght conveyed to Phillips has passed-and neither can 6all on the

oier fbr the exhibition of any other title than that under whicA both

assert the right of possession. As to the house in Sixth street, the

case may be different,' if the assignees have any claim to it, by any

other than the title of J.: L. Moss and Isaac Phillips, or Mr. Hanson

is clothed with the.character he assumes, or claims by a title adverse

or independent. He. has assumed the position of a bona fide pur-

chaser, for a valuable consideration, without such notice as the law

requires; if this position is well taken, Mr. Joseph M. Moss and

Daivid Samuel can have no interest in either piece of property, or. be

actors in the suit in opposition to the plaintiff. in any other than a

derivative right, .as before stated..

" Claiming under the assignment of June, 1837, under the Orphans'

Court sale, or under Mr. Hanson as a.purchaser from them, their pos-

session, if they had any, on the service of the writ, must be rightful

or wrongful, as the case may be in evidence; it is, however, clear,

that in their own right, bFthe assignment, they cannot controvert the

title of Isaac Phillips and Joseph'L. Moss, or call on the plaihtiff'to

produce any other. Whether they do claim under the Orphans" Court

sale, how or what they do or can claim by it, will be considered

heieafter; any claim they can have under Mr. Hanson depends on

the nature of his title, and how he has a right to claim, and does

claim the property.

VOL. II.-85

3 L

674

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

-If he is clothed with the character he assumes, that of a purchaser of the title of Robert Phillips, in virtue of the Orphans' Court proceedings, the deed of Isaac Phillips to the assignees, and theirs to him, by a right adverse to the title of the assignees, as conveyed by the assignment, Mr. Hanson may rely on it in opposition to the equitable right of the assignors, as a distinct, independent right, passing to him in virtue of the judicial proceedings, and not in virtue of the assignment. But if he does not stand as the purchaser of an aderse title, but claims under the assignment, through the deed of the assignees founded upon it, hd cannot contest the title of,the assignors, even if he assumes another position as a purchaser, which is this: a purchaser from the assignees, bona fide, for a valuable consideration, without any notice of Lny fraud in the assignment. Conceding for the present, that in this position he might hold the property, though the assignment was fraudulent, he neither need, or could contest the title under which he claimed; for such as it was, his purchase would protect him from all the consequences of fraud between the assignors and assignees, unless it was affected by the plaintiff's judgment and proceedings upon it.
" The only position, therefore, in which Mr. Hanson can set up a title adverse to that of J. L. Moss and Isaac Philips, or call on the plaintiff for any other, is as a purchaser under the Orphans' Court sale; considering him at present as so standing the present question for -consideration is, whether the legal title of the Sixth street lot was in the heirs of Robert Philips, or in Joseph L. Moss and Isaac Phillips, as the firm of R. and I. Phillips, at the time of the judgment in January, 1838.
"cThe plaintiff may show a legal title, without producing a deed
from Robert Phillips to R. and I. Phillips; being a purchaser at sheriff's sale, he is not supposed to have the title-papers, or bound to produce, or to account for them; it is sufficient if he can prove that a deed once existed, or if he can prove such facts as will authorize a jury to presume that one had been made, if notice was given to those in.whose possession it is presumed to have been, to produce it at the trial."
And thereupon the defendants further excepted to the following matters or propositions of law contained in the said charge to the jury, to wit:
"In an ordinary case, the jury must decide from the evidence before them, what facts have been proved; but in this case there is

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

675

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

one feature which is rather unusual, and to which it is necessary to call your special attention, as a matter which has an important bearing on some of its prominent points. Timely notice was given by the plaintiff's counsel to the counsel of the assignors and assignees, to produce at the trial the books of R. and I. Phillips;' no objection was made to the coi.petency of the notice-they were called for, but were not produced till the day after the evidence was closed, and at-the moment when the court had called on the plaintiff's counsel to address the jury. No reason was assigned for their nori-production, save the reference to the illness of-Mr. Moss; but Mr. -Phillipswas in court; notice was given to Mr. Hanson, though none was necessary, as the books could not be presumed to be in his possession. That they could have been produced before the evidence on both sides was closed, can scarcely be doubted, when so many were produced afterwards. Their production, then, was no compliance with
the notice; the plaihtiff could not, without leave of the court, have referred to them; he was not bound to ask it, and had a right to proceed, as if they -had'not been produced.
"cMr. Hanson had a right to call for the books; claiming by an adverse title, he. might have moved the court for an order to produce them, but he made no effort to procure them; we say so, because there was no evidenqe that he did in any way endeavour to have them produced, although the court, in .their opinion on the motion for a nonsuit, plainly intimated th'e effect of their non-production.
"cThere has, therefore, been no satisfactory oi reasonable groufid assigned for their having been-kept back, and the plaiitiff has a fair case for calling oil you to presume, whatever the law will authorize' you to presume as.to the contents of the-books.. On thissubject thefifteenth section' of the Judiciary act has made this provision: . That all the said courts of -the United States shall have power, in the trial of actions, at law, onmotiont and due notice thereof being given, to require' the parties to produce books oi writings in their possession or power, which contain evidence pertinent to the issue, in cases, *and under circumstances where they might be compelled to produce the same by the ordinary rules of proceeding in chancery; and if a plaintiff shall fail to comply with such -order-to produce books or writings, it shall be.lawful for the courts, respectively, on motion, to give.the like judgment. for the defendant, as in cases of nonsuit; and if a defendant shall fail to comply with such order to produce books or writings, it shall be lawful for the courts, respectively, -on

676

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

motion as aforesaid, to give judgment against him or her by default.' This enables courts of law to apply the same rules and principles, where papers or books are withheld, as have been adopted by courts of eqvity, which are these, in our opinion, as long since expressed in Askew- v. Odenheimer, 1 Baldwin's Rep. 388, 389."
And thereupon the said defendants further excepted to the following matters or propositions of law contained in the said charge to the *jury, to wit:
" It must not, then, be supposed that the only effect of the suppression or keeping back books and papers, is to admit secondary evidence of their contents, or that the jury are confined, in presuming their contents, to what is proved to have been contained in them ; a jury may presume as largely as a chancellor may do, when he acts on his conscience, as a jury does, and ought to do, and on the same principles.
"Mr. Bridges states that he believes there is an entry on the-books; of the transfer from Herring to Robert and Isaac Phillips, but don't know how the transfer was made. It is in proof, by the clerks of Robert nd Isaac Phillips, that an account was open on their books with the Sixth street lot; that the money of the firm was applied to the payment of the consideration money to Herring; one of the persons who erected the new building says he was paid by the notes and checks of the firm; a tenant proves that Joseph L. Moss rented it in the name of the firm, who-furnished it to the amount of $1000, and the tax collectors prove the payment of taxes by the firm. In opposition to ihis evidence, the defendants offer, nothing; the books of the firm are suppressed, -when they could and ought to have been produiced; and the sole reliance in support of the title of Robert Phillips, is the deed-from -Herring. If you believe the witnesses,' Robert Philli s never was the sole and real owner of tis property on the first purchase; and if you think the facts stated are true, you may and ought to presnne, that if the books had been produced, they would have shown that the payment of the whole purchase money, and the whole expense of the improvements made 'on the lot, were paid by the firm; that it formed an ifem of their joint estate, and was so cons; dered by the partners. You may, als6, and ought to presume, that the production of the books would have been favourable to'the plaintiffs, and unfavourable to the defendants, in any other aspect as bearing on the ownership of this property. On such evidence we would, as a cburt of equity, hold that there was such a clear equitable

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

677

Hanson et al. v. Eus tace's Lessee.

title in the firm, that Robert Phillips, or his. heirs, were bound; on every principle ofjustice, conscience, and equity, to make a conveyanxce, so as to make that title a legal one. And when it appears that the members of the new firni had conveyed. it in trust for creditors, AS their joint property, that the grantees had accepted the' conveyance, and sold the property under the assignment; that the purchaser fromthem had accepted a deed reciting theirs, and no other title, we canrhot hesitate, as judges in a court of law, in instructing you that you may presume that such-a conveyance from Robert Phillips, or his heirs, has -been made, as they were bound in equity and good conscience to make.
( Legal presumptions do not depend on any defined state of things; time is always-an important, and sometimes a necessary ingredient in the chain of'circumstances-on which the presumption of a conveyance is made; it is more or less important, according to the weight of the other circumstances in evidence in the case. Taking, then, all in connection, and in the total absence of all proof'of any adverse claim by Robert Phillips, or his heirs, from 1832, .every circumstance is in favour of the presumption of a conveyance; and we can per, ceive little, if any weight in the only circumstance set up to rebut it, which is the proceedings in the. Orphans' Court. ,You will give them what consequence you may think they may'deserve, when, you look to the time and the circumstances under which they were commenced, carried on, and completed by a sale for $22,500, which counsel admit was not paid, and also admit that the sole object was to extinguish the mere spark of legal right remaining in Robert Phillips, or his- heirs, and not because 'he or they had any beneficial. interest in the property. If there was lawful ground for presuming the existence of a conveyance -fromhim, or them; before November, 1837, we should, think that any thing accruing rwards was entitled to no weight in rebutting such presumption: and werd we in the jury box, we would think it operated the other -way. It was for -the interest of the assignees and assenting creditois to considir the conveyance as not made; for if it had been made previously, a non-assenting creditor to the assignment might take it under a judgment, as was done by the plaintiff, and theteby hold it, if the assignment did not pass the title; whereas, by taking. the deed as not made, the Orphans' Court sale would vest thetitle in the assignors, and leave no legal right on which a judgment against Joseph L. Moss and'Isaac Phillips could attach. As, however, -this is .a matter entirely for
3 L

678

SUPREME COURT.

'Hanson et al, v. Eustace's Lessee.

your consideration, we leave it to your decision, with this principle of law for your guide: that on a question whether a conveyance shall be presumed or noty.the jury are to look less to the direct evidence of the fact than to.the reasons and policy of the law, in antihoizing them to infer that it was made if the party who was in possession' of the legal title, Was bound in equity to convey to the real, true, equitable owner. This legal presumption is not founded on the belief alone that the facf existed, but much more on those principles which'enforce justice and honesty between man and man, and tend to the security of possessions'which have remained -uninterested and undisturbed. Should your opinion be in conformity with ours on this point, you will presume that there was a deed from Robert Phillips, or his heirs, competent to yest the title to the Sixth sttet lot in the firm of Robert and Isaac Phillips-that it so remained at the time of the assignment, and that it was by such conveyance as 'would enable them to enjoy the property against Robert Phillips and his heirs."
And thereupon the said defendants further eicepted to the following' matters or propositions oflaw contained in the said charge to the jury, to wit:
" Should you 'think otherwise, you will find accordingly'; but even then your finding would fiot affect the merits of the case, because Ir. Hanson, or those under him,'cannot make the objection of-the want of a legal -title,kunless he stands firm in the position he assumes-that of a bonafide purchaser for valuable consideration, without notice, such-as the'law requires.
"cThere are two classes of purchasers of this description. cc First. Those who are 1hus referred to, and the requisites to clothe themselves with such character prescribed by the Supreme Court of the United States, in Boom v. Chiles,' in 10 Peters, 210 to 212: r It is a general principle in courts of equity, that when both parties claim by an equitable title, the one who is prior in time is deemed the better in right; 7 Cranch,' 18; 18 T. R. 532-; 7 Wheat. .46 ;. and that where the equities are%equal in point of merit, the law prevails.' This leads to the reason for protecting an innocent purchaser, holding the legal title, against one who has the prior equity; a court of equity gan act onlyon thi conscience'.of aparty; if he has done nothing -that taints it, no demand can 'attach upon it, so as to give anyjurisdiction. Sugden on-Vend. 722. Strong as a plaintiff's equity may be, it can: in no case be stronger than that of a purchaser

JANUARY TERM, 1644.

679.

Hanson et a]. v. Eustace's Lessee.

who has put himself in. peril by--urchasing a title, and- payinj a valuable consideration, without notice of any defect in it, or adverse claim to it; and when-'n addition- he shows a legal title from one seised and possessed of the property purchased, he has a right to dema'nd protection and relief, 9 Ves. -30-34, which a court of equity imparts liberally. 'uch suitors are its-most especial fayourites. It will not inquire how he may have obtaineda -statute, mortgage, encumnbrance or even a satisfied legal term, by'which he can defend himself at law, if outstanding; equity will not aid his adversary in taking from him the tabula in naufragio, if acquired before a decree.
c But this will not be done on mere averment or allegation.; 'the protection of such bona fide purchase is fiecessary only when the plaintiff has a prior equity, which can be barred or avoided only by the union of the legal itle with'an equity,'arising from the payment of the money, and receiving the conveyaice without nbtice, and a clear conscience.
cc Second. Those who claim the character of purchasers under the 6th section of the 13th Eliz., the requisites of which are thus defined by the law: 'That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not "xtend t6 1ny estate or interest in lands, tenements, hereditaments, leases, rents, commons, profits, goods, or chattels, had, made, conveyed, or assumed, or hereafter to be had, made, conveyed, or assumed, which estate or interest is or shall be upon good consideration and bona fie lawfully conveyed or assuned to any person or persons, or bodies politic 'or corporate, not having at the time of such conveyance or' assurance to them Lade, any manner of notice or knovledge of such covin, fraud, 6r collusion as is aforesaid; any

thing before mentioned to the contiary hereof notwithstanding.' " Our first inquiry must be, whether Mr. Hanson comes witlhi the
first class ofsuh purchasers, by any evidence he has adduced. ,,He claims the Chestnut street lot under the title of Isaac Phillips,
by"the deedof the assignees, as the estate of Isaac Phillips, without any claim by any 6utstanding legal title. As to this property, then, he does not come within the first 'lass; he relies exclusively on the deed of Thompson t6 Isaac Phillips, the assignment, and the deed' of the assignees. He claims the Sixth street lot under Robert Phillips, and not Isaa.phillips, and adduces, as evidence thereof, the following chain of title:
" The- deed from Herrifig; the 'Orphans' Court proceedings; 'the sale under them; the deed from Isaac Phillips, the administrator, to

SUPREME COURT,
Hanson et al. v. Eustace's.Lessee.
Joseph M. Moss and David Samuel, on the 30th January, 1838, and the deed of 10th May, 1839, (made by them pursuant to the public sale to Mr. Hanson, on the 30th April, preceding,) recorded on the 23d May. :1839, and there rests his case as to the adverse title of the Sixth street lot, as one distinct from the Chestnut street property. On inspecting the deed.for the Sixth street lot, there is found no reference t thletitle of Robert Philips, or the Orphans' Court sale; the whole *recitalof the title is the assignment of June, 1837, and there is noother covenant in the deed than against the acts of the grantors, who pxecute the deed as-assignees; and not as purchasers from Isaac Pmps, of the title of A. Phillips, in virtue of the Orphans' Court proceedings.
"cNo evidence. is offered of any agreement, or even intention to sell, or purchase, any other than the title which passed by the assignment;r .so that 'there is no obligation, legal, equitable, or moral, on the -assignees, to make any conveyance of the right of Robert Phillips, unless Mr. Hanson can affect them with some fraud, or show some accident or mistake under which he accepted Jhe conveyance. The fori of this deed, is in substance the same as the deed for the Chesnut'street lot; the recital of the assignment the same, and both made'in the capacity of assignees. There -seems 'no one feature of difference between the .two purchases, which can make one refer to the title of Robert, and the other to Isaac Phllips; and if you believe the evidence of Mr. Blackstone, there is one fact in evidence which goes strongly to prove that he neither purchased,- or intended to purchase any other title than what his deed purported -to convey. Mr.-B. says, that after the ejectment was served- on him, he had a conversation with Mr. Hanson, and expressed some doubt about paying the rent; to which Mr. Hanson replied that the property was his, he had purchased it at auction, under the best legal advice. If this-was so. and he had purchasedtheitle of Robert, and not Isaac Phillips, or that of the firm, itis scatcely credible that he would not have been advised to at least-take a deed with a reference to, and recital of that title, and that- he would ilot have -done so; on the contrary, he took'a deed in the fo.p it appears, and claimed exclusively under it. By iefetence to the auction sale, it appears that there was no notice of the title of Robert Phillips,' but the title - under the assignment was stated to be good, and the sale made under.4t. -In the absence of-all explanatdryievidencer'the egal construction of the deed-is, that it conveyed, and purported to. convey no other.than the

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

681

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

title of the assignorspand that no, legal presumption can be made that any other right passed, especially when it does not appear that Mr. Hanson had, at any time before this trial, claimed under the Orphans' Court sale, or ,the title of Robert Phillips. On this ground alone, Mr.-Hanson has failed to bring himself within the principles established by the Supreme Court, as necessary to constitute a purchaser of the first class: and there are other circumstances in the case equally conclusive to exiclude him. - Vide 10 Peters, 211, 212.
"We are next to consider his character as a' purchaser at the assignees' auction sale of the title, which is claimed to have passed
by the assignment. " The evidence of his filling this character is his bid at the auction,
his acceptance as a purchaser, and the deed from the assignees, its record, his liossession of the property, and claim of title by the pur-
chaser; but no evidence is 9fferied of the actual payment of any money, independently of the recital of the deed and the receipt at the foot of it, which is for the whole consideration, -whiletle counsel of Mr. Hanson distinctly admit before you, that only one-third has been paid. There is, therefore, no pretence set up jhat any'more was actually paid, or that the recital of the deed, or the admission in the receipt is correct; but we do not think proper'to put this part of the case on the admission of counsel, as they might fairly contend that the admission should be received as made, whereby the payment of one-third would be taken as part of the -admission, or the whole be disregarded. It is better and saferito take the case as the law considers it, independently of any admission, and according to wellestablished principles, as applicable to a purchase set up under the circumstances in evidence, of an estate in -lands, conveyed 'upon good consideration, bonafide lawfully conveyed, to a person not having at the time of such conveyance any manner of notice or knowledge of such covin, fraud, or collusion' as is recited in the law. You will observe, that -by the preamble and enacting clause of the English statute,. all conveyances, bonds, judgments, &c., made with intent to hinder, -delay, or defrad creditors, are declared actually
void, although the person who accepts of them'is no participator in the fraud; it is a sweeping, general denunciation of such acts as "unlawful, having no effect as against the person designed to be defrauded 2but -good-between the parties and -all others; the consequence whereof is,'as we have heretofore held, that the fraudulent .grantor remains the legal owner of the property, not because. his deed
VOL. ]1.--86

682

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

is not binding on him, or his heirs; but the law has put it out of his power to divest himself of property, by a deed designed to defraud creditors; he therefore holds the legal title in trust for his creditors, and for the-purpose of applying it to the paymefit of his debts, is as
flly the legal .owner after the conveyance gs before, though as to all Qthers-the estate is in the fraudulent grantee. 1 -Baldwin, 356.
cc Such is the effect of the enacting part of the statute, which would
not prdtect the fairest of purchasers for the want of any words limit-. ing or qualifying its imperative terms, and precludes any construction
or exception,; but the sixth section operates as, an exception in the case provided for, which is a conveyance, &c., designed by the grantor to defraud creditors, but in which the .grantee has in no way participated, or had any notice or knowledge of any fraud before the confeyance-Magniac v. Thompson, 7 Peters,.389, &c. Mr. Hanson claims to be a, purchaser of this description from the assignors under the assignment, and in virtue of the proviso in the law, claims to be protected; although-the assignment wis~frauduefit between the panies, the question now to be considered is, whether, if the assignment be void, he can be in a better situation than thp assignors ; in deciding which, it must be assumed that-the assignment is void as to creditors, unless Mr. Hanson can hold what the assignors cannot. The true inquiry then is, not what was the character of the assignment, but his character-as a purchaser fromthe fraudulent grantee; for if the assignment is valid, then the plaintiff's judgment was no lien, and he can have no right. We must, therefore, see whether Mr. Hanson fills the character of a purchaser under the sixth section of the 13th Eliz., assuming the assignment to be fraudulent for the purpose of this inquiry, and this only.
,cThefirst question is, what he is bound to prova; the general answer is at hand, that claiming under an exception to the law, he must bring himself within it, or he comes under the enacting clause; and he must prove it .by 6ther evidence than what is repudiated in the law by clear, comprehensive words, as not sufficient to take a conveyance out of it; they are any pretence, colour, ieIgned consi-
deration, expressing of use, or any other matteror thing to the contrary notwithstanding.'
"No words can better or more clearly apply to the consideration, or uses-expressed in a conveyance, or- other-recital,-averments, or declarations, which are set forth as the reasons of m'aking it; .hence it is incumbent on the party to do more than to produce the deed

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

.683

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

containing them; for if the mere statement of the parties imposes on a creditor the necessity ofproving their falsity, he might not be enabled to do it, as the matters so recited are not within his knowledge. But if they exist, they must be known to the parties, to the deed, and can be easily proved; if the law was, otherwise,. it would be easy, as the Supreme Court of the United.States say, 4 Wheat. 507, for the grantor to make out such a case by his own recital, that cthere would no longer exist any difficulty in evading, the rights of creditors.' The Supreme Court of this state have also established it as a rule, that whoever sets up a plea of purchase for valuable consideration, must support it by other evidence than the conveyance, or the receipt -at the foot of it,, which is.only .the acknowledgient of the grantor. We cannot better state the law on this-subject, than in the words of that court,in Rogers v. Hall, 4 Watts, 362. - Though in the absence of proof to the- contrary, the presumption is in favour of the fairness of a transaction, yet flight and an absolute general assignment are in themselves circumstances demonstrative of fraud; and .though not conclusive, they undoubtedly impose on the assignee the iecessity of.elucidation. He is the most cognisant of the transaction, and best able to explain it; and why should the biisiness of explanation be laid on the creditors- placed by him in the dark, though- entitled to light? Tle question is on the existence.of a valuable consideration;
and it would be against a fundamental rule of evidence to burden them with the necessity of producing negative proof. The policy of handling these transactions with little attention to tenderness, is. obvious and uncompromising. They are. ulcers of frequent occurrence in practice, which require to be thoroughly probed, and, if necessary, laid open to the bone, and on him be the consequences who withholds the means of doing so.
" ' But the defendant claims to hold discharged of the fraud, if such there were, by having, as he alleges, purchased without notice of it. A decision of the question of notice is uncalled for by the circumstances, and we give none. There was neither proof of valuable consideration, nor the semblance of it;' and nbthing is clearer than that a plea of purchase for value must be sustained by other evidence than the conveyance. Even the receipt of the debtor is not proof against his creditor claiming paramount to the debtor's grantee, inasmuch as his fraudulent conveyance isn-o conveyance at all against the interest jntended to be defrauded. 'His receipt or other acknowledgment of payment, therefore, is the act of a grantor, done subse-

SUPREME COURT.
Hanson et a]. v. Eustace's Lessee.
Iquently to a title derived from him, which, consequently, may not be prejudiced by it. Now, the defendant produced nothing but the conveyance, with whatever collateral evidences of payment may have been imbodied in it, or appended to it; and they fell far short of proof of actual payment; for, giving a security for the purchase-money, which in practice is often the consideration for a receipt at the foot of the conveyance, is not enough to entitle him to the character of a purchaser for valuable consideration, and the court properly rejected the prayer for protection on that ground.' 4 Watts,. 362.
"A deed is evidence of a conveyance in fact, and when the payment of the consideration is proved, it primafaciaevidence of a purchase presumed to be fair till the contrary appears, unless there is something on the face of it to excite suspicion.
" This rule is founded on the same sorund reasons as the rule that an asserted purchaser must prove the payment of the consideration recited; for a party who alleges fraud, ought to be prepared to prove it, and it is as difficult for a party claiming under a deed, to prove affirmatively his bonafldes, or want of notice, as for a party claiming against it, to prove the non-payment of the money. Hence the law has been long and well settled, that on the production of a deed of conveyance, it shall be presumed to be as to fraud, &c., what it purports on its face to be, until some evidence is brought forward to impeach it in some particular which the law makes a requisite to its validity. How faf the evidence goes to prove the fact, which will invalidate the deed, is for a jury to decide, if the court shall be of opinion that it conduces to prove it. Whatever would satisfy a jury that the fact existed, if the law would authorize them to presume it from the evidence, or if the court on a demurrer to the evidence would render judgment for the party offering it, then the burden of proof is shifted on to the party offering the deed, and he must bring himself within the exception or proviso of the statute, in order to make out a case under it. The creditor need not offer evidence to disprove every requisite to make out a valid purchase; it suffices to throw the proof of every requisite on the alleged purchaser, if the creditor can satisfactorily establish the want of "one; in such case the general principle applies, that a party who claims under a proviso or exception to a law, must make out a case which brings himself within *it, or he comes within the enacting clause, standing in no better position than the fraudulent grantor against the rights of the creditors attempted to be defrauded. In cases of this description an important

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

685

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

inquiry is-had the purchaser such notice as affects his purchase mnla-

vourably? Purchasing under the assignment, the law presumes he had

notice of it-its contents, whatever it referred to, and ' of such other

facts as those already known necessarily put him on inquiry for, and

as such inquiry, pursued with ordinary diligehce and prudence, would

bring to his knowledge. -Butof other facts, extrinsic of the title, and

collateral to it, no constructive notice will be-presumed, but it must

be proved.' 2 Mason, 536. Besides, if there is dny thing on. the

face of the deed of assignment, to which the law imputes fraud, or

from which a jury can infer it, theipurchaser has, bflegal intendment,

constructive notice of it, so as to impair his purchase; so as to any mat-.

ter in the deed from. assignees to him, the same consequences follow.

" If a iurchaser has notice of a 'act, he is presumed to have notice,

of the consequences. 1 Gall: 42. It is in fill proof that the follow-

ing notice7 was publicly read from the rostrurii at the sale by.the.

assignees on the 30th of April, when Mr. Hanson became, the pur-

chaser , by a note in writing signed at the -time.

"ccBidders wil1 take notice;' that, the propefty on th6 north side of

Chestnut street, 42 feet west of Schuylkill Seventh street, bding 66

feet front by 158 feet deep, and also that on the west'side of Delaware

Sixth.street, between Market and Chestnut streets, f6rmerly known as

Rubicam Hotel, have been levied upon as the property of the. late

firm of R. and I. Phillips, and-are-actually Adiertised for sale by the

sherifl and that the right of'he assignees~of R..aidl. Phillipsto convey

any title to -either of said properties, is disputed and denied.

'April 29, 1839.

.CnmsTOPnm FALLO'.

"The Chestnut street lot was advertised, and sold as ' clear of all encumbrance,' ' tite' indisputable '--the house and 16t on Sixth street as ' clear of all encumbranc ;' yet,' if you believe the~witnesses, here was'actual notice that the title of the assignees v.'as disputed-that there was an order for the sale bf the properiy under a levy, and that it was ten advertised for sale 'by the 'sheriff. It was,, therefr;e,
notice of an encumbrance by.some ht of record which would author-' ize the sale-it 'referred to the advertisement which pointed to The nature of the encumbrance, and was in law sufficient to put'Mr. Hanson on inquiry at least. And if he bad pqrsued it with due diligence and prudence, he must have found the judgment and other proceedings of record-as they appear on the transcript read, which, connectid with the notice, would -show an adverse claim, and by a creditor of the assignors rosecuted with great diligence by the plain-
3M

686

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

tiffs, contested by the assignors and assignees, and then approaching a consummation by effective process.
"It is said, that this notice was not such-as the law requires, to taint Mr. Hanson's purchase, because it did not specify the particular grounds on which the right of the assignors to convey was contested, by stating, that the assignment was void by reason 6f fraud; and therefore, the law holds that he is deemed to have had I no manner of notice or knowledge of the frafid, covin, or collusion,' between the parties to the assignment, this, notice not being sufficient to put him on inquiry. Yet if the law were so, it seems that this or some other notice did put him on inquiry, if he consulted counsel and purchased under their advice.
"This objection has assumed a strange aspect by the remarks of counsel, that if the written notice had 'contained an allegation of fraud in the parties to the assignment; a suit or prosecution for a libel would have been the consequence ; while it is contended, that the want of such charge makes thenotice inoperative, as if the law compelled a creditor-to commit a civil injury, or a public offence, in order to put a person on inquiry about the title he .was about to purchase. On the other hand, if Mr. Hanson' had' not examined the subject fully, and satisfied himself that there was no fraud, how did it happen that when the terms of the sale were to convey a ' title clear of all encum'brance, on any of the property, and an ' intlisputable title I to the Chestnut street lot, with actual notice of an encumbrance and dispute of the titl'--that be accepted of a deed with only a covenant against encumbranbes by the grantors, or suffered by them, taking no security against a judgment against the assignors. If he consulted counsel on the kind of title he should take, the form of the deed, and the, covenants to be inserted, and was advised to accept a deed without any covenant against the"very encumbrane referred to in the notice, and to pay his money, to the amount of $36,000, on the transfer of the right of the assignees without hetter warranty, the client must have stated a strange case to his counsel, if he was advised that he filled the character of a bona fide purchaser for a ' valuable consideration, without any marner of notice or knowledge, &c.' Mr. Hanson was not bound to accept a conveyance without coveiants of warranty to the extent of the terms of sale; he might repudiate the purchase on any other terms than those stated in the notice of sale by the auctioneer; and if, when he accepted such a deed as he- ow-pro-

JANUAR Y TERM, 1844.

687

Hahson et all v. Eustace's Lessee.

duces, he, shall be considered by you as filling the character he assumes, we think you must presume very largely and liberally in his favour, if you think he has acted with reasonable diligence and due prudence. Under all the circumstances of the case, our vieW of the evidence is very different; you will, however, decide on the facts for yourselves, bearing in mind, however, that thenotice was sufficient, in law, to put him on inquiry into the fraud set up, to set aside the assignment. 3 Penna. 66; 67?.
"There are other circumstances in tins case-which may affect the nature of Mr:- Hanson's .purchase, and his character as' a purchaser, after the acceptance of the deed of the i04of.May, which are worthy of your consideration.' The sheriff sale took place on the 20th of Mal, at which'Mr."Fall6, attended on behalf of the plaintiff, and Mr. Ingraham for the assignees. Mr. Fallon states,-that Mr. Ingra*ham gave verbal nStice that the -property about being sold belonged to the assignees, ad 'had -been,assigned to them before the judgment. Mr. Ingraham states, that, on behalf of the assignees, he gave notice, that the prbperty did not belong to the defendants in the judgment at the time it was rendered, and referred' to the assignment; but neither state, that, any notice was given, that the property slling had been conveyed by the assignees to Mr. Hanson; that he was present, or any one for him; it also appears, that the deed -to him was not 'pjUt on record till the 23d of May, 1839. .Under such dircumstances, Mr; Hanson rests his case as a purchaser on his .papee tite, without producing a witness to, prove the .payment of any money, or the delivery of the deed in fact; he does not produce any evidence that :it was recorded by him, or offer arty reason for the 'omission, but asks you to presume from his paper title, that he has made out all the requisites of a purchaser, such as is protected by the lau from the effects of any fraud which may attach to the assignment. 'If he has paid one-third of the.purchase-money, it cannot well be doubted that he can prove it affiriiatively, and so of the delivery of the deed; and its being put on record by him. But he adheres to his perilous position, and asks you to presume that he has done that, of'which he-has offered no other proof than the acknowledgment of the assignees in the deed, and their receipt at the foot; that the grantors delivere4 !he deeO, without calling the witnesses to its execution, and that it:was recorded by him as a purchaser.
"We will not.say that y6u cannot presume these things, and over-

688

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

look- those circumstances which would authorize you to make a con'trary presumption in the three particulars; but we feel bound to sa, that in your places we would not so presume.
"Should your opinion coincide with ours on the evidence and facts of the case, Mr. Hanson would not be considered to be the purchaser who is protected by the law, as to any of the requisites mentioned ; but the consequences are the same, if he fails in any one. To be so, he must be, in your opinion, not only a purchaser without any manner of notice or knowledge of any fraud in the assignment, such as the law requires to -be given to him ; he must also be a purchaser for a valuable consideration, actually paid, and the property must have been bona fide conveyed to him, pursuant to the purchase, so that the.purchase must be.in all respects an absolute one, such as it purports to be. 'If you 'are not satisfied that this is the character of his purchase, and his as a purchaser, then he is in no better situation than the assignees; if you think otherwise, you may find a verdict for the defendants; if so, we must request you to find it s.ubject to the opinion.of the court ofi the point reserved, which is, whether if he ii in fact a purchaser such as the sixth section of..:the law defines, he can hold the property against the plaintiff, if the assignment is fraudulent on its face. On that subject we do not think it Proper now to express any opinion; it is a pure question of law, which we havp not had time to examine fully during the trial, and it will better the exigency of the case'to reserve it."
And thereupon, the said defendants fhrturer excepted to the following matters or propositions of law contained in the said charge, to wit:
" e now coime to the inquiry, whether the assignment is valid. or void.
"It is alleged to .be fraudulent in fact, and in law. Fraud, in -fact, consists in the intention to prevent creditors front recovering tIeir just debts, by any act which withdraws the property of a debtor from their reach; both parties must concur in the illegal intention. 1 Bald. 356, 357; S. C. 7 Peters, 398, &c. But the least degree of concert or collusion between the parties to an illegal transaction, makes the act of one the act of all; 4 Watts, 361. Fraud in law consists in-acts which, though not fraudulently intended, yet as their tendency is to defraud creditors, if they vest the property of the debtor in his grantee, they are void for legal fraud, which is' deemed tantamount

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

Hanson et -al. v. Eistaee's Lessee.

to actual fraud, fall 4.vidence of fraud,. and fraudulent in themselves,

the policy of the law making the acts illegal. 1 Bald. 356, 553.

The alleged acts of fraud are numerous, .covering a large space of

time, but all are offered in evidence as bearing on the assignment;

they-are competent evidence to impeach it, if the plaintiff has satisfied

you that they tend to show the intention of the parties at te time of

maidng it. With this object, you may take into consideration.what-

ever preceded or followed it, if the circumstances show a connected

chain of facts leading to, or following the assignment, and they

can be in any way brought in to explain its nature and. character.

But proof of fraud in any transaction wholly unconnected with this,

or-not tending in any way to affect its fairness in fact or law, ought

not-be regarded.

"Fraud must be brought home to this transaction, but as to acts

-which led to it, which were pre.paratory, and with reference to it, as .well as those whic followed or grew'ouf of it, in order to effectuate

the intention of the parties, they. are as proper to be considered as

those .whichtook place at the time. The character of a deed, or

other act which affects creditors or purchasers, may be judged of by

the subsequent conduct of the parties, which throws back -light on

their conduct. 5 Peters, 280, &c. You will, therefore, carry these

principles into your consideration of the various"acts of alleged fraud,

which the plaintiff has set up to invalidate this assignment. The

evidence of fraud consists, 1st, in not assigning the Walnut street

house and lot, and, furniture. The house and lot was conveyed to

Joseph L. Moss, in 1834, for the consideration of $3000 paid,-and

a mortgage of $8000, which remained a lien on it; on the 20th

March, 1837, he conveyed it to David -Samuel, one of the assignees,

for $15,000, by deed recorded on the 21st; Samuel re-,conveyed to

'Moss on the 25th March, for the same consideration, by deed xecorded

on the 27th ; on the 24th. March, 1837, Joseph L. Moss gave a war-

rant of attorney to confess a judgment to John Moss for $24,600,

reciting,a bond for that amount which was -notproduced at the trial,

on which judgment *as entered of the 27th March. On the 27th

.May, 1837, Joseph L.Moss made a bill of sale of his household

furniture -to John Moss. for $3900, in consideration of the money due

off'the-judgment of $24,600.; but no credit-was given for the amount

of the furniture on the execution which issued upon that judgment.

Notice wah given to produce the bond, and prove'the consideration

VOL. I.--87

3M2

690

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

for which it was given, but neither was done; Joseph L. Moss continued in possession of the house and furniture, and John Moss paid one or more of the creditors of Joseph L. Moss and Isaac Phillips, who opposed their discharge under the insolvent act, but withdrew their opposition in consequence.
"In deciding on this transaction throughout, we must be understood as not intending, in any way, to intimate any opinion as to its effects on any controversy existing, or which may arise between Mr. John Moss and the plaintiff, or on any other creditor of R. and L Phillips, or either; we look upon it solely with a reference to withholding the house, lot, and furniture from the assignment, as a badge, evidence, or ground of inferring fraud in the assignment, in the first place. Next, to ascertain whether Joseph L. Moss has offered any evidence 'to rebut the proof or presumption of fraud attending the transaction; for it is one thing, whether a debt is really owing to John Ioss to the amount of the judgment, and a very different thing, whether Joseph L. Moss has given such evidence as he was bound to do, in order to repel the imputation of fraud in keeping this property back.
"IHb sets up the encumbrance upon it as a reason for not assigning it, and if there is in the evidence any .hing proving or conducing to prove fraud in so doing, any thing from which a jury may presume fraud, he must rebut it, or the imputation may be fastened upon his conduct.
"As to the furniture, there is evidence and a strong badge of fraud in retaining possession, even if the" sale was made to a purchaser, and the moneyproved to have been actually paid; the want of possession by the purchaser must be accounted, for-it is not enough to set up family considerations; they will not suffice, unless a sheriff's sale has intervened, or some other reasons given why possession did not accompany the bill of sale. This has -not only not. een done, ·bilt no proof has been offered that any consideration has been paid, except that the bill of sale recites the judgment as the consideration
which is set up by Joseph L. Moss as evidence that he owed the amount for which it was rendered. We will not say whether, as between John Moss and other persons, this judgment is evidence of the debt or not, without other proof, but as between Joseph L. Moss, and one'of his creditors, who alleges it to be fratidulent, it is only
his acknowledgment that he, owed the amount, which is no evidence

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

691

Hanson et al. v, Bustace's Lessee.

between him and the plaintiff, under the circumstances in this case. He has been called on to prove the consideration of this -judgment, which he may be presumed to have been: able to do, and has' not done it, but relies solely on the record of the judgment, and proceedings upon: it; as between the parties to this suit, this is not sufficient
to rebut the fraud of this transaction, if there was any, or if he sets up Mr. John Moss as a purchaser of the furniture in part payment of the judgrent, he must show it by something more than appears.
"As to- the house, there is much unaccounted for in the change of apparent ownership in so short a space of time, especially when Mr. Samuel is an lctor; he is an assignee in the assignments of March'ind June, in 1837; fraud is imputed.to him, as well as the assignorg; he and Joseph L. Moss can' explain 'these transfers, but do not do it; they too rest exclusively on the -papers which are in evidence, without calling a witness to explain what you will proba.bly agree in 'opinion with uis requires explanation. Their -deeds purport to befor the consideration of $150,000 each, with receipts at the foot for the pament in full, which must lbetketi as true, or false; if true; why then was this passing of property and money from one to another in five days, we are not. informed ; if false, the deeds are entitled to no credit till explaihed
"As to the Arch street house and lots, it appears that the- lots -were conveyed-to-Mrs. Phillips -in August, 1 884, for the consideration of $1200, and an annual- gTound-rent of $693, r-ecorded on the 23doof March, 1837, the day after the executi'on of the New York assignment. In September, 1834, Isaac Phillips made a contract for building a house on the Arch streef lots- which was finished in the. summer of 1835, at. an expense exceeding $22000, exclusive of furniture. In November, 1821, a.house and lot in Locust street was conveyed to Sarah Moss, after~ards" Mrs.' Phillips, who with her husband conveyed the same, on the 1st October,. 1834, -to Peter McCall, for $10,000. "In April, 1837, Isaac Phillips conveyed his life-estate in the Arch street house and lots to John Moss," for. $7102 12, being .the value of, his life-estate therein, s estimated at the annuity office, which -sum was recited and receipted 'for in the deed as paid. In June following, Isaac Phillips made a bill of sale of the furniture remaining in the Arch street house, in consideration of $65507 paid, and possession statei at the foot of the bill of sale to. have been delivered, to Which was attached a schedule of certain-

692

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

articles, valued at $860. This sale was to Joseph M. Moss, one of the assignees.
"The assignment of June, 1837, did not embrace the house and lots in Arch street, the furniture, .or any claim by Isaac phillips on the property as the separate estate of his wife. or for any debt due
by her on account of the money expended in building the house. Though the furniture was- not assigned, it was appraised as part of the assigned effects, and entered on the inventory" thereof.
"In reference to these transactions, the same remarks are applicable as to the Walnut street property; reliance is had solely on the papers produced, without any effort at explanation of what requires it; no proof is offered of the payment of any money on the bill of sale of the furniture, or of any delivery of 'posses~ion to the purchaser, other than the stdtement at the foot. Nor is this any evidence that any money was paid on the sale of the life-estate of Isaac Phillips in the house and lots, except his own acknowledgment in the deed; or any proof of what money was paid on the sale of the Locust street lot, other than the recital and receipts of Phillips and wife; and there was no attempt -to show the application of any part of it, to building, or in furnishing the house.
"1These circumstances, and the withholding from record the deeds to Mrs. Phillips till after the declared insolvency of the firm, and their assignment of the New York effects, leave the exlenditure of so large a sum on the -house, open to much ground for your consideration. It has been contended by defendants' counsel, that though these transactions may be open to suspicion, y~t that they can effect only the property in question, and that the apsignment is valid notwithstanding. This argument is good, so far as it respects the nondelivery of possession of the furniture; that may be considered as rather evidence or a badge of legal, than of actual fraud, not affecting the validity of the assignment, as a substantive cause for holding it v6id.. But if you are of opinion that these transactions indicate an intention in the parties, assignors and assignees, to make such a disposition of the property of the assigriors, as to place it beyond the reach of creditors, by any other nieans than fair and bona fide sales, transfers, and dispositions of it,.pr by encumbrances for debts justly due, and you can trace such intention in the conduct of the parties from March till June, and that the last assignment was the carrying such intention into effect, then it is void throughout. We do not

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

693

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

say that keeping back property from an assignment is aone evidence of fraud-our, opinion is founded on all the circumstances of the cas which are in evidence, of which one of great weight in our minds is the entire want of any attempt at.explanation of matters which throw the burden of proof on the defendants. It is a bold requisition on a jury to make presumptions of facts merely from papeis which contain only the declarations and recitals of theparty who makes them, where direct proofs of the facts can be made if the parties desired to make it. The law makes no such presumptions in favour of the party who produces deeds, or papers, if it does not appear that he offers the best evidence of the facts which it is in his power to produce; especially if he keep back better evidence which is presumed or appears'to be at his command; and a jury ought to be very cautious in making such presumptions, which may tend more-to encourage than check the.suppression of truth.
"The plaintiff has referred to the records of the Court of Common Pleas and the discharge of the assignees under the insolvent-act, as evidence of fraud, which is reflected back on the assignment; you will judge how far it is proved by extraneous evidence, taking what appears on the record- and papers attached to it as fully proved and operating according to its legal effect, But whatever may be your opinion of the matters so proved, or apparent on the record, you will refer them to the assignment; and though you may think there was fraud in the insolvent proceedings, -you will not attach it to the assignment, unless you have reason to believe that it shows a fraudulent intention in some way connected with it, growing out of, it, or tending to effectuate its object more completely.
"The composition with the opposing creditors was. an improper act, and taints the conduct of the parties who made it with suspicion, which may be thrown back on the assignment, if you think it was connected with, or formed a part of the original design.
"Much has been said about the proceedings-in the Orphans' Court, and were it necessary for the purposes of this case to decide all the questions which have been raised in. relation to them, we should have much difficulty in doing it; for there are terms and provisions introduced into the act of 1832, under which these proceedings were conducted, that are not to be found in preceding laws, and. are of rather an unusual character as respects the jurisdiction of that court, being similar to the provisions in the insolvent law of

694

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

1826, which we. have before noticed. If it was an act of Congress we should have less difficulty, but being alaw of a state, affecting many titles, we would give an opinion on its construction, only in case of its.being necessary to decide the merits of this case, which" we think it is not, as in our opinion it cannot avail the defendants in this case, admitting the power of the court to be undoubted, to do what it has done in relation to the Sixth street property.
" On inspecting the record of the Orphans' Court proceedings, it 'appears there, that in November, 1837, about a month after the discharge of Joseph 'L. Moss and Isaac Phillips, under the insolvent act, Isaac Phillips, as administrator of the estate of Robert Phillips, applied to the Orphans' Court. for authority to sell the Sixth street lot and house, for the- purpose of paying a'debt due tohimself, affiounting to more than $35,000, which, he stated in his petition, was the only debt due by Robert Phillips at his death. A sale was made in December, 1837; by the administrator, reported to and confirmed by the court; whereupon a deed was- executed to Joseph M. Moss and David Samuel, the purchasers, for the consideration therein expressed and receipted for as paid, of $22,500, dated 30th January, 1838; on the back of which -s a conveyance by them to Mr. Hanson, dated 10th May, 1839, for -$20,300, for which a receipt was given at the foot.
"1The record contains no evidence of the debt due -by Robert to Isaac Phillips, except the statement of the latter in his petition, verifled by his own affidavit. thereto annexed; yet Mr. Bridges and Mr. Welch, two of.the clerks- of the firm of R. and I, Phillips, state, that in the books of the firm there was an account open with each partner. The petition states the exact sum due on its date to be $35,000. A schedule attached to the insolvent petition of Isaac Phillips, states in detail the personal expenses of the members- of the firm for nineteen years, in exact sums, which-could not well. be done-Without a referenrce to books or accounts; yet they are all suppressed, and the whole proceedings of the Orphans' Court are based on the mere statement and affidavit of Isaac Phillips, of the existence of so large a debt, when there can be little, if any doubt, that if such a debt -was'due, there was better evidencE in the party's power.
"cIn looking,.at the deed, we find it to express the payment of $22,500 to I. Phillips, as the purchase-money; yet there is nowhere found any assignment of this alleged debt by Isaac Phillips, nor any

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

695

-Hanson et al.,v. Eustace's Lessee.

notice of it in his schedule in the insolvent proceedings; it must be observed, too,.that Robert Phillips left three surviving brothers, so that Isaac Phillips was entitled only to one-third the purchase-money beyond the debt justly due to himself. It appears, too, that J h i. Moss, one of the assignees, and Joseph L. Moss, were secun ies in the administration bond, and John Moss and E. L. Moss w re securities approved by the court, for the appropriation of the proceeds of the sale according to law. It also appears, that, though Robert Phillips died in December, 1833, no administration was taken out on his estate till, in January, 1837, after a citation from the register's office, in conformity with the law respecting collateral inheritances. Now, if we. take this transaction as it purports to be on the face of the Orphans' Court proceedings, it is this, and nothing else.
"In June, 1837, Isaac Phillips and Joseph L. Moss assign to J.. t.
Moss and David Samuel the Sixth street house and lot, on certain trusts a§ their estate, owned by them,and the firm of R. and I. Phillips';
in December, 1837, the assignees purchase this property from Isaac Phillips, as the estate of Robert Phillips, fcr $22,'500, take this amount from the residue of thehssigned fund, pay it to Isaac Phillips'in January, 1838, and in May, 1839, convey it to Mr.' Hanson for $20,300, making a dead loss to the fund assigned $2,200, besides interest.
"This is the transaction as it appears on the record and deeds; if it was so in fact, how would it look when it appeared in the accounts of the assignees as "trustees, whe v they were called on for a settlement? Would auditors, or the court, approve of such conduct?
"In our opinion, a grosser fraud could not well be imagined, and in order to avoid its imputation, the parties who set up the Orphans' Court proceedings, as giving a title to the assignees by the deed of. Isaac Phillips, most distinctly admit its falsity, that no money was paid, and that the whole proceeding was got up for the puiose of extinguishing the mere legal right, which was sup~posed to be in Robert Phillips, and not to affect any .ghits against the assignment.
"This saves us the necessity of further inquiry, whether these pro-' ceedings are available to the defendants as a title distinct from, and adverse to that of the firm of R. and I. Phillips; but these proceedings furnish a salutary lesson to courts and juries, not to give much credence to deecis and papers, "when the parties to them keep back evi-dence of their true character, whereby light is-excluded which would other*ise-explain their nature and object.

.696

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustac&'s Lessee.

"If these proceedings were concocted by Isaac Phillips and. the assigndes, for the purpose of injuriously affecting the creditors of R. and J. Phillips, who did not assent to the assignment, they are so far void is the evidence' of participation iri the fraud by the assignees is sulfficient onthe authority ofthe Supreme Court of this state, in 4 Watts, 361, to make the.act of one the act of a11. On their own admiskion, it was not a real sale and purchase-no considiration was paid or stipulatedto te paid; it was not intended to pass any title adverse to that of R. and I. Phillips, bit merely to unite what was supposed to be an outstanding legal title, to the equitable right existing in tle members of the firm. That such was the object, and no other, appears not only by the admission of all the parties now, but is manifest from the conduct of the assignees, in conveying to Mr. Hanson; for they neither recited any title derived under the Orphans' Court sale, nor professed to convey any ; as bet~veen the parties, therefore, it was not a binding sale, and if the object was merely what has .been declared, it must operate according to the intention with which it was made, and the legal effect of: what was done. Of consequence, it cannot impair the right of 'the members of the firm; if the assignment is valid, the sale inures fa the use of the assignees, as an extinction of any right in Robert Phillips, unlds§ his heirs contest it; and if the assignment is void as to the plaintiff, the Orphans' Court sale does not affect his right, but inureb to his use, as standing in the place of the defendants in the -judgment under which he purchased.
"Having thus disposed of the matters set up by the plaintiff, in -support of the allegation of actual fraud in the assignment, which is exclusively.a question foryour consideration,'we proceed to notice the objections to its validity on the ground of legal fraud, which pre"sentsquestions of law for the decision of the court.*
"Of these objections, a very.prominent one is, that the requiring a release from the creditors of the firm, as a condition precedent to their coming in for any portion of the property assigned, is illegal, and invalidates the assignment.. Ifthis were a new question, or was how open to examination in this court, we should be strongly inclined to hold the.assignment v6id, as contrary to the policy of the law; but the Supreme Court of the United States have decided otherwise. In Brasbear v. West, they hold, that when a.debtor.-asign~d all his property for the benefit of his creditors5 a stipulation for a release had been settled by the courts of this state to be .alid, and that this set-

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

697

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

tled construction of the law must be followed in the courts of. the

United States. 7 Peters, 615, 616. This decision is binding on you

and us, as the established law of the case; you will consequently dis-

regard any opinion of ours to the contrary, and consider the law to

be settled in favour of the assignment on this point. Had the case

in the Supreme Court of this state, in which the question was sup-

posed to have been decided, been as closely examined, and that

cause been araued as this has been, the, result might have been dif-

ferent; it is, however, now too.late to re-examine the question here;

elsewhere I may feel at liberty to think otherwise; yet it i-ay tend to

shake too many. titles held under such assignments, to interfere with

them in any other way than by prospective legislation.

"But though you will take the law to be thus settled, when the

assignment is of the whole of the debtor's property and effects, it is

otherwise if any portion is fraudulently ke~t back from the ass gn-

ment I should such be your opinion in this case, then the assignment

would be void by the exaction of a release from the creditors, ac-

cording to the opinion of the Supreme Court of this state, in 5 Rawle,

221, as well as the soundest principles of law. We, however, are

not desirous of giving you any imperative instructions on any of the

grounds of legal fraud on which this assignment is assailed, nor do

we think it necessary to state them in detail; they arise on the

face of the assignment,-they form a part of the plajptiff's case,

which cannot be excluded from it, and must b6 decided by the court

as questions of law, should your verdict on the evidence make it

necessary.

"This case is an interesting and important one, not only to the

parties concerned, as to the value of the property in dispute and

what may be consequently involved, but, on public considerations,

arising from the nature of the transactions in evidence, their charac-

ter and tendency. We think it better tthat the base should. be de-

cided on the questions of fact involved, reserving for future conside-

ration any matters of law not yet stated to you, which your ve*rdict

may leave for our decision, should it be for the defendants. But

though every question of f~ct is for your consideration solely, we are

not desirous of throwing on you the whole responsibility, without

expressing our opinion on the result of the evidence, not as a direc-

tion to bind, but as opinion merely, which will have such weight,

and such only, as you may think proper to give it It is a painful

VoL. 1--.88

3N

698

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson q% al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

task to view the transadtions -which are in evidence, in order to

Sscertain whether they are fraudulent ; but it is'a duty not to falter,

and itww'ill have a better eflect, if there is a concurrence of opinion

between, the jury and the court on that question, than to. have it in

doubt as to either. A careful consideration of all the testimony in

the case has led our minds to the conclusion, that there are such cir-

cumstances a§ wi'1 fully -justify your finding the assignment to be

.invalid on the gounc of its being frauduent as to creditors in point

of fact."

And inasmuch as said' charges and instructions, sb excepted to,

.do not appear upon: the record, the counsel for the defendants did

then and there tender this bill of exceptions to the opinion of the

:said court, and. requested, the seals of the judges to be- put to the

same, according to the form of the statute in such case made and

prbvided; and thereupon the aforesaid judges, at the request of the

cownsel for the defendants, did. put their seals to this bill of excep-

tions, pursuant to the aforesaid statute in-such case made and pro-

vided.

HFixmi BAimwn, [L. s.)

Jos. HopxrmsoN, IL. s.]

Itubbell and Sergeant,*for the plaintiffs in error. -Guillrand Fallon, for the defendant in error.
- Thirty-seven points were stated by the counsel for the plaintiffs in 'error, in which, itwaw alleged, the court bel6w erred. The argument upon both sides branched out into numerous points of law which the recdrd suggested. The reporter would -take pleasure in stating all -these arguments, but for the excessive length of the bills of exception and the circumstance that the decision bf -the court rests upon a single point in the charge of the court below, viz., the effect of the refusal to furmish books and'papers, in conformity with a notice. He only mentions, therefore, such portions of the argiunent as bear upon that part,of the chaige.
Four of'the points bf the plaintiff in error were thus stated by his counsel' "
'11th. The'court below erred in charging the jury that they might presume, that Robert Phillips, or his heirs,'bad made a conveyance, vesting the legal tfile in -the firm of R. and I. Phillips, and that it so remained at the time of the astignment, and that it was by such a conveyance as would enable them to enjoy the property against Robert Phillips and his heirs.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.
Hanson et al. v.'Eustact's Lessee.
12th. The court below erred in charging the jury that this presumption is not founded on the belief alone that the fact existed, but much more on those principles which enforce justice and honesty between man and man, and tend to the security'of possessions.'
13th. The court below erred ih charging the jury that the defend- ant below, Hanson, was under any.obligation to produce'the books of Joseph L. Moss and Isaac Phillips, or of the firm of R. and I. Phillips, and that any presumption whatever could be-made to his disadvantage by the non-productidn of them. And *also, as against the defendant below, Hanson, in admitting evidence of their contents.
14th. The court below erred in charging the jury that they had the right to presume that the production of the books would have been favourable to the plaintiff beloW, and unfavourable to the defetidan.s below, in every respect, as bearing upon the ownership ofthe property.
Hubbell, said:
Another defence set up by the defendants below is, that the legal title of part of the subject of this ejectment, viz., the Sikth street house, was never vested in: the assignors, R. and I. Phillips, and that therefore the plaintiff, below, claiming under them, cannot sustain'an action of ejectment-for that proporty.
His honour, the judge, charged the jury, that a conveyance or tue outstanding leg4l title to.the assignors-may be presumed by the jury.
There is no warrafit in law for the jury to presume a conveyance of the legal title.-
There are three ingredients commonly concurring with such presumption.
1. Time. 2. Duty. 3. Acts inconsistent with me outstanding of the legal title. There are four classes of cases in which such presumption has been made. 1. Where, in. the deduction of title, the deeds before and after the step sought to be presumed are produced, andpossession has gone according to the limitations in the latter. -After thirty or forty years, the chasm will be filled up by presumption. 2. Deeds proper to have effected a change oK alteration in a family estate, when the family have treated it as so altered, will be presumed after the lapse of many years. Matthews on Presumptive Evidence, 219.

700

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

3. *Where the legal title is vested in trustees for a. specific purpose and to convey at a specified time, and the property is delivered into the hands of -the cestui gue trust at the specified time, a conveyance will be presumed after the lapse of many years. Matthews, 220.
4. Even where there is no express trust to convey, a conveyance has been presumed in two cases where the purpose of vesting the title-in the trustees was temporary; the presumption was made in one case after a hundred years, and'in the other after the lapse of seventy years. But these cases are considered of questidnable authority. Matthews, 225.
Where laxids are conveyed to trustees without'any expressed or manifest object, requiring the separation of the legal and equitable estates and the beneficial enjoyment continues from the first in the same persons or their privies, and there i6 nothing in this enjoyment inconsistent with the outstanding of the legal estate, no lapse of time will establish the presumption of a conveyance by the trustee of the legal estate to the cestui que trust. Matthews, 228.
If there had been, in the present case, a duty to convey, of which there was no evidence, still the ingredient of time was wholly wanting. The conveyance to Robert Phillips was in 1832, and the sale under the judgment in 1839-an interval of but seven years: a period far short of the statute of limitations, which seems to fiirnish, except u~der'extraordinary circumstances, the minimum of time ne-
cssary to such presumption. 13 Johns. 513; 7 Wheat. 59, 108; 6 Wheat. 581; 2 Wend. i; 5-Taunt: 170.
The court further charged thejury, that the'admiSsion of secondary evidence to prove the contents of the books was not the only effect of their suppression, but that they ought to presume that the production of the-books would have been favourable to the plaintiffs and unfavourable'to the defendants in any other aspect as bearing on the 6oinership of the prope4t; that the court would, as a court of equity, hold on stich evidence that there was such a lear equitable ti2e in the firm, that Robert Phillips or his heirs were bound, on every principle of justice, conscience, and equity, to make a conveyance so as to make that title a legal one; ind that 'the jury might presume as largely as a chancellor might do.
Our' objections to t.i 5 charge may be subdiviaed into 1st. The error in charging that the plaintiff below had any right to call for tLe production of these books, or that the effect of the notice

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

701

Hanson et al. v. Eustace'g, Lessee.

and non-compliance with it, was any thing more than to admit-him to produce secondary evidence of their contents.
2d. The error in charging the jury.that Hanson was in anywiseto be. affected by the non-production, or that he was under any obligation to resort to the act of Congress to compel their production, or that he or the plaintiffbelow could compel their production under the act of Congress.
The act of Congress only compels a party to produce books or papers which contain evidence pertinent to the issue, in cases and under circumstances where he might be compelled to produce the same by the drdinary rules of proceedings in chancery.
To the rules of chancery we must resort to.knbw under what circumstances chincery compels' the production of books and papers. Sergeant's Constitutional Law, 158, 159.
The party requiring'the production of books and papers must sIow right, property, or interest in them. 2 Coxe's Chancery Cases, 242; 1 Coxe's Chancery Cases, 277, 364; 4 Johns. Chan.Ca. 382. o
The party requiring the production of books and papers miust obtain a rule on the opposite party to produce them, which must be supported by affidavit, showing that they are in the possession -of the party required to produce them; that -they contain evidence pertinent to the issue, and that all the circumstances exist which would induce a Court of Chancery to direct their production. ' And the party required to produce them may deny all this by counter-evidence on the trial. 4 Wash. C. C. Rep. 126; 3 Wash. C. C. Rep. 582; United States v. Twenty packages of goods, 1 Gilpin, 306.
The party required to produce, is, upon every principle of chancery practice, entitled to deny upon his own oath, the whole of th allegations upon which their production is sought, to explain anyentries found in the books, &c. 2.Penn, Reji. 139; Hare on- Discover]*, ch. 2, sect. 6, pp. 228, 238; 2 Chitty's Equity Digest, ,1129, where the whole is reviewed.
The court must rely on the oath of the party required to produce, as to the relevancy of the books; also, as to what parts are material. Hare on Discovery, 230. He may seal up such parts as he declares to be immaterial. Hare on Discovery., 230; 1 Swanson, 539
But we particularly comilain bf this error as affecting Mr. Hansoii, who had not the custody of the bboks, against whom they would not have been evidence if produced. He could not have made the. affidavit required to enforce their production, and he could not have
3N2

702

SUPREME -COURT.

Hanson et'al. v; Eu.stace!s Lessee.

enforced the penalty given by the act of Congress for their non,production, viz. judgment against the recusant party.

Giuil/ou, for the defendant in error.
In, vindication of the charge of the court, that the jury might presume a deed from R. Phillips to R. and I. Phillips, cite& 11 East, 56 ; 4 Durn. and East, 682; 1 Caines, 457; 3 Watts, 167 ; 10 Serg. & Eawler389, 391; 7 .Wheat. 110; 2 Wendell, 13, 15; 12 Yes. 24, 251, note; 6 Bingh. 180; 5 Barn. & Ald. 233; 19 Johns. 345; 8 East, 263. And further to sustain the court in leaving it optional with the jury, 9 Wheat. 486 ; 4 Dallas, 132; 1 Yeates, 32.
Fallon, on the same side, after directing his attention to other points of the case, said;
We wanted the books to' show, amongst other things, that, the Sixth street houe was pirchased with the partnership funds, in which case it became partnership property. 1. Sumner,- 182; 2 Wash. C. C. R. 441; -7 Serg. and Rawle, 438.

iergeant,in reply and conclusion.
Hanson never had the books, and yet is made reponsibIe for their not being produced. The notice wag' to prodice the books of a firm, carrying on a very extensive busineis, running through-six years, and tax receipts for eight years. In the courts of the United States a party can choose one of three'i-odes.
1. A common law notice.
2. A proceeding in equity for papers.
1 3- An affidavit and nile under the Judiciary act.
This was a common law notice exclusively. As such, it only gave the party a ight to use secondary evidence by proving the contents of papers. The law presumes that a party knows what he wants, and allows him to call for it, but does not give him the power, under a drag net notice like this, to bring up the books and papers of six years accumulation: Can it be, that a party, without affidavit, without an order of court, without specification, shall be entitled.to have a cart load of papers brought into court, many of them of a private character, and open to the inspection of everybody? If this was the rule, the act of Congress must have been passed to restrain it; otherwisd it woud both be insufficient and intolerable.
The charge says, where papers are suppressed by a party, it is a ground Qf suspicion. This is true in a chancery, liroceedingi. But

JANUARY TERM,,1844.

703

Hanson et. al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

there is no spoliation of papers in this case, nor is the notice to be brought under the chancery head; neither is it under the act of Congress. There is no affidavit, no order of court, no hearing of the'party.
It has been already argued, that before a presumption can be raised., circumstances and time must justify it. It is in favour of possession and time. Supposing, here, that Robert Phillips bought the property with the partnership funds, and thereby became a trustee for the -firm, where is there any ground to presume an end of the .trust? The presumption would be to the contrary, that he was to hold. it as long as both parties agreed.

Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion 6rthe court.
The defendants in this case having failed to produce on the trial of it certain books of original entry, day books, &c.) of the late-firm of R. and I. Phillips, which had been called for by a regularnotice, the court permitted the plaintiff to give secondary evidence of their contents. The 'object of the plaintiff in introducing the secondary evidence was to prove that the legal title to the Sixth street property was in R. and I. Phillips, the defendants having previously introduced a deed to that property froiii R. j. Herring and wife, dated the 9th June, 1$32, to Robert Phillips.
The partners of the firm of R. and I Phillips were Robert Phillips and Isaac Phillips. That .firm,howeveriwas dissolved by the death of Robert Phillips in 1833. The survivor then took into partnership Joseph L. Moss, and the new firm traded under the'style of the original firm of R. and I. Phillips.
The court, in refeience to the refusal of the defendants to produce the books, and to the secondary evidence which had been given. of their contents in respect to the Sixth street property, --charged. the jury, that, cc In. an. ordinary, cases the jury must decide, from the evidence before them, what facts have been proved; but in this case there is one feature which is rather unusual, anid to, which it is necessary to call your special attention, as a matter which hias an important bearing on some of its prominent points. Timely notice was given by the plaintiff's counsel to the counsel of the assignors and assignees, to produce at the trial the books of R. and I. Phillips; no objection wag made to the' competency of the notce; they were called for, but were not produced till the day after the evidence was closed, and at the moment when the court had called on the plaintiff's counsel to address th6 jury. No reason was assigned for their non-production,

704

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

save the reference to the illness of Mr. Moss; but Mr, Phillips was in court; notice was given to Mr. Hanson, though none was necessary-, as the bQoks could not be presumed to be in his possession. That they could have been produced before the evidence on both sides was closed, tan scarcely be doubted, when so many were produced afterwards. Their production, then, was no compliance with the notice; the plaintiff could not, without leave of the court, have referred to them; he was not bound to ask it, and had a right to proceed, as if they had not been produced.
",Mr. Hanson had a right to call for the books; claiming by an adverse title, he might have moved the court for an order to produce them, but he made no effort to procure them; we say so, because there was no evidence that he did in any way endeavour to have
them produced, although the court, in their opinion on the motion for a nonsuit, plainly intimated the effect of their non-production.
"cThere has, therefore, been no satisfactory or reasonable'ground assigned for their having been kept back, and the plaintiff has a fair case for calling on you to presume whatever the law will authorize you to presume as to the contents of the books. On this subject the fifteenth section of the Judiciary act has made this provision.: That all the said courts of the United States shall have power, in the trial of actions at law, and on motion and due notice thereof being given, to require the parties to produce books or writings in their possession
or power, which contain evidence pertinent to the issue, in cases, and under circumstances where they might be compelled to produce the same by the ordinary rules of proceeding in chancery; and if a plaintiff shall fail to comply with such order to produce books or writings, it shall be lawful for the courts, respectively, on motion, to give the like judgiaent for the defendant, as in cases of nonsuit; and if. a defendant shall fail to comply with such order to produce books or writings, it shall be lawful for the courts, respectively, on motion as aforesaid, to give judgment against him or her by default.' This enables courts. of law to apply the same rules andprinciples, where papers or books are withheld, as have been adopted by courts of equity, which are these, in our opinion, as long since expressed in Askew v. Odenheimer, 1 BaldwinRep. 388, 389."
"It must not, then, be supposed that the only effect of the suppression or keeping back books and papers is to admit secondary evidence of their contents, or that the jury are confined, in presuming their contents, to what is proved to have been contained in them; a

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

705

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

jury may presume as largely as a chancellor may do, when he acts on his conscience, as a jury does, and ought to do, and on the-same
principles. c Mr. Bridges states that he believes there is an entry on the books,
of the transfer from Herring to Robert and Isaac Phillips, but don't know how the transfer was made. It is in proof, by the clerks of Robert and Isaac Phillips, that an account was open on their. books. with the Sixth street lot; that the money of the firm was applied to the payment of the, consideration money to Herring; one of the persons who erected the new biilding says he was paid by the notes and checks of the firm; a teuiant proves that Joseph L. -Moss rented it in the name of the firm, Who furnished it to the amount of $1000, and the tax-collectors prove.the payment of taxes by the firm. In opposition to this evidence, the defendants offer nothing; the books of the firm are suppressed, when they could and ought to have been produced; and the sole reliance in support of the ttle of Robert Phillips is thd deed from Herring. If you believe the witnesses, Rbbert Phillips" never was the sole'and real owner of this property on the first purchase; and if you think the facts stated are true, you may and ought to presume, that if the books had been produced, they would have shown that the payment of the whole purchasemoney, and the whole expense of the improvements made on the lot, were paid by the firm; that it formed an item of their joint estate, and was so considered by the partners'. You may, also, and ought to presume, that the prodtiction.of the books would have beenfavourable to the plaifitiffs, and unfavourable to the' defendants, in any other aspect as bearing 6n the ownership of this property. On such evidence we would, as a court of equity, hold that there was'such a clear equitable title in the firm, that Robert Phillips, or -his heirs, were bound, on every principle of justice; conscience, and equity, to make a conveyance so as to make that title a legat oh'e. - And when it appears thit then'embers of the new firm had conveyed it in trust for creditors, as their joint property, that the grahtees had accepted the conveyance, and sold the property under the assignment; that the purchaser from them had accepted a deed reciting theirs, and no other title-we canrnot he iat6, as judges in a court of law, in instructing you that you may presume that such a conveyance from Robert Phillips, or his heirs, has been-made, -a they were bound in equity and good conscience to make.
" Legal presumptions do not'depend on any defined state of thing; VOL. 11.-89

706

SUPREME COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

time is always an important, and sometimes a necessary ingredient in the chain of circumstances on which the presumption of a conveyance is made; -iits more or less important, according to the weight of the other circumstances in evidence in the case. Taking, then, all in connection, and in the total absence of all proof of any adverse claim by Robert Phillips, or his heirs, from 1832, every circumstance is in favour of the presumption of a conveyance; and we can perceive little, if any weight in the only circumstance set up to rebut it, which is the proceedings in the Orphans' Court. You will give them what consequence you may think they may deserve, when you look to the time and the circumstances under which they were commenced, cartied on, and completed by a sale for $22,6500, which counsel admit. was not paid, and also admit that the sole object was to extinguish the mere spark of legal right remaining in Robert Phillips or his heirs, and not because he or they had any beneficial interest in the property. If there was lawful ground for presuming the existence of a conveyance from him, or them, before November, 1837, we shiould think that any thing accruing afterwards was entitled to no weight in rebutting such presumption: and were we in the jury box, we would think it operated the other way. It was for the interest of the assignees and assenting creditors to consider the conveyance as not made; for if it had been made previously, a, non-assenting. creditor to the assignment might take it under a judgment, as was done by the plaintiff, and thereby hold it, if 'the assignment did not pass the title;" whereas, by takingthe deed as not made, the Orphans' Court sale would vest the title in the assignors, and. leave no legal right on which a judgment against Joseph L. Moss and Isaac Phillips could attach. As, however, this is a matter entirely for your consideration, we leave-it to your decision, with this principle of law for your guide: that on a question ivhether a conveyanice shallhbe presumed or, not, the jury are.to look less to the direct evidence of the fact, than to the reasons and policy of the law, in authorizing them to infer that it was made, if the party who was in possession of the legal title was bound in equity to convey to the real, true, equitable- owner. This legal 'presumption is not founded on the belief alone that the fact existed, but much more on those principles which enfdrce justice and honesty between man and man, and tend to the security of possessions Which have remained uninterested and undisturbed. Should your -opinion be in conformity with ours on this point, ,you will presume that there was a deed from Robert Phillips

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

707

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

or his heirs, competent to vest the title. to the Sixth street lot in.the firm of Robert and Isaac Phillips;, that it so remained at the time of the assignment, and that it was by such conveyance as would enable them to enjoy the property against Robert Phillips and his heirs."
It appears, then, that the court made the refusal of the defendafits to produce the books, the secondary evidence of their contents, and other evidence in the cause, the basis upon which it gave the foregoifig instructions to the jury. The defendants excepted-to them.
The iiquiries therefore .rising, are-had a case been made, which authorized the.court, as a'matter of law, to give an opinion to the jury, that the facts prbved would justify the presumption of a deed; and; if not, were the instructions given in.terms which left the jury to m'ake the inference from the evidence alone, unaffected -by considerations which it is not the province of a jury to indulge, that the legal title to the Sixth- street property was in the late firm of R. and I. Phillips?
This property may. b.e the partnership:estate of the original firm of. R. and I. Phillips,. wifhout the legal title being in the copartnership or in either of the partners. A deed was inevidence, that,the legal title had been made to Robert Phillips. The plaintiff wished,to showi that Robert Phillips hadconveyed it, before he died, to the firm, or that there were circumstances int.he case which raised the presumption that he had done so. No evidence was given to show that Robert Phillips had made such a conveyance: On the contrary, as the case sto6d, the proof was, that R. J.Herring and wife had conveyed the Sixth street property to Robert .Phillips, by deed dated-the
9th June, 183i.' The deed was in evidence. The plaintiff then proceeded to-give qecondary evidence of the contents of the books,
which the defendants had refused to produce. That secondary evidence, as it is stated in the instruction, is, that " Mr. Bridges states that he believes there is'an'entry on the books of the transfer fromHerring to Robert and Isaac,Phillips, but don't know how that transfer was made -It is in proof, by the clerks of Robert and Isaac Phillips, that an account.was -open on- their books with the Sixth street lot; that the money of the firm-was applied to the payment of the'consideration-muoney to Herring. One-bf the persons who erected the new building says he was paid by the notes and checks of the firm;- a tenant proves that Joseph L. Moss .rented it in the namne of the firm, who furnished it to the amount of $1000 - and the tax-collectors prove the payment of the taxes by the firm," Such is the proof,:and

708

SUPREME-COURT.

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.
the only proof in the cause t6 show that the legal title to the Sixth street property was in the late firm of R. and L Phillips. It may justify the inferences in the court's instructions, that Robert Phillips never was the sole and real owner of this property on the first purchase;, that, if the books had been produced, it would have been shown that the consideration money for the lot was paid by the firm; that all the improvements were paid for by the money of the firm; that it formed a part of their joint'estate; that they so considered it, and that Robert Phillips was bound in equity and good conscience to make a 'title to the firm ; but the evidence is certainly deficient in those particulars which, according to the established law, will permit the presumption of a deed by a jury, as a matter of direction from the court. Before a court cant instruct a jury to presume a grant or deed for land, time or length of possession must be shown, which, of itself, in certain cases, and in other cases, in comiection with-cir-
cumstances, will induce the presumption of a grant as a matter of law, or as a legal effect from-evidence, which the jury is instructed t9 make, if in its consideration of the evidence the jury believe it t6 be true. Or when the presumption in fact as to a legal title is founded upon the principle of omnia rite esse arta. Supposing, then, that the court did not intend to instruct the jury, that the legal effect of the evidence was to raise the presumption of a deed-we will now inituire, what effect the refusal to produce books and papers under a notice has upon the point which a party supposes they would prove. The refusal to produce books, under a notice, lays the foundation for the introduction of secondary evidence. It affords neither presumptive nor prima fade evidence of the fact sought to be proved by them. A party cannot infer from the refusal to produce books which have been called for, that if prodaced they would establish the fact which 'he alleges they would prove. The party in such a case- may give secondary evidence of the contents of such books or papers; and if such secondary evidence is vague, imperfect, and uncertain as to dates, tums, boundaries, &c., every intendment and presumption as to such particulars shall be against the party who might remove all doubt by producing the higher evidence. Life and Fire Insurance Co. N. Y. v. Mech. Fire Insurance Co. .7 Wend. 33, 34.
All inferences shall be taken frPm the inferior evidence most strongly against the party refusing to produce; but the refusal itself raises no presumption of suspicion or imputation to the discredit of the party, except irafcase of spoliation or equivalent suppression. There the

JANUARY TERIM, 1844.

709

Hanson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

rule is that omnia prasumanturcontra spoiatorem. In-other words, with the exception just mentioned,.the refusal to produce books or papers upon notice is not an independent element from which any thing can be-inferred as to the point which is sought to be proved by 'the books or papers. Nor can any views of policy growing out.of the refusal be associated with the secondaiy evidence to enlarge the province of the jury, to infer or presume the existence of the-fact to which that evidence relates. For considerations of policy, being the source, origin, and support of artificial presumptions, having no application to conclusions as to actual matter of fact, the finding of ajury in conformity with such considerations, and noi according to their actual conviction of the truth, resolves itself into a-rule or piesunp-
tion of law.
Apply these principles to the instruction, and we find that the court, under a notice at common law to produce books and papers, and the refusal to produce them, without any other foundation having been laid to permit secondary evidence to be given of the existence of .a deed which had not-been specifically called for, and the destruction
or loss of which had not been alleged; permitted the plaintiff to give secondary evidence that a deed had been-made, and upon his failure to do so, instructed the jury that it "cmust not be supposed that the. only effect of the suppression or keeping back books and papiers is to admit'secondary evidence'of their conitents, or that the jurjr are confined, in presupaing their contents, to what. is proved- to have been contained in them. A jury may pfesume as largely as a chancellor may do, when he acts on his conscience as a jury, does and ought to do, and on the sanie principles." And further, after reciting the evidence which- -the court thought led t6, its conclusibr, the court
says, 4 upon such evidence we would, as a edurt of equity, hold that there was such a clear equitable title in the firm, that Robert Phillips or his heirs were bound on every principle of justice, conscience, and equity to make a conveyance, so as to 'make the title a legal one." To which the court adds, when it appears that the members of thenew firm.had conveyed-it'in trust for creditors, as their joint property, that the grantees had-accepted the conveyance and sold the property under the assignmentAthat the purchaser from them had accepted a deed reciting'theirsiad no other title, we cannot hesitate as judges in. a cpurtof law, in .instractirig you that You may presume- that such a conveyance from Roberi PhiBips or his heirs has bepn made, as-they.
were bound in equity and -good conscience.-tp. mak6." ccLegal.pre-
30

710

SUPREME COURT.

H-anson et al. v. Eustace's Lessee.

sumptions do not depend on any defined state of things; time is always an important, and Sometimes a necessary-ingredient in the chain of circumstances on which the presumption of a conveyance is made; it is more or less important according tb the weight of the other circumstances in evidence in the case. -Taking, then, all in connection, and in the total absence of all proof of any adverse claim by Robert Phillips or his heirs, from 1832, every.circumstance is in - favour of the presumption of a conveyance." And the instruction finally concludes with this direction: "cAs, however, this is a matter entirely for your consideration, we leave it to your decision with this principle of law-for your guide, that on a question whether a conveyance shall be presumed or not, the jury are to look less to -the direct evidence of the fact than to the reasons and policy of the law, in authorizing them to infer that it was made, if the party who was in possession of the legal title was bound in equity to convey to the real, true, and equitable owner. This, legal presumpton is not founded on the belief, alone, that the fact existed, but much more on those principles which enforce justice and honesty between man and man, and tend to the security of possessions which have remained undisturbed. Should your opinion be in conformity with ours on this point,. you will presume that there was a deed from Robert Phillips or his heirs, competent to vest the title to the Sixth street lot in the firm 6f Robert and Isaac Phillips,. that it so remained at the time of the assignment, and that it was by such -conveyance as would enable them to enjoy the property against Robert Phillips and his
heirs."' Supposing, then, .the terin legal presumption to have been used in
its -known professional sense, it is obvious that the coiirt did not mean it to be one that. was absolute and conclusive, but one of law and. fact. If the latter, we have already said shch a presump-. tion did not arise under the evidence, and the conclusion must be that the construction did not leave the jury to presume, from theevidence alone, that a conveyance had been made of the Sixth street property by Robert Phillips, which vested the legal title to it in the late firm of R. and I. Phillips. 'We ihink the exception taken to these instructions must be'sustained, and direct the judgment to be reversed.
Ii the consideration of this case, the court has not forgotten that there were many other points in the cause .which were argued with great learning and ability. The court, however, abstains from

JANUARY TERM; 1844.

711

Bank of the United States v. The United States.

noticing them and directs that its opinion should be exclusively confined to the instructions which have been considered.

ORDER.
This cause dame on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, It is now here 'ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed, -with costs ; and that' this cause 'be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to award a venirefaciasde novo.

THE BA K OF THE UNITED STATES, PLAINTIFF IN 'ERROR, v. THE
UNITED STATES.
By a treaty between the United States and France, the latter agreed to 'payto the former a certain sum of money, the firisntstalment ofwhich became due on the second of February, 1833.
The secretary of the treasury, under a power conferred by Congress, drew a bill of exchange upon the'Frehch governmeht, which'was purchased by the Bank of the United States.
Not being paid, upon presentation, it was protested and immediat t!ytaken up by banker in Paris, for the honour of the bank.
The bill is hot liable to objection as being drawn upon a particular fund. The United States, is drawers, are responsible to the bank for fifteen per cent.
damages under a statute of Maryland, which allows that amount to the holder of a f6reign protested bill. When the bankers in Paris took it up and charged the amount of the bill to the bank, intheir account with it, the bank became thereby remitted to its briginal character as holder and payee. Under the law-merchant, the drawer of a foreign bill of exchange is liable in case of protest, for costs .and. other incidental charges, and also for reexchange, woether direct or circuitous. *The statute of Maryland, allowing fifteen per cent., fixes this in lien of fe-ex6hange, to obviate'fhe difliculty of proving the price of re-exchange. 'When the bank came into possession of the bill; upon its return, the endorse-' ments were in'effect stricken out, and the bank became, in a commercial and legal sense, the holder of the bill.
THis case was brought up by writ of error from the Circuit Court of the' United States for the district of Poensylvarfii.

284

SUPREME COURT.

Stoddard et, al. v. Chambers.

capacity he elected to hold, as owner, or as administrator. He has elected the latter; and the evidence is sufficient to establish that right, pJriafacie. Bes-ides, it can be of no concern to the plaintiff in error on which count the .verdict is taken, for in either case it is equally a good foundation for a valid judgment against him, to the extent of the sums due thereon.
There is yet another view of fhis matter. The question of the amefidment was a question o.f discretion in the court below upon its own review of the facts in evidence; and we know of no .ght or authority in this court upon a writ of error to examine such a question, or the conclufqiorn to which the court below arrived upon a survey of the facts, which seem to us to have belonged appropriately and exclusively to that court.
Upon the whole, in our opinion there is no error of the court below in the amendment and proceedii tgs complained of, and the judgment is therefore affirmed with costs.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of-the record from the Circuit-Court of the United- States' for the southern district of Alabama, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, ] t is now here oidered and djudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court, inthis cause be, and the same is hereby affiried with costs and damages at the rate of six per cent. per annum.

SIMON.STODDARD," CURTIS STODDARD, DANIEL STODDARD, ANTHONY.
STODDARD, WILLIAM -STODDARD, JOSEPH BiUNNELL .AND LUcy' His
wwn, Jobs Foma .A LAvn 'HmS wwE, JLrcy HoxiE, DANIEL *MoRcAN AND AvA ,8.wriE,. PLiNPs IN' E4ROR, V,HARRY W.
CHAMERS.
A deed okland in Missodiri,in 1804-, attested by'two witnesses, purporting to have been executed in the presence of a syndic, presented to the commissioners of
* United States in1811, and again brought forward As the foundation of a claim 'fore the c6.mntissioners in 1835, must be considered as evidbnce for a'jury
If i't was not -objected to in thd court loelow, it cannot be in this court.. A confirmation under the act of 18i6 to the original( claimant and his legal
representatives, entred, by way of estop el, to his assignee.

JAN4UARY TERM, 1844.

285

Stod.dard et a]. v, Chambers.

To bring a 'case within the second section of the act of 1836 so as to avoid a confirmation, the opposing location must be shown to have been made " under a law of the United States."
The holder of a New Madrid certificate had a right to locate it only of "public lands which had been authorized to be sold." If it was located on lands which were reserved from sale itt the time of issuing the patent the patent is void.
There *as no reservation Trbm sale of the land claimed under a French or Spanish title between the 26th of May, 1829, and the 9th July,1832. A location under a New Madrid certificate, upon any land claimed under a French or Spanisli title, not otherwise reserved, made i- this interval, would have Peen gopd.
If two patents be issued by the United States -forthe same'land, and the first in date be obtained fraudulently or.against law, it does'not carry the legal title.'
A patent is a mere ministerial act; and if it be issued, for laads reserved from sale by.law, it is void.
Tils case came up; by writ of error, from'.the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Missouri.
It was an .ejectment brought- by the-plainffit inLerror (who were, also plaintiffs in the court below) against the defendant.. The title of the plaintiffi was derived-through .their ancestor, Amos Stoddard, from an old Spanish.. concession, granted in 1800 ;, and that of the defendant, to forty-seven acres and twenty-one hundredths of an acre, from what is 'called a.NeW Madrid patent, issued to one Peltier under the -act of Congress passed on the 11th February,.1815, ch. 198. The defendant also claimed one acre and ,sixty.thrde' hundredths under a certificate granted, 'under t1e same act, to one Coontz, for which a patent had not issued. Beyond these forty-eight'acres'aid eighty-four hundredths of an .acre, the defendant set up no claim.
The historical order of the facts in the case is this. On the 21st of January, 1800, Mordecai Bell, a resi'dent of Louisiana, presented a petition to Don Carlos Dehault Delassuse, lieiitenant-
governor and commandant-in-chief 6f.Upper Louisiana, praying for
a concession of 350.arpens of land. On the 29th of January, 1800, Delassuse made.the concession and
instructed the survayor,'Soulard, to put the petitioner in possession of the land conceded...
On the 29th of May, 1804, Bell coxlveyed the concession and order of survey to James Mackay. "'The original deed was in French, and purported to,be executed before Richard Caulk, syndic of the . district of St: Andrew. The names of two attesting witnesses are also
subscribed.

286

SUPRTEME COURT.

Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.'

On the 2d of March, 1806, Congress passed an act ccfor ascertaining and adjusting the titles and claims to land within the territory of Orleans and the district of Louisiana," the general purport of rhich was to recognise all existing -grants. It further provided f6r
the appointment of three persons, who should examine, and decide on. all claims submitted to them, and report the result to the secretary of the treasury, who was directed to communicate it to Cohgress.
Oh the 26h of September, 1805, James Mackay conveyed the grant and order of survey to Amos Stoddard, who :was at that. time civil commandait, under the government of the United States, at St. Louis. t may her&be remarked that- evidence was given on the trial below that as early as 1817, Stoddard was in possession under this deed, and that the facts of his death before the suit and of the plaintiffs being his heirs at law -verealso given in evidence.
In January, 1806, Soulard, the surveyor-general of the teritory of Louisiana, but not so unler the authority of Congress, made a plat and certificate of the survey of the above land.
On the '3d of March, 1807,-C ongress passed another act relating to land-titles in' Missouri, explanatory and corrective of the act of 1805. ·It also extended the time. limited for filing the claims to the lsfrof July, 1808.
On the 29th of June, '1808, all the, papers relating to the claim ware presented to the recorder of'the district, viz. - 1. The coficession. 2. -Deed to Mackay. 3. Deed to Stoddard. 4. Certificate
of survey in favour-of Stoddard. On the'15th of February; 1811, Congress passed an act, by which
the President was authorized, (section 10,) xc vhenever he shall think proper, to direct so much of Ie public laids lying in.the territory of Luisiana as shall have been surveyed in conformity with the eighth section of this .act, to' be offered for sale-;" and further, cc That -all such lands with th exception of th6 section number sixteen, which shall be reserved. for the support of schools 'within the same; -with the exception, also, of a tract reserved for the support of a seminary of learning, as provided for by the eighth section of this act; and. with the 'exception, also, of the salt prings and lead mines, and lands contiguous thereto, which, by the direction of the President of the Uhited States, may be reserved for the ffiture disposal of the said stats, shall be offered-for sale to the highest bidder, under the direc-" tion of the register of the land-offiee and the receiver of public moneys, and of the principal deputy-surveyor, .and on such day or

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

287

Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.

days as shall, by public proclamation of the Prisident of the United States; be designated for that purpose-" cProvided, however, that, fill after thedecision pf Congress 4hereon'vno tract.shall be'offered. for sale, the claim 'to which has been in due time, and according to law, .presented to .the recorder of land-titles in the district of Louisiana, and flied in his office, for the purpose of being investigated by the commissioners appointed for ascertaining the rights of persons
claiming lands in the territory of Louisiana." On the 3d of-March, 1811, Congress passed another act, in which
the same reservation is made as is above stated. On the'10th of October, 1811, the board of commissioners xejected
the.claim. On the 17th of February, 1815, Congress passed an act declaring
that any person orpersons owning lands in the county ofNewMadrid, in the Missouri 'territory, -w. ith the extent the said county had on the tenth day of November, 1812, and vhose, lands had-been materially injured by earthquakes, should be and they were thereby authorized to locate the like quantity of land on' any of the*public lands of-said territory authorized to be sold.
On the 9.8th of November, 1815, Fredcrick Bates recorder, &c ., issued a certificate that a lot of one -arpent, in the village of Little Prairie, in the county of New Midrid, owned by Eustache Peltier or" his legal representatives,. was materially injur6d,by eafthquakes, aid that said ..Eustache Peltier, or his legal representatives, was entitied to locate any quantity.of land not exceeding 160 acres, on any of the public lands in the territory of Missouri, the sale of which was authorized by law.
On the 24th of October, f1816, an entry was made of land in conformity with the above certificate. 'This entry' covered forty-seven acres and twenty-one hundredths of the concession to Bell; and the defendanit 'claimed under it.
In 1817, 1818, and 1819, the township in which the land in controversy lies, was surveyed under the authority of the United States, and not offered at public sale by the authority of the President until 1823.
In March, 1818, the certificate -which had been issued in favour of Peltier was surveyed by Brown, the deputy-surveyor, and t6e location made. It may here be remarked that evidence was given upon the trial, showing the possession of Peltier's location to have. been in him and his assignees from 189 down to the occupancy of the defendant, accompanied, by deeds,

S-1JPRE'ME COURT.
Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.
On the 29th of May, 1818, Martin Coontz made an entry under a New Madrid certificate, which was surveyed in July, 1818. This survey clashed with Bell's concession, and included one acre and sixty-three hundredihs, which the defendant, Chambers, claimed under Coontz's title. Coontz did nQt obtaina patent for it.
On the 26th of May, 1824, Congress passed another act, cc enabling the claimants to lands within the limits of the state of Missouri and teriltory of Arkansas to institute proceedings to try the validity of their claims." It -allowed any persons claiming lands under old grants or surveys, under certain circumstances, to present a petition to the District Court of the state of Missouri, which court was authorized to give a decree in the matter, reviewable, if nieed- be, by the Supreme Court of the United States. The 5th section provided that a claim not before the District Court in two years, or not prosecuted to final judgment in three years, should be for ever bfred both at law and in equity; and the seventh section directed that where a claim, tried under the provisions of the act, shouldbe finally decided against the clainiant, or barred by virtue of any of the provisions of the -act, the land spe6ified in such claim should, forthwith, be held and taken as a partof the public lands of the United States, subject to the same disposition' as any other public land in the same district.
On'the 26th of May, 1826, an act was passed continuing the above act in force for two years.
On the 24th of May, 1828, another act was passed, by which the act of 1824 was continued in force for the i'pose of filing petitions, until the 26th day of M.y,'1829, and for the purpose of adjndicating upon the claims until the 26th day of May, 1830.
On the 9th of July, 1832; Congress passed an cc act for the final adjustment of private land-claims in Missoufi," which authorized commissioners to examine all the unconfirmed claims to land in that state, which had been filed prior to the 10th of March, .1804. The commissioners were directed to class them, and at the commencement.of each session of Congress, during said timof examination, lay before the commissioner of the general land-office a report of the claims, so classed. The first class was to include the claims 'which ought, in their opinion, to be confirme& according to the laws and usages of' the Spanish goverfznent; the second, those which ought not 'to be confirmed. he third section provided that the lands included in the first class should 'coitinue to be reserved from sale, as heretofore, until the decision of Congress should be made agaimt

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

289

Stoddard et al. V. Chambers.

them; and those in the second class should be subject to sale as other public lands.
On the 2d of March, 1833, Congress passed another act, directing the commissioners to embrace every claim to a donation of and held in virtue of settlement and cultivation.
On the 16th of July, 1832, a patent was issued to Peltier for the land described in his survey.
. On the "8th of June, 1835, the commissioners decided that 350 arpens of land ought to be confirmed to Mordecai Bell, or his legal iepresentatives, according to the survey.
On the 4th of July, 1836, Congress passed an act confirming claims to land in the state of Missouri, by which it was declared that the decisions in favour of land-claimants, made by the above commissioners were confirmed, saving and reserving, howevcr, to all adverse claimants; the right to assert the validity of their.claims in a court or courts of justice;' and the 2d section declared, that if it should be found that any tract or tracts thus confirmed, or any patt thereof, had been previously lcated by any other person or persons* under any law of the United States, or had been surveyed or sold by the United. States, the present act should confer ho title to -such Jands in opposition to the rights acquired by such location or pur-
chase. The cause came on for trial at April term, 184§, in the Circuit
Court. After the evidence was closed the counsel for the defendaht prayed the court to instruct the jury,
1. That the plaintiif are'not entitled to, recover in this action any-
land included in the patent issued to Eustache Peltier or his legal representatives.
2. That the plaintiffs are not entitled to recover in this action, any land which the jury may find, from the evidence, to be embraced in the locadon made in favour of Martin Coontz, or his legal' reprcsentatives.
Both of wbich instructions the court gave. Whereupon the counsel for the plaintiff excepted.

Lawless (in writing) and Ewing, for the plaintiff in error. Jones, for the defendants.

Lawless referred to the facts in thc case and the acts of Congress

bearing upon them, and then 'proceeded thus:

The .plaintiffs in error respectfully contend, that the instructions

VoL. 1l.-37

2 B

290

SUPREME COURT.

Stoddard et al. n Chambers.

given by the Circuit Court of thb United States in this case -re erroneous.
The counsel for the plaintifs in -error'wim assume, as a proposition, self-evident, that the title of the plaintiffs, under Amos Stoddard and Mordecai Bell, is good as against the United States, and would, if no antagonist private title txisted, or were set up, entitle the legal representatives of Amos Stoddard, under Mordecai Bell, to the possession, of 350 arpens granted to Bell, surveyed for Amos Stoddard under Bell, and confirmed by the act of Congress of the 4th July, 1836, to Mordecai Bell and his legal representatives.
The validity of the claim of Amos Stoddard and Bell to the 350 arpens has been fully established by the decision of the commissioners, and the act of 1836.
If the land included in the grant to Mordecai Bell, and the survey under it in favour of Amos Stoddard, had never been located by the New Madrid speculator, or entered in the United States l.id-office, there would be, it is presumed, no doubt, after the act of 1836, of the-right of Ames Stoddard or his legal representatives to enter upon that land, and us6 the same as their fee-simpie estate and absolute property.
The question, then, that presents itself is, whether the title of Amos Stoddard and his heirsto the land surveyed for Amos Stoddard has been divested; since the date of the,survey, and between that time and the 2d July, 1836, confirming the claim under Mordecai Bell.
The defendant did not seriously, in the court below, contend that 'the title of the plaintif was not good against the United States, putting out of view the defendant's patent and the location and survey -which formed the basis of that patent. But it was insisted on the part of the defendant, that the plaintiffs were only entitled to a right of relocation' of the quantity, contained in the survey made iri favour of Amos Stoddard under Bell, because, by the second section of the act 4th July, 1836, the first section of which confirms the grant and survey of Stoddard under Mordecai Bell, it is provided, that where the land included in the confirmed claim has been entered or located, or otherwise disposed of by any act -of Congress, then the confirmee shall only be entitled to a re-location of the same quantity on any public land theretofore .authorized to be sold, and which has been actually offered, for sale and remains unsold in the state of Missouri.
The defendant then contends that the land in question 'has been

JANUA.RY TERM, 1844.

291

Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.

disposed of by the United States vithin the. terms and meaning of the sedond section of the act of 4th July, 1836i and concludes,

That, therefore, the plaintiffi cannot recover itin this action under the title by them shown.

Thus, as has been already'submitted to this court,, the question, resolves itself into this,'to wit:
Has the title of Amos Stoddard and his legal representatives to the

land in'-dispute been superseded, or "destroyed, or divested, previous

to the.4th July, 1836. If the title of Amos Stoddard under Bell was still in being on-the

4th July, 1836, it is manifest .that it must be still in being, inasmuch

as no ac of' Congress can, constitutionally, deprive a citizei of his

lawful estate in land by a mere enactment. The second section of

the act of 1836 pre-supposes that the sale or location, or other dispo-

sition of the land included in the grant confirmed by the first section,

were such sales, location, or other disposition as the act of Congress

and the law in force at this date justified:

I

This position cannot be assailed, unless by assuming the uncon Sti-

tutional doctrine that Congress could enact the destruction of a citi- -

zen's title to his land, and dispense with the action of a court and

jury.

It would seem to be exceedingly disrespectful to the Congress of

the United States to attribute to that body any such intentions;. and

not less disrespectful to this high court to imagine, that,'if Congress

so enacted or so intended to enact, this court would sustain such

spoliatory and unconstitutional legislation.

The counsel for the plaintiffs in error will, therefore, take his stand

on his above constitutional, position, and from that elevated ground

examine the defendant's title.

The title, as has been seen, consists of-

1. A New Madrid certificate issued in favour of Eustache Peltier,

for 160 acres of land.

2. A location filed in the office of the surveyor-general, at St. Louis,

by a purchaser, under Peltier, of said certificate.

3. A survey of said location, made at the instance of said -purchaser

and lodator, by the surveyor-general.

4. A patent issued to. said Eustache Peltier, and his legal repre-

sentatives, for said 160 acres, as located and surveyed, and by virtue

of said location and survey.

The counsel for the plaintiffP, for the purpose of.his argument, will.

02

SUPRE MIE COURT.

Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.

assume, as 'esadjudicata,that, itit be shown that the United States had no title to the land described in the patent to Eustache Peltier, that patent is void as against the confirmee, under the aft of 4th
July, 1836. In the case of Polk's Lessee v. Wendell, 9 Cranch Rep. 99, the
Supreme Court of thE United States lays down the doctrine, ccthat there are cases in which a grant is absolutely void, as -when the state has no title to the thing granted, or when the officer had no authority to issue the grant. In such cases, the validity of the grant is necessarily exaiiinable at law."
The facts upon which the Supreme Court decided, in Polk's case, showed that the state of North Carolina attempted to grant lands to which she had no title or authority to grant. The court therefore pronounced her patent to be void.
Ifi,n the case now before the court, the patent to Eustache Peltier and his legal representatives conveyed the land described in it, it must be because this land had been previously divested out of Amos Stoddard, under Mordecai Bell, and had become merged in the public domain, and part thereof.
If the land had not been so reunited to the public domain, it is contended, that neither Eustache Peltier nor 'his assigns could have lawfully located upon it, or have caused their location to be surveyed; or, if the location and survey were to be made on their mere demand, by the instrumentality of the surveyor-general of the United States, at St. Louis, without any discretion on his part to refuse the location and survey, the, although, strictly speaking, the location and survey were made according to the letter of the second section of the law of 1815, yet' it must have been at the risk of the locator, and those
claiming under him. The counsel for plaintiff in error will now, therefore, proceed to
demonstrate that,.at the date of the location under Eustache Peltier,
the title was not divested out of Amos Stoddard, under Bell, in the land so located, but was actually reserved from sale or disposition by the United States, until the claim to it of Amos Stoddard, under Bell, was finally passed upon by the proper authority.
It is in evidence in this case, that the claim of Amos Stoddard, under'Bell, to the land in Peltier's location hbd been duly filed long previous to the act .of 15th February, 1811. By reference to that act, section 10, (2 Story's Laws United States, p. 1178,) it will be seen that the President'of the United States was authorized, V*henever

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

293

Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.

he shall think proper, to direct so much of the publid lands," c. [Here'the counsel quoted that part of the act, which is set forth in the statement of.the case by the reporter.]
By the act of-Congress of 17th February, 1818, (3 Story's Laws, p. 1659,) sect. 3, it is provided, "that whenever the land-office shall have been established in any of the dist;icts aforesaid, (created bythe first section,) and a register and receiver of public moneys appointed for the same, the President of the United States shall be, and is hereby, authorized to direct so much of the public lands lying in such district as shall have been surveyed according to law, to be offered for sale, with, the same reservations and exceptions, in every respect, as was provided for the sale of public lands in the territory of Louisiana, by the tenth section of an act entitled, ' An act providing,' &c., being the same act above referred to."
As has been observed, it is in evidence in this case, that the land located and patented under Peltier was included" in a claim which was in due time, and according to law,- presented to the recordel, and filed in his office, and therefore was reserved specially from sale, by the acts of 1811 and 1818.
It is Mlso in evidence, fhat -the claim was actually included in a list printed and published, at the instance of the recorder at St. Louis, in pursuance of instructions froni the United-States land-department, of lhnds reserved from sale in the district of St. Louis. It was not
contended by the defendant's counsel that if the land- in dispute had constituted part of a lead-mine tract, or included, or was adjacent to, a salt-spring, or foimed part of land reserved for public schools or state seminaries, the location by Peltier's vendee could have held the land, or that.a patent could have cured the defect of the loca-
tion. Nor, as the counsel for the plaintiff understands their; argument, do
they contend that the land included in Amos Stoddard's claim was
not resdrved under the acts of 1811 and 1819. But, td get rid of the difficulty, they contend, that the words "in
the New Madrid act of 1815, section 1, -Any person or persons owning lands in the county of New Madrid, in the Missouri territory, with the extent the said county had on the tenth day of November, 1812, and whose lands have been materially injured by earthquakes, shall be, and they are-hereby authorized , to locate the like quantity of land on any of the public lands of said territory authorized to be
sold," ought to be construed to iean lands which, at any time after
2B2

294

SUPREME COURT.

Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.

the New Madrid location was made, should become public land, and
as such might be authorized to be sold. And then the counsel for defendant endeavour to show, that sub-
sequent to the date of the location under Peltier, the land did, in fhct, become public land, and might have been authorized, by the Presi-
dent of the United States, to be sold. The plaintiff's counsel will now proceed to demonstrate, in refuta-
tion of the above doctrine of the defendant, that1. The location, or the right of location, was confirmed by the act
of 1815 to the owner of the lands injured, whoever he might be at the date of the passage of the act,. and not to his assignee or vendee after the date of the act, as in the case before the court.
2. That the words in the act, "cthe sale of which is authorized by law," mean, not land the sale of which, after the location made, might be authorized by law, but land, and that, too, public land, which, in conformity to the acts of 1811 and 1818, before adverted
to, were actually authorized by the President to be sold. 3. That the land included in the claim'of Amos Stoddard, under
Bell, upon which the locations under Eustache Peltier, and also under Martin Coontz, have been made, never has become, at any time, public land authorized to be sold.
In support of our first objection, namely, that the act does not authdrize a location by an assignee whose assignment bears date subsequent to the passage of the act, the court is referred to the specific provision in the first section, which Confines the right to locate to the owner of the land injured. The court will see, by reference to the record, that the locator under the certificate to Peltier, and also to Coontz, was not the owner of the land insured at the date of the passage of the act.
It is true, that in many, perhaps most cases, those locations have been made by persons who were not the owners, but it is submitted that this practice cannot have the effect of changing a positive law, particularly when it is considered that this practice was introduced
for the benefit of mere speculators. *Itis matter of record, and we may add, of authentic history, that,
under this abiisiv practice, the New Madrid law has been perverted to the purposes of gross fraud upon the government of the United States, and to the spoliation (as in the present case is attempted) of private owners. The cbunsel for the plaintiffs in eror respectfully submit, that when the act of 1815 is sought to be cdonverted into a

JA NUARY TERM, 1844.

295

Stodddrd et al. v. Chambers.

species of penal law operating"a forfeiture as against private owners, whose titles and claims were, at the date of that act, matters ofrecord, that act ought to be construed strictly.
If the question were now between the United States and locator, there might, perhaps, be some ground for a liberal construction.. It might be contended, that the surveyor-general, who filed the location and surveyed it, being an officer and agent of the United States, his act as against his prificipal ought, if possible, to be binding. But this sort of reasoning surely cannot be endured where the question is between a total stranger to the surveyor-general and a tortious locator who, at his own risk, has thought proper to file a location calling for land not public, and not authorized to be sold, and availing himself, for manifestly tortious and unjust purposes, of the instrumentality of a purely ministerial officer.
In support of the position, that the words in the act, " the sale of which is authorized by law," must be taken to mean, 1st, public lands; 2d, lands authorized to be sold according to the provisions, and cc with the same reservations 'and exceptions in every respect," contained in the 10th section of the act of 1811, aiad in the act of1818, before referred to, the plaintiff's counsel beg to call the attention of the court to the specific terms of those two acts, and to their manifest object.
The counsel for plaintiff would also refer to the New Madrid act, in which, besides the words, "the sale of which is authorized by law," specifically provides, that "no such location shall include any lead mine or salt spring."
By those, acts of 1811 and 1818, it seems too clear for argument, that until the sectional lines were run, the president was not authorized to sell the land. The survey is directed to be made by those acts, in conformity with the established system of public surveys. The general bbject of that system is to designate, beyond all doubt, in all future time, the boundary lines and the quantity of land included within theib. The special object in Missouri was, besides, 'to ascertain the location and quantity bf all those lands reserved and excepted from sale in those acts.
It was impossible that the objects, therefore, in view could be attained without a survey having been previously made by the United
States. 'It was impossible, with any acQuracy, to ascertain the location or
quantity of mineral land-of salt-spring land. It was also impossible

296

SUPREME COURT.

Stoddard et al. v. Chaipbers.

- to know where the 16th section fell, without survey. It was equally impossible to know the ground covered by claims c duly filed with the United States recorder," without such survey.
It is manifest, that tbe act of 1815 (New Madrid act) provides for all this by requiring the location to be made, not only on public .land, but public land authorized to be sold.
By the terms of the acts of 1811 and 1818,, (and as to'lead mines and 'alt-springs, the New Madrid act itself,) a great extent of piublic lend was excepted from sale. The President had no power to proclaim such lands for sale. But the act of 1815 requires that the location be not made on -those lands. How, theih, was the locator, or the officer who filed the location to know when it. was made, whether it interfered with lands which, though public, were not to be sold?
While on this part of the subject before the court, the counsel for the plaintiff in error would refer the court to the opinions of a distinguished attorney-general of the United States, the late William Wirt. They are to be found in. the i Opinions of the Attorneys-General of the United States, from the beginning of the Government to March 1st, 1831 ;" (published under the inspection of Henry D. Gilpin, in' 1841:) In this letter of the 11th May, 1820, to the secretary of the treasury, (page 263,) Mr. Wirt says: 1st, That " the act attaches no assignable quality to the charify it bestows," or -to make those charities a subject of speculation ;" 2d, That "cit was not the intention of Congress, in authorizing the sufferers' to locate the like quantity of land on any of the public lands of the said territory which is authorized by law,' to change or affect in any meiner that'admirable system of location by squares, which had been so studiously adopted in relation to all the territories."
In his letter of the 19th June, 1820, (page 273,) Mr. Wirt specifically gives it as his opinion; that the sale is not authorized by law until the sectional lines are run, and consequently all locations previously made by those su'fferers (New Madrid) are unauthorized.
The counsel for the plaintiff in error'begs leave to refer.to those letters of Mr. Wirt, as strongly in support of the objection taken to the location in this case, because of its having been made by an "assignee. It does not app6ar that the person 'who signed the locatidns filed in this case with the surveyor, had any power of attorney so to do. He acted for himself and for his.own benefit, and not for that of the csufferer." The opinion of Mr. Wirt as to the necessity

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

297

Stodd.ard et aL v. Chambers.

of a previous survfey of the township, is clear and explicit, and, besides, has been assented to by Congress.
By the act of 26th April, 1822, it is enacted, by section 1, " that - the locations heretofore made, of warrants issued under the act of the
15th February, 1815, if made in pursuance of that act in other respects, shall be perfected into grants. in -like xiaanner as if they conformed to the sectional or quarter sectional lines of the public surveys ;" and by section 2, " That hereafter holders and locators of warrants shall be bound, in locating them, to.conform to sectional lines as nearly as the llespectivequantities will admit."
The above act would not have been necessary if. Mr. Wift's opinion was not adopted by Congress, or if it had been erroneous. The act was obtained, as many acts unfortunately haie been, to suit the purpose of speculators, and -to cure defects in their locations.
This act, however, cannot.operate beyond its import and terms. It cannot make a location valid against a private owner, when, in its origin it was void. The-only effect that, according to principles of sound justice and jurisprudence, ought to be given to this act, is merely to make good a location and survey, notwithstanding that it did not originally, or did not at date of the act, coincide with sectional lines. But it is contended by plaintiff's counsel that; when-ever it shall appear that the location in other respects did not conform to the terms of the act, it shall not become available'under the above act.
Mr. Wirt, in his above opinion, only adverted to one object in view of Congress, but he might also, with equal propriety, have urged the necessity of survey, in order to ascertain the location and quality of those public and private lands which were excepted or reserved from sale, and which could not be ascertained until the
.public surveys had been made, returned, and approved. _ . As has been observed, it is in evidence in this case, that the sur-
veys of-the-township in which the land in dispute is situated were not returned till 1822, and that, at the date of those locations under Peltier and Coontz, respectively, no survey at all had been made by the United States
The court is also referred to the opinion of the attorney-general, Wirt, in his letter of the 10th October, 1825,'-(p. 558,) which is adverse to the legality of locations on land included in a claim duly filed. Mr. Wirt, it will be seen in this letter, refers, in aid of hi' 9pirfion, to an official letter, dated 10th June, 1820, of the then.
VoL. IL-38

298

SUPREME COURT

Stoddard et aj. v. Chambers.

secretary of the treasury, Mr. Crakford. The construction, put by Mr. Wirt upon the word, c thesale of which is authorized by law," in the act 'of 18]5, has been adopted by the United States' land department and has been ieiterated in divers letters and opinions of the solicitor of the United States' land-office, pd by the attorney-
general of the United States. For'the opinion of Attorney-General Butler, the court is referred
to (c Opinions," page 119P,) the letter of the attorney-general, of 11th August, 1839, in which he adopts the views of Mr. Wirt, and in this very case of Mordecai Bell useg these words: "In the case of Mordecai Bell, whose claim.to 350 arpens is confirmed by the act of. July 4, 1836, I am of opinion, that the tract of six acres and twenty-eight hundredths, included in the survey, and previously confinied by the old board of commissioners, must be regarded as clearly held .by a prior title; but that Bell's claim will be valid for the residue, notwithistanding- the survey includes two tracts located, and another patented, under th.e New Madrid law. These cases must -stand on the same ground as those noticed in the case of Mackay, because the lands embraced in the act of 1836 wert equally reserved from sale."
The above Opinions, though, not judicial authorities, are referred to in aid of the humble argument of the plaintiff's counsel, and, in particular, are referred to as repelling any conclusion that may be drawn iifavour of those locations, from what has been (very erroneously, as it is conceived) denominated-contemporaneous construction and practice.
Th6se opinions of the law officers of the United States, of the commissioner of the general land-office, and of the secretary of the treasury, can alone be referred to, to ascertain the construction that was
in fact- given to the New Madrid law. The acts done under that law in Missoar- were ex parte, and interested acts, or purely ministerial acts done by an officer whom the law rendered a mere insteument
of the locator. Acts of this sort can claim no respect as demonstrating contemporaneous construction, or as establishing a lawful custom.
The court will see, on reference, to the second section of the New
Madrid law, that1. The recorder was bound to issue the certificate on the oath or
affirmation of a competent witness, that any person was entitled to a tract under the provisions of the adt:,
2. That, upon such certificate being issued, and the location made,

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

299

Stoddard et al. v.. Chambers.

on the application of the claimants, it was made the duty of the principal deputy-surveyor to cause the survey'to be made.thereof, and to return a plat of each location to the recorder.
3. That the recorder was directed to record the location and plat in his office, and was to receive from the claimant the sum of two dollars for receiving ptoof, issuing the certificate, and recording the plat as aforesaid.
4. By section 3, the recorder was obliged to issue a patefit certificate to the claimant.
5. The executive of the United. States was bound, upon the exhibition of the patent certificate, to issue the patent.
Thus, in each of those five stages of the locator's title, the locator or claimant is "actor reus, etjudex."1
He rst designates the land by his location, which designation was filed as of course. He then demands a suirvey of that location, which
the surveyor.general is obliged to make. He then demands, upon the strength of the location iad survey, a patent certificate; and, armed with this certificate, he proceeds to Washington city, and demands his patent, which by the'terms of the third section of the act, the executive of the United States is bound to give him.
It is true, that Mr. Wirt, in his letter of the tenth of October, 1825, gives it as his opinion, that the issuing of the patent was not so purely ministerial an act as to dispense with, on the part of the President, all consideration of the location and survey on which it was founded.; and therefore opposed the issuing of a patent to Mr. Bates, whodemanded, it under the provisions of the NewMadrid act. for land included in a claim duly filed, or which was thin before a cou'rt of competent jurisdiction: but this opinion of Mr. Wirt, although .the department was not in favour of the New Madrid location, does not appear to have prevented the issuing of the patent; doubtless, because the executive considered the act too imperative, or that, as a ministerial officer, he preferred to leave the whole question of title, as between the New Madrid, locator and the claimant, to be decided by a court of justice. In this view, it would, perhaps, be difficult to establish - that the executive of t.e United States was in
error. Having thus endeavoured, it is hoped satisfactorily, tq demonstrate,
that the whole of the proceedings on which- the patent to-Eustache
Peltier was based wbre not oply not in pursuance of the New Madrid law, but in direct violation of it, the counsel for the plaintiff in error'

800

SUPREME COURT.

Stoddard et aL v. Chambers.

submit, as a logical and legal conclusion, that those proceedings, and a patent based on them, could not, in the least degree, weaken the claim of the plaintiff under Mordecai Bell, or divest the title, -whatever it was, which at the date of the New Madrid act was in
Bell and his legal representatives. It has beeii urged at bar in the court below, on behalf of the
defendant, and may be reiterated before the Supreme Court, that, admitting, for- argument's sake, that the location was not good and valid at-its date, it yet has become so'by operation of certain acts of Congress, and that therefore the claimant under Bell can at most be entitled to a re-locatiQn under the second section of the act of 1836, under which he contends that his claim is confirmed. It has been strenuously argued, that he must take the title or the confirmation cum onere, or not at all ;--that be cannot control the mode in which Congress has thought proper to extend their charity towards him, nor escape from the conditions undE r which that charity has been. bestowed. The counsel for the plaimiff might retort this argument on the defendant. Surely, if the claimant under a Spanish"grant and surey'be chargedwith mendicancy at the door of Congress, the New
Madrid sufferer has, afortiori,had charity-absolute alms, bestowed upon 'him. Surely it is he that must be bound by the strict terms and conditions of the gift, and not seek to enlarge it at the expense either of the United States or of private proprietors. There is nothing in the position of the defendant, who rather represents a New
Madrid speculator than.a New Madrid ,,sufferer," to call for any liberality of construction in his favour, especially when that liberality
is avowed to.be called for in order to effect a fQrfeiture, as against a party whose original right to his land has been solemnly recognised, first, by a board of commissioners, and afterwards by the Congress of the United States.
This argument of the defendant's counsel assumes as proved, what we contend has nb existence, namely, that the land included in
the claim*of Amos Stoddard, under Mordecai Bell, confirmed by the act of 4th July, 1836, has been sold, located, or disposed of, accord? ing to law. If it has not been so c disposed of," it is manifest, that the confirmation by the first section of the act of 1836, carries the whole title, and that the second section of that act has no application, no subject-matter, to operate on.
We come now to the ground above adverted to, as taken by defendant's counsel, namely, that the location, though not good when

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

301

Stoddard et al. v, Chambers.

made, has become good by operation of certain acts of Congress on the claim of the plaintiff, and the land included in it.
The counsel for defendant; in support of this position, referred to the acts of May 26, 1.24, May 26, 1826, and May 24, 1828.
They contend, that,. by the 5th section of the act of 1824, Va
claim to land within the purview of that act, which shall not be brought before that court,or through neglect or delay of the claimant, *shallnot be prosecuted to a final decision -within three.years, shall be for ever barred, both at la* and in equity; and no other action at common law, or proceeding in equity, shall ever thereafter be sustained in any court whatever in relation to said claims."
To this, the plaintiff replies, that this section of the act of 1824 (renewed, as we admit, by fte acts of 1826 and 1828) can have no bearing wliatever on 'the plaintiff's case or claim.
1. Because this section could not react on the proceeding, under the New Madrid law, and render legal and valid a location and survey that were void ab initio.
2. That the section, if it ever could operate to exclude the plaintiff in his claim from a court of justide, has been repealed by Congress, and the plaintiff remitted to- all his Tight aidtitle- under the grant to Bell, by the acts of 1832 and 1833, which authorized him to place his claim before a board, in the same state of'vitality and
vigour in which it was when first filed with the recorder.3. That the act of 4th July, 1836, has confirmed the claim and
recognised it as entitled to protection by the treaty, and good and valid to all intents and purposes.
This third reason, brings us to the paramount character of the
plaintiff's title; and, it is respectfully submitted, exhibits it as a titl6 which.Congress could not violate, even if they had so declared their intention to do,
The commissioners under the acts'of 1832 and 1833 accompaiied their decisions on the respective cases with a very full report and exposition of their views of the claims and titles which they were authorized to take under consideration, and the principles upon which their classification wais made.
The principles thus laid down, by those commissioners, have not only been sanctioned by the act of Congress of the 4th July, 1836; but have been affirmed by the Supreme Court of the United States. In their report of the 31st September, 1835, the commissioners parr
ticularly refer to the case of Chouteau v. United States, and also to

302

SUPREME CQURT.

Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.

the case of Delassus, under Deluzieres v. United States. The commissioners, in their report of 1833, adopted the'principle, that when the grant, or the grant and survey, created a right of property, the
claim ought to be placed in the first- class as entitled to confirmation. In their second -report of 1836, they reiterate this doctrine, and refer to the Supreme Court of the United States in support of it. They cite the very words of this court in the above cases. "cIn the first case," say they, "cthe Supreme Court lays it down that 'orders of
survey, made by the lieutenant-governor of Upper Louisiana, are the foundation of title, and are capable of bein'g perfected into complete titles; that they are property capable of being alienated; and is, as such, to be held as sacred and inviolate as other property.'" They also cite the language of the Supreme Cburt in the former case of Delassus v. United States, as follows: cc The right of property is prbtected and secure& by the treaty; and no principle is better settled in this country, than that an inchoate title to land is property. independent of treaty stipdlations, this right would be held sacred. The sovereign who acquires an inhabited territory, acquires full dominion over it; but this -dominion is never 'supposed to divest the vested rights of individuals to property. The language of the treaty ceding Louisiana excludes every idea 9f interfering with private property; of transferring lands which have been severed from the royal domain."
The question of the inviolability of the right of Amos Stoddard, under Mordecai Bell, is-settled by the highest possible'authority, legislative and judicial. It follows, as a clear consequence, that the New Madrid law ought to receive such a construction as is consistent with the above view of Congress and of the Supreme Court. It has been endeavoured to be shown, that, by a fair interpretation of the New Madrid act, no collision could take place between it and the treaty of cession on those principles, -which, as, the Supreme Court observes, independent of the treaty, would have protected the property of the plaintiffs in error; but it is respectfully, and confidently
also, contended, that if the terms of the New Madrid act, or any other act of Congress, specifically purported to annul, or to violate the right of the plaintiffs, thoseAerms must be disregarded, as uncon-
stitutional.
It is not supposed, by plaintiff's counsel, -that the merits'of the claim of Stoddard, under Bell,. can now become the subject of re-
examination as against the United States, and with reference to the

JANUARY TERMS 1844.

303

Stoddard -et aL v. Chamb'ers.

validity of that claim when it was filed with the recorder. All that has been already passed on and settled in favour of the claim. The proceeding under the New Madrid law, pa~sed in 1815, can. have no bearing on the original merits of a claim filed under an act of Congress passed in 1805. It would seem that the counsel for the defendaiit have abandoned the objection to original validity of plaintiff's title, inasmuch as the instructions asked for by the defendant, and given by the Circuit Court, are predicated on the patent to Eustache Peltier, ara'on the'location under Coontz. The przmn fade title of the plaintiffwas not seriously disputed.
In addition to what has been already submitted by plaintiff's counsel, on the subject of Peltier's patent, and the -grounds on which it may-be successfully avoided in an action of ejectment, much more might be said, drawn as well from the decisions of this court as from
the doctrine in England on the subject of royal grants of land. The court must be well aware, that in England a king's grant may be got rid of, -byshowing that, at the date of it the king had no title. It is contended, on behalf of plaintiff in error, that this doctrine should be, &fortiori,the law of the United States. The President of the United States is, as respects public land, a pureV ministerial officer; whereas the title td public lands in England is vested in the king. There is no law, at least the counsel for plaintiff i error have'not been'able to find one, which iinparts to a patent for land any peculiar virtue, or any greater efficacy in operation than that of an ordinary deed of quitclaim, signed, sealed, and delivered by an attorney in fact for and in the name of his principal. The 6ounsel for the plaintiff iif error, while they admit that a Unite d States' Iand-patent constitutes a prim4 faci title, and th~t a party cannot at law get behind it, aid *avoid it on. the ground of irregularity 'in te previous formalities, do respectfully contend, that, when the proceedings on which the patent is founded are -utterly void, or where it is shown that the United States had no estate in the land, or no right'to, grant the land, the primfacie case made by the patent is rebutted.-
In conclusion, the counsel submit that-!1. .It appears from the record, that the -l aintiffs in error claim a right, title, and estate, under a confirmation of a grant and survey vested in them as heirs-at-law of Amos Stoddard. 2. That their right and title is protected and consummated by treaty, and by'act of Congress. 3. That the decision of the Circuit Court of the United States

804

SUPREME COURT.

Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.

has been against their title, so derived, guaanteed, and consummated.
4. That this decision of the Circuit Court of the United States is erroneous, and ought to be reversed.

Jones, for-the defendants in error, said he would inquire,
First, As to the instrument by which the plaintiffs attempt to connect the title of Amos Stoddard with the original title (whatever it was) of Mordecai Bell, under the concession from the Spanish governor of Upper Louisiana; 'and, upon which instrument necessarily depended any sbrt of right, at law or equity, in Stoddard to claim the rights vested in Bell by that concession.
This instrument purports to.be executed by one Richard Caulk, styling himself syndic of the district of 'St. Andrews, and certifying that Mr. Bell was present before him, &c. It is produced as a record, upon its own authority. It cannot be set up as a private act; it is enough to say, that it is actually brought forward as a record. If so,.it is invalid, unless it possesses the necessary requisites. Article 1132, of the Civil Code of Louisiana, changes the common law in this respect, and says, that an act not authentic from defect of form, &c., may avail as a private paper, if signed by the party. In 10 Louisiana Rep. 304,.there is the case of a mortgage signed by a married woman, and sor-e of the witnesses did not see her sign. The court set it aside, bdcause it was pioduced as an authentic act. See, also, article 2233, adverted to in the case in 5 Martin, N. S. 68, 69. The distinction between authentic acts and private writings is shown in Partidas, title 18, p. 222, 235.
All the decisions of this court in Florida cases, show that persons must prove the authenticity of the paper under which they claim, and that local laws must be proved below, as foreign laws.
The office of syndic is explained in 6 Peters, Strother v. Lucas: he was only a subordinate police officer.
.The preface to the translation of the Partidas, p, 20, shows that a proclamation of O'Reilly established syndics. There -is no evidence in the case that they acted as notaries. I
As to powers of comiandants, see 3 Maftin,'115. If this is not valid as an authentic paper, will the lapse of time make it so, as a private paper? It is-true, that time is of great value in sustaining the muniments of title, where the property has been for a long time efijoyed: but in this case, the party who claims under this instru-
ment never was in possession.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.-

305

Stoddard et aL v. Chambers.

Secondly. As to Mordecai Bell's claim, which was confirmed by

the board of commissioners on the 8th' June, 1835, the plaintiffs, in

their statement, say it was that identical claim which had been filed

by Soulard with the recorder of land-titles, on the 29th June, 1808,

laid before the board for their action, and rejected by them on the

10th October, 1811;, as if the first decision against" the claim had

been subject to some condition or reservation, that kept the claim

alive during all the twenty-four intervening 'years, and still pend-

ing before the board, for their further consideration and final decision.

This is a clear mistake. 'Mordecai Bell's claim was never filed

with the recorder of land-titles, nor was it ever laid before the board

for adjudication, till Maxzh 30, 1835; near nineteen years after

Peltier's location, seventeen years after his survey, and two years

and eight months after his patent; sixteen' years and ten months after

Coontz's location, and sixteen years and eight .mnths after his, sur-

vey. It was Amos Stoddard's claim alone, as assignee of Mackay,

the pretended assignee of Bell, that was filed by Soulard, on the

29th June, 1808, with the recorder of land-titles; and definitively

rejected by the commissioners, on the 10th October, 1811; and

which, ever since that time to the commencement of the present

action, a period of twenty-eight years, had lain quiet and silent

under a jitdicial condemnation, unconditional and absolute in its

terms:--final in its effect. . But the.claims of assignees and 'grantees are very different. An

assignee, as such might establish his claim before the commissioners,

who might, very properly, have confirmed the claim of Bell, as ori-

ginal grantee, without at all recognising the chain of title by which

it is alleged that the present claimants hold Bell's right. In such a

case, the plaintiffs would have no title; -and the facts in this case

leave it entirely doubtful, whether the commissioners did not intend

so to decide. 10 Peters-, 334; 6 Peters, 766.

What title did Bell acquire under the Spanih concession? He

is called a grantee, but there was no land described by netes and

br-',nds.. The concession was nothing but an ordar of survey,.but

nL ate vested. 12 Wheat. 599; 6 Peters, 200.

On 10th March, 1804, Spanish authority ceased, and that al" the.

steps to acquire title were taken after that time. On the 29th of May,

1804, Bell conveyed the concession to Mac-ay, but the Spanish law

had then entirely ceased. A survey, made by private, authority,

after the change of flags, is void. 10 Peters, 234.

VOL. 1-39

2c 2

$OG

SUPREME COURT.-

Stoddard et al. v.Chambors.

Thirdly. As to the supposed confirmation of M. Bell's claim, itsef, by the act of Congress of the 4th July, 1836, the plaintiff; produced no evidence whatever, of that claim's being among "cthe decisions in favour of land-claimants, laid before Congress by the commissioner of the general land-oifice," prior to the passing of that act; unless they rely on presuming that fact from another fact, certi"fied on the 27th March, 1840, by F. R. Conway, recorder of landtitles in'the state.of Missouri; namely, that -'said claim was included in the transcript'of favourable decisions transmitted by the recorder of land-titles, and.the two commissioners associated with him, to the commissioner of the geheral land-office."
The title alleged by-the plaintiffs,,as it appears on their own showing, is held utterly viciou' and untenable; and if the defendant were stripped of all right and title, still the full right and title to the land in question would remain in the United States, without aiysort of right in the plaintiffs to claim the land, either at law.o'r equity. In support of this,proposition, the following objections to the plantifit' title are held demonstrative and insuperable.
1st. The pretefded act of sale and exchange from Bell to Mackay was utterly inoperative and void ab initib;. and therefore the commissioners were fully sustained by the law ind the fact of the case when they decided, as they must have decided, since they rejected Stoddard's claim and admitted Bell's, that Stoddard had failed to make out any valid claim in himself, derived through Mackay from Bell; andit is a fair if not a necessary presumption, under all the circumstaeces, that the specific defect, for which his derivative claim was rejected by the commissioners, was found in this broken link in the chain by which he attempted to connect his claim with the original title of Bell.
This instrument, throughout its whole frame and tenor, and in the
manner of its execution, pursues, the form and claims the authenticity annd efct of a "public or authentic act" executed under official sanction, and equivalent- to record evidence, as contradistinguished from a " private writing," to be proved in the ordinary way. Like all such acts, it speaks in the name and character of the officer who -executed it, not of the parties. It -was produced as such an act; - as'an act that c proves itself;" that is " full proof" in itself, without any proof of execution in the ordinary way. It must, therefore, be shown to be the very thing, ft professes and is claimed to be, or nothing; failing as an authentic act, it cannot, according to^ the known

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

80,

Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.

laws of Louisiana, be set up as a private writing, nor was it attempted to be so set up.
The validity and effect of this instrument wholly depends on the lekal competeficy of R. Caulke styling himself syndic of a district; to execute an authentic act in relation to contracts, and the're is nothing to show, either that he was, such syndic as he describes himselfj or, being such, that he had any authority,.in virtue of that office, to execute authentic acts. On the contrary, from all that is known of the office of a iyndic, 'he was merely a municipal police officer, bf very subordinate authority and functions; and is clearly excluded from every description of officer ever recognised by'the laws and customs of Louisiana as having authority to execute'such acts.
2d. But 'whatever maybe now thought or said of the intrinsic force and effect of.the instrument, if it were-res integra, the decision of the commissioners against Stoddard's claim (unreversed and unquestioned as it' has stood for so many years) is conclusive against the title xnow set up by the plaiitifs.
3d. If there had been.no decision- of the commissioners against
the claim, it'would have been equally beyond the cognisance of the court. No title derived from an imperfect Spanish grant, like that to Bpl, could be set up, or in any manner recogxiised in any court of the United States', of of any state, till it had passed-the tests provided -by the. acts of Congress; that is, till confirmed, first by 'the commissioners, then by Congress, and then re,,larly located and identified. by survey, and lastly carried out into grant by a patent from the United States.
4th. Whatever-title,,whethdr an inchoate or a complete legal title, be vested by the decision of the commissioners, the confirmation of that decision by Congress, and the subsequent s irvey locating and identifying- the land- to which the claim'was so confirmed, thatitle was vested in Bell exclusively,
But it is said by the uunsel on the other side, that the deed of exchange between Bell and Mackay is a mutual warranty, which is aif estoppel, and 'that an estoppel will qupport an ejectment., tut this is not a case of estoppel, which is binding only on the donor and his heirs. If one makes a deed -when he -has no title and' afterwards acquires one, he is estopped; but if he acquires a lesser estate
than he uas conveyed, there is'no estoppel.- 4 Cruise's Digest, 271,
sect. 58, New Yokk edition 9f 1834; 4 Kentzs Commentaries, 98, 260, 261, 8' Barn, and Cres.'497.

808

SUPREME COURT.

Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.

In 1804, the assignee stood in the place of the original grantee, and had only a right to acquire land. What, then, is the warranty in the exchange? Only that the warrantor will not cliim contrary to the, grant; he does not warrant that the grantee shall have the land, because he could not warrant the faith of the Spanish or American government. 2 Barn. and Ad. 278.
The act of Congress interferes with the estoppel. As to the effect
of aii act of Parliament upon an estoppel, see 2 T. R. 169. 5th. Even Bell's claim is in no way shown to have been included
in "cthe decisions in favour of land-claimants," which are referred to in the act of Congress of July 4, 1836, as.being within its purview, and which are to be identified by reference- aliunde.
II. The title vested in Bell himself is but inchoate and incomplete, and wholly incompetent to support the action of ejectment. The legal estate in fee, if not vested in the defendant, still remains in the United States.
.Asto the title of the plaifitiffs, if they cpuld set up any derivative claim under Bell; if they could establish -the validity of the intermediate assignments under which they attempt to derive their claim from Bell; and if the Circuit Court cold have taken original cognisance of any title so derived, and not .having passed the tests aforesaid, (each and every of which hypotheses we deny,) still the plaintiffs show nothing more than an equitable right to call the legal estate out of Bell's hands, if such legal estate be vested in him, or otherwise to affect and appropriate such inchoate title as may be found vested in
-him.
III. As to the two objections taken.to the defendant's title Objection 1. That the locations and surveys of Peltier and Coontz were on lands not then for sale. Answer. The description of the lands oh which the entries and locations of the New Madrid land-warrants were allowed, was not limited to lands offered for sale, bilt to such lands as were not reserved from sale by the land laws of the United States. Objection 2. That a claim for the land in dispute, under the Spanish grant or concession to Bell, was' already before the commis-
sioners for adjudication when those entries and locations were made, and so *ithin the" express exception of the act of Congress which authorized such entries and locations
Answer 1st. The claim before the commissioners was for no particular tract of land, ,distinguished by metes and bounds,.or other-

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

809

Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.

wise, from the mass of.public lands subject to the claim but simply for 350 arpens'of land: to be afterwards duly laid off and surveyed. The survey by Stoddardiin 1808, was wholly unauthorized, and void; and if he took any possession of the land so surveyed, it was but, a naked and tortious possession of so much of the public lands. No special location of the land so claimed could be pretended till it came to be officially surveyed, May 26, 1837, " in conformity, as it is said, with the decision of the late board of. commissionersi and il virtue, of the confirmation thereof by the act of Congress'approved on
the .4thJuly, 1836." Answer 2d. No claim for the land in dispute, or for any other
land under the Spanish concession to Bell, was before the commissioners, either at the inception or consummation of the two titles vested in the defendant, and derived from Peltier and Coontz; nor till the lapse of many years thereafter, when Bell's claim was first laid before the board, in March, 1835. As to Stoddard's claim, it had been definitively rejected by the board six years before the very inception of those titles by the New Madrid land-warrants, and has never been, foran instant, sub judice, since its final rejection by the board in Octoler, 1811, till the comxfiencement of this suit.

Ewing, for the plaintiffs in error, and in reply.
We contend that -the plaintiffi have the better title, and ought to have recovered against both the patent of Peltier, and the survey of Coontz.
The claim of Mordecai Bell was duly filed with, the recorder of land-titles-for the proper district on the 29th of June, 1808, pursuant to the provisions of the act of March' 2d, 1805, ch. 86, sect. 4, and the act of April 21st, 1806, ch. 39, sect. 3, and the act of March 3d, 180.7, ch. 91, sect. 5.
The concession was good. It is settled' that Delassus had a right to grant. Land Laws; 542; 9 Peters, 146.
The defendant cannot no* go behind, the confirmation by the cqommissioners and by Congress. The, claim was. guarantied by treaty,. and although no survey had taken place, Congress indirectly required us to make it. The act of March 2, 1805, ch. 86, directs, all grantees from the Spanish government, including orders of survey, to file a plat, &c. It is true that there was no public survey made under the authority of Congress, for there was no public officer to'do it. Soulard, -who calls himself surveyor-general, was not so under

310

SUPREME COURT.

Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.

the authority of the United States. Thi is admitted. But he was recognised by existing legal authorities. He was the most proper man to make a private survey, which he did. The Supreme Court of Missouri has held his to be semi-official acts. There are hundreds of cases in the reports of te commissioners of surveys by this same man, and the commissioners took from his records a transcript for their own governmetit. This claim is confirmed as having been surveyed. The act of 3d March, 1807, ch. 101, sect. 1 to 5, saves Spanish claims. In 1808, the commissioners refused to confirm this claim, but Congress continued to pass other laws, and no -laim was considered to befitally disposed of because it was refused. This one remained on file until Congress should pass upon it.
By the act of February 15th, 1811, ch. 1, sect. 10, it is enacted, "cThat till after .the decision of Congress thereon, no tract of land shall be offered for sale, the claim to which has been in due time and -according to law presented to the recorder of land-titles in the dis-, trict- of Lousiana, and filed, in his office, for the purpose. of being investigated by the commissioners appointed for ascertaining the rights of persons claiming lands in the territory of Louisiana." The same provision is contained in the act -f March 3d, 1811, ch. 113, sect. 10, and it is referred to and continued iii the act of February 17, 1818, ch. 11, sect. 3.
The act of March 26th, 1824, ch. 173, which provides for the trial of Spanish claims in the district courts, and the supplementai-y act of May 24th, 1828, ch. 92, superseded and suspended this saving from the 26th day of May, 1829, until.it was revived by the act of July 9, 1832, ch. 180, sect. 3.
As to our title before the confirmation. The concession was in 1800, the assignment in 1804, the survey in1806, which shows all the papers to have been in the hands of the surveyor. In 1808, Stoddart filed his claim before the commissioners.- By the Spanish law the delivery of papers is equivalent to the delivery of the land itself. But the deed is formal enough. It was not the public act of a notary, but that was not'necessary. One mode of conveyance is for a notary with two others to summon the parties before him and make up a.record, which is itself a transfer of title; but another mode is by the party signing a deed. TheSpanish laws are not accurately carried out in remote countries. Even in our distant settlements, a record is sometimes made up partly by parol. In 1769, O'Reilly says there were no lawyers in the cotintry except

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

811

Stoddard et at. v. Chambers.

at New Orleans. In 1802, there were no notaries except at the same place. The people had been transferred often from one power to another, and must have been uncertain sometimes to whom they. belonged. They executed deeds before any high officer whom they could find. Moralez implies that commandants might -take acknowledgments of deeds. The syndic was next in authority to the cdm-. mandant, with whom he acted sometimes as judge. 2 Land Laws,, 204, 210, index.
By comparing O'Reilly, 2, 5, 12, with Moralez, 4, 5, 15, it will appear that the syndic was. a judicial officer. The-Partidas says that proof must be given that the officer was a public onel unless after a long lapse of time. In the preface to the Partidas, the syndic is mentioned after the alcaldes and before the attorney-general. If, .therefore, the deed from Bell'was not exactly in a regular form, it was in the customary way.
The claim was prosecuted by Stoddard and not Bell until it was rejected. But this decision was not final, as the act of 183.2, ch. 180, (4 Story, 2305,) authorized the comnissioners to proceed on. all rejected claims standing on the records of the former'commissioners, with or without a fresh- presentation. The claim was confirmed to Bell or his legal representatives. Ten or twelve other. cases are just in the same way. Senate Doc. for 1835-6, vol. 2, doc. 16, pp. 7, 15, 33, 69. In these cases the claim is made by the assignee, and the confirmation is to the original party or to his legal r'epresentatives. As to the meaning of this expression, see 12 Peters, 458, Strother and Lucas. -
Bell is estoppea, or rather rebutted from saying that the confirmation. is not to Stoddard, for he ha."conveyed to. Stoddard with warranty, which amounts to an estoppel. Co. Litt. 174a, 384b; 12 Johnson, 201; 13 Johnson, 316; 14 Johnson, 193; 1 Miss. Rep. 217. Title by estoppel is sufficient to maintain an ejectment. 1 Salkeld, 216; 2 Lord Rayni. 1554; 6 Mod. 257, 259, same ease as Salkeld, 3 P. W)-372.
Bell's deed is sufficiently proved before this court, hecause it was not objected- to below. No one can allege an outstanding title.in Bell, because he could not do so for himself
,This case, therefore, came within the acts of Congress which have been mentioned, and this. land was reserved from sale. Congress looked only to the 'fact that the claim was legally ied, and not to the validity of the'claim itself. Between 1829 and 1832, when the

812-

SUPREME COURT.

Staddard et al. v. Chambers.

reervation was withdraivn, entries werd made and have been sustained by courts in Missouri. But these defendants did' nothing in this interval. It is the same case as B6beani and the Fort a Chicago. The land was reserved and the entry was void. See opinions of the law-officers of the government in the following volumes: " Opinions and Instructions," part 2, p. 12, sect. 3; p. 16, sect. 15; p. 25, sect. 23; p. 29, sect, 30. "cOpinions of Attorney-General," Gil-
pin's Compilation, p. 1200, for the opinion of Mr. Butler, examining this very claim, datdd August .8, 1838.
That a confirmation is a grant of the legal title, see 12 Peters,'454. The defendant claims title under the act of February 17th, 1815, ch. 198, whish .authorizes a sufferer by earthquakes, in the county of New Madrid, having obtained his certificate to locate it " on any .pui1ic land of the territory, the~sale of which is authorized by law." At the time of the locations of Peltier and Coontz, the sale of the land which they located was not authorized by law.
1lst. ,Because the land was not surveyed, as it must.be, before the sale was authorized; but if this be cured by the act of April 26,
1822, ch. 40. . 2d. Because it was specially reserved. from sale to abide the final decision 6f Congres on the claim of Mordecai Bell, which was duly filed, dnd then not finally decided by Congress. * The -law-reserving this land from sale was in full force at the time of the locations. and surveys'of both Peltier and, Coontz, and also at the "timeof issuing the'patent'to Peltier.
The act of July 4th,. 1836, ch. 361, -which confirms the claim of. Bell,' also enacts, " that if it shall be found that -any tract or tracts confirmed as aforesaid, or any part there6f had been previously located by. any other person or persons under any law of the United States, or had been surveyed and sold by he United States, this act shall confer,no title to such land in opposition to the rights acquired 'by
such location or purchase." We contend that the location, "under any law," must be a loca-,
tion authoi.zed by such law. That this locatioji was not so authorized, but, on the contrary, forbidden; that no rights were acquired by such location; and that, therefore, the saving does not protect the
defexrdant's claim. Wilcox v. Jackson, 13 Peters, 510, 511, 513. 'As to the mode of proceeding, we contend: That the act of July 4th, 1836, is a grant, and confers a complete
legal title on Bell, or his legal representatives. It is ; confirmation'

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

918

Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.

of a title before imperfect; that an action of ejectment may be sus. tained upon it on general principles. Rutherford v. Green's heirs, 2 Wheat. 196, 205; 12 Peters, 454.
And especially by the laws of Missouri. Revised Code of 1835.
13 Peters, 441, in note.
That the patent to Peltier .having issued against law, for land reserved from location and sale, it is void. '13 Peters, 511.
If there was no incipient right, the patent does not vest a title.
1 Wash. C. C. Rep. 113, case of Alton Wood, 1 Rep. 45. That the plaintiffs having a valid legal title, the inception of which
was prioi to that.of defendant, and which is the better title, it will overcome the elder patent at law. Ross v. Doe, ex demi of Barland, 1 Peters, 662; Bagnell v. Brodrick, 13 Peters, 450, 454.
This point does not arise in that part of the case which depends-
upon the location and-certificate of Coontz.

Mr. Justic6 McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.

This case is from the Circuit Court of Missouri, and was .broughthere by a writ of error.

The plaintiffs brought an action of ejectment for 350 arpens of 'land, situated near St. Louis.. Their-title was founded ona concession by Delassus, lieutenant-governor, to0Mordecai Bell, the 29th of

January, 1800. Bell-conveyed. the same to James Mackay, the 29th of May, 1804, and on the 26th September, 1805, he conveyed to Amos Stoddard; A plat and certificate of the survey-were certified, and recorded by Antoine Soulard, as surveyor-general, the 29th of

January, 1806. The above papers were presented to tie tecorder of the dishict of
3t.. Louis, the 29th of June, 1808. And the claim was duly filed with the board of commissioners for their action thereon, who, on the 10th of October, 1811i rejected it. But dflerwardN, on the 8th of June, 1835, the board decided that 350 arpens .of land -ought to be coznfrmed, to the said Mordecai Bell, or his legal representatives, according to the survey. And on the 4th of July, 1836, an act of Congress was passed, confirming the decision of the commissioners.

The land as'surveyed as confirmed. The plaintiffs proved the death of Amos Stoddard, before the suit was commenced, and that they are his heirs-at-law. The defendant was proved to be in pos-
session of forty-eight acres 'and eigHty-four hundredths of the land in controversy;one acre and-sixty-three hundredths of which were in-the

VoL. I.--40

2D

314

SUPREME COURT.

Stoddard et a]. v. Chambers.

location and survey of Martin Coontz, and the residue within the
-patent of Plder. The title of the defendant was founded on an entry made by ]eel-
tier of 160 acres of land, by virtue-of a New Madrid certificate, on the 24th of October, 1816. A survey of the entry was made-.in March, 1818, and a'patent to Peltier was issued the 16th of Julyi832. .Possession has. been held under this title since 1819. The
title wdas conveyed to the defendant. On the 929th of May, 1818, an entry was made, which authorized
the survey of Coontz..but.no patent has been issued on it. The townshiip in which the above tract is situated was surveyed in
1817, 181.8, find-1819, and. was examined in 1822.' Since 1804, a certain mound on the land has been called Stoddard's mound. - In
1823 the proclamation of the' President, published at St. Louis, directed the lands in the above township to be.offered at public'sale.
On the above evidence the court instructed the jury, 1. "That the "plaintiffs were not entitled to -recover the land.
embraced in Peltier's patent. '2.. That they were not entitled. to recover the land embraced in
-Coontz's survey. The .decision of this controversy mainly depends on the construc-
tion of certain acts of Congress. By the act of the 2d -of March, 1805, -1Prsons xeskiing in the teritary of.Orleans, who had 'claims. to land under the French.or Spanish government, were required- to
Qe their claims for record with he registqs of the land-office, or recorder of land itles, and provision was made for confirming them.
The time limited in th-. above act was extended by the act of the 3d of Mar6h, 1807, as regards the filing of claims with the register of
recorder,'until 'the 1st of July, .1808. By the act of the 15th of Feb-' mary, 1811. the President 'was authorized to have the lands which had been surveyed in Louisiana ofihred for sale; - provided, however, that till after the. decision of Congress thereon, no tract of land shal.be offered for. sale, the claim to which has been in due time, and according to law,,.presented to the recorder of land-titles in -the district of Lo-isiana) and filed -in his office, for the purpose of being investigated by.the" commissioners appointed fbr ascertaining the rights of persons. claiming land in the territory of Louisiana." The same Ireservation wias repeated in the act of the -3d of Marchi 1811: . The act of the 26th of May, 1824, authorized claimants cc under -French or Spanish grants,, concessions, 'warrants, or orders of sur-

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

815

Stoddard et al. v. Chambers.

veys" in Missouri, issued before the 10th of March, 1804, mile their petition in the District Court of the United States for the con' firmation of their claims. And every claimant was declared by the same act to be barred, who did not file his petition in.two years." By the act of the 24th of May, 1828, the time for filing petitibns Was extended to the 26th of May, 1829.. On the 9th of July, 1832, an act was passed, "for th final'adjustment of land-titles in. Missouri," which provided that the recorder -ofland-titles, with t-wro commissioners to be appointed, should examine all the unconfirmed claims to land in Missouri, which.had heretofore been filed in the ofce of the said recorder, according to !aw, prior to* the 10th of March, 1804. And they were required to clss the claims sq as .to " state in'the first class what claims, in their opinion, would in fact have been confirmed,. according to the laws, usages, and customs of the Spanish government and the practice. of the Spanish authorities under them. And secondly, what claims in their opini6n are destitute of merit, laws or equity.:' And by the third section it was provided, "cthat from and after. the final report of the recorder and. commissioners, the lands .Contained in'the seyd6nd class shall be subject to sale as bther public lands; and the lands contained in the fii.t class ihall continhie to be reserved from sale as heretofore, until the decision of Congress shall be against the claims of any of them; 'and the lands so decided 'against shall be in like manner subject to sale as. other public lanTdhs.e"se are. the facts and statutory'provisions which are material in
the case. The defendant, under the entry and survey of Peltibr,' holds'the elder legal title to the'land in coiitroversy, except the one acre and sixty-three hundredths, whichi .icsovered -by the entry and survey of Coontz. Until the conlirniation of the plaintifls' title by the act of 1836, the legal title to the land claimed was not vested in -the plaintiff.
Objections are made to the intermediate conv'eyances under *lbch the plaintiffs claih. And first, it is insisted, that the deed frdhBell -to Mackay was not proved. It is stated on the record, 'that there -was no proof that R. Caulk, the syndic, befcrre whom the deed Was signed-'and acknowledged, had'authority fo'act as such.
The deed was executed ih 1804. 'It was attested by two wit-.' nesses, ahd purports to have been acknowledged 'itnhe teseicetf a syndic. There was .naexception to the .admission of this deed in evidence ; and, consequently, the objections now made'to its execu-

{316

SUPREME COURT.

Stoddard e.t al. v. Chambers.

tion are not before the court. But if the execution of the instrument were now open to. objections, they could not be sustained. Forty years have elapsed nince this deed purports- tohave"been executed. From that time to this, a claim under it seems to have'leen asserted. It was presented to the commissioners in 1811, having been filed with the recorder of land-titles, in 1808. And again, it was brought before the commissioners in 1835, it having remained on file until that time. Under these circumstances, the regular proof of the instrument might well be dispensed -with. Possession, under. this deed, was held by Stoddartifor a time, and became so notorious that a certain elevation-on the land-was called Stoddard's mound.
Independently of-tue lapse of time, the unsettled state of the country at the time this instrument was signed, the transfers of the country from -one sovereignty to another, the rude and defective organization of the government-the civil and military functions being blended, are facts wvhich no cox rt can disregard in acting updn transfers of property between individuals. If some degree of-regular-ity and formwere observed in regard to public grants, technical and legal forms cannot be required in the transmission of claims to land; among-a people, the great mass of whom were ignorant of the forms of titles, and indeed, of almost every thing which pertained to civil government
A syndic was 4ot, in that country, an appointed officer, as he is in a regulated goyernment; but the duties devolved upon' the commandants of military ports, as occasion might require. There is nothing on the face of this deed to excite suspicion. It was attested by two witnesses, and contains the signature and certificate of the syndic. The genuineness of these attestations -was not objected to on the admission of the deed as evidence, or on a motion to overrule it. The deed must, therefore, be considered as evidence to the jury, without exception. And, under all the circumstances, we think, that full effect should have.been given to it, as a muniment of title. The deed from Mackay to Stoddard, the ancestor of the plaintifs, is not objected to. Belf made the conveyance to Mackay, not having the legal title; but when, under- the act of 1836, the report of the commissioners was confirmed to Bell and his legal representatives, the legal title vested in him, and enured, by way of estoppel,. to his grantee, -and those who claim by deed under him. A- confirmation, by act of Congress, vests in the confirmee the right of the, United States, and a patent, if issued, could only be evi-

JANUARY TERM 1844.

,817

Stoddard et al. v.-Chambers.

dence or this. On a title by estoppel, an action of ejectment&may be maintained.
If the claim of the defendant had not been interposed, no 'one could doubt the validity of the plaintiffs' title. It has the highedt sanction of the government, an act of legislation. But the 2d section of the'act of 1836, which gave this sanction, provided, "that .if it should be found that anytract confirmed, or any part thereof, liAd been previously located -by-any other person or persons, under any law of the United States, or had been surveyed or sold by the United States, that act should confer no title to such lands, in opposition to the rights acquired by such location- or purchase."
This provision, it is insisted, covers the case, and defeats the title of the plaintiffs. But,-it must be observed, that a location, to come within the section, must have been made "cunder a law of the United States." Now an act under a law, means in conformity W.ih it; and unless the"locatibn of the defendant shall have been made agreeably to law, or the. patent were so issued, the reservation does not affect the title of the plaintiffs.
The holder of a New Madrid certificate had a right to locate it only on ",public lands which had been authorized to be sold." Peltier's location was made in 1816, and his survey in 1818, The location of Coontz was made in 1818, ahd his survey.in 1818. At these dates there can be be no question that all lands claimed under a French or Spanish titlei which claim had been filed with the recorder of land-titles-as the plaintiffs' claim had been-wereres erved from sale by the acts of Congress above stated. This reservation was continued up to the 26th of May, 1829, when it ceased, until it was revived by the act of the 9th of July, 1832, and.was continued until the linal confirmation of the plaintiffs' title, by the act of 1836. The .defendant's patent was issued the 16th of July,- 1832. So that it appears, that when the .defendant's. claim was entered, surveyed, and patented, the land covered by it, so far as the location interferes with the 'plaintiffs' survey, was not "h part of the public 'land authorized to be sold."
On the above facts, the important question arises, whether the defendant's title is not void. That this is a question- as well examinable at law as in chancery, will not be controverted. That .the elder legal title must prevail in the action of ejectment, is undoubted: But the inquiry here is, whether the defendant has any title, as against the plaintiffs. And there seems to be no difficulty in answer-
2D2

318

SUPREME COURT.

.

.Stoddard et a] v. Chambers.

ing the question, that he has not. His location wa§ made on lands not liable to be thus appropriated; but expressly reserved; and this was the case when his patent was issued. Had the entry been made, or the patent issued, after the 26th of May, 1829, when the reservation ceased, and 'before it was revived by the act of 1832, the title of the defendant could not be contested. But at no othei inteival of time, from the location of Bell, until its confirmation in 1836, was the lhnd claimed by him liable to be appropriated in satisfaction of a New. Madrid certificate.
No title can be held valid which has been acquired against law; and such is the character of the defendant's title, so far as it trenches on the plaintiff's. It has been argued, that the first patent appropriates the land, and extinguishes all prior claims of inferior dignity. But this view is not sustainable. The issuing of a patent is a ministerial act, which must be performed 'according to law. A patent is -utterly void and inoperative, which is issued for lad that had been previously patented to another individual.. The fee having been. vested in the patentee by the first patent, the record could convey no right. It is true a patent possesses the highest verity. It cannot be contradicted or explained by parol, but if it has been fraudulently obtained or issued against law it is-void.- Itwould be a most dangerous principle to hold, that a patent should carry the legal title, though obtained fraudulently or against law. Fraud vitiates all transactions. It makes void a judgment, which is a much more solemn act than the issuing of a patent. The patent of the defendant having been for 14fid reserved from such appropriation; is void; and also the survey of Coontz, so far as either conflicts with the plaintiffs' title. For the foregoing reasons, we think the instructions of the court to the jury were erroneous; .and, consequently, the judgment must be reversed at the defendant's cost, and a venire de novo is awarded.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard 'on the transcript of the record from the Ciruit Court of the United States for the district- of Missouri, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, It is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that fhe judgment of the said .Circuit Court, in this cause be- and the same is hereby reversed with costs; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to award a venir facia de novo.

JA.NUARY TERM, 1844.

-591

Pollards Lessee v. Files.

having selected, dnd been driven from it by lawless 'forces, her title remains unimpaired. She has not slept on her rights, but from 1832 to 1837 has made continuous and repeated applications to the government officers to assert her Tights to said land, and'through them to the government itself in 1837. She has never abandoned her claim, but has insisted on: her rights under the treaty.
In our opinion, -the plaintiff not only has a right to the land in question under the treaty, but one -whichit protects and guaranties against all the -acts which have been done to her prejudice; and we are much gratified to find'in the able and sound opinion of the Supreme Court of Tennessee, on the Cherokee treaty of 1819, and the Supreme Court of Alabama on this treaty, a train of reasoning and conclusions which we very much approve, and-are -perfectly in accordance 'with our opinion in this case. These cases are reported in 2 Yerger,.144, 432; 5 Yerger, 323; 5 Porter; Alabama 'Rep. 330, 427.
The judgment of the Supreme Court of Alabama is therefore reversed.
ORDER.'
This cause came on to be heard' on e transcript of the record, from the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama, and was argued by counsel, on consideration wherebf; It is now here ordered and adz judged by this court, that the judgmeht of the said Supreme Court of the state of Alabama in this cause be, and the same is hereby 'reversed with costs; and that this-causd be,'and the sameis hereby re manded to 'the said Supreme Court of the state of Alabama, that further proceedings pnaybe had therein in conformity to the opinion of this court, and as to law and justice shall appertain.

LESSEE OF JoHN. POLLARD, WI LIAA PoLuARD, JOHN FOWLER AN HARRIET HIS WIFE, HENRY P. ENSIG AND PHEBE HIS WIFE, GEOR E HU'odINS AND LOUISA 'HIS WIFE, JOSEPH CASE AND ELIZA. HIS WIFE, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JOSEPH F. FILES, DEFENDANT.
It is the settled doctrine of the 3'udicial department of th> government, that the treaty of 1819 with Spain ceded to the United States no territory west of the river Perdido. It had already b~en acquired under the-Louisiana treaty.
Ia the interval betxween the Lbuisiana treaty and the time when the United

592

SUPREME COURT.

Pollard's Lessee v. Files.

States took possession of the country west of the Perdido, the Spanish government had the right to grant permits to settle and improve by cultivation, or to authorize the erection of establishments for mechanical purposes. These incipient concessions were not disregarded by Congress, but are recognised in the acts of 1804, 1812 and 1819; and, as claims, are within the act of 1824. That act (of 1824) gave a title to the owners of old water-lots, in Mobile, only where an improvement was made on the east side of Water street, and made by the pioprietor of the lot on the west side of that street. Such person could not claim as riparian Proprietor, or where his lot had a definite limit on the east.

Tnis case was brought, by writ of error under the 25th section of, the Judiciary act, from the Supreme Court of the state of Alabama.
It was an ejectmeht, brought by the plaintiff in error, in the Circuit Court of the state of Alabama for Mobile county, to recover a lot in the city of Mobile, on the east side of Water street.
By Ihe original plan of the' town, a street was laid off, called Water street, on the margin of the river, running nearly north and south, which was afterwards filled uj ; and by the improvement, the water, at.high tide, was confined to.the eastern edge of the street.
Pollard's heirs -claimed under a Spanish grant from Perez, in 1809, to Pollard the ancestor, which grant, as they alleged, was saved in the act of Congress of 1824, and expressly admitted in an act of 1836, entitled !5An act for the relief, of William Pollard's heirs," under which a patent issued, embracing the premises in question.
The defendant, Files, connected himself with three different branches'of title.
1. That of Forbes and Company. 2. That of Curtis Lewis. 3. That of the corporatioh of te city 6f'Mobile. 1. The title of Forbes and Company. They held a grant from,the Spanish government for a lot fronting upon Royal street (which is the next on.the west to Water street) and running back 304 feet to the east, to a water-lot. It was: alleged that the act of, Congress of 1824 (cited at large' in the relort of the case o4 the City of Mobile v. Emanuel et al., 1 Howard, 95, vepted a tile in the water-lot to them as proprietors and occupants of the lot fronting on the river Mobile.. 2. The title of Curtis Lewis. It was alleged that he had.made an improvement upon the waterlot, and thus brought himself within another elauge of the act of 1824.

JANUARY -TERM, 1844.

593 *

Pollard's Lessee v.-Files.

3. The title of -the city of Mobile.

It was alleged that Congress, by the act of 1824; bad granted. to

the city of Mobile ccall the right and claim of the United States to all

the lots*not sold or 6onfirmed to individuals, either by this or any

former act, and to which no equitable title exists in favour of'any

individial, under this oi any former act, between high water-mark

and the channel of the river," &c. ; and that Pollard's claim not

coming within any. of -the exceptions, the title -of the United States

passed to the city of Mobile. In this view, the United States ip-

1836, of course, had no, title which they could transfertto Pollard's

heirs.

The case was tried ii the Circ it Court of the state, and -the opinion

bf.the court upon the law was in favour of the defendant, Files: it

was carried by.Pollard to the Supreme Court of the state, by whibh

the judgment was affirned, and to review this opinion the present

writ of error was brought.

.

-

The facts are set forth in'the bill of exceptions taken in the court

below, which is as follows-,.

Bill of Exceptions.

Be it remembered, that in the term -of the Circuit Court begun and

held in and for the county of Mobile and state of Alabama, on, the

fifth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight'hundred

and forty-one, before the .Honourable E. S. Dargan, judge of the tenth

judicial district, came John Doe , by his attorney, George F. Sall

and impleaded Bernard.De Sylva, in whose stead the landlord, Files,

was admitted to defend in a plea of trespass in ejectment, upon the

demise of John Pollard, William Pollard, John Fowler and Harriet-

his wife, laie Harriet Pollard, Henry P. Ensigf and Phebe his wife,

late Phebe Pollard,.George Huggins and Louisa his wife, late Louisd

Pollard, Joseph Case and" Eliza his wife, late Eliza. Pollard,-.for a

term. of.years not ydt.expired, to a certain lot or parcel of land lying.

in the city of Mobile, between Church street and North Boundary.

street, and bounded on the north by the south side of what was

formerly called John Forbes and Co.'s canal, on the south by:'vhat

was called the King's wharf, of- the west by Water street, and -on

the east by the channel of the river; and thereupon issue was j6ined

between the said lessors of the plaintiffs and the said, Files, who, at

the trial, in pursuance of an act of the legislature of Alabama, passed

on the eighth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-

six, entitled ccAn act for the relief of tenants in -possession, against.

VOL. II.-75

3 D 2

594

SUPREME COURT.

Poilards Lessee v.-Files.

dormant titles," suggested to the court that he and those whose estate

he has in the lands or tenements sued for have had adverse posses-

sion of the same for three years next before the commencement of

such suit, and have made valuable improvements on the lands, so

on which suggestion -issue'was joined; also, on the. day and year

aforesaid, the said issues so joined, between the said parties as afore-

said, came to be tried by a jury for that purpose duly-empannelled

and sworn ; at which day came there as well the said plaintiffs as

the said defendant$ by their respective attorneys; and the plaintiffs,

iri-order to maintain the issue on their part, gave in evidence an act

of Congress, passed on the twenty-sixth day of May, one thousand

eight hundred and twenty-four, entitled ",An act granting certain

lots, of groundto -the corporation of the city of Mobile, and to certain

individuals of 'said city." They further gave in evidence an act of

Congress passed July 2, 1836, entitled ., An act for the relief

of Win. Pollard's heirs." They further gave in evidence a patent

issued on the~fourteenth day of -March, one thousand eight hundred

and thirty-seven, in pursuance of said act of Congress of Juy'2,

1836,-which patent embraced the premises in question. They further

gave in evidence a Spanish grant, of which, the following is atrans-

lation ;

Mr. COMMANDANT :-William Pollard, an inhabitant of this dis-

trict, before you, With all respect represents: that he has a mill esta-

blished upon his plantation, and that he often comes to this place

with planks and property from it, and that he wishes to have a place

propitious or suitable for the landing and safety thereof, 'and that,

having found a vacant piece. at the river, side, between the canal

which -is cailed John Forbes and Co.'s and the wharf at this place,

he petitions you. to grant him said lot on the river bank, to give more

facility to his trading; .a favour he hopes to obtain of you.

Mobile, 11th December, 1809.

WILLIAM PoLLARD.

.Mobile, 12th December, 1809.

I grant the jetifion ; the lot or piece of ground he prays for, on

the river bank, provided it be vacant.

CAYETANO P .

The plaintiff then proved the genuineness of the sign.ature of Cayetano Perez, and referred-to the state papers relating to the public lands'to show the different periods'during which Perez was in com-
mand.
The plaintiff then gave in evidence. that the premises sued for

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

595

Pollard's Lessee v. Files.

were situated between, Church ,street and North Boundary street and immediately in front of lots known under the Spanish government as water-lots, and that, the said lot now sued for was, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and- twenty-four, and is now, -known as a water-lot; that it lies on the east side of Water street; that what -is -nowW- ater street -was, under the Spanish government,.and at .the date of the grant, to Forbes and -Co., hereafter attached, a natural ridge, and Athat the ordinary tides did not overflow said ridge, and very high tides entirely covered said ridge; that .to the north of the lots-lying immediately w est of the lot sued for, near Conti street, there was a depression in said ridge, where the water, at high tide, flowed around upon the -eastern part of the lots lying, as before stated, immediately west of the lot, sued for, and, which were known as water-lots vnde'r the Spanish government. - -
The plaintiffs then. gave in evidence that John Forbes and-CQ. applied for nad obtain'ed pennission, from the Spanish government, to, open or cut the canal which was called John Forbes and Co.'s canal) after they had obtained a grant for the lot lying immediately west of said cagal. ,
The.defendn4t in order to maintain the issue on his part, gave in evidence a Spanish grant to John Forbes and Company, for a lot of ground eighty-feet frnt on Royal street, with a depth-of-three. hundred and four feet to the east, which is hereto attached-and markedA, together-with the plator survey thereto -attached; which is made part of'this bill of exceptions; and proved that the said lot was situated. immecilately west of the 16t sued for, and was separated from it.now only by Water street; but that Wafer street was not known at the date of this grant, and that said st:eot was laid off in 1820 and 1821. The defendant further gave in evidence a certificate of confirmation for the said,lot to John Forbes and Company,. who were the suecessors of Pantoti, Leslie and Company, the. original. granteesi which is alto made a part of this bill of exceptions,. and marked B, by which it w appear that 304 feet were confirmed to Forbes and Company.

The defendant. also proved that one Curtis Lewis, some time in 1822 or 1823, sunk some flat boats in the canal called Forbes and Company's, and proceeded to fill up the lots now sued for, but ttat one James Inerarily, one-of thefirm of Forbes and Company, dispossessed" him in the night, and erected a smith's-shop, and continued ii possession abopt nine months, when Curtis Lewis regained possession by writ of forcible entry afid detainer.

596

SUPREME COURT.

Pollard's Lessee v. Files.

It further appeared in evidence that the ridge-in Water street was

.about fifteen or twenty feet in width, and that it was covered by the

ordinary tides for about one-third of its width,-up to the year 1822,

and that all the land east ofWater street, as at present laid out, up to

1813, was below the ordinary high. water-mark. It further appeared

that the firm of Forbes and Company ent..ed upon the lot granted to

them as aforesaid, and-made valuable improvements on it, and ful-

filled-the conditions of the grant, and on the 25th May, 1824, held the

land to the west of Water street without dispute.

It further appeared that the first improvements on the lot east of

Water street were made by Curtis Lewis, except the .canal, and im-

provements

along it,

of John Forbes

and

Company;

but

it

was

also in Pol

.

evidefiie that, in 1811, a witness had seen the servants of Win.

lard removing some drift wood and piling some lumber on the lot in'

question.

T1Ae-nature and extent of Curtis Lewis's improvements are before

stated. The reports of commissioner Crawford, upon the titles -before

rbfererd to, were -read from 3d volume of the State Papers, 'and they

are understood to form a part of this bill of exceptions.
- E. S. DARGAN, [L. s.]

"The defendant then connected himself with the title of Curtis Lewis,

Forbes and Company, and the corp6raton of the city of Mobile, which

claimed the same by virtue of the- act of 1824 above referred to.

In the progress of the trial, when the plaintiffs offered 'in evidence

the Spanish grant to Pollard,'the defendant's counsel offered evidence,

the object of which was-to prove that the date of the graint had been

altered; the plaintiffs objected to the intrbduction of the evidence for

that object, but was overruled by the court, to which he excepted.

The'defendait then passed the giant to the witnesses, who, upon an

inspection of the same, were of opinion that the figures 09, in the

date of 1.809, on the face of the grant, had been altered.

The plaintiff then offered witnesses who proved, that having in-

spected it with a spy-glass, the alteration was from ,1810 to 1809.

Plaintiffs. also proved that Cayetano Peiez was commandant at Mobile

in 1810.

The defendant further gave in evidence that he had made.valuable

improvemerits on the lot sued for since the 8th day of January, 1836;

to the value of $7000; whereupon the plaintiffs, by their counsel,

prayed the court to charge the juiry, First, that the said Spanish grant

made to William Pollard'was ratified and confirmed by the 8th article

J ANUARY TERM, 1844.

597

Pollard's Lessee-v. Files.

of the. treaty of amity, settlements and lifiits, between the United States and his Catholic Majesty, dated 22d February, 1819; which charge the court refused to give; to 'which the plaintiffs, by their counsel, excepted.
The plaintiffs theh, by their counsel, prayed-the court to charge the jury that the act of Congress of.26th May, 1836, confirmed the'said Spanish grant to Pollard ;.which charge the court refused to give, but on the contrary, charged the jury, if they believed the evidence to betrue, the fee-simph to .the premises stied for were vested 'in Forbes and-Company, and that the acts of Congress of 1824 ahd 1836, and the patent in pursuance thereof,- were utterly void, so far as relates to the. premises ii question, and that no title vested in the lessors. of plaintiff by virtge of said acts 6foCongress and said patent;. to which cbrgpe'the plaintiffs.excepted.
The plaintiffi, by their counsel, then prayed the "court to.charge the jury, that if they.should find ihat an alterati6n had been made-in the date of Pollard's SpanisR grdnt,.advantage coul.'not be taken fitin an aeton.of ejectinent, but.by a .ci.fa. in the .name of the general governtnent,-or a bill in equity; 'which charge the court refused to'gire,. but, on the contrry, charged, that if they.8hould believe that the date, haa been 'altered, that they-should find for the defendant, unless-they were satisfied from the evidencethat, though'alterled,.if was inade in fact whilst. P'fez was.commlandant; that the alteration pf the. date
would not affect the -.grant:if Perez was comman.ant at the time .of.
the execution; but that if altered, the law would not presume that
the gant was made while Cayetano.Perez.was commandant, But that this must be shown ly tIhe evidence; to which charge, so given, and the refusal to charg&as proyed0 th6 plaintiffi..excepted, . The plaitifhs then prayed the 'court.to charge the jury, that the act of'January.8th, 1836%passed, bythe Jegislature of Alabam, 'entitled

cAn act for therelief.of tenants in possession, against dormant titles,"

is contrary to the tenth section 9f.the first'article of'the Constituiion

of the United States, and is 'theiefore'void; which chaige the court

refused-to give, but, o.n the contrary, charged- that it is constitutional;:

to all -. hich the plaintiff excepted, and payd-the court to.sign and

seal this his bill of exceptions, which is done.

-

E.*S.. D.4oG, Judge.- [L. S.]

It has been before stated, that this'opinion of the court was afirmed by the Supreme Court of the state of Alabama: The following extract from the opinion of the latter court, is given, in order that the re&arks

598

SUPREME COURT.

Pollard's Lessee v.'Files.

made by the Supreme Court of the United States may be fully understood.
"cIf the law, as laid down by a majority of'the court, in the lessee of Pollard's heirs v. Kibbe, 14"Peters, 353, is to be regarded as decisive of the law applicable to the plaintiff's title, and as 'excluding all objection to it, then the answer given by the Circuit Court to the second charge prayed is confessedly'erroneous. Of the authority of that case we have hothing to say. We may, however, be permitted to remark, with- all deference, that we should yield to it more willingly, if it had the sariction of a majority of the Supreme Court. We are aware that, as reported, the judgment seems to have been concurred in by five of.the justices; but we have in our possession a manuscript copy 6f the opinions of Justice Thompson, McLean, Bar-: 'bour, and Catron, and the judgment that was rendered; at the foot of which is the following memorandum:, 'Dissenting justices, Catron, Barbour, and Wayne. Mr. Chief Justice Taneyr did not sit in this base.' Attested as follows, 'True copy, test. Win. Thos. Caribll, C. S. C., U. S.' That Mr.- Justice McKinley was absent during the, entire term, appears from a note of the reporter. If the attestation of the clerk be gorrect, then but four of the justices concurred in reversing the judgment of' this court. And to all this, it may be added, that Mr. Justice McLean did not agree to the judgment of reversal, so far'as we are informed by his opinion, upon the ground that thE. grant to William Pollard in 1809 was a 'new .grant' within the meaniiig of the .act of the 26th of May, 1824. But' he.yielded his assent to the conclusion of Mr. Justice Thompson, (as we understand it,) because the. second se-tion of that statute required the improvement to be made on the lot east of Water street, and to entitle the proprietor of the lot, immediately -west of the water-lot, the improvement should have been made.b himself. These were ques.ions, which, it seemed to us, were wholly unimportant to be considered,'nnless Pollard's was a ,new grant,' since it is an -undisputed prificiple, that the plaintiff.must recover upon-the strength of his own title, and*not upon the weakness of his adversaries.
".We have taken thiv'isew 6f the case referred to, with the most
profound respect for the Supreme Coutt of the United States, and have only to say, that we hope an opportunity may soon be afforded for a re-examination of the act of 1824"
'Coxe, for the plaintiff in error-,
. .ergeant,for the defendant.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

599

Polla.Td's Lessee v. Files.

Coxe.contended, 1. That the judgment below was erroneous, and oughtnot to be reversed. 2. That the Circuit Court erred in refusing to give the instruction.q as prayed'by the plaintiff. 3. That it erred in giving the instructions which were given to the jury. He considered the principle of the present case as decided in Pollard's heirs v. Kibbie, 14 Peters, 353. The same grant was there brought under review; and it was decided that the act of 1836 'w'aS a private act which Congress had power to pass; that the claim of Pollard was excepted in the 2d section of the act of 1824, and that the term cnew" applied to grants made after the cession of Louisiana. Pages 360, 362, 364. He referred also to 16 Peters, 234, where the question came up again, and quoted passages from pages 247, 251,257,265; 422, 427.; from all which he inferred that the question had been decided and the rights under it settled.

Sergeant, for the defendant in error, said he did not mean to question any point decided.in 14 Peters, but argued,
I. The plaintiff below had no right. 1. He derived no right from the act of 1894, because he was not within the act; and, also, because the United States had nothing in the premises to grant. 2. He derived no right from the act of i836, and the patent .under it, as well for the reasons already stated, as because the right of the. United States, if any they had, wan already granted by the act of 1824 to those under whom the defendant claims. H. The court did not err in refusing to give the instructions asked for by the plaintiffs, nor in giving the instructions which they did give. HI_ The court did not err in refusing to instruct the jury that the act of 8th January, 1836, is contrary to the Constitution of the United States; and, if they did, it is immaterial,, as the plaintiff were barred
on other grounds. This is a different case from Kibbie's, and not covered by that de-
cision. There was an error in. fact there which misled the court, and which was not discovered until this case.was tried. The claim is to a.place between high and low water-marks, and the grant called for fast land. The grant was not surveyed or recorded.

600.,

SUPREME COURT.

Pollard's Lessee v. Files.

1., The plaintiff derived no right from the act of 1824, because he was not within it. He cannot bring himself within any of the exceptions. He never owned a water-lot, nor made any improvements. 7 Laws 'United S~tes, 318, act of 26th May, 1824.
If it be said that the plaintiff claims under a new and valid grant, the answer is, that if there Was an.) grant at all, it was issued when Spain had no power to make one. In Pollard's lessee v. Kibbie" the paper waws said to have been executed on December 12, 1809, and the court took this .for granted. It was the foundation of the opinion. 14 Peters, 351. But this record shows that the date was altered, arid that 1809 was not the truo one. The jury found the fact of the alteration from 1810 to 1809, and if issued in 1810,.Perez
had no authority to make the grant. The alteration must be presumed to be made after execution.
Peters C. C. R. 369. And the materiality of the alteration is a question for the court. 1 Peters,-552. I Perez, in 1810, having no power to grant, the basis of the plaintiff's title is gone, and the case infected with fraud.
The act. pf 1824, says the cc Spanish government must have made a new grant or order of survey for'the same, during the time at which they had the power to grant the same," and although the judges differed as to the precise time when Spanish authority ceased, all agreed that it'was extinct on-the-12h December, 1810. Opinion of Judge Baldwin, page 368, 369, 370; of Judge McLean, 366; of Judge Catron and Barbour, 426, 428; Thompson, 355.
The proclamation 6t the Presidentwas -in October,'1810. Thepoint, decided in Klibbie's case was that the"grant was issued when *the Spanish govefnent had a right to do it, and the case stood upon that. At.page 361, Judge Thompson says the grant was dated 12th 'December, 1809, and was rejected by the commissioner because there were rio improvements on the lot.
But possession is required to create a title. .1 Howard, 95. 2. The plaintiff derived -no fight from the act of 1836, or the patent- under it. That act is only a quit claim" on the part of the United States, but they had nothing to grant. All their title had ireviously been granted to Forbes and Company, or to the city of Mobile, and the defendant unites those titles. The grant to Forbes and Company ran to the water.; they had fulfilled all the conditions, had entered and made improvements before the act of 1824 passed. There was no Water street; noihing to divide them from the river.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

601

Pollard's Lessee v. Files.

The act of 1824 vested a title per se, and the parties had nothing to do but go into court and show the facts in evidence. If the act of 1836 be considered as explanatory of that of 1824, it is dangerous to construe a general act by a private one, obtained by a party for his own benefit. The true construction of that of 1824 is that the improvement must be made on the old loi; that every one who went to the water should not be cut off from it. It supposes an inchoate right to the lot in front, because an exception is, if a party has alienated the lot in front. He must, therefore, have had a right to alienate.
In Esclava's case, the record showed that the party who owned the old lot had improved both the old and new. The question, therefore, did not come up.
[The arguments of both counsel as to the right of the state of Alabama over navigable water in virtue of her sovereignty, are omitted, because the opinion of the court does not touch upon that point.]

Core, in reply.
It is said that the improvement must be upon the old lot, but, in 14 Peters, three of the judges dissented on this ground, and in 16 Peters, the court confirmed the dissent, and said it must be on the new lot. 16 Peters, 247.
It has been said that Forbes and Company -were riparian proprietors, running down to the water. But their grant calls only for a certain number of feet; and it was confirmed by the commissioner just in that way.
It has also been said, that the grant of 1809 was void. But the plaintiffbas a patent under the act of 1836. If the plaintiff had recovered below, and the defendant bad excepted to instructions, the qjuestion about the grant would have come up. The President's proclamation was in 1810, but no act of Congress was passed until 1811, and the country was not taken possession of until after that act. The record shows that evidence was given on the trial that Perez was commandant in 1810.
The volume of Statc Papers referred to, shows that-Perez issued a grant in May, 1811, and even as late as November, 1811. Vol. 3, Public Lands, 450, 454.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of-the court.

For the facts of the case, we refer to the report of it. It presents

Vo.. II.-76

3 E

SUPREME COURT.
Poliard's Lessee v. Files.
the same titles, and, substantially, the same facts, that were before thisThcoeufrirtsitninPstorullcatrido'ns heirs -v. Kibbie, 14 Peters, 353.
asked by the plaintiff of the state Circuit Court is, that the Spanish grant made to William Pollard was ratified and confirmed by th eighth article of the treaty with Spain of 1819," by -whichthe Florida's were acquired. This the court refused to give; and correctly.
It is the settled doctrine of the judicial department of this government, that, the treaty of 1819 ceded- no territory west of the rivet Perdido, but only that east of it: and therefore all grants made by Spain after the United States acquired, the country from France, in 1803, are void, if the lands granted lay -est of that river; because made on territbry acquired by the treaty 5f 1803; which extended to the Perdido east. It was thus held in Foster and Elam v. Neilson, 2 Peters, 254, and again -in Garcia v. Lee, 12 Peters, 515, and is not now open to controversy int.his court.
2. The plaintiffs then, by their counsel, prayed the court to charge the jury that the act. of Congress of 26th May, 1836, confirmed the said Spanish -grant to Pollard; which charge the court refused to give, but, on 'the contrary, charged" the jury, if they believed the ,evidence to be tienthe fee-simple to the premises sued for were vepted in Forbes and C6., and that the act of Congress of 1824, and -1836, and the patent in pursuance thereof, were utterly void, so far as relates to the premises in question, and that no title vested in the lessors of plaintiff by virtue of said acts of Congress and said patent; to which charge the plaintiffs excepted.
The questions raised by the :instruction asked and refused;. and that given, will be examined so far only as to decide the present case.
This"court hfeld, when-Pollard's title was before it, formerly, that Congress had the power to grant the land to hin by the act of 1836: on this point there was no difference of opinion at that time among the judges. The difference to .which the Supreme Court of Alabama, in the presebt cage refers- (in its opinion in the record,) grew 6ut of the construction given by a majority of the court to the ac t of 1824, 'by'which the vacant lands east of Water street, were granted to the city-of'Mobile. That grant excepted out of it, all lots to which, "cthe Spanish government had made a new grant, or order of survey for the same, during the time at which they'had the power to grant the. same." If Pollard's was such cca niw grant," then the land

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

603

-Pollard's Lessee i. Files.

covered by it was excepted and did not pass to the city; and the act of.1836, and the patent founded on it, passed the title to Pollard.
After the country west of the Perdido had been acquired by the treaty of 1803, the Spanish government continued to exercise jurisdiction over the country, including the city of Mobile, for some nine years; the United-States ifot seeing proper to take possessi6n, and Spain refusing to surrender it, on the assumption that the country had not been ceded by that kingdom to France in the treaty of 1800; and of course that it did not pass to this country by our treaty with France. That Spain had no power to grant the soil, during the time she thus wrongfully held the possession, is settled by the cases cited of Foster and Elam v. Neilson; and Garcia v. Lee. But the right necessarily incident to the exercise of jurisdiction over the country and people rendered it proper that permits to settle and improv, by cultivation; or to authorize the erection of establishments for mechanical purposes, should be granted. And to this end the concession to Pollard, of December, 1809, was made. He set forth in his petition to the commandant, that he had a mill established on his plantation, and often came to Mobile with planks and prpperty. from it; and that he wished a place propitious and suitable for the landing and safety thereof; and havifig found a vacant -piece at the river side, between the canal of Forbes and Co. and the public wharf, he solicits the commandant to grant him said lot on the river bank, to give more facility to his trading. This lot, the governor granted to.Pollard for the purpose set forth by him.
The use, for the purpose solicited, during the time- the Spanish authorities were exercised, could be properly granted: of this there can be no doubt.
Very many permits to settle on the public domain and cultivate,were.also granted about the same time; which were in form incipief-
concessions of the land, and intended by,the governor to give tifle, and to receive confirmation afterwards from the king's deputy, so as to perfect them into a complete title. Pollard's was also of this description. Although the United States disavowed that any right to the soil, passed by such concessions; still they were not disregarded as giving no equity to the claimant: on the contrary, the first act of Congress passed (of April 25, 1*12) after we got possession of the country, appointed a commissioner to report to Congress bn them in common with all others originating before the treaty of 1803took effect. The third section orders all persons, claiming-lahds, in

RUPRE.ME COURT.
Pollard's Lessee v. Files.
the previously disputed territory C by virtue of any grant, order of survey, or other evidence of claim, whatsoever derived from the French, British, or Spanish governments, to be laid before the commissioner, with a notice in writing, stating the nature, &c., of the claim." On these, (by sec. 5,) the commissioner had power given him to inquire inito the justice, and validity of the claims; and in every case it was his duty to ascertain whether the lands claimed had been inhabited and cultivated; at what time the inhabitation and cultivation commenced; when surveyed and by whom; and by what authority-and into every matter affecting their justice and ,validity.
By sec. 6, abstracts were to be furnished to the secretary of the treasury, of the claims, arranged in classes, according to their respective merils; and these abstracts, &c., were to be laid beooie Congress, for their determination thereon, &c.
By sec. 8, the commissioner was ordered to report to Congress at its next session, a list of aliactual settlers on the land in his district, .who had no claims derived from either the French, British; or Spanish governments, and the time such settlements were 'mbde.
In January, 1816, the report of commissioner (Crawford) was laid before Congress. 3 Am. State Papers, 6,. "Public Lands."
The 14th see. of the act of March 26th, 1804, declares all grants void if made for lands within the territories ceded by the French republic to the United States, by the treaty of the 13th of April, 1803, (and which had been acquired by France from Spain,) that had been made after the date above. Provided, that the law should not be construed to make void any bona fide grant made by the Spanish government, to an actual settler on the lands granted, for himself, and for his wife and family, &c. -On Pollard's claim'the commissioner reported unfavourably, because it had "not been inhabited nor cultivated." 3 State Papers, 18. .The bill of exceptions refers to this report as it standsin the book, as p'art of the bill of exceptions, and as such it is treated by us.
In April, 1818, by a resolution of the senate, it was referred to the secretary of. the treasury to furnish a plan, for an adjustment of the claims reported on br the commissioners east and west of. Pearl river: and on -the '7th of December, 1818, the secretary made his report in the form of a bill. 3 State Papers, 391. On all the imperfect claims favourably reported on, by the commissioners, derived

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

605

Pollard's Lessee v. Files.

from the authorities of Spain before the 20th of December, 1803, a confifination was recommended: And the land that had been cultivated on or before that day, should be confirmed also, as if the titles had been completed. And as to all the other claims"favourably recommen&ed to Congress by the commissioners, the claimant should be entitled to a grant therefor, as a donation-not to exceed to any one person more than six hundred and forty acres: That all set-. tiers before the 15th of April, 1813, shall receive a grant for the land claimed, not exceeding six hundred and forty acres, if actually inha-. bited and cultivated.
On this report the act of March 3d, 1819, was founded-and by see. 2, each settler with title-papers, had confirnmed to him his habitation as a donation, not to exceed one. thousand two hundred and eighty acres; and this irrespective of the time when the settlement was made, if previous to the 15th.of April, 1813; but the grant not to exceed six hundred and forty acres to such settlers as had presented no -written evidences of title.
By the 7th, 8th, and 9th .sections, those who had filed their notices of claim 1hefore the commissioner, and which had not been fecom-. mended for confirmation, were allowed to the 1st of July, 1820, to file additional evidence in support of the claim with the register and receiver, of the land-offices -respectively established by that act, in the country divided by Pearl river; who had the same powers con-
ferred on them that the commissioner previously had. New claims might also be filed. On these the register and receiver were to report; of course, ifter the 20th of July, 1820. The land-office for the country including Mobile was at Jackson court-house. Thus the matter stood for eight years.
By the act of March 3d,.1827, further time was given to the first of -September, 1827, to claimants whose evidences of claim had been previously filed with the commissioner, to produce further evidence and "1to present their titles and claims, and the evidence in support of the same, to the register and receiver, of the land-office at St. Stevens." By sec. 2, they were ordered to hold -their sessions at the city of Mobile, and there examine the suspended clainis on the same principles the commissioner had done.
Thus suspended, and prctected, stood the title of Pollard when the act of .1824 was passed granting to the city of Mobile the river front. And from any thing appearing to the contrary, it stood equally
3n,2

606

SUPREME COURT.

PoDllard's Lessee v. Files.

protected until confirmed by the act of 1836. It was for the sovereign power to judge of its merits; it had never been rejected, and was awaiting the final action -of Congress. Furthermore; it was from its situation as a city lot not subject to entry in a land-office, being in no sulrvey of the public lands: and it is a fair constructionof the exception to the act of 1824, to hold Pollard's claim was intended to be within the following exception; as well as the one commented on in Pollard v. -Kibbie: That is-" Provided, that nothing in this act contaiihed shall be construed to affect the claim or claims, if any such there be, of any individual, or of any body politic or corporate."
We think Pollard's was a claim of an individual within the exceptioui, and.was so deemed by Congress; as the United States, by the first section, only profess to grant their right to the city front : and except all lots confirmed by Congress by that, or any previoup act-and also such "to which an equitable title existed in favour of any individual under this, or any foriner act." Then in the second section,-the provision examined in tl- case of Pollard v. Kibbie has direct reference to protection by excepting lots-" to which the Spanish government had made a new grant or order of survey," &c. It is obvious the previous obscurity and confusion were intended to be explained by the proviso: simply expressed, that nothing-which preceded should affect any individual claim-regardless of the fact whether it was good or bad, so it was a recognised claim by the United Statesl That Pollard's was so, is most apparent by the protection afforded to it: and such is the unanimous opinion of this court, for the reasons formerly and now given; taken together..
Pollard's patent is therefore valid, unless the second instruction given be true-that the act of Congress of 1836, and the patent founded on it be void, as relates to the subject in controversy; and therefore'the lessors of the plaintiff derived no title from these sources, because the fee-simple of the premises was in John Forbes and Co.,. when Pollard took his title.
It was held in the City of Mobile v. Elava, 16 Peters, 247, that the improvements referred to in the act of 1824, by virtue of which a title was given to the owner of the old water-lot west of Water street, to the lot immediately east of it, must have been made on the new, and eastern water-lot: second, that such improvement must have. been made by the proprietor of the old lot.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

-607

Pollard's Lessee v. Files.

Forbes and Co. had none such, and therefore took no benefit under

the act of 1824.

-

-

-*

-

If the instruction intended to maintain that Forbes and Co., as ri-

parian proprietors of the 'lot west of Water streef, could claim all the

land east of it, to the channel of the iver, then we think the court

erred: and we take it for granted the court so intended ; as by no

other means could the land sued for be claimed by Forbes and Co. from

any evidence in the record. Their lot was a grant of 1802, for 80

feet fi;nt, by 304 feet deep, west of what is now Water street; and

bounded on the east by the street as it now exists. High tide for-

merly reached it; low tide did not: But we .deem this an immaterial

circumstance. Forbes and Co.'s grant was a specific town lot bound-

ed by streets, then existing or expected to exist; it fronted to the

east on a contemplated street, reserved to the public use, as ungranted

property; and it never was contemplated by-the grant to give any

right to the soil beyond its-fixed boundary east, as actually surveyed.

It does conform, and must conform, to the city arrangement of lots:

if it was held otherwise, then every 6ther-proprietori of an old front

lot could claim over the mud-flat to'the'channel of-the river, as a ri-

parian owner; sweeping through the city property as it now exists

by filling -up, and raising the flat, to the extent east of probably a

thousand feet, or more. We deem such an assumption entirely in-

admissible: and therefore think the court also erred in the second in-

struction given, as well as in refusing that asked on part of the plaintiffs.

With the third instruction this court cannot interfere: and the jury

having found for the defendant, no question arises on the fourth in-

struction.

For the reasons assigned, we order the judgment of the Supreme

Court of Alabama to be reversed.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Supreme Court of the state of Alabama, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, Iris now here ordered and adjudged by this court that the judgment of the said Supieme Cjurt of the state of Alabama be, and the same is hereby reversed with costs; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said Supreme Court, that further proceedings may be had therein, in conformity to the opinion of this court, arid as to law and justice shall appertain.

344

SUPREM'E COURT.

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

by a sheriff, all is by compulsion and no credit is allowed; he cannot offer one entire piece of property for sale in parcels ; the administrator can divide and sell as best subserves the interest of the heirs, and sell only so muchk as the emergency of the case requires.
It has been contended by the plaintiff's counsel, that the sale in the present case is not valid, because Peter-Grignon had not such an estate in the premises as could be sold under the order of the County Cou t, it being only an equitable one before the patent issued in 1829 ; but'the title became a legal one by its confirmation by the act of Congress of.February, 1823, which -wasequivalent to a patent. It -wasa higher e-idenbe of title, as it was the direct grant of the fee
which had been in the United States by the government itself,whereas the patent was only -the act of its ministerial officers. . These views of this case decide it, without examining the exceptions to the admission of evidence, the ruling of the court on the insfruction prayed, or their charge to the jury. So far as either were unfavourable to the plaintiff, they- are most fully sustained by the foregoing principles 'afid cases; the County Court of Brown county had undoubted jurisdiction of:(he subject; their proceedings are irreversible; the title of the purchaser'cannot be questioned ; and the judgment'of the-court below must be affirmed with costs.

This cause came on to -be heard on the transcript of the record from the. Supreme Court of the Territory of-Wisconsin, and was argued by counsel On donsideration whereof, It is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Supreme Court of the Teiritory of Wisconsin in this cause be, and the same is hereby'affirmed with costs.

PmnitE CHorTAv, SEN., PLi9YiFv-nq E oR,.v. WLLAtN ECKHART.
This coutrt has jurisdiction, under the twenty-fifth section of Ihe Judiciary act, in a Missouri land cause, where the title-is not to be determined by Spanish jaws alone, but where the cnstruction of an act of Congress is involved to sustain thp title.
The obligation of perfecting titles under Spanish concessions, which was as-

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

846

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

sumed by the United States in the Louisiana treaty, was a political obliga. tion,,to be carried out by the legislative department of the government. Congress, in confirming or rejecting claims, acted as the successor of the intendantgeneral; and both exercised, in this respect, a portion of sovereign power. The act'of Congress, passed on the 13th of June, 1812, confirming the titles and
claims of certain towns and villages to village lots and commons, gave a title' which is paramount to a title held under an old Spanish concession, confirmed by Congress in 1836.

Tins case was brought up from the Supreme Court of the state of Missouri, by a writ of error issued inder the 25th section of the Judiciary act of 1789.
The facts were these:, On the 11th of January, 1797, Charles Tayon presented the following petition:

To Don Zenon 'Trudeau, lieutenant-govemor of the western' part of Illinois, at St. Louis:
Charles Tayon, sub-lieutenant of infantry, pensioned by the king, captain of militia, commandant, under your orders, of the village of St. Charles, of Missouri, has the honour to pray you to grant him a. tract of timbered land of six arpens in width, fronting .on the (mar-, cies croche de la prairie bass6) Crooked swamp, in the row prairie, and extending to the Missouri, adjoining, on one side, to Mr. Ant. Janis, and on the other side, to lands not heretofore granted; favour which he expects of your justice. (Signed) CHAniLEs TAYON.
St. Louis, 11th January, 1797.
On the 23d of January, Trudeau returned the following answer:
St. Louis, January23, 1-797.
Having been informed that the land asked for, in order to procure. timber, is in no way fit to be improved, on account of the-inundations to which it is subject every year, and that the timber thereon is only good tp bum, and will renew itself in a short time, and therefore cannot be ruined, as the timber growing on the hills, which experience has shown will never grow up again; and the said land being in the vicinity of the village of St. Charles and of various farms, in the prairie of its 'dependency, which would have to go a great deal further tq procure wood; said tract shall remain (as well as all others. adjoining, either in ascending or descending the Missouri, and which have been asked-for by sundry pptitions, addressed to .us, together with the present, by Mr. Tayon) to the royal domain,
VOL. II.--44

346-

SUPREME COURT.

Chout-eau-v. Eckhart.

and for the common use of the said village of St. Charles, and for

the jlands already granted in the prairies, or to be granted hereafter:

all which Mr. Tayon shall make known to all the inhabitants, and

especially to those who have asked for land, and whose petitions I

herewith return.

(Signed) Z-oN Tntm-.Au.

On the -17th of November, 1800, Pierre Chouteau applied for an augmentation of a previous concession, as follows:

To Don Carlos Dehault Delassus, lieutenant-colonel attached to the stationary regiment of Louisiana, and lieutenant-governor of the
upper part of the same province:
Peter Chouteau, lieutenant of militia and commandant of the fort of Carondelet, in the Osage nation, has the honour to represent to you, that formerly he obtained of Don Manuel Perez, lieutenantgovernor of this part of Illinois, a concession for a tract of land of 10 arpens in front by as many in depth, to be taken on the left side of the Missouri, at about 20 arpens above St. Charles, upon which concession your petitioner has made all preparatory works for the construction of a water grist-mill, which was to be built on the creek comprised in his concession. The lieutenant-governor, Don Zenon Trudeau, -was pleased to grant to your petitioner an augmentation to the'said tract of 30 arpens in depth, all which is proven by the authentic documents necessary to this object.. The desire of profiting of the favour which the general government granted to all those,: who presented their titles to obtain their ratification, caused your petitioner to address those same bove-mentioned documents to a friend at New Orleans, to whom probably they have not been remitted, since.he could not effectuate their pre o.ntation; the said original documents having not been registered in the archives of this government, your petitioner would be in great perplexity had he not to offer to you-the attestation of Don Carlos Tayon, captain commanding te village of St. Charles, of Miss6uri, who at that time had a perfect knowledge of the original documents here above-mentioned, by virtue of which your petitioner was authorized to begin an establishment for which he has made considerable sacrifice.
Full of onfidence in the justice and generosity of the government, he hopes that after the attestation you may be pleased to take from the commandant of- St. Charles, you will have the goodness to ratify "(o him, and in 'the place, the security of a property which he has
been enjoying for more than'tonu years by virtue of the titles to -him

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

347

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

expedited by your predecessors, and of which he should wish that

you would be pleased to order the surveyor of the Upper Louisiana

to put him in possession in the following manner: to take two arpens

below the creek comprised in his concessioli, and above said creek

all the space which is between the said creek and the next plantation,

by the depth of forty arpens, in order' that, being possessed of the

certificate of survey which shall be delivered to him, he may, if

needed, have recourse to the superior authorities to obtain the- ratifi-

cation of the said title. The petitioner presumes to hope every thing

fronil your justice in the decision of the case which he has the honour

to submit to your tribunal.

PIE.RE CHOUTEAU.

St. Louis of Illinois, 17th of November, 1800.

On the 18th of November, 1800, Delassus referred the matter to

Tayon, who replied as follows:

St. Louis of Illino s, 17th of JVvember, 1800.

Cognisance being taken of the foregoing statement, the sub-lieu-

tenant in the royal army and captain of militia, commandant of the'

post of St. Charles, shall give, in continuation, information of all he

knows upon what is here asked.

DELAssus:

In compliance with the foregoing order, I 'd6 inform the lieute-

nant-governor that the statement of Don Pierre Chouteau is in all

conformable to truth, having had full knowledge of the titles men-

tioned by him in his petition, as well as of the considerable works he

has done on said land, of Which he has always been ackndwledged

as the proprietor.

CHARLES TAYON.

St. Louis, 25th November, 1800.

On the next day, the 26th of November, 1800, Delassus issued the following order:-
St. Louis of llinois, 26th .November, 1800. Having seen the foregoing informatio: and the just rights stated, by Don Pedro Chouteau, to whom an unexpected accident has deprived of his title of concessibn, and considering that he has been for a long time proprietor of the land in.question, the surveyor-of this' Upper Louisiana, Don Antonio Soulard, shall put him in possession, in the manner solicited, of the tract of land he petitions for; and the survey being executed, he shall draw a plat of said survey, which he shall deliver to the interested party, to serve to the said party to obtain the title in form from the general intendencv, to which tribunal alone

348

SUPREME COURT.

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

corresponds, by royal order, the distributing and granting all classes

oflands of the royal domain.

CaRLos DEHAULT DELwssus.

On the 18th of January, 1801, the inhabitants of the village of St. Charles had a meeting and adopted the following proceedings:
cc In the year eighteen hundred and one, on the 18th of January,
at the request of Mr, Louis Barrada, syndic for the fences of this parish, we, Charles Tayon, captain-commandant of the said St. Charles, have given-notice at the door of this said church, that all the inhabitants of this place should have to assemble this day in our government (house), in order to detbrmine vhether the commons at the lower end should be increased or not., The said inhabitants being then assembled, and the question being under deliberation, they all unanimously agreed, that for the interest of the said parish, the enclosed of the lands shall begin (acorn) by the side of Mr. Antoine Lamarche, and it shall be continued in descending to. the Crooked swvamp, all the way through the woods, to nearly opposite the house of the late Louis Hunault; thence it shall run in a straight line to the Missouri.
cc The said inhabitants having thus determined on this head, it was agreed that the syndic on duty this year shall cause to be measured the quantity of arpens of land which are included in the new augmentation of the commons, in order to (separter)distribute to each inhabitant what he is to do with it, according to the usages which have always been observed, without wronging any one whosoevu in the said distribution.
cc It has been further agreed in the said assembly, that if hereafter the commons of the upper end should need to be enlarged, in order to procure more pasturage for the cattlh, all the said inhabitants (s'y porterons)shall help in'doing the same, as thi! day they bind themselves to do for the lower end; always without prejudice to any one whosoever. And as the said inhabitants -will not undertake- any thing without the consent of the lieutenant-governor, they have judged proper that the present deliberation should be communicated to him, and that he be supplicated to preserve to the .said inhabitants.of St. Charles, of Missouri, their ul'per and lower commons, in their whole and entire state, and they will bind themselves to enclose the same as they have done heretofore, in order to preserve their grain and
other property.

JANUARY TERM; 1844.

349

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

",Done and agreed upon in our govemrent (house), day and year as above. And all the said inhabitants have signed or made their customary marks."

On the 26th of February, 1801, Delassus made the following reply:

St. Louis of llinois, Feruaiy206th, 1801.

All concessions and augmentations of property must be granted

by the intendant of these provinces, on a petition which is to be pre-

sented by those persons claiming lands , but if the comnons of the

inhabitafits of St. Charles is not sufficient for their cultivation, we do

permit them, provisionally, to enlarge the same according to their

wishes, without insuring to them the right of property, which they

are to apply for as above mentioned. And the provisional lines of

the said augmentation shall be drawn by Captain Antoine Soulard,

surveyor of Upper L6uisiana, who is the only person authorized to

survey under our orders. It being well understood that nothing

shall be done to-the prejudice of any person.

(Signed)

CiALos DnH WL.DELAssus.

On the 23d of February, 1804, Delassus issued another order as

follows:

C.-In consequence of the representation of the inhablitants of your post, which appears to me very just and well founded, after my decree of 26th February, in the year 1801, by which.the auginentation therein mentioned is granted to them, and for which they'have asked a survey by their petition of 27th April of the same year-

which petition you have kept to this day without making it known to me, for which I hold you responsible-I apprize yon-that the sur-

veys made in the said place cannot belong to any individual, but to the commons of St. Charles. Therefore you shall notify those who have had surveys made in the said place of this disposition, and you shall take the necessary measures for the execution of the whole sur-

vey asked fbr by the said petition of 27th April, according to the aforesaid decree of 26th February, in the.year 1801.

May God have.you in his holy keeping.

Signed in the original,

CAPLOS DEHAULT DEr.Assus.

Mr. Charles' Tayon.

St. Louis of Illnois, 23d February, 1804.

I certify that the above is a copy of the original, (official litter,) addressed to Mr. Charles Tayon by the ex-commander-in-chief of
2G

350

SUPREME COURT.

Cho'uteau v. Eckhart.

Umpepbeyr

Louisiana, the

Don

Carlos

Dehault

Delassus,

and

presented

to

citizens of note.of the village of St. Charles, while I was

commandant of the said village.

(Signed)

JAMs MACKAY.

On the 2d of March, 1804, the surveydr-general, Soulard, having made a survey and plat in conformity with the above order, issued the following certificate:"

I, Anthony Soulard, surveyor-general of Upper Louisiana, do hefeby certify, that a tract of land was surveyed, meted, and bounded for, and in presence of, the -syndic and inhabitants of St. Charles, (Missouri,) with th6 assistance of many of the inhabitants of said village, such as is represented in the plan hereto annexed, according to their petition "therefore, dated January 18th, 1801, and the decree

of the lieutenant governor, by which I am ordered to put them in possession of a sufficient quantity of land to serve them as a common; which'surveys being completed, I find the said tract of land to contain

14,000 arpens, (superficial measure,) the admeasurement being made with the perch of Paris, of 18 pies in length, also Paris measure ac-

cording to the usages or customs of this country, which tract of land is situate on the left side of the Missouri river, at about twenty-one miles from the town of St. Louis, bounded as follows, viz.: N. E., lands of the royal domain; S. E., the river Missouri; S. W., partly

by land of St. James dIEglise ; N. W., by sundries, namely, Francis Duquettei the inhabitants.of Marias Croche, lands at the Mamelles, lands of various proprietors, and lastly, by lands of Frs. Dugette,

Joseph Tayon, John Tayon, and royal domain. This survey and admeasurement made without noticing the variation magnetic needle, which is (now) 7' 301 E.;. the whole as represented in the plan hereto prefixed, in which the courses, distances, metes, bohnds, &c.,

are noted.

This survey made in conformity to the decree of the late lieutenant governor, Ch. D. Delassus, dated February 26th, 1801, which is

hereto annexed, the whole' laid down from the field-notes of my

deputy, James Mackay, dated on the 27th (day following) of the

month. of February, of this present year, which I signed.

St. Louis, March 2d, 1804.

ANTHONY SOULARD.

.. otes.-AU the metes and comers are designated in the plan. All the trees in the lines are blazed, with two notches below the blaze. Tne trees on the right and left of the lines are merely blazed. A. is

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

351

Chouteau v. Eckhart

a, tract of land subdivided among several persons, and called the Cul de Sac lands. C. is a tract also granted to several persons, and called the Grand Prairie.
I, Anthony Soulard, surveyor-general of Upper Louisiana, do hereby certify, that the above plan and notes of a survey agree in every part with'the originals, which are filed in my office.
ANTUONY.-SOULAD, Surv. Gen.
St. Louis of Illinois, March 2d, 1804. On the 2d of March, 1805, Congress passed an act " for ascertaining and adjusting the titles and claims to land within the territory of Orleans and the district of Louisiana ;" the general purport of which was to .recognise all existing grants. It further provided for the appointment of three persons who should examine and decide on all claims submitted to them and report the result to the secretary of the treasury, who was directed to communicate it to Congress. On the 3d of February, 1806, the inhabitants of the village of St. Charles laid such of the above papers as relate to their title before the commissioners appointed under the act of 1805, and claimed a common for the general benefit'of the inhabitants. On the 3d of March, 1807, Congress passed another act relating to these land-titles, explanatory and corrective of the preceding act. Both claims, that of Chouteau and the inhabitants of the village, were presented to the commissioners, who rejected Chouteau's and took-no notice of the claim of the inhabitants of the village. On the 13th of June, 1812, Congress passed another act c making firther provision for settling the claims to land in the territory of Missburi ;" in which, amongst other things, it is enacted, " That the rights, titles, and claims to town or village lots, out-lots, common field lots, and commons, in, adjoining, and belonging to the several towns or villages of Portage des Sioux, St. Charles, &c., &c., &c., which lots have been inhabited, cultivated, or possessed priorto the 20th day of December, 1803, shall be, and the same are hereby confirmed to the inhabitants of the respective towns or.villages aforesaid, according to their several right.or rights in common thereto : provided, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect the rights of any persons claiming the same lands, or any part thereof, whose. claims have been confirmed by the board of commissioners for adjust-. ing and settling claims to land in the said territory." In 1813 another act was passed upon the subject, which does not appear to have any materialbearing upon the case.

1 52

SUPREME COURT.

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

On the 26th of May, 1824, Congress passed another act cc enabling the claimants to lands within the limits of the state of Missouri and territory of Arkansas, to institute proceedings to try the validity of their claims." It allowed any -persons claiming lands under old grants or surveys, under certain circumstances, to present a petition to the District Court of the state of Missouri, which court was authorized to give a decree in the matter, reviewable, if need be, by the Supreme Court of the United States. The 5th section provided that a claim not before the District Court in two years, or not prosecuted
to final judgment in three years, should be for ever barred, both at law and in equity; and the 7th section directed that where a claim tried under the provisions of. the act, should be finally decided against the claimant, or barred by virtue of any of the provisions of the act, the land specified in such claim, should, forthwith, be held and taken as part of the public lands of the United States, subject to the same disposition as -any other public land in the same district.
This act was continued in force by the act of the 26th lay,
1826, for two years; and by the act of 24th May, 1828, it was continued in force for the purpose of filing petitions, until the 26th day of May, 1829, and for the purpose of adjudicating upon the claims,. until the 26th day of May, 1830.
Neither the claim of Chouteau nor the inhabitants of the village of St. Chairles appears to have been presented to the District Court under any of these acts.
On the 27th of January, 1831, Congress passed another act, being a supplement to the act of 1812, in which it was declared, "cThat the United States do hereby relinquish to the inhabitants of the several towns or villages of Portage des Sioux, St. Charles, &c., &c., &c., all the right, title, and interest of the United States, in and to the town or village lots, out-lots, common field lots, and commons, in, adjoining, and belonging to the said towns or vilages, confirmed to them respectively by the first section of the act of Congress, entitled, &c., passed on the 13th 'day of June, 1812."
On the 9th of July, 1832, Congress passed "can act for the final adjustment of 'rivate' land-claims in Missouri," which authorized
commissioners to examine all the unconfirmed claims to land in that state, &c. &c., to class them, and at the commencement of each session of Congress during said term of-examination, lay before the commissioner of the general.land-office a report of the claims so classed,

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

358

Chouteau v. Eckhar.t.

&c., to be laid before Congress for their final decision upon the

claims contained in the first class.

On the 9th of November, 1832I,Choutean presented his claim to

these commissioners, who, on the 2d of November, 1833M, unani-

mously determined that the claim ought to be confirmed to the said

Peter Chouteau, or to his legal representatives, according to the con-

cession. Before this decision- was made, Congress, by an act passed

on the 2d of March, 1833, had directed the comnissioners to em-

brace every claim to a dcfnatior of land, held in virtue of settlement

and cultivation.

On the 4th of July, 1836, Congress passed another act confirming

elaim:4 to land in the state of Missouri, by which it was declared that

the decisions in favour of land-laimimts, made by the above commis-

sioners were confirmed, savingand reserving, however, to all adverse

claimants, the right to assert the validity of their claims in a court or

courts of justice; and the second section declared that-if it should be

found that any tract or tracts thus confirmed, or any part thereof, had

been previously located by any other person or persons under any

law of the United States, or had been surveyed or sold by the United

States, the present act should confer no title to such.lands in opposi-

tion to the rights acquired by- such location or purchase, &c. &c.

In Jariuary and February, 1837, Chouteau had the land surveyed,

which he claimed under the above confirmation, and it was admitted

upon the trial that- this survey included the land in possession of

Eckhart' for which the present ejectment was brought

Chouteau having brought an ejectment, the cause came on to be

tried in May, 1840. The defendant, Eckhird, endeavoured to show

an outstanding title in the inhabitants of the village of St. Charles,

under the grant for a common.

Upon the trial, the plaintiff, Chouteau, offered in evidence such of

the facts above detailed as bear upon his title, and the defendrnt, in'

addition, gave the following evidence:

He then proved, by Judge Spencer, that he (witness) came to St,'

Louis in the winter of i796 ; that he came to St. Charles in the win-

ter of 1798; when he.came to St. Charles, the town was surrounded

by a fence. The witness, looking on the plat of the survey of the

commons, said that the claim of Spencer under Rybolt was granted

to cbnform to the fence of the commons, and to have the fence of the

commons as its northern line; and, looking upon the plat of survey

given in evidence by the plaintiff; says the whole of the land covered.

VOL. I.-45

2 G2

354

SUPREME COURT;-

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

by the plaintiff's claim, as laid down on that plat, was included in the commons fence, which was standing when he came, here, and remained until after 1804.
Mr. Cunningham, another witness of the defendant, said that he was a deputy-surveyor of the United States, and, as such, he has surveyed the.exterior lines of the commons of the town of St. Charles; that, in making such survey, he in some places found the lines of the Spanish survey, in others the timber was cut down, and, in prairie land, no lines of courses could be found; and that the Spanish survey conformed to the plat given in evidence in this cause.
This being all the evidence, the court, on motion of the defendant, instructed the jury, that, "cif they believed, from the evidence, that the premises in controversy are included in the tract of land surveyed under the authority of the Spanish lieutenant-governor of Upper Louisiana, for the commons of the town of St. Charles, and held by the inhabitants of said town, and enclosed by them as their commons, ander the Spanish government, the plaintiff cannot recover in this action;" to which instruction the plaintiff, by his counsel, excepts,. and prays the court to sign this his bill of exceptions, which is done, and the same is 'Made part of the record.
Both plaintiff and defendant gave in evidence sundry acts of Congress, and defendant gave in evidence a private act of the legislature of the state of Missouri, which they.agree shall not be set out in the bill of exceptions, but may be read, and considered evidence in the Supreme Court, as if here inserted.
The jury, under this instruction found a verdict for the defendant. The case was carried to the Supreme Court of Missouri, where the judgment was affirmed, from *bich it was brought, by writ of error, to this court.

Lawless and Bogg, for the plaintiff in error. Gamble, for the defendant in error.
The counsel for the plaintiff made the following points: Ist. That his title to the land in question is protected by the treaty of cession of 1803, article 3d, and confirmed by the Congress of the United States as such. 2d, That the title attempted to be shown in the town of St. Charles has not been sustained by any proof of grant by Spain or France, or by any grant or act of Congress since the treaty of cession. 3d. That the defendant having shown no title in himself, and no

JANUARY TERM, '1844.

255

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

outstanding legal estate, the decision of the Supreme Court of Mis-" souri, overruling a claim, right, and title derived from the Spanish government, guarantied by the treaty of cession and confirmed by Congress, iserroneous and ought to be reversed.
In support of the first point, they cited the cases of Delassus and Ch6uteau and Mackay, reported in 9 Peters, and contrasted those cases with the present.
Assuming then, as demonstrated, that the plaintiff's title wa§ .prima facie good, his counsel will proceed to analyze that set up by the defendant, which the court will have already observed, is simply an attempt to show an outstanding legal estate, in the tract confirmed to Peter Couteau, in the town of St. Charles, or in the trustees of that town. The defendant has not shown any derivative title in him to the land in question, nor any colour for his possession thereof.
The question then, before the court is, whether the title of the town of St. Charles to their commons is paramount to that of the plaintiff, and includes the land which, as has been shown, was granted by the Spanish authorities to Peter Chouteau. If this question be resolved negatively, it must follow, that the decision of the Supreme Court of Missouri has been erroneously given against the itle and right of Chouteau specially set up under the treaty of cession and the acts of Congress, and'the repeated decision's of the Supreme Court in analogous cases.
The court will please to observe that no specifi. grant has been" given in evidence by the defendant, of land as commons to the village of St. Charles.
The documents which have been given in evidence by thd defendant will be seen, not only not to constitute a grant of commons, but specifically to refute the presumption of, and to negative such a grant.
In order to arrive at the conclusion that the town of St. Charles had title to a tract of land as commons, and that the land in question formed part of that tract, and that a legal estate in the whole of that common tract was outstanding against.the plaintiff in ejectment, the counsel for the defendant were compelled to contend that the act of Congress of the 13th June, 1812, entitled "can act making further provision for settling the claims to land in the territory of Missouri," had the effect, proapio vigore, of confirming to the town (or village) of St. Charles, the title to the whole of the 14,000 acres included in the survey given in evidence by the defendant as common ccadjoining and belonging to" that town, (village).

:356

SUPREME COURT.

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

This interpretation of the act of 1812 has been adopted by the Supreme Court of Missouri, and, as a corollary or consequence of this construction, it has been decided by that court that a confirmation by the act of 1812 of commons, necessarily annuls or neutralizes, as against the inhabitants of the town or village, all grants or surveys made under the French or Spanish government, no matter of what date, which previous to the passage of the act of 1812 had not been "cconfirmed by the board of commissioners for adjusting and settling claims to land" in the then territory of Missouri.
The first section of the act of 1812-is relied on by defendant and by the Supreme Court of Missouri for the above operation. The counsel for the plaintiff in error submits that such a construction of the act of 1812, sect. 1st, is in opposition to the terms 'of the act itself, and would also be violatory of rights vested at the date of the treaty of. cession, and protected by that treaty and by acts of Congress;
The first*section of the act (the only part of that law which bears on the subject) enacts,, "cthat the rights, titles, and claims to, in town or yillage lots, out-lots, common field lots and commons, or adjoining and belonging to the several towns or villages of Portage des Sioux3 St. Charles, St. Louis and others in the Territory of Missouri, which lots have been inhabited, cultivated; and possessed prior to the 20th day of December, 1803, shall be, and the same are hereby confirmed to the inhabitants of the respective towns or villages aforesaid, according to their several right or rights in common thereto, provided that nothing herein shall be construed to affect the rights of any persons claiming the same lands, or any part thereof, whose claims have been confirmed by the board of commissioners for adjusting and settling claims to land in said territory."
It is manifest from the terms of this section, that it was not the intention of Congress to confirm any lots or commons which did not on the 20th of December' 1803, belong to the several towns or villages mentioned respectively. The words "ein, adjoining, and belonging to the several towns and villages" are surely significant and explicit terms-the words c which lots have been inhabited, cultivated, or possessed prior to the 20th December, .1803," are not more explicit and significant than, the former 'words cc in adjoining and belonging to"--yet the Supreme Court of Missouri have solemnly
decided in the case of Jonas Newman v. L. E. Lawless, Missouri Reports, 279, that the first section of the act of 1812 could have no

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

357

Chouteau v. Ejokhart.

confirmatory operation, in. the case of a town lot in St. Louis, unless it were distinctly proved that on the 20th December, 1803, the lot existed as a St. Louis town lot. In that case the plaintiff Newman having failed to prove that essential fact, the judgment rendered against him in the Circuit Court was affirmed by the Supreme Court of Missouri. The Supreme Court of Missouri based their decision on the terms of the act which manifestly call for the existence of a town lot, and the possession of it as such on the*20th December, 1803, as essential to the confirmatory operation of the law.
It is submitted that precisely the same sound principle of 'construction ought to have been applied by the Supreme Court of Missouri to the case b'rfore the court, and it is contended that if it had been so applied, it would have led the Supreme Court to a decision in favour of the plaintiff. There could be no greater reason or justice for the confirmation of a title to a piece of ground as common, which did. not belong as common to a village; than for the confirmation of a lot which. did not exist or did not belong to anybody on the 20th December, 1803.
The Supreme Court of Missouri, in the present case, -observe that there seem to be no questions arising in this case which were not involved inthe case of Byrd v. Montgomery, 6 Missouri Rep.'510.
With great respect for the Supreme Court of Missouri, the counsel for' the plahitiff in error contend that the facts in the case of Byrd v. Montgomery. are totally different from those of the -present case.
In the case of Byrd. v. Montgomery, there was no grant of the specific tract of land to the person under whom the defendant claimed title. The defendant in that case set up, (as against the title of the town under the act of 1812,) a concession to one Francis Giguiere, dated 14th May, 1800, which was what is termed a floating concession, authorizing (a location and survey on any part of the royal domain. No survey was made under' this concession during the Spanish government, and the confirmation was reported by the recorder in 1815, on the. ground of settlement right, arising out of improve-
ment. The Supreme Court of Missouri were of opinion, that this confir-
mation in 1815, by the recorder, was subordinate to the confirmation of' the commons of St. Charles by the act of 13th June, 1812, section 1st.
It is by no means the intenti9n of the counsel for the plaintiff in

358

SUPREME COURT.

Chouteau v. Eckhar.t.

error, to assent to the correctness of, the doctrines laid down in the case of Bird v. Montgomery. Quite the reverse; but the counsel for the plaintiff in error contend, that the title of the plaintiff in error in this case is totally different from that of Montgomery.
in the present case the grant to Chouteau, as has been observed, was special--it required no survey to locate it or ascertain its metes and bounds-these were specially described in the grant to Chouteau. Again, in Siguin's case, there was no possession--no improvementno expenditure of money, skill, or labour in compliance with, and upon the condition imposed in the grant. In Giguiere's case there was no severance effected in favour of the grantee, of'the land granted from the public domain. The treaty of cession, therefore, did not specially guaranty the land as it clearly did in the present case. The'confirmation by the recorder in 1815 was based on cultivation in or prior to 20th December, 1803, and by virtue of the donation law of 1805, and the 3d section of the act of 1812. The report of the recorder of the lst November, 1815, which embraced Siguin's settlement, was affirmed by the act of 29th April, 1816. It is manifest, therefore, that Giguiere's title emanated'from a donation law of Congress, and not from an ancient and paramount Spanish grant, which, as in the. principal case, severed the land from the royal domain, and as such was protected by the treaty as private property.
It certainly has not been said or decided in.the Supreme Court of Missouri, that a~mere claim, without any shadow of right, could be enforced by Congress to the prejudice of an existing right and titleparticularly such a right and title as that vested in the plaintiff in
error. The very reverse has. been laid down by the Supreme Court of
Missouri in the case of the widow and heirs of Mackay v. Dillon, 7 'Missouri Rep. 7. The language of that court in- that case'is unambiguous on this point. They say, "that only such claims as were founded on right were designed to be confirmed. A mere claim, unaccompanied by any shadow of right, is clearly not such a claim as any act of Congress could donfirm. The force of the term confirmation, of itself, implies some sort of a title in previous existence."
It is true that the Supreme Court of Missouri, in the above case, came to the conclusion that the title of the inhabitants under the 1st section of the act of 1812, june 13th, to commons, was paramount to that of the plaintiff, who claimed under a grant and survey made

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

359

Chouteaun v. ,Eckhart.

under the Spanish government to their ancestor, and a grant ,anil survey recognised by ihe claimants of the commons, and laid down specially on the .plot of survey, made in 1806 by Mackay himself, and submitted in support of the claim.
While the counsel for the plaintiff in error protest against the conclusi6n to which te Supreme Court of Missouri has arrived in the above case, as illogical, and utterly illegal and unconstitutional; they nevertheless feel ju'stified in availing themselves.of the admissions of that court, as above cited, to demonstrate thAt the doctrine insisted on by the defendant in this case, namely: that the act of 1812 confirmed to the people of St. Charles 14,000 acres of land, including the tract granted to the plaintiff, cannot be sound unless he previously

establish that the tract claimed by the plaintiff constituted a part of the commons of St. Charles, on the 20th December, 1803. The words of the 1st section of the act of 13th June, 1812, would re.lly seem to preclude all doubt on this point. According to those words, no rights, titles, or claim. to commons are confirmed but those cto commons adjoining and belonging" to the several towns 'and villages. named, and "caccording to theii right in common thereto.' To contend that this act could confirm or grant commons which were "cnot?' adjoining and belonging to, those towns or villages, and to which the inhabitants had no "cright in.common," would be to make a new law, and positively repeal that of 1812.
When we examine the action of Congress, on the French and Spanish unconfirmed titles at the date of the passage of the act of 1812, it must be manifest that it could not havd been the intention of Congress "to interfere with or transfer" (to use the language of Chief Justice Marshall in the above-cited cae of Delassus under Deluzieres) to the town of St. Charles, the. tract claimed by Pierre ·ChQuteau. As has been, shpwn, the claim of the plaintiff in error under his grant, had been placed before the first- board of com-
missioners, under the act of 1805, was duly filed with the United States recorder, and had been, previously to the treaty of cession, actually registered among the archives of the Spanish government at
St. Louis, as appears by the certificate of the surveyor-general Soulard, and by the book of Spanish record in St. Louis, to which he refers. This court will please to direct its attention to the act oi Cbngress, approved February 15, 1811. 2 Story's Laws, 1178.
It will be seen that Congress by the 6th and 10th sections of that act, specially provided that no land should be disposed of at public or

SUPREME COURT.
Chouteau v. Eckhart.
private sale, "the. claim to which has been in due time and according to law presented to the recorder of land-titles and filed in his-officefor the purpose of being investigated by the commissioners." The court will also see that in no case was the decision of the commissioners in Missouri final, when that decision was against the claimant. Congress uniformly, in all the, acts passed from 1805, to 13th June, 1812, inclusive, reserved the power to pass finally on those claims.
It is not contended that the act of 1812 amounted to a final disposition by Congress of the claim, right, and title, of Pierre Chouteau, Sen:, to the land now in question.
The acts of Congress, since passed for the relief of claimants under French and Spanish unconfirmed titles in Missouri ,and Arkansas, demonstrate that Congress considered Chouteau's title as still in being, and not destroyed or even weakened by any antecedent law.
If this be not so, it must follow that the act of Congress of May 26, 1824, tie act of 1828 continuing the act of 1824, the acts of i832 and 1833; and lastly the act of 4th July, 1836, specifically confirming the- title of the plaintiff in error, -must have been all of them absurd and without a subject-matter to act-upon. If the right, title, and claim of Chouteau to the tract now in question,,had been extinguished by the confirmation to the towni of St. Charles, it would seem that it, thencefoi-ward, must have ceased to exist. It would be, it is submitted, a solecism, a contradictionin terms, to contend that Chouteau's title, though a nullity as against the titic of the town of St.-Charles, could have any being or validity as against the United States.
It seems, therefore, manifest that the utmost operation that can be given to the act of 1812 in'favour of tho towns and villages mentioned is, that of a transfer by the United States to those towns and villages of the right, title; and claim of the United States to ail such land adjoining -these towns and villages as belonged to these towns or villages as-commons, and had not ibeen granted to private individuals. and were not protected by existing laws or treaties.
HaVing said this much on the general principles upon which the 1st 'section of the act of 1812:bught to be-construed and administered, and having'shown, that excluding from our consideration the title set up by the defendant under the. town of.-St.; Charles, the plaintiff has established his -prima.fade case, the counsel for the plaintiff in error will now 'proceed, as summarily as they can, to

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

861

Chouteau v. Eckhart

examine the grounds of the claim of the town of St. Charles to the

tract in question as forming part of its common, and hope to be able

to satisfy the court that the very documents given in evidence by the

defendant negative,, most positively, the claim of the inhabitants to

the land for which this action was brought against the defendant

William Eckhatt.

(The counsel then examined Tayon's petition and Trudeau's

answer, which are set fortl in the statement of the case, and con-

tended that the land of the plaintiff was not included, because the

Marais Croche was situated below the town of St. Charles, and the

grant of the plaintiff above the town; 'and also that the character of

the land did not accord with that claimed by the plaintiff.)

Again, in the response of the lieutenant-governor there is no grant

at all of common to the village ofSt. Charles. There is only a decla-

ration that the wooded and low ground asked- for by Tayon shall

remain royal domain, and that the inhabitants of St. Charles may

use it to obtain fuel. It is manifest that at the date of this answer of

the lieutenant-governor to Tayon no grant had ever previously been

made or even asked'for of common. 'rayon in his petition treats the

land he asks for as land of the domain, and the lieutenant-governor

in his reply affirms this view of it, and at the utmost assents to the

use of it, until further order,'by the inhabitants. It is difficult to

imagine why or how this document can be relied on or used to

establish the existence, in favour of the village of St. Charles on the

20th December, 1803, of any-common right to the Chouteau tract,

or indeed of any definite commons at all, upon which the 1st section

of the act of 13th June, 1812, can possibly operate.

(The counsel then 'examined the proceedings of the inhabitants of

the village, as detailed in the statement and observed,)

It is manifest from the above proceedings of the inhabitants of St.

Charles, that at its date they bad but a small tract which they used

as common, or for the purpose of fuel, and that that part must have

been the same referred to by Don Zenon Trudeau, in his answer to

Tayon, and therefore situated on the Marais Croche below St. Charles.

It is also manifest that the inhabitants at the date of said proceedings

had no grant of commons from the Spanish government of any land

adjoining the village; and that the 1lnguage of Zenon Trudeau,

treating the woodland as royal domain, was assented to by the inhabi-

tants of St. Charles, not only in 1797, but on the 18th of January,

1801, the date of the proceedings.

VOL. I.--46

2 H-

SUPREME COURT.
Chouteau v. Eckhart.
It is manifest also, that those simple people never intended by the extension of the common to interfere with any private vested interest or right. They pledge themselves to exert themselves, but-" always without prejudice .to the interests of any person." They evidently never intended.to deprive Pierre Chouteau of his property. They must al of them have been perfectly acquainted with Chouteau's land. The works executed by Chouteau and his ancient possession must have been notorious, and it is not to be supposed that the inhabitants of the village who were employed by Chouteau on his land, could have been ignorant of his claim to it. This view of those proceedings is submitted in, order the better to understand the effect and import of the other documents, and evidence offered in suiport of the claim of commons in this case.
(The counsel then examined the effect of the meeting of the inhabitants which took place in January, 1801, and the order consequent upon it; and argued that no grant could be inferred from that order. Thei-then examined the survey of Mackay, and contended,
1. This survey is totally unauthorized by the decree in obedience to'which it is recited to be made.
2. This survey,, admitting its exterior lines to have been correctly run, arnd in conformity to the order of the lieutenant-governor, does not conflict at all with. the. grant of the plaintiff in error, but is consistent with its existence andvalidity.
Whichpoints were argue, at length.) In conclusion, the fQllowing were, stated as the points which t.: -agumentwas considered as establishing, 1st. That the title of the plaintiff-in 'error to the tract granted to him on the 25th of November, 1800, by the lieutenant-governor of Upper Louisiana, is protected and guarantied by the treaty of cession, article 3, and has been specifically confirmed by the act of the 4th July,. 1836. 2d. That the United States survey, No. 2982, given in evidence by the plaintiff, identifies the' land so granted. 3d That by virtue of said grant and survey so guarantied by treaty and confirmed by act of Congress, the plaintiff in error is entitled to the possession -of'the whole of the land included in said grant aoid survey. 4th. Thatthe act of June 13, 1812, did not operate as a grant of the land, included in the grant and survey of the plaintiff in error, to the town of St, Charles fok commons, or for any other purpose.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

363

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

5th. That neither the town of St. Charles nor the defendant'has shown any title whatever, to the land included in the United States survey, No. 2982, given in evidence on behalf of the plaintiff in error.
6th. That the survey and certificate offered in evidence by the defendant, are erroneous, iltegai,, and on the face of them void. . 7th. That admitting the survey, No. 2982, to be within the exterior lines of the survey given in evidence by the defendant, of the commons of St. Charles, it does not follow that the grant and survey of'the plaintiff in error are absorbed and annulled.
8th. That tie town of St. Charles is estopped from denying' the plaintiff's title.
9th. That the title of the plaintiff in error to the land included in survey,No. 2982, is clear, definite, and specific, and clothed with all possible documentary form, coupled with a possession of upwards of
twenty years. 10th. That the title set up by the town -of St. Charles' is; in its
inception, uncertain, illegal, and even fraudulent. 11th. That the instruction given to the jury who tried the. eject-
ment,by the Circuit Court of Missouri, on motion of the defendant, to wit: "cThat ift"he-jury believed from the evidence that the premises in controversy are included in the tract of land surveyed under the authority of the Spanish lieutenant-governor'of Upper Louisiana for the commons of the town of St. Charles, and held by said town, and enclosed by them 9s their common, under the Spanish govern: ment, the plaintiff cannot recover in this action," were, illegal and unjust instructions, inasmuch as they assume facts as proved which were not proved, and leave matters of pure law to be'decided by the jury, and were calculated to lead the jury into a mistake and misap-
prehension of fact and of law.

Gamble, for the defendant in error.'It appears that both parties 'claim the land, under titles originating
under the Spanish goyernment in Louisiana. 'So far as there is a confllct between these Spanish titles, and so far as the court of 'Mis: souri have decided between the parties on the relative merits of these titles, it is believed that the Supreme Court .ofthe-United States have not the jurisdiction to review the judgments of the state courts.
The courts of Missouri, in deciding upon the rights of parties, as they existed under the Spanish government, are governed by the

364

SUPREME COURT.

Chouteau v. Eckhart

Spanish law, and neither the treaty of cession, nor the laws of the United States, are drawn in question in such decisions. If either party, by invoking the treaty as the guaranty of his rights, could draw his case within the cognisance of the Supreme Court (: the
United States, then all questions which may arise about property in Missouri, Arkansas, or Louisiana, claimed by title originating under the former governments, may be brought before this court. This question may, however, be regarded as settled, by the decision of this court -, the case of the City of New Orleans v. De Armas and Cucullu, 9 Peters, 224. So far, then, as the state courts have decided this case, upon the comparative merits of the two Spanish titles exhibited by the parties, that decision will be regarded as conclusive
by this court, uless, in making that decision, the state courts have improperly disregarded the claim of the plaintiff, as it may have been asserted under an act of Congress.
The plaintiff, in this case, exhibits his claim to the land in question, as commencing under the Spanish authorities, and then produces the act of Congress of the -4th of July, 1836, (4 Story's Laws of the United States, 2515,) as the confirmation of his title.
The defendant exhibits the title of the inhabitants of the town of St. Clarles, under whom he claims this same land, as also commencing under the Spanish government, and as confirmed by the act of Congress of the 13th June, 1812. 2 Story's Laws of the United States, 1257.
The court of -St. Charles decides, between these two itles, in favour of that set up by the'defendant.
If the question were between the tiles, only as Spanish titles, the state courts would have the exclusive right to determine it, but here are two acts of Congress, under which the parties severally claim, as the completion of their respective incomplete Spanish titles, and the state courts have supported the title of the defendant, under the confirmation by the act of 13th June, 1812.
The instruction given by the Circuit Court leaves to the jury to decide, from the evidence, " whether the land in question is included in the tract surveyed, under the authority of the Spanish lieutenantgovernor, for the c6mmon of the town of St. Charles, and held by the inhabitants of said town, and enclosed by them as their common, under the Spanish government ;' and pronounces the law, that if the land is embraced in such claim of common, then the plaintiff cannot recover in this action. The jury have found that the land is included

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

365"

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

in the tract thus surveyed, thus held and enclosed as a common, under the Spanish government.
The instruction of the court is founded upon a comparison of the Spanish title to the commons, confirmed by the act of 1812, -with the Spanish title of the plaintiff, as confirmed by the act of 1836; and is a decision in favour of the commons' title.
As this case fairly presents the question between two confirmations, by different acts of Congress, it becomes proper to consider the effect of such confirmations upon the legal title. It is to be borne in mind, that the act of Jme, 1812, confirms the claims to commons, as the final act of the government, and contemplates no other evi-. dence of title to be thereafter given by the government; it is not a confirmation in the future, or dependent upon any condition; its language is, " the claims to commons," &c., " shall be, axid the same are hereby confirmed."
It is believed to be clear, upon principle and authority, that when an act of Congress of this character has passed, and nothing remains to be done by any officer of the government to convey the title, the title passes by the act itself, and no shadow of title remains in the government to be conveyed subsequently to another individual.
The Supreme Court of Missouri has uniformly maintained this doctrine, and.although the decisions of that court are not of binding authority in this tribunal, -when construing an act of Congress, yet they are entitled to much consideration in a case like the present, when we reflect that such acts of Congress operate on.a class of landtitles with which that court is 'familiar, and in which the citizens ofthe state are largely interested; and that acts of this description are always passed at the instance, and utpon the urgent solicitation of the citizens of the state in which the lands to be affected lie. Under such circumstances, the proper m'eaning and effect of -such acts are at once presented to the legal mind of the state, and are kept before *that mind, until the acts receive a construction founded upon an acquaintance with the whole subject on which the acts. operate. This construction is to be found in the decisions of the courts. While, therefore, this court, in examining a statute designed to operate throughout the United States, or through many of the states, (as do all general laws in relation to the public' lands,) will be but little influenced by the authority of a state decision ; it will be persuasively influenced by such a decision giving the interpretation of
212

366

SUPREME COURT.

Chouteau v. Eckhart-

an act of Congress which is local, and is applicable to a subject peculiarly within the acquaintance of the state tribunal.
(The counsel here commented on the decisions -of tha Supreme Conrt of Missouri in the cases Vasseur v. Benton, 1 Mo. Rep. 296 ; Bird v. Montgomery, 6 Mo. Rep. 510.; Mackay's heirs v. Dillon, 7 Mo. Rep. 7; and also Strother v. Lucas, 12 Peters, 454.)
It is submitted to the court that in whatever light a confirmation by act of Congress is to be viewed, whether as a new grant, or as connecting itself with the original title or claim of the confirmee, it must have the effect of passing the title of the United States, so that no subsequent grant or confirmation can give a legal title to the subsequent grantee.
If this conclusion be correct, the next question for consideration is, wlether the confirmation of the common of the town of St. Charles, by the act of 18.12, passed the title to the land in controversy? On this question, the counsel for the plain.iff have argued, that the title, or claim, of the town to this land was not such a title as Congre'. could have intended to confirm by the act of 1812.
As the attempt is made, in this case, to escape from the obvious meaning of the act, by a critical examination of its language, it is properr to consider'its terms with some care. The confirning section enacts, "That the rights, titles, and claims to .town or village lots, out-lots, common field lots, and commons, in5 adjoining, and belonging to the several towns or villages of Portage de Sioux, St. Charles, St. Louis, &c., which lots have been inhabited, cultivated, or possessed Frior to the 20th day of December, 1803, shall be, and the same are Jiereby confirmed to the inhabitants of the respective towns
or villages aforesaid, according to their several right or rights in common thereto.'
(The counsel th~n refeired, for the history of the act, to Am. St. Papers, Public Lands, pp. 377, 549, and to the communication of Mr. Penrose to Mr. Gallatin; also that of Mr. Riddick to the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands; and then entered into a comparison of the titles of the plaintiff and defendant respectively.)
I proceed now, to exaniine the plaintiff's claim, as it has been acted upon by the legislation of the United States.
In the remarks that have been made upon the confirmation of the plaintiff's title by the act of 4th July, 1836, it has been considered as if it were a general confirmation, without any restriction, and it has been attempted to be shown, and it is believed successfully, that

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

367

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

even regarded in that light, it cannot prevail in this action over the confirmatioff of the commons. But I will proceed to show, from-the laws of the United States, that tlis claim of the plaintiff has at one period been extinguished, as having any colour of title to the land, and that the subsequent act of confirmation, which was amere gratuity,' was not intended by the government to interfere with the titles which it bad previously granted or recognised.
From the time the United States took possession of Louisiana- theie' has always been manifested a strong desire to adjust -the claims of indi*iduals to any land in the territory; -with,great promptitude, and upon the.fairest trinciples. Tribunals have, from time to time, been established, to investigate the claims, with power, in some instances, to decide on the merits of the claims upon the most enlarged principles of equity, and in other instances, with authority to report their opinions to Congress for its final action. The desire to have all the claims promptly settled, isshown in the provisions of the various laws imposing penalties on those who should fail to exhibit their claims for investigation within the times prescribed.. The following is a brief statement of these enactments:-
The proviso to the 4th section .Qf the act of 2d March, 1805, (2 Story's Laws United States, 967,) declares, "that any incomplete grant, warrant, or order of survey, deed of conveyance, or other written evidence, which shall not be recorded as -above directed, shall never after beconsidered, oradmitted as evidence in any court of the United States, against any grant derived from the United States."
The 5th section of the act of 3d March, 1807, (2 Story's Laws United States, 1060,) contains a similar provision.
The '7th section of.the act of 13th June, 1812, extends the time for filing. notices by actual settlers on the land claimed, under a similar penalty. 2 Story, 1260.
The 1st section of the act of 3d.March, 1813, authorizes those who have filed notices to file the evidences bf title, under the same. penalty.
These earlier acts are referred to, not as having any direct operation on the plaintiff's claim,,but to showthe uniformity of the legislation in kelation to these claims, and to show that the provisions of subsequent acts, which do affect the plaintiff's claim, aie not new or extraordinary provisions.
The act of 26thMay, 1824, (3 Story, 1959,) which created a special jurisdiction in the courts of the United States, was designed to bring

368

SUPREME COURT.

Choutean v. Eckhart.

these claims to a final close. The 5th section of that act provides, that a claim not brought before the District Court in two years, or not prosecuted to final judgment in three years, shall be for ever barred, both at law and in equity. The 'th section provides, that where a claim isbarred, by being decreed aggainst, " or by any of the provisions of the act, the lands shall forthwith be held and taken as a part of the public lands of the United States, subject to the same disposi-
tion as any other public lands." This act was continued in force by the act of the 26th May, 1826,
for two years, and by the act of 24th May, 1828, it was continued in force, for the purpose of filing petitions, until the 26th day of May, 1829, and for the purpose of adjudicating upon the claims, until the 26th day of May, 1830.
The record in.this case shows no presentation of this claim to the District Court; and for the purpose of the question now under consideration, it is to be assumed, that it was not presented, or if presented, was decided against; the effect being the same in either case. It is certain, that it has not been confirmed by the courts, as the only
confirmation relied on by the plaintiff is that of 1836. Now, the right of the government to require a diligent prosecfition
of these claims, and to impose penalties upon the claimants for their negligence, is not to be questioned. This court, in speaking of these provisions of law, in Strother v. Lucas, 12 Peter, 448,. says: "cThese are laws analogous to acts of limitation, for recording deeds or givirig effect to. the awards of commissioners for settling claims to lands under the laws of the states; the time and manner of iheir operations, and the exceptions to them, depend on the sound discretion of the legislature, according to the nature of the titles, the situation of the country, and the emergency which calls for their enactment. Reasons of sound policy have led to the general adoption of laws of both descriptions, and their validity cannot be questioned- Cases may occur where the provisions of a law-may be such as to call for the interposition of the courts; but these under consideration do not."
In this case, then, the fifth and seventh sections of the act of 1824 had full operation on this claim of the plaintiff, at least from the 26th May, 1830, until the passage of the act establishing the last board, on the 9th July, 1832, and during that period the claim was barred, both at law and in equity; and the land, as far as this claim was concerned, was puiblic land. During that period, while the claim of the plaintiff was thus, by his own neglect, extinguished, the land was

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

369

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

held by the town of St. Charles, as confirmed to its inhabitants by an act of Congress, with no shadow upon its title : and it is now submitted to the court, that no subsequent action of the government could operate to affect the title, thus complete and unclouded, in the town of St. Charles.
If it be said, as it has often been said, that the government can waive any such forfeiture, I am free to admit that the United States are competent to waive any advantage which they might claim under such enactments, but I deny, that the-claimant, having neglected to comply with the terms ot d law, and being thus barred, cc at law and in equity," 'can, as against an individual citizen, be restored to any right of action by any act of the United States. - At this point, I will call the attention of the court to another act of Congress, which seems designed to cut off all questions between titles of the description of those now before the court.
It has been before observed, that the last day allowed for presenting petitions to the District Court was the 26th May, 1829, and a year was allowed for prosecuting them to final decision. If there was a failure to pursue the action thus offered to the claimant, the 5th and 7th sections of the act of 1824 barred the claim. Now, between the expiration of the time thus given for presenting the claim, and the passage of the act of 9th July, 1832, establishing the last board of commissioners, the Congress of the United States, on the 27th January, 1831, passed an act, by w.hich the United States relinquished to the inhabitants of St. Charles all the right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the lots and commons. 4 Story, 2220.
If it should be supposed, that after the act of 13th June, 1812, the technical fee still remained in the United States, here is an act of C6ngress equally efficacious with a patent, to transfer that fee, and this act is passed when the claim of the plaintiff was barred, both at law and in equity, by his own negligence.
There is still another feature in the plaintiff's confirmation which requires notice, although, for the purposes of this defence, I think enough has been already said.
It will be seen, by reference to the various acts of Congre~s in relation to these claims, that while the government was disposed to treat the claimants with the utmost liberality, it was regarded as a duty which the government owed to*those who held adverse titles to the land, that they should be protected from any disturbance which might
VOL. I.-47

370

S.UPREME COURT.

Ch-outeau v. Eckhart.

be attempted under these later confirmations. The eleventh.section of the act of 26th May, 1824, (3 Story, 196.3,) provides, ccthat if, in any case, it should so happen, that the lands, tenements, or hereditaments decreed to any claimant, urnder the provisions of this act, shall have been sold by the United States, or otherwise disposed of, in each .and every such, case it shall and may be lawful for the party interested to enter the like quantity of-land," &c.
The last clause of the second section of the act of 24th May, 1828, which c6ntinues the act of 26th May, 1824, in force, provides, ccthat the confirmations had by virtue of said act, and the patents issued thereon, shall operate only as relinquishment of the title on the part of the United States, and shall in nowise affect the right or title, either in law or in equity, of adverse claimants of the same land."
These provisions, intended to apply to confirmations which should be made by the decrees of the highest tribunal in the land, show the fixed determination of the government to protect the rights of those holding the land under any title adverse to the confirmation".
In the same spirit, and with the same purpose, a like provision was inserted in the 2d section of the act of 4th July, 1836, under which the plaintiff claims. That section enacts, "that if it shall be found that any tract or tracts, confirmed as "aforesaid, or any part thereof, had-been previously located by any other person or persons, under any law of-the United States, or had been surveyed and sold by the United States, this act shall confer no title to such lands, in opposition to the right acquired by such location or purchase, but the -individual or individuals, whose claims are hereby confirmed, shall be permitted to locate so much thereof as interferes with such location or purchase, on any unappropriated larrtd," &c.
Although the most obvious application of the words, cc previously located under any law of the United States," is, to the class of titles in Missouri which originated in the act fbr the relief of.the inhabitants of New Madrid who suffered by the earthquake, and who were authorized to locate other lands in lieu of those- injured; still it is plain, that all titles which had received the sanction of government were equally deserving of protection against disturbance from these confirmations. The language used in the 11th section of the act of 1824, " sold or otherwise disposed of," would have embraced every description of title conferred by the government, by which the land was disposed of,and would have protected the town of St. Charles against the plaintiff's claim, if it had been presented to the court

JANUARY TERM,; 1844.

371

Choutean v. Eckhart.

under that act, and had been confirmed. The spirit of the legislation is to secure these-prior titles; and unless there is some absolute

necessity to construe the 2d section of the act of 1836 with the

greatest strictness, and tQ exclude from its protection all titles which

can by such construction be excluded, it is believed that the title of

the town of St. Charles may receive the benefit of this'section, as a

complete defence igainst the plaintiff.

If, then, the commons of the town can with any propriety be said

to ",have been previously located, under any law of the United

States," the act of 1836 confers no title against the claim of the town.

On this question it is hot thought necessary to-remark, as it is to be

determined -by an examination of the section referred to. The effect

of the section is, to leave the claim of the plaintiff unconfirmed, so far as it'interferes with the titles designed to be protected.

If I have conveyed my ideas intelligibly, I think I have maintained

the following propositions:

1. That between two confirraations'by different acts of Congress,

where no other 'evidence of title is contemplated by the confirming

acts,.the elder confirmation passes the legal title.

2. That the confirmation of the commons of St. Charles, by the

act of 13th Jpne- 1812, is a confirmation of the claim, as it was spread

on the records of the government.

3. That the claim, as evidenced by the survey and by actual pos-

-session, was adverse to the claim of the plaintiff,

4. That if the confirmations were to have effect, with relation to

the merits of the orignal Spanish titles, then the title'of the town of

St. Charles, to'the land in 4tuestion, as part of the common, is an

older and better title than that of the plaintiff.

5. That the claim of the plaintiff to-the land in question was ex-

tinguisl;ed. by his neglect -to' present and prosecute it, under the act

of 26th MVay, 1824, as that'Ect was continued in force by the,acts of

1826 and 1828. -

6. That if the fee did not pass. by-the confirmation, it did pass-by

the.act of 27th January, 1831.

7. That the confirmatior of the plaintiff's claim by the act of the

4th July, 1836, did not operate to confer any title; as against the title

of the town.

These points present, as it is believed, several distinct and com-

plete defences-to this action

-

372

SUPREME COURT.

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the court. For the statement of the facts the report is referred to. It is insisted this court has no jurisdiction to look into the plaintiff's concession of 1800; or to pass on it, under the 25th section of the Judiciary act-and the case in 9 Peters, 244, of New Orleans v. De Armis, is referred to as settling the question. If the plaintiff relied alone on a complete Spanish title, then the argument would be sound, but each party claims by force of an act of Congress; the plaintiff under -thatof 1836, and the defendant under the Act of 1812, confirming to the inhabitants of St. Charles the village commons; and which is fortified by another act. for the same purpose, of 1831. The decision of the Supreme Court of Missouri was opposed to the title set up under the act of 1836 by the plaintiff From this decision he prosecuted a writ of error to this court. Construction is called for on the acts on which both titles are founded; and as no occasion can arise in any instance involving construction, aside from a contest, making a case; the facts giving rise to it must be ascertained before the construction can be applied. To hold otherwise, would render the 25th section a dead letter in a majority of instances. The same question arose in the case of.Pollard's heirs v. Kibbie, 14 Peters, 254, and again in that of The City of Mobile v. Eslava, 16 Peters, 234, both involiing property at the city of Mobile; the first is not distinguishable from the present in its material features, so far as th question of jurisdiction is involved; and the latter cbvers the whole ground before us. In the cases cited, as in this, the record set out the titles on each side, together with the facts and charge of the court; from which it appeared the decision of the Supreme Cburt of Alabama was opposed to the plaintiff's title; the judgment below having been affirmed. This court did not then doubt its powers to look behind the act of Congress, into the Spanish concession of Pollard, for the purposes of construing the act, and comparing it with that under which the defendant claimed: not with the intention of setting up the concession as an antecedent title to the act, that would support an action, but for the purposes of the construction and applica'ion of the acts on which the controversy depends. And the same rules apply here. The plaintiff's title is primafacie a good legal title, and will support an ejectment on the act of 1836, standing alone, if the land can be identified, as confirmed, without resort to the patent. This court held, in Strother v. Lucas, 12 Peters, 454: "cThat a grant may be

JA'NUARY TERM, 1844.

373

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

made by a law as well as a patent pursuant to a law, is undoubted, and a confirmation by a law is as fully, to all intents and purposes, a grant, as if it contained, in terms, a grant de noro." And as, according to the laws of Missouri, an action of ejectment could be proseeuted on Chouteau's title, by force of the confirmatidn, the construction of the acts of Congress, under which the respective parties claim, will decide the controversy.
The character and- naturd of the village right, in this country, is somewhat peculiar. The inhabitants of Upper Louisiana resided in villages, almost exclusively, and cultivated common fields, enclosed by only one fence; each person who cultivated the soil having assigned to him, by the syndic-of the town, a certain portion of land to' cultivate. In this manner the chief tillage of the soil was carried on; the other parts of the couintry being in the forest state.
The villages also required commons for pasturage for their homed cattle and 'horses; and for Afuel and timber; this part not being enclosed. The quantity included in the. field, for pasturage, timber and-wood, was regulated by the nature of the-soil and timber, and accommodated to the wants of the inhabitants; and conceded at the discretion of the government; usually to very liberal extent.
As the principal support of the population was derived from agri. culture and pasturage, the Village commons were deemed of primary importance by the people and goyernment, and, as a common title more fav ured than individual titles in cases of conflict.
In this situation the United States found the country when they came into possession of it, in March, 1804, as the successor of France; or rather Spain, in virtue of the treaty of cession. So great has been the change by the introduction of a population with different habits, and modes of agriculture, that it is difficult to estimate at this day the former importance of the village common to the French inhabitants: It was the basis on which their society -was formed to so material an extent, that the early acts of Congress could not be well understood, without a reference to this important circumstance;
and especially not the sweeping act of 1812. The lieutenant-goveror of Upper Louisiana, (usually the military
commandant,) made concessions for ,lands founded on such considerations as to him seemed just, and according to the policy of the province; ordered it to be surveyed by the public surveyor, who put the interested party into possession, pursuant to the lieutenantgovernor's order, and delivered a plat of the. survey to the party, in

874

SUPREME COURT.

Choutean v. Eckhart

order that -he might obtain a title in form from the general intendency at New Orleans ; to which tribunal alone appertained, by royal order, the distributing and granting all classes of lands of the royal domain. The intendent-geneml had the power to adjudge on the equity of the claim, and to exercise the sovereign authority, by making the grant, as the king's deputy.
After the country changed owners, this government had imposed on it, as the successor of Spain, the duties previously performed by the general intendency, of perfecting titles to concessions made by the lieutenant-governors of St. Louis, Illinois.
Shortly after the United States came into possession, a tribunal was instituted consisting of a board of conimissioners to investigate claims of this description according to thelaws and usages of Spain, as they existed among the French population in Upper Louisiana, and to report to Congress, such as were by the tribunal deemed wellfounded, just, and equitable, and that ought to have been confirmed by the general intendency, had no change of government taken place; and such as ought not to have been confirmed: On these reports coming before Congress, it acted directly by statute, on such titles as were by the legislature considered well4ounded and just claims. In all such instances it-acted as the successor of the general intendency, and had the same discretion to confirm; -and the sovereign power to perfect the incipient right; or to reject it, that the intendent-general had: Each exercising sovereign tower, in regard to the claim, with full authority to award, or to refuse, a perfect title,
As the board of commissioners had no capacity to grant, but only to ascertain facts, and report their opinions; and their powers to examine, not extending to every description of claim, Congress acted in some instances independent of any recommendation: necessarily in cases where the board had no right to interfere.
Chouteau's claim-had been presented to the board early in 1809: In July, 1810, the board declared the opinion that this claim ought not to be confirmed; and no action was had on it by Congress on the return of the report of 1810.
In 1812, Cdngress confirmed the village claims as follows: "That the rights, titles, and claims to town or village.lots, outlots, common field lots and commons, in, adjoining, and belonging" to the several -towns-or villages of Portage de Sioux, St. Charles, St. Louis, &c., which lots have been inhabited, cultivated, or possessed prior to the'20th day of December, 1803, shall be, and the same are

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

376

Chouteau v. Eckhart

hereby confirmed to the inhabitants of the respective towns or villages aforesaid, according to their several rights or right in common thereto."
A new board was organized according -t6 an act of 1832, with powers to re-examine the claims (with others) deemed unworthy of confirmation by the former board. The new board was of a diflerent opinion from the former in'.regard t' Chouteau's claim, and in November, 1833, recommended it for confirmation, according to his concission: and it was confirmed by the-act of.the 4th of July, 1836; 'corresponding to a recent survey, made in conformity to the concession. The whole of the claim is included in the village common of St. Charles, as it existed.on the 20th day of-December, 1803 ; and under which the defendantprote.cted his possession, as. an outstand. ing title. The State Circuit Court in Missouri held the village right the better, and so charged the jury-; which opinion was sustained in the Supreme Court of that state, on their former decisions: especially in the cases of Byrd v.Montgomery, 6 Mo. Rep. 514, and Mackay v. Dillon, '7 Mo. Rep. 10. The last involved a .contest in which title was claimed by one party under the, St. Louis common.
'These cases maintain in substance, that such inchoate 'claims (as that of Chouteau was in 1812, when the community of St.- Charles
took its title, previously also inchoate) were not changed in their character, by the treaty by which Louisiana was acquired 'that the treaty imposed on this government only a political obligation to perfect them': that this obligation, sacred as it may be, in afiy instance,.' cannot be-enforced by any action of the judicial tribunal§: and that the legislation of Congress from 1804, to the preserit time, has proceeded upon this construction of -the treaty, ds is manifested Jby.the modes adopted'to investigate the claims through: boards of ecmmissidners, and then acting on them by legislation. .This court held likewise, in the United States v. Wiggins, 14 Peters, 350.
We think- this reasoning cofrect, and necessarily following the nature of the claim as above set -forth; -itnot having been perfected b.y the general intendency before the change of governments.
2. That court in substance also held, in the cases cited; that the federal gdverment, being unable to confirm the same land to two adverse claimant , must then, to some extent, determine. betwee i the conflictilbg titles. Each claimant depends upon the justice or comity of the present government; and when the government exer-

376

SUPREME COURT.

Catts v. Phalen et al.

cises its powers and confirms the land to one, it must necessarily be considered in a court of law the paramount and better title.
We think this position also sound, and that it is conclusive against the validity of the plaintiff's title; and therefore order the judgment of the Supreme Court of Missouri to be affirmed.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Supreme Court of'the state of Missouri, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, It is now here ordered and adjudged by this pourt, that the judgment of the said Supreme Court of the state of Missouri, in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

JOHN CkTTs, PLAINTIFF IN EIRROR, V. JArs PHALEN; AND FRAcIs
MoRRs, DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.
A person who receives the prize money, in a loitery, for a ticket which he had caused to be fraudulently drawn as a prize, is liable to the lottery contractors
* in. an action for money had and received for heir use. So far as he is concerned, the law annuls the pretended drawing of the prize; and he is in the same situation as if he had received the money of the contractors by means of any other false pretence.
Tins case was brought .up by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United Stjes, for the District of Columbia and county of Alexandria.
The facts were these: The state of Virginia, in and prior to the year 1834, passed several acts authorizing a lottery to be drawn for the .improvement of the Fauquier and Alexandria turnpike road. In 1839, certain persons, acting as commissioners,,made a contract '.ith James Phalen and Francis Moriis, of the city of New York, by which Phalen and Morris were authorized, upon the terms therein mentioned, to draw these lotteries. They proceeded to do so, and employed Carts to draw the tickets from the wheel. The following extract from the bil of exceptions sets forth the other' facts in
the case.

JANUARY TERM, -1844.

319

LzssEi OF ROBERT GRIGNON, PETER B. GRIGNON, 'AND MORGAN L. MARTIN, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, V. JOHN J. ASTOR, RAMSAY CROOKS, ROBERT STUART, AND LrN~s THOMPSON.
By a law of Michigan, passed in 1818, the County Courts had pov, er, under certain circumstances, to order the sale of the real estate of a deceased person for the payment of debts and legacies.
It was for that court to decide upon the existence of the facts which gave jurisdiction: and the exercis6 of the jurisdiction warrants the presumption "that the facts which were necessary to be proved were proved.
The distinction examined between courts of limited jurisdiction, where the. record must show that jurisdiction was rightfully exercised; -and courts of general jurisdiction, where the record being silent upon the subject, it will be presumed that jurisdiction existed.
A title to land becomes a legal title. when a claim is confirmed, by Congress. Such confirmation is a higher evidence of title than a patent, because'it is a direct grant of the fee, which had been previously in the United States.
THrs case was brought up by writ of error from the Supreme Court
of the territory of Wisconsin, under the 25th section of the Judiciary
act of 1789. It was an ejectmdnt to recover certain lands in the possession of
Linns Thompson; the tenant in possession,. at Green Bay, in" the county of Brown and territoryof Wisconsin.. The plaintiffs in error were also plaintiffs below.
Both parties derived title from Pierre Grignon,-deceased 2 who was one-eighth Indian and seven-eighths French. He died in March, 1823, leaving Robert, born in 1803, and Peter, born in 1805 or 1806,' -his only children by an Indian woman, to whom it was, alleged he had been married. They made a conveyance of one-third of the
'lands to Morgan L. Martin, by deed, 15th November, 1834, who, togethr with the two gons of Pierre, were the lessors of the plaintiff
below. -A patent was issued by the United States, on the 21st day of
December, 1829, to Pierre Grignon and'his heirs, reciting, that by the 3d 'section of the act of Congress, approved on-the 21st of Febru-
ary, 1823,' Pierre Grignon was confirmed in his claim to the ,tract of
land containing 230 acres, bounded, &c., and granting said land accordingly.
This was the case made out for the plaintiffs in the court below,.
The defendants' title was thls.
Pierre Grignon died -intestate in March, 1823. Letters of adminis-

32D0

SUPREME COURT.

.Grignon's Lessee v. Astor et aL

tration upon his estate were granted by the judge of probate of Brown county, on the 21st June, 1824, to Paul Grignon, who applied under the laws of Michigan, to the County Court of Brown county for power to-sell the real estate of the deceased. The authority was granted
and the sale made, under which the title passed through Augustine Grignon, to Astor, Crooks, tnd Stuart, the defendants-in the court. below. The case turned on the validity of these proceedings, to which sundry objections were made. Before stating them, it is proper to insert so much of the law of Michigan as bears upon the various
points. .dct July 27, 1818, sect. 1. "Be it enacted, &c., that, when the
goods and chattels belonging to the estate of any person deceased, or that may hereafter decease, shall not be sufficient to answer the just debts which the deceased owed,.&c., upon representation thereof, and the same being made to appear to the Supreme Judicial Court, at any term or sitting of said court, or to the County Court in. the county where the deceased person last dwelt, or in the county in which the real estate lies, the said courts are severally and respectively authorized to empower 'and license the executors or administrators of such estate, to make sale of all or any part of the house, lands, or tenements, of the deceased, so far as shall be necessary to satisfy the just debts which the deceased owed at the time of his death, and legacies bequeathed in and by the last will and testament of the deceased, -withthe inciden'tal charges.
,Arid every executor or administrator being so licensed and authorized, shall and may, by virtue of su'ch authority, make, sign, and execute in due form of law, deeds and conveyances for such houses, &c., as they shall so sell; which instrument shall make as good a title to the purchaser, his heirs and assigns for ever, as the testator or intestate,'being of full age, of sane mind and memory, in his or her lifetime, might or could for a valuable consideration.
,"Provided always, that the executor or administrator, before.sale be made as aforesaid,.give thirty days! public notide, by posting up notifications of such sale in the township where the lands lie, as well as where the deceased person last dwelt, and in the. two next adjoin. ing townships, and also in the county town of the county, &c.
,, Sect. 2. Whereas, by the partial sale of real estates for the pay-° ment of debts or legacies as aforesaid, it often happens that the remainder t$ereof is much injured: Ble it therefore enacted, &c., that whenever it shall be necessary that executors and administrators

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

321

Grignon's" Lessee v. Astor et al.

shall be empowered to sell some part of the real estate of' testators or intestates, or for guardians to sell some part of the real estate of minors or persons non compos mentis, for the payment of just debts, legacies, or taxes, or for the support or legal expenses of minors or persons no compos mendis, and by such partial sale the residue would be greatly injuredi and the same shall be represented and made to appear to either of the aforesaid courts, on petition and declaration, filed and duly proved therein by the said executors, administrators, or guardians, the aforesaid courts respectively may authorize and empower such executors, administrators, 'or guardians, &c., to sell and convey the whole, or sQ much of said real estate as shall be most for the interest and benefit of the parties concerned therein, at. public auction, and good and sufficient deeds of conveyance therefor to make and execute: which deed or deeds, when duly acknowledged and recorded in the registers of deeds for the county where the said real-estate lies, shall make a complete and legal title in fee to the purchaser or purchasers thereof.
cc Providea the said executors, administrators, &c., give thirty days'
public notice of such intended sale, in manner and form hereinbefore
prescribed. c ud provided, also, that they first give bonds, with suffieieat sure-
ties, to the judge of probate for the county where the deceased testa-t tor or intestate last dwelt and his estate was inventoried, that he or she will obserte the rules and directions of law for the sale pf real estate by executors or administrators; and the proceeds of such sale, after the payment of just. debts, legacies, taxes, and just debts for the support of minors, and other legal expenses and
incidental charges, shall be put on interest, on good securities, and that the same shall be disposed of agreeably to the rules of law.
c Sect. 3. That every representation to be made as aforesaid, shall be accompanied with a certificate from the judge of probate of the ebunty where the deceased perspn's estate was inventoried, certifying the value.of the real estate and of the personal estate of such deceased person, and the amount of his or her just debts, and also his opinion
whether it be necessary that the whole or a part of the estate should be sold; and if part only, what part.
",And the said courts, previous to their passing on the said re-presentation, shall order due notice to be given to all parties concerned, or their guardians, who do not signify their assent to such sale, to
VoL. 11.--41

322

SUPREME. COURT.

Grignon's Lessee v. Astor et aL

show cause at such time and place as they shall appoint, why such

license should not be granted.

" And in case any petson concerned be not an inhabitaht of this territory, nor have any guardian, agent, or attorney therein, who may represent him or her, the said justices may cause the said petition to be cbntinued for a reasonable time; and the petitioners shall give personal notice of the petition to such absent person, hi . or her agent, attorney, or guardian, or cause the same to be ublished in some one of the newspapers in this territory three weeks successively.

"Aud the said courts, -when they think it expedient, may examine the said petitioner on oath, touching the truth of facts set forth in the

said petition, and the circumstances attending the same.

" Sect. 7. That real estate is and shall be liable to be taken and levied upon by any execution issuing upon judgments recovered

against executors or administrators in such capacity, being the proper

debts of the testator or intestate ; and that the method of levying,

appraising, and recording, shall be the same as by law is provided

respecting other real estates levied upon and taken in execution, and

may be redeemed by the executor, administrator, or heir, in like time

and manner."

.Act to direct Descents, sect. 17. "Whereas it sonmetimes happens,

that for want of prudent .Management in executors, administrators,

&c.,'who are empowered to sell real estates, such estates are disppsed

of below their true value, to the great injury of heirs and creditors:

therefore every executbr, administrator, &c., who may obtain a lggal order for elling real estate,-shall, previous to the sale, before the judge

of probate, or some justice of the peace, take the following. oath:

'I, A. B., do solemnly swear, that in disposing of the estate belong-

ing to

-, nqw deceased, I will use my best skill and judg-

ment in fixing on the time and place of sale, and that I will exert my

utmost endeavours to dispose of the same in such manner as will

produce the greatest .advantage to all persons interested therein, and that without any sinister views whatever,'

·°And the said executor, administrator, &c,,shall return to thejudge

of probate. a certificate of the samej under the hand, of "the justice

beforeo'hom such oath was taken."

The defendants then called Charles C. P. Arndt as a witness, who

testified that he was the judge of probate f6r the county of Brown,

and produced the record of letters of administration granted by John

Lawe,-judge of probate of said county, to Paul Grignon, on the 21st

JANUA.RY TERM, 1844.

323

Grig.nou's Lessee v. Astor et al.

day of June, A. D. 1824, on the estate of Pierre Grignon, deceased; and also the record of the bond. given by the administrator, filed and approved by the said judge of probate on the 21st day of Junfe, 1824, whicli were read in evidence.
The defendants then offered t6 rdad in evidence the following extract or order from a book purporting to be the bobk'0f the minutes of theproceedings of the County Court for the county of Brown, which book, Gardner Childs, the clerk of this court; testified that he had received as the record of said County Court, viz.:,
"At a session of the County Court for the county of Brown, begun and held at the township. of Green Bay, in the school housei on Tuesday, the "tenth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and twen?-sx.
"Present: the Hon. James Porlier, chief justice, and John Lawe, Esq., associate justice. The court was opened by George fJohnston. sheriff.
"tThe petition.of Paul Grignon, administrator on the estate of Pierre Grignon, late of the county of Bro'n, (deceased,) Was filed by his attorney, H. S. Baird, praying for an order from the court to auth6rize him to'dispose of the real estate of said"Pierre."
-,Ia consideration of the facts alleged in said petition, and for divers other good and sufficient, reasons, it .is ordered that- he be empowered as aforesaid."
" Minutes read, corrected- and signed by order of the court. cc RoniiT .RWw, Jun., Clerk.".
The reading of "which said ' extract or. order in evidence was objected to by the lessors of plaintiff on the ground that it does not appear that there -was any petition presented to the court, nor any
certificate of the judge of proate certifying as to the value of the 'pr6perty and the'riec'ssity of the sale ; nor is there ariy thing to show the reasons by which the court could be invested with power to order the sale of the real estate 6f the intestate according to the statute ; and that no ziotice was given to the parties concerned to show cause according to the requisites of the statute; nor does the order specify what lands of the intestate were to be sold; which objections were o~erhiled by the court,'and the said extiact or order was read, in evidence. To which decision the lessors of the plaintiff excepted.
The defendants then offered in evidence a bond and oath.of said' administrator to make sale of the real estate of the intestate according to the statute, dated and filed ifithe' priobate office of the .20th of

SUPREME COURT.
Grignon's Lessee v. Astor et al.
April, 1826, which were objected to by the lessors of th6 plaintifi The objection overruled by the court, who decided that the same might be read in evidenice. To which decision the lessors of the plaintiff excepted.
The defendants then introduced Henry S. Baird as a -witness, who, being sworn, says, he thinks the notice of sale by the administrator was written and printed. The printed notice is in court, contained in a newspaper called the "cMichigan Herald," printed at Detroit, in seven weekly numbers, commencing on the 16th of March, 1826, and ending on the 26th of April, in the same year. Defendants offered to read the notice from the papers, and to prove by parol that notice of sale was also given in writing, all which.evidence was objected to by lessors of plaintiff; which objection waM overruled by the court, and the testimony admitted. To which decision the lessors of the plaintiff excepted.
The witness then testified - " I cannot state that I put up any notices of sale, but that I drew the notices, I am positive. I think, I am positive, I drew five copies of the notice which has been read from the newspaper. I c6nnot say that they were put up in the township at this distance of time-13 years. I cannot recollect. There was, at that time, but one township' in this countyof Brown, and two counties in what is now the Territory of Wisconsin."
John P. Arndt was called again by the defendants, and testified that he saw-a notice of sale of lands of Pierre Grignon posted up in the township, and thinks it was at his house in Green ]Bay, in the fore part of the season of 1826.
The foregoing testimony of the witnesses, Baird and Amdt, was objected to by lessors of the plaintiff at the time the same was offered. The objection was Qverruled by the court, and testimony admitted. To which decision the lessors of the plaintiff excepted. . The defendants then offered in evidence a deed from Paul Grignon, as adniinistrator on the estate of Pierre Grignon, deceased, to Augustin Grignon, dated the 13th day of June, A. D. 1826, and recorded on the 5th of February, 1828, in the register's office of Brown county, in book B, page 34, for land, coverifig the land in dispute, which was objected to by the lessors of the plaintiff on. the following. ground, viz.:
1. No title appeared to be in Pierre Grignon, at the time of his death, -orat the date of the deed, to the lands in question.
2. There was no, certificate of the judge of probate, as required by

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

325

Grign on's Lessee v. Astor- et al.

the statute, to the County Court of the necessity of the sale of said lands for the payment of debts, and the order for sale, by the County Court, was void.
3. There is no evidence on record that the property-was sold, or ordered to be sold, for the payment of the debts of the intestate..
4. The sale was not advertised according to law, nor is th~ere any. record that the County Court made any order how the estate should be advertised.
5. No order was made by the County Court to show cause why the sale should not be made before granting the order.
In connection with the above deed from Paul. Grignon, the defendants offered in evidence the following license, the reading of which was objected to, on the ground that it could have no greater .effect than the order upon which it purported to be founded, but the court overruled the objectio 'and permitted it to bhrtead.

TERRITORY OF MICHIGA'N

Brown county,

ss.

The United States of America, to Paul Grignon, administrator of Pierre Grignon, deceased:

Beit known to all to whom it may concern, that at-a term of the County Court of the county of Brown, continued and held at the
township of Green Bay, on Tuesday, the tenth of January, A. D. 1826, before the Hon. James Porlier, chief justice, and John Lawe, Esq., associate justice, Paul Grignon, administrator of all and singular the goods, &c. &c., lands and tenements of Pierre Grignon; deceased, late. of the county of Brown aforesaid, represents to this

court, then and there in'session, that the said Pierre died intestate at Green Bay, in said county of Brown, on the fourth day of Marcr, A. D.1823.'

That at the time of his death the said Pierre was seised in'-his demesne as of fee, in and to the following tracts or lots of land, situated at Green Bay aforesaid, to wit:

(Here follows a description of the.lands.) And it has been ascertained by the petitioner, that the goods and chattels belonging to the estate of the said deceased are insufficient to pay all 'thejust debts wlbich he owed at the time of his death, but

that his estate will be insolvent; and therefore piays that leave may be granted to him to dispose of the tracts and lots of land aforesaid.

Now, therefore, for the causes aforesaid, and for divers other 2E

326

SUPREME COURT.

Grignons, Lesseeov. Astor et aL

good and sufficient-'reasons, the court thereunto moving, they do hereby authorize and empower you, the said administrator, to dispose of all the right, title,' and interest of the deceased, in and to the above described tracts and lots of land, in such manner as will best .serve the interest of all concerned in said estate: requiring of you a due observance of the statute in such case.made and provided.
Wirss, James Porlier, chief justice of the County Court -of the county of Brown, at the township of, Green Bay, on the
28th of March, A. D.1826. ROBERT ITwra', Jun., Ckrk, B. C.

The counsel for the- lessors of plaintiff thereupon requested the court to give the jury the following instructions, viz. :
Instruction 1st. If the jury believe from the evidence that the lessors of the plaintiff are the heirs-at-law of Pierre Grignon,"or have sho~vn a regular conveyance from the heirs-at-law to themselves of the premises in question, before the commencement of this suit; that then the defendants can claim no. title under the sale of the premises in question, made by Paul Grignon, as administrator of the estate of Pierre Grignon, by virtue of the order made by the County Court of Brown county, made on the 10th day of January, 1826; unless the jury are satisfied that the representation made by the said administrator to the said court to obtain the order for license of the said court for the sale of the said prenises was accompanied by a certificate of the judge of probate of the cou::y where the said deceased person's estate was 'inventoried, certifying the value of the real estate, and the value of the pefsonal estate of the said deceased person, and the amount of his just debts, and also his opinion whether it be necessary that the whole or a part of the 'estate should be sold, and, if a part only, what part, a:sdirected by the third section of an act entitled "cAn act directing the setflemeht- of the estates of persons deceased, and for the conveyance of real estate in certain cases," as adopted by th governor and judges of the Territory of Michigan, on the 27th day of July, 1818,
Instruction 2d. That the said order or license of the said County Court, for the said sale, unless the said court had been furnished with the said certificate of the said judge of probate, 'is null and void as against the heirs-at-law of Pierre Grignon, who have not acquiesced in the said sale made by the administratoi, under and 'by virtue of the said order.

'JANUARY TERM, 1844.

327

Grigno.n's Lessee v. Astor et al.

To the two preceding instructions the court decided and directed
the jury as follows, to wit: "cThe two preceding instructions are answered, as the County Court
had jurisdiction of this subject, we are bound to infer that these things were shown to said court."
Instruction 3d. That the said County Court had no power or jurisdiction to make the said order for sale, without the said certificate of the said judge of probate.
To which said instruction the said court decided and- dirtcted the
jury as follows, viz.:, "cThe court answer that the certificate of the judge of probate was
not necessary to give the court jurisdiction. It was required' as evidence.""-

Instruction 4th. It must appear affimatively to, the jury that the said County Court at the time of the making the said order for sale of

the said premises, had before them the said certificate of the said judge of probate at the time of making the said order, or granting the

said license for the sale ofthe premises in question, or the said order

for sale is void as against the heirs-at-law of Pierre Grignon, deceased,

who had not acquiesced in the sale, and those claiming under them..

To which said instruction the court decided and directed the jury

as follows, viz.: tc This is answered. The judgment of the County Coiut having

jurisdiction is conclusive upon this point."

Instruction 5th. Unless it appears affirmatively to th jury that the said County Court, previous to their passing on said representation for the sale of said premises, ordered due notice to be given to all par-

ties concerned, or their guardians, who did not signify their assent to

such sale, to show cause, at such time and place as the court appoint,

why such license should not be granted agreeably to the provisions

of the said third section of said act in the first instruction referred to ;

that then the said order or license for sale was void as against the

heirs of Pierre Grignon, who have not acquiesced in such sale, and

the defendants can acquire no title by virtue of the sale made by the administrator, under the said order, as against the heirs-at-law of the

said Pierre Grignon, deceased.

-

To which said instruction the court decided and directed the jury

as follows, to wit: "9This is ansWered. We state that the County Court having jursi-

diction on the subject, their judgment is conclusive."

M .

SUPREME C OUR.T.

Grignons Lessee v.'Astor et al.

Instruction 6.th. Unless the jury believe from the evidence that the said administrator, before .te sale of the said, premises, gave thirty days' public notice, by posting up notifications of such sale, in the township where the lands lie; as well as where the said deceased last dwelt, and in the two next adjoining townships, or caused the printing of such notifications for .three weeks successively in such. gazette or newspaper as the court who authorized the sale ordered and directed, the said sale was void as against the heirs of the deceased, and those claiming under them.
To which said instruction the court decided and directed the jury as follows, to,wit:
" This is a fact for the jury, and you must find that the advertisement given subs'antially complied with the law, on the sale is void."
Instruction 7th. That the publishing of said notice of sale in .a
newspaper, without the order or direction of the court who authorized the sale, was a nullity.
To which said instruction the court decided and directed the jury .as follows, to.wit:
"cThis is answered in the affirmative." Instruction 8th. That it must appear affirmatively that the administrator, before- making sale of the said premises, lid literally and strictly comply with the provisions of the said statute in relation to the posting up or publishing the said notice of sale, or the said sale was void as against the heirs of Pierre Grignon, who have not acquiesced in the same. To which said instruction the court decided and directed the juryas follows, viz.: ",Asubstanl compliance with the requisites of the law on this subject is sufficient." Instruction 9th. If the jury believe from the evidence that Peter B. Grignon, one of the lessors of plaintiff is one of the heirs-at-law of the deceased; and-was a minor at the time of the making of the said drder for sale, and at the time of the said sale, a guardian should have been appointed to represent him, according to law;.and if no such guardian was appointed, the said sale was void as to him and those claiming under him.
To which said instruction the court decided and directed the jury as follows; to wit:
"cIt was necessary and-proper that, if a minor, he should be noti-

JANUARY 'IERM, 1844.

Grignon's Lessee v. Astor et al.

fled by guardian, but in this issue the presumption is, that he was. This is a fact that he might controvert on appeal."
Instruction 10th. Unless the defendants in this case have proven affirmatively to the jury that the administrator of the said deceased strictly complied with all the provisions of the*said statute, in obtaining the order for sale, and in making the said sale, that the defendants in this suit can acquire no title to the premises in question under said sale, as against the lessors of the plaintiff, if the jury believe from the evidence that'the lessors of the plaintiff are the heirs-at-law of the said Pierre Grignon, deceased, or derived title from the heirs-
at-law. To which said instruction the court decided and directed the jury
as follows, to wit: " Answer. That the court charge the jury that they are bound to
corksider,.in this collateral issue, that the judgment or order of the County Court of Btown county, ordering the sale, was made upon sufficient and proper evidence, and that they had every, thing requisite before them to authorize them to make the order for the sale, and that the judgment of. that court is conclusive until reversed."
To all which foregoing decisions and answers, given by the said court to each and every of the said instructions, and for refusing to give the said instructions, respectively, as the same -were asked, and to the said charge to the jury, and every part thereof, the'said lessors of; the said plaintiff except, and tender this bill of exceptions to the court for its signature, and bill sealed.
AkNnw G. M-m, Judge, 4rc. [L. s.]
October 21, 1839.

Choate, for the plaintiffs in error. Crittenden and Lord, for the defendants in error.

Choate, for the plaintiffs in error, made.the following points:

1. The plaintiff contended first, and now contends, that the de-

fendants did not offer competent proof, sufficient to show, even primu0

fade, that the said County Court, under whose alleged order the said

administrator made the sale, ever acquired jurisdiction of the matter

in relation io which it was alleged to have made the order; and that,

therefore, the order was a nullity.

The jurisdiction of that court depends on a law of the territory of

VOL. I. -42

2E2

330

SUPREME COURT.

Grignon's Lessee v. Astor et al.

Michigan, made on the 27th day of July, A. D. 1818. (Laws Michigan, vol. i. p..37.) By that law it is enacted; in section 1, that when the goods and chattels of a parson deceased shal not be sufficient to pay his debts, then, cc upon representation thereof, and the same being made to appear, to the Supreme Judicial Court, or to the Ctunty Court in the county where the deceased last dwelt, or where his real estate lies,",the said courts are authorized to license the executor or administrator to sell his real estate, 'iso far as shall be necessary to satisfy, the just debts of the deceased."
The same law enacts, in section 3, c that every representation made as aforesaid shall be accompanied by a certificate from the judge of probate." The coxtents of which certificate are particularly prescribed.
It also enacts in the same section, that cc the said courts, previous to their passing on the said representation, 'shall order due notice to be given to all pare's or their guardians, "toshow cause against the granting of the license. And-in case any person concerned be not an inhabitant of this republic, nor have any guardian, agent, or at, torney therein, who ma y.epresent- him or her, the said justices may cause the said petition to be continued for a reasonable time; and the petitioner shall give .personal notice of the said petition to such absent person, his .agent, attorney, or guardian, or cause the same to be published ,in some one of the newspapers in this territory three weeks successively."
And it enacts, in the first section, in these words: "Provided always, that the executor or administrator before sale made, give thirty days' public notice,.by posting up nbtifications of such sale in the township where the lands lie, as well as where the deceased person last dwelt, and in the two next adjoining townships, and also in the county town of the county."
To prove the jurisdiction and order of the Court of Common Pleas, the defendants offered in evidence an extract from a book purporting to be the book of the minutes of the proceedings of-the said court.
To this the plaintiff objected as incompetent; and he contends that it was incompetent and inadmissible for any purpose.
' st. :Because it was not such a record, nor parcel of such a record, as by the law of Michigan, passed April 21, A. D; 1825, and by the Jaw of evidence, is competent and admissible to proye any act of a court. The 24th and 25th sections of that law are as follows:

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

. 331

Grignon's Lessee v. Astor -et aL

An act concerning the Supreme and County Courts.ofthe territ6iyof .A'higan,defining their jurisdictionandpowers, and directingthe pleadings andpracticetherein in certaincases. Sect. 24. And be it further enacted, that for preventing 6rrors. in
entering the judgments, orders, and decrees, of the Supreme and County Courts, the judges and justices of the said courts respectively, before every adjournment, shall cause the minutes of their proceedings during the preceding day to be publicly read by the clerk, and corrected when necessary, and then the same shall be signed by tha presiding judge of the said court; which minutes, so signed, shall be taken in a book, and carefully preserved among the records.
Sect. 25. And be it further enacted, that whenever any civil caus , of whatever nature it be, shall be finally determined, the clerk of any of said courts shall, during the next vacation, enter the warrants of attorney, driginal writ or writs, declaration, pleadings, proceedings,. and judgment, in such cause, so as to make a complete record thereof, in a separate book to be kept for that purpose, -witha complete alphabetical index to the same; which records, after being examined and compared with warraits of attorney, writ or.writs,,declaration, pleadings, proceedings, and judgraent, and being found coirect, .shall, at, the next term, be signed by the presiding judge of the court.
Sect. 10. And be it further enacted, that this act shall take effect from and after the third Monday of September next.
Approved April 21, 1825. The said extracted passag is not signed by the presiding judge; it is not, therefore, even legally authenticate.d minutes of the proceedings of the court; and 'ifit were, it is not a record, or parcel of record, 'nor admissible in. evidence. 2d. Because, even if it were unobjectionable in pbint of formal authentication, it does not prove, nor tend to prove, that the court have jurisdiction, or that the order -was made, bya court having. jurisdiction, or that it was an order relating .tothe lands described in the declaration. It does not record or recite the making of a-representationi by petitioh,'or otherwise, aleging any indebtment of the said 'Pierre, nor any other ground for asking.or 'granting the license on which the court had jurisdiction to act, as was necessary in point of law. It . loes not record or recite any certificate of the judge of probafe, nor any notice to anybody, to show cause against the grant of the license, nor does it point. out which, or how much, estate is to be sold, as was'necessary in point of law.

332

SUPREME COURT.

Grignon's Lessee v.Astor et al.

The District Court, however, admitted this evidence, and this
decision was erroneous. And if the said extracted passage be competent and admissible
evidence, the plaintiff contends, for the reasons aforesaid, that it is wholly inoperative and ineffectual, and insufficient to prove that the court had any jurisdiction to- act, or that the order was the act of a court having any jurisdiction, or that it was 6f any legal validity or effect whatever, or communicated. any authority whatever to the administrator,
The District Coiut decided against the proposition, and that decision was erroneous.
3d. He contends that the paper purporting to be a license, issued by the clerk of the said court, was incompetent and inadmissible as evidence; and that, if competent; itwas ihoperative and ineffectual, and communicated no authority to tle administritor.
It is not a record, noi evidence of any fact. It is not signed by -thepresiding justice. It is not recorded. It is the mere act of the clerk in vacation. It presupposes and requires, as a condition of admissibility andv-lidity, -a valid order of a court having jurisdic-tion, of which there is no evidence.
It was not issued nor made during a session of the court, yet the 'District Court admitted this evidence, and declared it to be effectual and sufficient. to prove jurisdiction.
This decision was erroneous. 4th. The- plaintiff coitends, that even if the evidence aforesaid was competent ana1 admissible,'andeven if it were sufficient to show, .prima'fade,that the court ever had or began to have jurisdiction, yet that it was competent for him on the trial to encounter it by proof; that no certificate of tlie'judge of probate was furnished to the said court; that no notice was ordered by the court, previous to the making of the alleged order of sale, to any person to 'show cause - against the grant of the license, or that an 'application for leave to sell was pending; that no n&ice was given to, or had by either of, thi heirs of said Pierre, or any one acting for them, that such application was pending; that ohe of the heirs was a minor at the time of the sale, and had-no guardian; and that proof of these facts, or of either of them; would have disproved or put an end'to, and ousted the jurisdiction of the court, and would have shown in point of law that the order'of sale, and theoalleged license, were wholly invalid, anctinef-
fectual.and inoperative.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.
Grignon's Lessee v: Astor et aL
But the said District Court decided, that the judgment or order of the County Court was conclusive evidence of the jurisdiction of the court, and of all proofs and things necessary to the making of the said order of sale, and is a valid and effectual order of sale.
This decision, the plaintiff contends, was erroneous. 5th. The plaintiff contends, that in order to give to the administrator's deed any legal validity and effebt, it was necessary to prove that notice of the notifications described and required in the said 1st s9ction of the laws of Michigan, and that the evidence to prove this of Baird's and Arndt, was incompetent and wholly insufficient for the purpose. And he cofitends, that the decisidas of the District Court upon this matter were erroneous on several grounds. 1. In admitting incompetent proof. 2. In deciding as matter of law a mere point 6f evidenoe, to wit: that the proof aforesaid established a substantial compliance with the laiv, instead of declaring to the jury what the law required to have done; and then submitting th6 question of fact and evidence to the jury whether it had been done. 3. In refusing to instruct the jury that the administrator must literally and strictly comply with the provisions of the statfite in the matter, by ppsting up notifications, and instructing them that a sub. stantial compliance with-the requests' of the law was sufficient, without insfructing them what acts would constitute a substantial compliance therewith. 6th. The plaintiff contenddd" at the trial, and contends here, thaf the lands claimed in the action could not legally be sold by the administrator under any order or judgment of any court, as the real estate of Pierre Grignon, for the payment of his debts. And that the patent passes a perfect title to plaintiff's lessors. The law of Michigan above referred to, and in part set forth, authorizes the sale of the "houses, lands or tenements,, of the deceased." The estate in question was not such. Thetitle'of Pierre Grignon at his death, if any, was equitable only, resting on the pleasure or justice of government, afid could not be taken in execution or -sold for his debts. The patent of 21st December, 1829, vested the title directly in the heirs. But the District Court decided otherwise. 7th. The plaintiff contends that if the license has any effect, it proves that the administrator represented that .the said Pierre was seised, at the time of his death, as in his demesne, as of fee of the

SUPREME COURT.
Grignon's Lessee v. Astor et al
estate claimed in the action ; that the said representation was untrue; that the order of sale was founded in part upon that representation, and affirms it; and is for' that cause erroneous and invalid, and does not support the administrator's deed.
Lord and Crittenden,for the defendants in error, made the following points:
1. By the act of Michigan, of July 27, 1818, the County Court of Brown county had jurisdiction to order the sale of the lands of an intestate for payment of debts, whenever the goods and chattels should not be sufficient to answer the same " and such jurisdiction was to be exercised upon representation of such insufficiency, and the same being' made to appear to the County Court.
2. The court thus having jurisdiction, the want of evidence, however necessary and essential that evidence, to warrant its order, was merely,error: and it-cannot be shown by strangers to the order, %tooVerturn the title of-a purchaser. The order cannot be impeached collaterally.
3. The license, which is the order exemplified for the purchaser's protection,' and the minutes, show every fact on which the jurisdiction of the court rests, and show such an order as the court was by law authorized to make:
4. The jurisdiction being shown, not only is the order unimpeachable collaterally for errors in making it, but every proper requisite to the act of jurisdiction is to bepresumed as a conclusion of law; and it is to be presumed, in 6very, collateral suit, that there was no error or irregularity; no want of.citation, notice or evidence.
5. There is no express saving of the fights of infants. The statute authorizes the sale as.a proceeding in rem. The lands were lihbleto be sold under judgments recbvered against the administrator for the intestate's debt, so that the sale by the administrator was merely a conversion from real to personal estate; in reference to the sale of which, in either mode, he -was accountable. There is, therefore, no ground to impeach the order, on the supposition that infnts. were interested, and were not notified, even if such supposition was not precluded by the presumption of law.
6. .The acts in Pais, after the order of sale, were left by the court to be found by the jury, considering all the evidence. Such acts could not be-required to be established, at the distance of thirteen' years, except by showing a substantial compliance .with the law.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

835

Grignon's Lessee v. Astor et al.

A substantial compliance is all which is at any time necessary in carrying out a sale by order of a court.
7. The plaintiff did not attempt by any: evidence directly. to impeach the proceedings, by showing want of notice, want of evidence, want of strict conformity to lavi,'although Paul Grignon, the administrator, and Augustine Grignon, the, purchaser, had both united to defeat the sale- under the order by a subsequent conveyance, and were both produced as witnesses for the plaintiff. The plaintiff must therefore fail if the order and license are evidence at all, although not ,conclusive: as a presumption subject to contradiction, it must be taken against the plaintiff, who might contradict it if false, -and does not.
8. The interest of Pierre Grignon in these lands, at the time ofhis death, was an interest existing at the date of the act of Congress of February 21, 1823, and so liable to be sold by his administrator, as goods, chattels, lands, or. tenements. The purchaser, by the ad-' ministrator's salei acquired as good 'title as the intestate could in his lifetime convey for a v~luable contideration.
The patent issued after his death enured. to the benefit of *his assigns, the defendants deriving their title-under him.
Numerous authorities were cited by the counsel upon each side, in, support of their respective points: but the reporter was necessarily absent during the argument of the cause, and-is therefore unable to cite them.

Mr. Justice BALDWIN delivered the opinion of the court.
This case comes here on a writ of error from the Supreme Court of the Territory of Wisconsin, the premises in controversy were for-. merly'owned by one.Peter Grignon, to whom they were confirmed by an act of Congress, passed 21st February, 1823, to be found in 3 Story's Laws, 1877. He died in Marchfollowing, intestate, indebted, and leaving two sons who are lessors of the plaintiff, one born, in '1803, the other in 1806. They conveyed one-third to Martin, the other lessor, in1.834. The lessors claim as heirs-at-laW of Peter Grignon, and the conveyance from them to Martin.
In 1824, letters of administration on .the estate of Peter Grignon. were duly granted to Paul Grignon, the brother of the dedeas"ed, whogave bond for the performance of 'the trust, according to law. In' January, 1826, he presented his petition to the County Couit of' Brown county, then in the Territory of Michigan, praying for an"

336

SUPREME COURT.

Grignon's Lessee v. Astor et.al.

order from the court, to authorize him to dispose of the real estate of the said Peter, which was granted, a license issued to the'administrator to sell in March, 1826. A sale was accordingly made to Augustin Grignon, to whom a'deed was executed by the administrator in June, 1826, ahd duly recorded. The defendants claim title under this sale, by sundry mesne conveyances from the purchaser.
The law of Michigan is set forth in the statement of the 6ase by the reporter.
In the County Court the following proceedings were had: ,,At a session of the County Court for the county of Brown, begun and held, at the township of Green Bay, in the school-house, on Tuesday, the tenth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and
twenty-six. &PCresent: the Hon. James Porlier, chief justice, and John Lawe,
Esq., associate justice. The court was opened by George Johnston, sheriff
"The petition of Paul Grignon, administrator on the estate of Pierre Grignon, late of the county of Brown, (deceased,) was filed by his attorney, H. S. Baird, praying for an order from the court to authorize him to dispose'of the real estate of said Pierre.
- CIn consideration.of the facts alleged in kaid petition, and for divers other good and sufficient reasons, it is ordered that he be empowered as aforesaid.
"Minutes read, corrected, and signed by order of the court.
Ro.BrnT I i, Jun., Cler."
"TERMTORYOF MICmaGrs,
Brown county, The United States-of America, to Paul Grignon, administ ator of
Pierre Grignon, deceased. Be it known, to all whom it may concern, that at a term of the County Court of the county of Brown, continued and held at the township of Green Bay, in said county, on Tuesday, the tenth day of January,.in the year of our Lord; one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, before the Hon. James Porlier, chief justice, and John Lawe, Esq., associatejustice, Paul Grignon, administrator of all and singular the goods and chattels, rights and credits, lands and tenements of Pierre Grignon; deceased, late of the county of Brown aforesaid, represents to this court, then and there in session, that the said Pierre died intestate, at Green Bay, I said county of Brown, on the fourth day of March, A. D. 1823; that at the time of his death,

3ANUARY TERM, 1844.

837

Grignon's Les.see v. Astor et- aL.

the said Pierre was seised- in his demesne as of fee in and to the following tracts or lots of land, situated at Green Bay aforesaid,

to wit:

Lot number three, on the east side of Fox river, bounded north by

land claimed by the estate of Dometile Longevin. south by Augustin

Grignon, and four-and-a-half arpens in front, and eighty arpens rear.

Also, lot numbei five, on the same side of said river, bounded north

by Augustin Grignon's claim, and south by land- cahimed and occu-

pied by John Lawe, Esq., being frur acres and sixteen. feet wide,

and extending back eighty acres.

Also, lot number three, in dispute between said deceased and

George Johnston, on the west side of said Fox river, lately occupied

by said George Johnston, bounded north by Louis Grignon, and

south by land of said deceased, being eight chains and.sixty-two

links wide, and' eighty arpens deep.

Also, lot number four, on the same side ofsaid river, bounded north by the last mentioned claim, and south by land claimed by

John Lawe, Esq., being eight chains and fifty links wide, and

extending back eighty arpens.

And that it has been ascertained by the petitioner that the .goods

and chattels belonging to the estate of ,the said deceased are insuffi-

cient to pay all the just debts.which he owed at the time of his ileath,

but that the estate will be jinsolvent; -and therefore prays that leave

may be granted him to dispose of the tracts.and lots of land aforesaid.

* Now, therefore, for the causes aforesaid,_and for divers other good

and sufficient reasons, the court thereunto moving, they do hereby

authorize and eipower'you the said administrator, to dispose of all

the right, title, and interest of the -deceased in and to the above

described tracts and lots of laid in such manner as will best serve

the interest of. all concerned in said estate, requiring of -you a due

observance of the statute in such cahe made and provided.

Wrrn'ss, James Porlier, chief justice of .the County Court of the

county of Brown, at the township of Green Bay,. on the

28th of March, A.'D. 1826.

ROBEnT IRIwr, J-1m., Clrk B C.

At the trial numerous questions of evidence arose, and many

instructions were asked of the court, to whose opinion the plaintiffs

excepted; but we do not deem-it necessary to notice them in detail, -

as in oar opinion the whole merits of the controversy depend on one

Vo. I.--43

2 F

338

SUPREME COURT.

Grignon's' Less-ee v. Astor et..aL

single question, had the County Court of Brown county jurisdiction of the subject on which they acted?
Jurisdiction has been thus defined by this court. " The power to hear and determine a cause is jurisdiction; it is coram judice-whenever a case is presented which brings this power into action; if the petitioner presents such a case.in his petition, that on a demurrer the court would'render a judgment in his favour, it is an undoubted case of jurisdiction; whether on an answer denying and putting'in issue the allegations of the petition, the petitioner -makes out his case, is the exercise of jurisdiction, conferred by the filing a Petition containing all the requisites, and in the manner required by law." 6 Peters, 709. cAny movement by a court is necesshrily the exercise of jurisdiction; so, to exercise any judicial power over the subject-matter and the parties, the question is whether, on the case before a court, their action'is judicial, or extra-judicial, with, or without the authority of law, to render a judgment or decree upon the rights of the litigant parties. If the law confers the power to render a judgment'or decree, then the court has jurisdiction, what shall-be adjudged or decreed between the parties, and with which is the rightof the case, is judicial action by hearing and determining it." 12 Peters, 718;. S. P. 3 Peters, 20i- It.is a case of judicial cognisance, and the proceedings are judicial. 12 Peters, 623. This is the line which denotes jurisdiction 'and its exercise, in cases in.personam, where there. are adverse parties, the court must have
power over the subject-matter and the parties; but on a proceeding to sell the real estate of an indebted intestate, there are no adversary p ries, the proceeding is in rem, ,the administrator represents the land, (11 S.,and R. 432;) they are analogous to proceedings in the admiralty, where the only question of jurisdiction is the power of.the court over the thing, the subject-matter before them, without regard to the persons who may have ,aninterest in it; all the world aie parties. In -the Orphans' Court, and all courts who have power to sell the estates of intestates, their action operates on the estate, not on the heirs of the intestate, a plurchaser claims not their title, but one para,mount. 11 S. and R. 426. The estate passes to~him by operation of law. 11 S. and R. 428. The sale is a proceeding in.rem, to ,which'all claiming under the intestate are parties, (11 S. and R. 429,) which directs the title of the deceased. 11S.. andR. 430.
A§ the jurisdiction of such courts is irrespective of the parties in

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

389

Grignon's Lessee v.'Astor et al.

intetest, our inquiry in this case is whether the County Court of Brown county had power to act in the estate of Peter Grignon, on the petition of the administrator under the law of Michigan, providing, that, where the goods and chattels of a decedent are not sufficient to answer his just debts on representation thereof, and the same being made to. apptar to the County Court where he dwelt, or where his real estate lies, it may license the executor or administrator to make sale of so much as will satisfy the debts and'legacies.
No other requisites to th jurisdiction of the County Cdurt are prescribed than the death of Grignon, the insufficiency of his personal estatetto payhis debts, and a representation thereof to the ,County Court where he dwelt ok his rel estate"was situate, making these facts appear to the court. Their decision was the exercise'ofjurisdiction, which was conferred by the representation ; for whenever that was before the court, they must hear and determine whether it was true or not; it was a subject on which there might be judicial actidn. The-record of the County Cbirt shows that -there was a petiti~n representing some facts by the administrator,.who prayed an order of sale; that the court 'took 'those"facts which weei alleged ih the petition into consideration,, and for these adid divers other' good reasons ordered that he be empowered to:sell. 'It did -then appear -to. the coart that'there wer6 facts and 'reasons before them which brought their power into 'action, and that it was exercised by. granting the prayer'of the petitioner,. and the decree- of the court does not specify the facts and rearSis, or' refer to the .evidence'-on which they were made to appear to' the judibial eye; they must have been, and the law presumes that they were such a's to justify their action. 14 Peters, 458. But though- the order of the toiirt sets forth no facts on which-it was. founded, the license to the administrator is ful and explicit, showing what was considered:and adjudicated oft the petition and evidence, and that every requisition of ihe la* had been complied with before. the order was made, by -proof of the existence 'of all the factoon which the power to make it dpended. 3 Peter , 202.; 2Peters, 165. We all know that even in: the old states, the records of these and similar proceedings are very imperfectly kept, that where it consists of separate pidces of paper, they are ofteir mislaid or lost by the c'arelessness of clerks. and their frequent changes; regular entries of the proceedings are not entered on .thdocket as in adversary cases, -nr are the -facts set- forth hi .the petition'-enterd'd at'large; and it is no matter of surprise'that in so nev and remote part of the country'as

340

SUPREME COURT

Grignon's Lessee v. Astoi et al.

the place where these proceedings were had, this state of things .should exist. Nor is it necessary that a full or perfect acccunt should appear in the records of the-contents of papers on files, or me judgment of the court on matters preliminary to a final order; it is enough that there be something of record which shows the subject-matter
before the -court, and their action upon it, that their judicial power arose and was exercised by a definitive order, sentence, or decree. 2 Peters, 165. The petition in the present case called for a-decision of the court that the facts represented did or did not appear to them to be sufficiently proved; they decided that they did so appear, whereby their power was exercised by the authority of the law, and it became their duty to order the sale, unless in a case -under the 3d section. The subsequent provisions of the act of Michigan relate exclusively to acts and proceedings in the execution of the order of sale or are directory to the administrator to accompany the representation with a certificate of the judge of probate, and to the-court, before passing on such representation, to order notice to be given to the .parties concerned, to show cause Why the license should not be granted; but these provisions do not affect the jurisdiction of the court, they apply only to its exercise. After the court has passed on the representation of the-administrator, the law presumes that it was accompanied by the certificate of the judge of probate; as that was.a
requisite to the action of the court; their order of sale is evidence of that or any fact which was necessary to give them power to make it, and the same remark applies to the order to give notice to the-parties. This is a familiar principle in ordinary adversary actions, in which it is presumed after verdict, that the plaintiff has proved every fact
which is indispensable to his recovery, though na evidence appears on the record-to show it; and the principle is of more universal application in proceedings in reraafter a final decree by a court of competent jurisdiction over the subject-iatter.
The granting, the- license to -sell is an adjudication upon all the fa,cs necessary to give jurisdiction, and whether they existed or not is wholly imniaterial, if no appeal -is taken; the rule is the same wbether the law.gives an appeal or not; if none is given from the final decree, it is conclusive on all whom it concerns. The record is absolute verity, to contradict which there can be no averment or evidence; .the court having power to make the decree, it can be impeached only by fraud in the piarty Who obtains it,6 Peters, 729. A purchaser under itis not bound to look beyond the decree; if thereAs error in it, of the

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

341

Grignons Lessee v. Astol et al.

most-palpable kind, if the court which rendered it have, in the exercise of jurisdiction, disregarded, misconstrued, or disobeyed the plain provisions of the law which gave them the.power to hear and deter-. mine the case before Ahem, the title of a purchaser is as much protected as if the adjudication -would, stand the test of a writ of error_ so where an: appeal is given but iot taken in the time prescribed by law. These principles are settled as to all courts of record which heve an'original general jurisdiction, over any particular subjects;. they are not, courts of special or limited jurisdiction, they are not inferior courts, in the technical sense of the term, because an appeal lies from their decisions. That applies to "courts of special and limited.jurisdiction, which are 'created on such principles 'that their' judgments, taken alone, are entirely disregarded, and the proceedings must show their jurisdiction.;" that 'of the courtsof the-United States is limited and special, and their -proceedings are reversible on error, but are not nullities, which m~y be dntirely disregarded. 3 Peters, 205. They have power ,torender.final judgments and decrees which bind. tle persons and things before them conclusively, in criminal as well as civil causes, unless- revised on error or by appeal. The true line of distinction between courts whose "decisions are conclusive if not removed to .anappellate ,court, and those *whoseproceedings are nullities 'if their jurisdiction does not appear on their .face, is this: a court which is competent by its constitution to aecide on its own jurisdiction, ad-t6 exercise.it toa finaljttdguient, without setting forth
in their proceedings the facts and evidence.on which it is rendered, whose record.is absolute verity, not to be impugned by averment'or proof to the contrar, is of the first descrilition; there .can be no judicial inspection behind. tle judgment save -by appellate power. A court which is' so constituted that its judgment can be Iqoked through fQr the facts and evidence.which are-necessary to sustain it; whose decision is.not evidence of itself to show.jurisdiction and its lawful exercise, is of the latter descriptio ; every requisite for either must appear on the tce of their proceedings, or they are nullities. The Circuit Court of this district has original, exclusive, and final jurisdictioh in criminal cases, its judg ient is a sufficient cause on'a retun to a writ of hlieas vorp s; " on this writ 'this court cannot look behind: the judgment and re-examine the charges on :which it was
rendered. A judgment in its nature concludes the subject in which. it is rendered, and pronounces the, law of the.case. The judgment
of a court of record, whose jurisdiction is final, is as c6nalusive on' 2F2

342

SUPREME COURT.

Grignon's Lessee v. Astor et aL

all the world as the judgment of this court would be. It is as conclusive in this court as it is on. other courts. It puts an end to all inquiry into the fact by deciding it." 3.Peters, 204, 205.
cc.To determine whether the offence charged in the indictment'be legally punishable or not, is among the most unquestionable of its (the Circuit Court) powers-and duties; the decision of the question ia the exercise ofjurisdiction, whether the judgment be for or against the prisor er, it is equally. Binding and remains in full force until. reversed." 3 Peters,,204, 205.
If the jurisdiction of the court jn a civil case.is-not alleged in the cc pleadings, the judgment is not a nullity, but though erroneous, is obligatory as one, (3 Peters, 206,).and in a proceeding in e'em, an erroneous judgment binds. the property on-which it acts, it will not bind it the less because the error is apparent, and the judgment is of complete obligation." 3, Peters, 207. The judgaient of the Circuit Conit, in a criminal case, "is of itself-evidence of its own legality, and requires for its support no inspection of the indictments on which it is founded. The-law trusts that court'vith the whole subsect, and has not confided to this -court the power of revising its decision." 3 Peters, 207. ..'These -principles have been applied by this court to. sales made under the decrees of Orphans' Courts: ,wheretheyhave power tojudge of a matter of ficf, cthey are not required to 'enter on record the evidence on which they, decided that. fact. And how can we now say but that the court had-satisfactory.evidence before it, that one of the heirs -was of age? "If it W's so stated in terms on the face of the proceedings, and even if the jurisdiction of the court depended on that fact; it is by- no means clear, that it would be permitted to contradict it, oi' a direct proceeding to reverse any order oi dectee made by the court. But to permit that fact to be drawn in question in this collateral way, is certainly not warranted by any principle of law." 2 Peters, 165, Thompsonv. Tolmie,
,"If the purchaser (under a decree, of the Orphans' Court) was
responsible for their mistakes -in point of fact, after they had'adjudicated upon the facts, and acted upon -them, those sales would be
snares for honest men.' 2 Peters, 169, cited 11 S. and R. 429.
"cThe purchaser is not bound' to'look farther back than, the order of the court. - He is not to see whether the court were mistaken in the facts of debts and children. The. decree of an Orphans' Court
in a case within its jurisdiction is reversible only on appeal, and not

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

43

Grignon's Lessee v. Astor et a].

collaterally in another suit. A title under a license to the administrator to sell real estate, "cis good against the heirs of the intestate, although the license was granted upon the certificate of the juage of probate, not warranted by the circumstance of the case."
cc The license was granted by a court having jurisdiction of the
subject: if it was improvidently exercised, or in a manner not-warranted by the evidence from the probate c(urts I yet it 'is not to be corrected at the expense of the purchaser, -who had a right to rely upon the order of the court, as an authority emanating from a court of.competent jurisdiction." 2 Peters, 169, and 11 Mass. 227, cited.
In that case the jurisdiction of the court was held to attach, "cwhen the acceptor dies intestate, and any of the" persons entitled to his estate is a minor, (2 Peters, 165 ;)-so in this case it attaches on the decease of any person indebted beyond the personal estate he leaves, and when jurisdiction is once attached to a subject, or exists over a person, this court has adopted as a .rule applicable to all courts of :records that their decisions are conclusive; ,,it has a right to decide .every question which occurs in a cause, and whether its decision be ,correct or otherwise, its judgment, until reversed, is binding on every other court." 1 Peters, 340. In Voorhees v. The Bank of the United States the same principle is applied to sales or executions under judgments on adversary process, and such must hereafter be taken to be the established law of judicial sales, as well relating to those made in proceedings in rem, as i7i ersonam. 10 Peters, 473.
We do not deem it necessary, now or liereatter, to retrace the reasons or the authorities on which the decisions of this court in that, or the cases which preceded it, rested ; they are founded on the oldest and most sacred principles of the common law. Time has consecrated them; the courts of the states have followed, and this court' has never departed from them. They are rules of property, on which the repose of the country depends; titles acquired under the proceedings of courts of competent jurisdiction must be deemed inviolable in collateral action, or none can know what is his own; and there are no judicial sales around which greater sanctity ought to be placed, than those made of the estates of decedents, by-order.of those courts to whom the laws of the states confide full jurisdiction over the sub-
jects. These sales are less expensive than when Jiade on executions;
more time is allowed to make them; the discretion of the court is exercised as to time, manner, and the terms of sale; whereas on sales

344

SUPREM'E COURT.

Chouteau v. Eckhart.

by a sheriff, all is by compulsion and no credit is allowed; he cannot offer one entire piece of property for sale in parcels ; the administrator can divide and sell as best subserves the interest of the heirs, and sell only so muchk as the emergency of the case requires.
It has been contended by the plaintiff's counsel, that the sale in the present case is not valid, because Peter-Grignon had not such an estate in the premises as could be sold under the order of the County Cou t, it being only an equitable one before the patent issued in 1829 ; but'the title became a legal one by its confirmation by the act of Congress of.February, 1823, which -wasequivalent to a patent. It -wasa higher e-idenbe of title, as it was the direct grant of the fee
which had been in the United States by the government itself,whereas the patent was only -the act of its ministerial officers. . These views of this case decide it, without examining the exceptions to the admission of evidence, the ruling of the court on the insfruction prayed, or their charge to the jury. So far as either were unfavourable to the plaintiff, they- are most fully sustained by the foregoing principles 'afid cases; the County Court of Brown county had undoubted jurisdiction of:(he subject; their proceedings are irreversible; the title of the purchaser'cannot be questioned ; and the judgment'of the-court below must be affirmed with costs.

This cause came on to -be heard on the transcript of the record from the. Supreme Court of the Territory of-Wisconsin, and was argued by counsel On donsideration whereof, It is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Supreme Court of the Teiritory of Wisconsin in this cause be, and the same is hereby'affirmed with costs.

PmnitE CHorTAv, SEN., PLi9YiFv-nq E oR,.v. WLLAtN ECKHART.
This coutrt has jurisdiction, under the twenty-fifth section of Ihe Judiciary act, in a Missouri land cause, where the title-is not to be determined by Spanish jaws alone, but where the cnstruction of an act of Congress is involved to sustain thp title.
The obligation of perfecting titles under Spanish concessions, which was as-

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

581

Ladiga v. Roland et al.

some of their circumstances, were reasoned out and supported upon the broad and general principle that the assets of the testator were in no case bound for the debts contracted after his death by the persons whom he had authorized to continue his trade, but the rights of such new creditors were exclusively confined- to the funds embarked in the trade and to the personal responsibility of the party who continued it, whether as trustee, or as executor, or as partner-unless, indeed, the testator had otherwise positively and expressly bound his general assets. The case of Pitkin v. Pitkin, 7 Conn. Rep. 307, is, however, (as has been already suggested,) directly in point. There, the testator, by his will directed, "that all his interest and concern in the hat manufacturing business, &c., as then conducted under said firm, should be continfed to operate in the same connection for the term of four years after his decease, &c." The court there held, after referring to the cases in 10 Ves. 110, and 3 Madd. Rep. 138, that the general assets of the testator were not liable to the claims of any creditors of the firm who became such after the testator's death; and
that such creditors had no lien on the estate in the hands of the devisees under the will, although they might eventually participate in the profits of the trade. There was another point decided in that case, upon which we wish to beunderstood as expressing no opinion.
Upon the -whole, our opinion is, that the decree of the Circuit Court dismissing the bill ought to be affirmed with costs.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the -District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Alexandria, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, It is now here ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

SALLY LADiGA, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR,. V. RIcARD Dnj;MARcus ROLAND, AND PETER HIEFNER, DEFENDANTS.
By a treaty made between the United States and the Creek tribe of Indians, east of the Mississippi river, on the 24th of March, 1832, it was stipulated.
1.That ninety principal chiefs of the tribe should be allowed to select one section each.
3c2

15S2

SUPREME COURT.

Ladiga v. Roland et al.

2. That every other head of a Creek fimily should be allowed to select one-half
section each; and that these tracts should be reserved from sale, for their use, for the term of five years, unless sooner disposed of by them. 3. That twenty selections should be made, under the direction of the President, for the orphan children of the Creeks, and divided and retained or sold 'for their benefit as the President should direct. In making the selections fok the orphan children, the President had no authority, under the treaty, to choose any land embraced by the two preceding clauses. A grandmother, living -with her grandchildren, was the head of a Creek family, and had a right to make a selection ; and the sale of her selection under the authority of the President was a nullity.
THis case was brought up, by writ of error, under the 25th section of the Judiciary act, from the Supreme Court of the state of Alabama.
On the 24th of March, 1832, a treaty was made between the United States and the Creek tribe of Indians, east of the Mississippi river.
The articles of this treaty which bear upon the'present case are as followi
"cArticle I. The Creek tribe of Indians cede to the United States
all their lands east of the.Mississippi river. " Art. II. The United States engage to survey the said land as soon
as the same can be conveniently done, after the ratification of this treaty, and, when the same is surveyed to allow ninety principal chiefs of the Creek tribe to select one section each, and every other head of a Creek family to select one-half section each, which tracts shall be reserved from sale for their use for the term of five years, unless sooner disposed of by them. A census of these persons shall be taken under the direction of the President, and the selections shall bemade so as to include the improvements of each person within his selection, if the same can be so made, and if 'not, then all the persons belonging to the same town, entitled to selections, and who cannot make the same, so as to include their improvements, shall fake them in one body in a proper form. And twenty selections shall be selected, under the direction of the President for the orphan children of the Creeks) and divided and retained or sold for their benefit as the President may: direct. Provided, however, that no selection or locations under this treaty shall be so made as to include the agency
xeserve,
" Art. II. These tracts may be conveyed by the persons selecting the same, to any other persons for a fair consideration, in such manner as the President may direct. The contract shall be certified by some person appointed for that purpose by the President, but shall not be

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

583

,adiga . Roland et al.

valid till the President approves the, same. A title shall begiven by the United States on the completion of the paymdnt.
" Art. IV. At the end of five years all the Creeks entitled to these selections, and desirous of rem-ining, shall receive patents therefor .in fee-simple from the lfnited States.
,cArt. V. All intruders upon.the country hereby ceded, shall be removed therefrom in. the same manner as intruders may be removed by law- from other public land until the country is surveyed, and the selections made; excepting, however, from this provision, those white persons who have made their own improvements, and not expelled the Creeks from theirs. Such persons may remain till their crops are gathered. After the country is surveyed and the selections made, this article shall not operate upon that part of it not included in such selections. But intruders shall, in the manner before described, be removed from the selecfiont for the term-of five years from the ratification of this treaty; or until the same are conveyed to white persons.
,cArt. VI. Twenty-hine sections in addition to the'foregoing'may be located, and patents for the. same shall then issue to those persons; being Creeks, to whom the same may be assigned by the Creek tribe.
cc Art. XV. This treatylshall be obligatory to the contracting parties, as soon as the same shall be-ratified by the United States."
Sally Ladiga claimed to be the head'of a Creek Indian family, and, as such, entitled to a reservation of land. Being ejected, she brought an action of trespass quarre clattsum fregto try her title, in the Circuit .Qdurt of Benton county, state of Alabama, and recovered. But the case having been carried to the Supreme Court of Alabama, the judgment was reversed. Upoli the certificate of the Supreme Court heing produced .inthe Circuit Court, on the second trial, judgment was given for the defendantr; 'which judgment was shbsequently affirmed in the Supreme Court of the state.
To review this judgment the present writ of error was brought. The facts'of the case and ruling of the court are set forth.in the following bill of exceptions. Be it remembered that upon .the trial of the above entitled cause the plaintiff claimed title .to the land in cbntroversy under and by virtue of the treaty made.and concluded between -the United States of America and the Creek-tribe of Indians east of the Mississippi river, on the 24thday of March, A. D. 1832, the plaintiff introduced the following witnesses, viz.: :Chr. A. Green, John Goodwyn, Hora-

SUPREME COURT.
La&iga-v. Roland et-al.
tio Griffin, Benjamin Pope, Thomas C. Henderson, John Bboyd, Thomas E. Montgomery, and Matthew M. Houston, by whom she proved substantially the following facts:
1. That said plaintiff, at the date of 'treaty aforesaid to wit, on the 24th'Mardh,. 1832, and long anterior to that period, and from thence to the present time, was and -isthe head of the Crnek.Indian family residing in and'having an improvement upon the E half of section 2, townshiip 14, range 8 E, &c., in the district of land subject to sale at Mardisville, in the state of Alabama, which land is situate -inBenton county, .and is the sime sued for in this action'.
2. That the said land at the commencement of'this suit, and ever 'sincei has been, and is worth three thousand dollars and more. That the rents and profis of the same, since the institution of this Suit have been worth more than two thousand dollars, That the rents and profits have been received by defendants, who had the possession of said land at and -lefore the commencement of this suit, and from thence until the present time.
3. It was further proved by said witnessqs; that at no time -as there any other Indian improvement on the said' land, and tat the improvement and residence 'of the plaintiff alone was embraced in said half section by the legal*lines of survey, and thht plaintia had lived there for many years, and raised anumerous family cf children.
4. It was further proved, by -the production of the census roll taken by order of the government of the United States, of the heads of families of the Creek tribe, in conformity with the se6ond. article of the treaty aforesaid, that the laintiff was duly enrolled by the agent of the United States. charged with this duty, as one of' the heads of families belonging to the said: Creek tribe, and as entitled to land under said tieaty-her identity being showa6 by the witnesses.
5. That in 1834, the government, by agents charged -with this duty, located the Indians. That the formula of'location, as practised by said agent, consisted in calling the Indians- belonging to the respective Indian towns together, and in the pres'ence of the chiefs and head men in the town, the agent would call over the names registered by the enrolling agent as being the heads of families in that town. That the persons whose names were so registered would appdar and answer to their names, and their identity and residence, and' zilso their imprqvements, would be proved, &c., 'pointed out' by the chiefs and had men so-assembled ; and the agent would ther'deiignate by figures and letters, the land opposite the name of each re-

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

'585

.Ladiga .v.,Roland et, 9l.

servee on said census roll, to Which he supposed them entitled under the treaty.
6. That upon the, agent coming into the Tallasahahee town of Indians, for the purpose of making the locations aforesaid, the plaintiff appeared.before him, and being identified as the same whose name was enrolled on the census list of said town, claimed the land in dispute, on which her improvement, at the date of the treaty aforesaid, was sifuated, and which she, then informed him she had selected as her reservation-theie being ho other improvement, location, or conflicting claim thereto at that time. That the deputy locating agent, who located the town to which she belonged, not regarding her' the head of a family, by reaosbn of her children having married-and left her, 'and none but orphan grandchildren residing with her,.-refused to retognise her rights under the treaty, or set apart the land, so.by her selected opposite her nahe on the roll, as in other cases. That from the date of the treaty aforesaid, until the year 1837, she made continual and r~peated applications to the government officers. to assert her rights to said land, and through them to the government itself; until,, in 1837, she was forced to leave the country and emigrate to Arkansas, by the arihed troops in the emplpy and under the directions of 'the government. That she never had abandoned her claim, but insisted on her right under the treaty, to enforce which this action was brought. M. M. Houston,. who was the locating agent, testified as to the reasons which induced him to refuse a recognition of plaintiff's right.
The defendant' then introduced a patent or grant from, the United States, signed by the President, Martin Van Buren, dated the 21st day of Decemiber, 1837, which, after reciting that by virtu6 of the treaty aforesaid of the 24th March, 1832, between the United States and. Greek fribe of Indians, the United States agreed that twenty sections of land should be selected, under the direction of the President, for the orphan children of said tribe, and divided and retained or sold for their benefit, as the President might direct; nd that the President, in making such selection, had included section 2, township 14, range 8 east, and divided the same into quarter sections; and said tract having been sold pursant to instructions, Canton, Smith., and Heifner had become the purchasers of the south-east quarter of said section; which, purchase had been sanctioned and approved' by the President on,the 3d November, 1836-gave, and granted to said Cahtoni Smith; and Heifier, the said south-east quarter, tuthem their
VoL. 1I.--74

586 .

SUPREM'E COURT.

Ladiga v. Roland et al.

heirs, &c., for ever, as tenants in common, and not as joint-tenants: which grant being properly attested, was read to the jury. Another patent or grant from the government of the United States, similar in all its form to that above named, and containing like recitals, bearing the same date and properly authenticated, conveying the north-east quarter of said section to Richard de Marcus Roland, .vas offered and read to the ju.ry. And this being all the testimony, the plaintiff's counsel asked the court to charge the juryas follows: . 1. That if they believed from the evidence that the defendants *were in possession of the land sued for at the institution of this suit, and c6ntinued to hold the same adversely, receiving the rents"and profits thereof; and that if from the evidence the jury were further "satisfied that the plainfiff, at the date of the- treaty made and concluded at the cityof Washington between the United States ofAmerica .tnd the Creek tribe of Indians east of the Missisippi river, to"wit, on the 24th day of March, 1832, was the head of. a Creek Indian family, and that the United States enrolled her name under the provisions, of the treaty aforesaid, requiring a census to be taken, &c., as the head of a Creek family;. and.that said plaintiff before and at the time of the:ratification of said, treaty, and from thence until she was forced to leave: he country by the United Statesi possessed said lands sued for, having an improvement and residence upon the same; and if the juiy believe from-the testimony that said plaintiff did select the-said half section, including her improvement, and, that such .selection was so made without .conflicting with the ights of any oter Indian, or the rights or duties of the govermnent reserved, secured, or prescribed by the treaty aforiesaid, and if the proper officers of the government were dulynotified ofsuch selection-by the-said-plaintiff, and that she had never forfeited her rights by a voluntary abandonment -of the lands sued for, but had been compelled by force or coercion on the part of the United States, to emigrate from the country and leave the land, then- the plaintiff is entitled to, recover in this
action. 2. The plaintiff asked the further -charge-that underthe second
article of the said Creek treaty of the 24th March,- 1832, each head of a Creek Indian family, after the land ceded by -said treaty had been surveyed, was entitled, to select a half section of land so ag to includ .their improvement, if the same cbuld be made; aid if the jury believed from the proof that the plaintiff was the head, of a Creekfamily, and -entitled to a selection, under the treaty, and that

JANUARY TERM, .1844.

587

Ladiga v. Roland.e-t aI.

after such survey she could selcct, and did select the half section in dispute, and in a reasonable time notified the government of -such selection, and had never voluntarily abandoned said land ;then plain. tiff in such, case acquired a vested right to. said land inchoate, but sufficient under the laws of this state, coupledwith possession, to maintain this action, and that such right could not be defeated by the subsequent disposition'of the same by the United States to the. de-
fendants. 3. The plaintiff asked the court furthe'rto charge the. jury:- that
if the plaintiff was entitled -to select a half -section of land- under-the treaty aforesaid, as the head of-a Creek family, duly enrolled as such, and the selection could have been so made, and was so made, as to include her improvement -withinthe selection; that iisuch case thetreaty itself located the plaintiff; and if the government, with-a knowledge of such selection and location, exposed the land to sale,-or.-ieserved 'it for other purposes, such sale or disposition could not-prejudice the right of the plaintiff. All which charges the court refused to give, and in lieu of them charged the jury: that notwithstanding the plaintiff ;was the head of a Creek:family, duly enrolled, as such by the authorized agent of the government; and entitled to select a half sec-tion under the second article of the treaty of the-24th March, 1832; and that although, after the landc ceded 'by the treaty aforesaid had been surveyed, she could have selected, and did select, 'the half sec-tion iridispute, which- included.-her, improvement,- and: of which selection she duly notified. the government; yet the refusal of the' locating agent to Tecognise. her right and-to set apart the land by a designation of it opposite her name upon the rolla's, in other cases of location, coupled with the subsequent sale and grants of the same .land to the defendants by the jUnited States, whether right or wrong, divested the plaintiff of all right to said land,' and vested in the defendants in this action titles paramount;. which the plaintiff-could not .gainsay or dispute. To which.refusals of the court to give the charges asked by the plaintiff, and to the charge given in lieu of them by the court, the 'plaintiff excepts, and -now here tenders this bill of exceptiods, which is signed' and sealed by the court, .andordered to 'be made a part of the rqcoid of this cause, which is ac'cordingly done.
This opiidon of the court of Benton county being, as has, been: said, affirmed by the'Supreme Court of the state of Alabama, the -pre,-' sent writ of error was-brought to review it.

",88

. SUPREME COURT.

Ladiga-v. Roland et a-L

* Cbxe, for the plaintiff in error. Coxe referred to the treaty, (8 Laws United States, 107.7,) and
commented on the several articles of it. He then argued that the treaty, per se, vested, a title in the plaintiff, and cited the following .cases where the point had been decided as arising under a treaty of 1819. with the Cherokees. 3 Yerger, 445, 452; 7 Yerger, 46; 8 Yerger, 249,.461; 6.Porter, 327, 413.

Mr. Justice BALDWIN delivered the opinion of the court.
Both parties claim the land ii -ontroversy under the United States; in virtue-of the treaty of.Washington, made on the 24th March, 1832, between the United States and the chiefs of the Creek tribe of- Indians. The decision ofthe Supreme .Court of Alabama was against ,the title set up by the plaintiff, the case is therefore properly brought here under the 25th section of the Judiciary act of 1789. [The articles .ofthe treaty are set forth in the statement of the reporter.] By anifspection of the second article it will be seen, that there are -three distinct classes of selections to be made' from the ceded lands3 for the benefit of the Indians," after the lands are surveyed.
1. The United States engage to allow ninety principal chiefs Io select'one section each. -
2.. And every other head' of a Creek'family to select one half section each, whichtracts shall be reserved from sale fortheiruse forth term of five years, unless sooner disposed of by-them. A census is to be taken of these persons, and the selections are to include.thetimprovements of each person within his selection.
3. Andtwenty sections shall be selected undei the direction of'the President, for the-orphan, children -of the Creeks, and divided, ...etained, or sold, for their benefit, as he may direct.
By article third"these tract'may be sold by the persons selecting them, to any persons, as the President may direct, and a title shall be given by the United States on.the completion of the payment of-the consideration. The fourth article stipulates, that at the end of five years, those entitled -to these selections, who are desirous of remaining, shall receive patents; and .by article fifth, all intruders shall be removed from these selections, for five years after.the treaty, or until the same are conveyed to -white persons. By article sixth, twenty-pine uections more may be located, and patents shall issue to the Creeks to whomthe same may be assigned by the tribe. Thefifteenth articlemakes tbe treaty obligatory on the parties, whenratifiedby the United States.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

589

Iadiga v. Rolana et al.

The engagements of the treaty then are, to allow the chiefs and heads of families to select; for -their own use, and reserve from sale for five years, the lands selected, that they may be sold and conveyed with the approbation or the Presideni, and titles to be givenby the United States, on payment of the purchase-money, and at the end of' five years to give patents to all who are entitled to select and. desirous of remaining, and to remove intruders from their selections, during that time, till they are conveyed to white persons.
The lands to be selected for the orphans are placed under the exclusive direction of the President, as to their location-and disposition, and are not embraced in te third or fourth articles, which are confined to selections made by the Indians themselvesf-these are expressly reserved from sale for five years, whereas the selectiois for orphans may be made and the lands sold at any time the President directs.
No authority is given to the President to direct the selection of the twenty sections for orphans, on or out of those made by.the chiefs or the heads of families, or those sections which the tribes may assign under the sixth article; all the lands so selected or located are placed - beyond the power of any offier, consistently with the obligatory engagements of the treaty on the United States. In directing the,selec-
tions for orphans, the treaty did not intend, and canmot admit of the construction, that they might be made on lands selected according to the first part of the second article. The provisions of the treaty were progressive-that relating to orphans is entirely prospective. *cItis a principle.which has always been held sacred in the United States, that laws by which human action is to be regulated, look forward, not backward, and are never to be construed retrospectively, unless
the language of the act should render that indispensable. No words are found in the act which renders this odiou§ construction indispensable."
2 Peters, 434. The last clause in this article cannot have been intended to annul -or impair a title which was vdlid under the first
clause, and guarantied from intrusion under the fifth article. for five years, unless sooner sold. -S. P. 9 Wheat. 479.
Thus taking the treaty, and applying it to the evidence given at the trial, "the instructions prayed of the court, and those given to the
jury, it will not be difficult to decide in which party is the right of
this case.
The plaintiff cc proved substantially the following facts." [For the facts proved upon the trial, see the statement of the reporter..].
From the evidence it appears that the plaintiff claimed under the
3D

590

SUPREME COURT.

Ladiga v. Roland et al.

first, and the defendants under the second clause of the second article of.the treaty; that the plaintiff was the head of a family within the description, and had complied with all the requisites of the treaty, had selected the -tractwhereon her improvements were, where she resided before, at the time of the treaty, and until her expulsion therefrom by military force, on the frivolous pretence that she was not the head of
a family, her children having married and left her, and none but her grandchildren lived -with her. The defendants claimed under the
second clause of the second article, relating to orphans' selections' by two patents'dated in 1837, each for a quarter section, being the two halves of the half section selected by the plaintiff, which patents issued pursuant to a sale made by the agent appointed by the Presi-
dent, and affirmed by him in November, 1836, five months before the expiration of five years from the- ratification of the treaty, and while the land was expressly reserved from sale. The defendants
gave no other evidence of title. -This sale was a direct infraction of the solemn engagements of the United States in the treaty. Though approved by the President, if the ,plaintiffhad previously selected it according to the stipulations of the treaty, in such case the iale was a nullity, for th&want of any power in the'-treaty.to make it. The President could give no such power, or authorize the officers of the land-office-to issue patents on such sales; they are as void as the sales, by reason of their collision with the -treaty. The only remaining inquiry is into the plaintiff's title. No other objection has been made to it, than the refusal of the locating agent or his deputy, to recognise her right, under the treaty, or to set apart the land so located by her opposite her name on the roll, as in other cases, solely for the reason he assigned. We cannot seriously discuss the question,'whether 'a grandmother and her grand-
children compose a family, in the .meaning of that word in the treaty, it must shock the common sense of all mankind to even doubt it. It is as incomhpatible with the good faith and hbnour of the United States, and as repugnant to the Indian character, to suppose that either party to the treaty could -contemplate such a construction to their solemn compact, as to exclude such persons from its protection, and authorize any officer to force her from her home,.into the wilds of the far west. Such an exercise of power is not warranted by the compact, and the pretext on which it was exercised is wholly unsanctioned by
any principle of law or justice. Having a right -by the treaty to select the land of her residence;

JA.NUARY TERM, 1844.

-591

Pollards Lessee v. Files.

having selected, dnd been driven from it by lawless 'forces, her title remains unimpaired. She has not slept on her rights, but from 1832 to 1837 has made continuous and repeated applications to the government officers to assert her Tights to said land, and'through them to the government itself in 1837. She has never abandoned her claim, but has insisted on: her rights under the treaty.
In our opinion, -the plaintiff not only has a right to the land in question under the treaty, but one -whichit protects and guaranties against all the -acts which have been done to her prejudice; and we are much gratified to find'in the able and sound opinion of the Supreme Court of Tennessee, on the Cherokee treaty of 1819, and the Supreme Court of Alabama on this treaty, a train of reasoning and conclusions which we very much approve, and-are -perfectly in accordance 'with our opinion in this case. These cases are reported in 2 Yerger,.144, 432; 5 Yerger, 323; 5 Porter; Alabama 'Rep. 330, 427.
The judgment of the Supreme Court of Alabama is therefore reversed.
ORDER.'
This cause came on to be heard' on e transcript of the record, from the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama, and was argued by counsel, on consideration wherebf; It is now here ordered and adz judged by this court, that the judgmeht of the said Supreme Court of the state of Alabama in this cause be, and the same is hereby 'reversed with costs; and that this-causd be,'and the sameis hereby re manded to 'the said Supreme Court of the state of Alabama, that further proceedings pnaybe had therein in conformity to the opinion of this court, and as to law and justice shall appertain.

LESSEE OF JoHN. POLLARD, WI LIAA PoLuARD, JOHN FOWLER AN HARRIET HIS WIFE, HENRY P. ENSIG AND PHEBE HIS WIFE, GEOR E HU'odINS AND LOUISA 'HIS WIFE, JOSEPH CASE AND ELIZA. HIS WIFE, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JOSEPH F. FILES, DEFENDANT.
It is the settled doctrine of the 3'udicial department of th> government, that the treaty of 1819 with Spain ceded to the United States no territory west of the river Perdido. It had already b~en acquired under the-Louisiana treaty.
Ia the interval betxween the Lbuisiana treaty and the time when the United

JANUARY TERM," 1844.
DAVID SnpUvR Jumon's LEssEE, v. MARY LYNN, WI.Li LYNN, GFo'tGE LYNN, JOHN G. LYNN, JAsxs C. LYNN,ELLEN JANE LYNN, MARY fhAGRUDER, JONATHAN W. MAGRUDER,. ANNA B. TILGHMAN,
FREDERiox AUGUSTUS SCHLEY, (WHO MARRIED WIrH FRANCINA C. LYNN DECEASED, DAUGHTER OF DAVID LYNN) PREDERICK AUGUSTUS SCH~y, WILLInm HENRY Scrai.EY, n ELizA. M. SCHLEY (CHILDREN
OF FREDLRICK A. SCHLEY AND FRAwCNA ms WIFE) DEVIEES OF DAVID LYNN.
The following words in a will, viz.. "I give and bequeath unto my brother, E. M., during his natural life, 100 acres of land. In case the said E. M. should have heirs lawfully begotten of him in wedbck, I then give and bequeath the 100 acres of land aforesaid, to him, the said E. M., his heirs and assigns for ever; but Should be, the said E. M., die without an heir so begotten, I give, bequeath, devise. and desire, that the 100 acres of land aforesaid, be sold to the highest bidder, and the money arising from the sale thereof, to be equally divided amongst my six children," give to B. M. only an estate for life, and not a fee-simple conditional.
Under the statute of Maryland, passed in 1785, (1Maxcy's Laws, chap. 72,) the chancellor can decree a sale of land upon the application of only a part of the heirs interested; and as he had jurisdiction, the record must be r~ceived as conclusive of the rights adjudicated.
The decree of the chancellor must he cornstrued to conform to the sale prayed for in the petition, and authorized by the will; and a sale beyond that isnot rendered valid by a final ratification.
A sale ordered by a court, in a case where it had not jurisdiction, must be considered asinadvertently done, or as an unauthorized proceeding; and, in either branch of the alternative, as a nullity.
Tins casewas brought up byivrit of error from the Circuit Court of the United States for the' district of Maryland,. and was an ejectment for 100 acres of land, lying in Alleghany county, in that state.
The plaintifl, who was also plaintiff in the-court below, claimed title under a sheriff's sale; but the opinion of the court; upon a case stated, being against him, he brought it up -to'this court..
The facts were as follows: In 1789, Zachariah Magruder was in possession of a tract of land called George's Adventure, containing -456 acres. His title was admitted, upon all sides, to be good; In that year he made his will; which contained the following be-

44

SUPREME COURT.

Shriver's Lessee v. Lynn et aL

qluest to his wife: I also give to my said beloved wife the full use 3f my dwelling plantation, containing in the whole, cleared and uncleared, afr-the lega6y hereafter given is taken out, about 356 acres, called Oeorge's Adventure, to 'be by her peaceably and quietly possessed and enjoyed without molestation. during her.natural life.
After sundry other bequests, h- goes on to say, Item.-I give and bequeath unto my brother, Elias Magruder, duing his natural life, 100-acres of land, being part of a tract of land called George's Adventure,. lying.and*being in Washington county, and state aforesaid; to be laid offat the upper.end of the tract aforesaid, so as to include the plantation whereon he low lives.' In case the aid Elias Magruder should have heim lawfully begotten of him in wedlock, I then give and bequeath the 100 acres of land aforesaid to him, the said Elias Magruder, his hei-s and assigns, for ever ; but. should--he, the said Elias Magruder; die without an heir so begotten, I give, bequeath, devise, -and desire, that the 100 acres of land aforesaid -be sold to the highest bidder, and tlie money arising from the sale thereof to be equally divided 'among mny six following children, to wit: Samuel Beall Magruder, William B, Magruder, Richard. Magruder, Josiah Magruder,.Norman Bruce Magruder, and Nathaniel BeallMagruder.
Item.-I devise, give, bequeath, and desire, that the remaining part of 'my land, called George's A'dventure, being about 356 acres, lying. and being in Washington county, and state aforesaid, to be sold to the highest bidder,.by, and at the discretion-of:my executrix and executor hereafter named; and the money arising from such sale to be divided equally amongst my six sons, to wit: Samuel Beall .Xagruder, William Beall Magruder, Richard Magruder, Josiah Magruder, Norman Bruce Magruder, and Nathaniel B. Magruder.
After some further provisions, the testator appointed his wife and
son executrix and executor. In 1796 Zachariah Magruder died, and his brother Elias took pos-
session of the 100 acres, which were laid off agreeably to the directions of the will. The title of the defendants is derived wholly from Elias Magruder, who conveyed the 100 acres to David Lynn, their ancestor, in fee-.ismple in 1806.
In 1805, four of the six children mentioned in the 'will, filed a petition in the high court of Chancery of Maryland, stating that the execttrix was dead; that the letters testamfntary which had been granted-to the executor had been revoked; that no sale of the real

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

45

Shriver's Lessee v. Lynn et al.

estate had been made; that the testator devised that the remaining part of his land called George's Adventure, being about 356 acres, should be sold to the highest bidder, and the money equally divided amongst his six children, including the petitioners. The petitiQn prayed the court to grant them relief, by appointing a trustee to sell all the property devised to be sold, and apply the proceeds to the purposes directed by the will.
The chancellor granted the prayer, and decreed that the real estate directed to be sold in the will, should be s6ld, and appointed a trustee in the usual way.
The decree ran thus: -That Roger Perry be, and- he is hereby appointed trustee for making the said sale, and that the course and manner of his proceedings shall- be as follows: He shall first file with the register of this court a bouid executed by himself and a
surety or sureties approved by the chancellor,". &c. &c. The decree was passed at'December session, 1805. On the 10th of March, 1806, Elias Magruder conveyed, to David
Lynn, as has been already stated, the 100 acres of land upon which he, Elias, lived.
On the 224 of March, 1806, the trustee proceeded to*sell the 356 acres mentioned in the will, stating in is report that he excepted the 100 acres devised to Elias Magruder, saying, ".The 100 acres, part of said tract devised to lie sold in casd Elias Magruder should die without heirs, as expressed in the will, still remains unsold."
The report passed through the regular process, and was finally ratified in June, 1807; the nett proceeds of sale being equally amongst the six children of Zachariah Magruder.
At some period, prior to the 1st of January, 1812, Elias died unmarried, not having at the time of his decease, nor ever having had, any heir or issue begotten by him in wedlock.
On the 15th of February, 1812, the trustee proceeded to sell, as he said' in his report, "all the remaining part of the real estate of Zachariah Magruder, deceased, consisting of 100 acres of land, part of a tract of land called Geog's Adventure, it being that part devised to Elias Magruder," when Walter Sliter became the highest bidder and purchaser.
This report was finally ratified in February, 1813; and, in August, 3813, the trustee executed a deed to Slicer, describing the 100 acres by the same metes and bounds by which they had been originally located when Elias Magruder took possession under the will.

46

$UPREME COURT.

Shriver's Lessee v. Lynn e'taL

In October, 1817, one Arnold, for the use of David Shriver, junior, the lessor of the plaintiff in this cause, and one Lamar, for himself brorght suits against Sicer in the county court of Alleghany county; and in February, 1818, one Evans, also for the use of
Shfiver; brought suit against Slicer in the. samie court. The defendant in the present case relying, as a ground of defence,
upon an outstanding title existing ii Lamar or his heirs under these proceedings, and the plaintiff resting his title wholly upon them, their progress is exhibited iq a tabular form, showing the history of each one, upr to the consummation by a sale of the 100 acres now in dis-
pute.

ARNOLD 1817. Sues Slicer.

EVANS

1818. Gets. judgment aoainst Slicer..
JUigment. sitpersdded.

Sues Slicer

1819. June-Sues out Fi. Fa.
October-Fi. Fa. countermand-
ed.

April 20. Gets judgment.
June-Issues FL. Fa. October-Fi.Fa.qoun-
ternanded.

1820.

February 2d, Fi. Fe.

"to I]."

1821.

1822.

LAMAR, Sues Slicer.
April 28..Gets judgment.
October-Issues Fl. Fa.
February-Injunction on the judgment.
April-Answer filed Odcitsosbolevre-dI.njmtion

1823. December 31., December31. Cei.Fa. Sci. Fa. is- issued. sued.

1824. Fiat. Fi. Fa.issued. 100 acres sold to Shriver by sherifF,
1825. Sheriff makes1 deed to Shriver.

Fiat. Fi. Fa.issued. 2d Fi. Fa. 100 acres sold to Shri-
ver by sheriff. Sheriff makes deed to
Shiver.

2d. Fi. Fa. 100 acres sold to Lamar.
In September sheriff mikes deed.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

47

Shri ers Lessee v. Lynn et al.

In 1827, Shriver, the purchaser under the two elder judgments, brought suit in the Circuit Court of the United States, he being at that time a citizen of Virginia, against David Lynn, the assignee of Elias Magruder, as already stated.
In 1836, the death of David Lynn-was suggested and his devisees became defendants.
In 1839 a vegdict was found for the plaintiff subject to the opinion of the court upon a case to be stated; upon which case, when stated, the opinion .of the court below was in favour of the defendants and judgment rendered accordingly. To review this opinion, the writ of error was sued out.
It was agreed at the trial of the cause, "cthat the court might, in deciding this case, pre'suin from the aforesaid proceedings in-Chancery, any fact which they would direct a jury to presume from said proceedings."
B. Jomson, for the plaintiff. ,Shdey, for the defendants.

The points made respectively were, for the plaintift, 1. That by the -ifl of Z. Magruder, of 26th March, 1789, Elias Magruder took a life-estate only in the land sued for, and, under the facts in the case, had no other estate to his death; and that, at his death, the land was to be sold for the benefit of the six childreh'of the testator mentioned in the devise. 2. That this being the case, the Court of Chancery of Maryjand had authority, upon the petition of four of such children, to decree a sale of the land. 3. That the court did so. decree, and 4. That the sale made under the decree to Walter Slicer, under ,,jhoin the lessor of -the plaintiff claims, lpassed to Slicer the fee, which is now.in the plaintiffs lessor. For the defendants, 1. -That finder the -devise to Elias Magruder, (in the 8fi clause of the will of Zachariah Magruder,) said Elias Magruder virtuaUy tobk, under the laws of Mar-land, anestate in fee-simple.. 2: That even if Elias Magruder, under the facts stated, took only an estate for life, yet the proceedings in Chancery were not effectual to vest in Walter Slicer (through whore the plaintiff claims) a legal title to.the parcel of lnd sought.to be recovered in this suit. '3. -That even if, upon the facts stated, said-Walter Slicer acquired

SUPREME COURT.
Shriver's Lessee v. Lynn et al.
a legal title to said land, yet the lessor of the plaintiff, upon the whole facts, does not show that such title had become vested in him at the time of the demise.
4. That even if the lessor of the plaintiff had, at the time of the demise, a legal title to undivided parts of the tract, hq could not recover at all, the demise being for an entirety.
Johnson, for plaintiff.
The first question is, what estate did Elias Magruder take under the will? We say, only an estate for life: the bther side say that it was eithe- an estate in fee, by virtue of the rile n Shelly's case, or a fee-tail, or a fee-simple conditional at common law. It is perfectly clear that if the will had sfopped at the first paragraph, the estate devised would have been only for life; the doubt is as to the second paragraph. If the contingency happened5 the estate was to beconie a fee to the devisee; if he died without children, then it was to go to the children of the testator;
Is it enlarged by the rule in Shelly's case? 1 Rep. 93 contains the rule. It was recognised as an oid one, and is, that where an estate is given for life with limitation over to heirs, it is an estate in fee, and taken by virtue of the rule. But if the contingency had happened here, the devisee wo,'d have.taken under the will an estate in fee; and the distinctioii is in his takng under the will or under the rule. Fearne, Con. Rem. 28, note; 1 Hargrave's Law Tracts, 490; 1 Preston on Estates, 263 to 419; 4 Kent, 214. Is it a conditional fee-simple ? The defendant is understood to place it in this class. But a conditional fee-simple at common law is an estate limited over to some particular heirs, in exclusion of heirs general. -Before statute of, Westminster, courts held that where the contingency happenedi the estate became absolute and could be aliened; but in no other ease ,than where heirs special are preferred to heirs general. A qualified or base fee is where a deed is made to A. and his heirs, tenants of the manor of Dale; where they hold only as long as.they are tenants. The error of the 6ther side is in not distinguishing between a feesimple conditional at common law ana an estate to arise upon condition. The difference between estates upon condition precedent and condition subsequent is, that in the former there is no estate in the party until the coniingency happens. whilst in the latter there is.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

49

Sebriver's -Lessee v. Lynn et al.

Here, the estate in fee was to arise upon the happening of a future contingency, in case Elias married and had children; otherwise he was a mere tenant for life. 2 Bla. Com. 109.
2. Was the chancery proceeding regu.lar? 1.Did the Maryland statute give jurisdiction ? 2. Was it a case oE ordinary chancery jurisdiction?
The Court of Chancery is createa by the constitution of *thestate, - and invested with all chancery powers, unless restrained by law. In-case of doubt, we look at the statute to see Whether it takes away any of the ordinary chancery powers. The act of 1785, chap. 72. is intended to enlarge jurisdiction; its title being, "cAnact to enlarge the
jmisdiction of the High Court of Chancery." The 4th section is
applicable to this case. The executrix was dead, and the authority of the executor was revoked. No regular. bill -was' necessary; a petition was sufficient. All that the chancellor had to be satisfied of, were two things: 1st, That the sale ought to be made, and 2d, That there was no person-to make it.
2. It was a case also of ordinary chancery jilrisdictioA. A trust was to be executed and therewas no trustee. The petition prayed for a sale, and the decree was that all directed by the will to be sold should be sold. The trustee, therefore, sold the whole.
Our title is good, if Slicer's was. He claims under the proceedings of a court of competent jurisdiction, whose decision must be presumed to be right. Elias must be presumed to have been deid, if it is necessary to sustain the authority of the court. It is objected also that it does not appear that the tustee ever gave a bond; but, this court must presulue that every thing Was properly done. 10 Peters, 449.
It is also objected that the power to sell was'in the- surviving executor. This couit and the Court of Appeals in Maryland have differed upon this point. 10 Peters;,533, that it survives; 4 Gill and Johnson, 323, that it does not. But the ground of the decision in Peters was, that the sale -was to be made to pay debts. In this
case there were no debts... The devisees cannot deny the validity of the chancery proceedings.

SchZey, fqr defendant. By the laws of Maryland (1789, chap. 45) estates of fee-tail general or fee-simple conditional are in fact fee-simple estated, because they ard descendible as such, (1 Harris and Gill, 111,) and are liabld -VoLH.-7E

SUPREME COURT.
Shriver's Lessee v. Lynn et a].
for the debts of the deceased. Elias took a fee-simple conditional. 2 Preston.on Estates, 289, 295, 298, 303, 304
Elias had something aste than an estate for life. 1 Brockenborough, 131 ; 2 Virgiia Rep. 11 ; 7 Harris and Johnson, 244; Fleta, lib. 3, chap. 9, page 186; Bracton, 17 ; 1 Reeves' History of English Law, 293; 2 Preston, 296; Plowden, 233, 250; 2 Lord Raymond, 779: Co. Litt. 18.
If Elias had issue, they woul.3 havetaken by descent afterhis death; he must therefore have had a,fee in himself. 1 Preston en Estates, 264; 2 Powel on Devises, 602; Willes, 3; 2 Gill and Johns. 458.
Suppose Elias had only an estate for life; how does Slicer get the residue? In 1805, Elias Magruder wa, alive, because in 1806 he sold land. The chancellor ordered the land sold free of all claims of heirs or devisees; 'butEllias was a devisee and living on the land Was his land sold"over his head? -He had not joined in the petition, or forfeited his estate. The petition, ther ffre, does not include the 100 acres, but states that the 356 acres. had iiot been sold. True, the decree covers all; but it must be limited by the petition.
The act of 1785 does not include this case, because it is confined to cases where the party neglects or refuses to act; but Elias being alive, there was no neglect to sell the 100 acres, because the time to sell had not yet come. Elias might even then be married and have children.
The power of the trustee was only that which the executor had, the proceeding being exparte. Elmas did not die until 1812, and the chanc6llor could not divest him of his rights upon apetition filed by other persons.
The bond of the trustee is a condition precedent, and he had no right to act without complying with it. The law required a bond. The case in 2 Gill and Johnson, 114, is not applicable, because no final ratification appeared there, and there was niuch evidence on the subject.
Suppose that Slicer had a gool title, did the plaintiff obtain it? 'Thetwo elder judgments were dormant for three years prior to Lamar's sale. If there is an outstanding title in Lamar, the plaintiff must fail in his ejectment; on this subject some analogous cases may be found in 12 Wheaton, 179; 4 Cond. Rep. 457, note.
In Maryland, there is no law limiting the lien of a judgment, but the judgment itself is good for twelve years. The chancellor, however, decided (2 Bland Ch. Rep. 323) that a judgment cannot lie dorifant

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

.51

Shriver's Lessee v. Lynn et al.

for ever. Some illustrative cases are .2 Harris and Johnson, 66; 8 Gill and Johnson, 38; 1 Gill and Johnson, 360.
It is settled in Maryland that there must be a scire facias where a new party is to be charged; such party must have.a day in court. 2 Harris mid Johnson, 72.; 10 Gill and Johnson, 373.
4. The demise is for an entirety. Two children did not jdin in the petition, and the record does not show that they ever received a distributive 'share of the proceeds of the second sale of 100 acres. Their title is not extinguished; and whatever may be the condition of the other four children, the plaintifT, not having acquired the title of these two, cannot succeed under his present demise.

Johnson, in reply.
It does not appear that any of the children everr objected to the proceedings of the trustee.
As to the 356 acres, it must be admitted that there was no other. mode of making a sale than under, the act of 1785 ; and there was the same necessity as to the 100 acres. The executor had not power to sell them; here 'was a case, then, where property ought- to be sold; and there was nobody to sell it. If the chancellor appoints a. trustee, he has decided that a trust exists. This court has said that the decision. of a court of competent jurisdiction, must stand; and must assume that the necessary facts were proved.
The Court of Appeals in Maryland have decided (M. S. 'Derison and Dublin) that a proceeding under the fourth section of the act of 1785 is like a suit. One person is enough to petition; others' can go in and be heard. If one were not enough to petition, the act would be of little use. The trustee was directed to - sell and convey the property," not merely the interest of the petitioners. The act was designed, for a practical purpose, to reach the -estate.
Was the trustee appointed for the 100 acres also? True, the petition speaks only of 356 acres, but it refers to the will, and states it. The
same children who were to receive the proceeds of the 356 acres,
were, by the will, also to receive the proceeds of the 100 acres. The right to the 100 acres was prospective and cpntingent; but the trustee was vested -with power to sell all, for the sake of convenience. It is objected that Elias was still alive; but the court may as well presume him to be dead, as that there was error in the decree. The
admission in 1he record is, that the court may presume any fact which

52

SUPREME COURT.

Shriver's Lessee v. Lynn et al.

they would instruct a jury to presume. If, therefore, they wofild instruct a jury to presume the death of Elias, it can presume it too. The trustee first reported that hehad not sold the 100 acres, and afterwards reported specially that he had. The court, by ratifying this last report, have made it conclusive that they considered the trustee to have been authorized.
This party cannot object to these proceedings; if any persons could, it would be the children who did not join, but te court would not now tolerate an ejectmerit, if brought by.them.
The bond is not ntcessary to give the chancellor jurisdiction, but
to secure the parties; its omission is a mere irregularity, and not to be brought into view upon a collateral matter. Besides,'it must be presumed to have been given. In 2 Gill and Johnson, 114, a ratification was presumed, page 130.
It is said that we do not show a title to the whole. But the two children who did not petition received their share of the proceeds; and by that act made themselves parties.. They are estopped. The decree gave authority to sell the whole land, and the whole title was conveyed to us.
The Courtof Appeals did say once, that a plaintiffcould not recover an undivided part, claiming title to the wh6le. The act of 1832 corrected this. This art has been repealed in part, but not in this.
As to an outstanding title in Lamar:-Until the chancellor said otherwise, the profession had no doubt of the propriety of the lien of an elder judgment. Before the act of 1823, execution had to be issued withiii a year and a day. Now three years are allowed. Alljudicial liens must be noticed by all. A purchaser under a junior judgment must be presumed to have notice of the first. The chancellor says that the object of requiring a prompt issue is to protect purchasers; but they are already protected by the records.
What estate did Elias take ? It is true that an estate-tail general or fee-simple conditional is, by the laws of Maryland, synonymous with a fee-simple. But a feesimple conditional is where the limitation is to heirs special, to the exclusion of heirs general. 2 Bla. Com. 110. There is no such special limitation in this will. No estate of inheritance passed i on the death of the testator. 2 Bla. Com. 151, 154, defines an estate upon condition. If a fee passed upon the death of the testator, it was hot by virtue

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

53

Shriver's Lessee v. Lynn et al.

of the will. Aules giving a different direction to an estate from that pointed out in the wfi are not applied except from necessity. The devise to the children. is a good executory devise, to take effect unless a contingency happened. The object of the testator was to benefit his children; but the argumeni of the other side would defeat that intention.

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This case comes up on.a writ of error to the Circuit Court for the, district of Maryland. An action of ejectment was commenced by the lessor of the plaintiff, to recover the possesson of 100 acres of land, part of a tract called George's Adventure, situated near the town of Cumberland. In the Circuit Court a verdict was found for the plaintiff, subject to the -opinion of the court upon a cause stated. A. judgment was entered for the defendant; and the cause is now before us, on the facts agreed.
By his last will and testament; Zachariah Magruder,- a citizen of Maryland, among other things devised to his wife Sarah, -c the full use of his dwelling-plantation, containing in the whole, after a certain legacy was deducted, about 356 acres, called Georgels Adventure, in Washingtqn county; to be by her peaceably and quiqly possessed and enjoyed without molestation, during her natural life."
The will also contained the following, cc I give and bequeath unto my brother, Elias Magruder, during his natural life, 100 acres of land, being part of a tract of land called George's Adventure, lying and being in Washington county, and state aforesaid; to be laid off at the upper 'endof the tract aforesaid, so as to include the plantation
on -which he now lives. In case the said Elias Magrider should have heirs lawfully begotten of him inwedlock, I then give andbequeath the 100 acres of laud aforesaid to him, the said Elias Magruder, his heirs aild assigns, for ever; but should he, the said Elis Magruder, die without an heir so begotten, I give; bequeath, devise, and desire, that the 100 acres of land aforesaid be sold to the highest bidder, and the money arising from the sale thereof to be equally divided among my six following children, to wit: Samuel," &c- The testator having died, proof was made of his will, and letters testamentary were granted, the 3d of May, 1796, to Sarah Magruder his wife and his son Nathaniel B. Magrader, named as executrix and executor in the will.
After the decease of the testator, Elias Magruder took possession
E 2

54

SUPREME COURT.

Shriver's Lessee v. Lynx, et al.

of the 100 acres of land devised to him, and being so in possession he conveyed the tract to David Lynn, who devised the same to the present defendant.
On the 30th of December, 1805, Samuel B. Magruder and three other, brothers, sons of Zachariah Magruder, filed .their petition to the chancellor of Maryland, representing that their father after making particular dispositions of property, devised that the remaining part of'his land, called George's Advefiture, being about 356 acres, should be sold to the highest bidder, by and at the discretion of his executrix and executor, and the money equally divided amongst his six children, including the petitioners."
The petitioners stated that the executrix was deceased, and that 'Nathaniel B. Magruder, being insolvent, at the instance of his sure*ties, his power as executor had been revoked by the Orphan's Court. And the petitioners prayed that a trustee might be appointed c;to sell all the property devised to be sold by the will, and such other and further relief," &c. The. will was filed. as an exhibit.
On the day of filing the petition, the chancellor decreed, " that the real estate in the said will directed to be sold shall be sold; that Roger Perry be appointed trustee, who. shall give bond in $2000, conditioned for ;the faithful performance of the trust reposed in him by the decree, or to be reposed in him by any future decree or order in the premises,'and that he shall proceed to sell," &c.
Afterwards on the 22d of May, 1806, the trustee reported that he "had sold the real estate in the said will and decree mentioned," Sand had made distribution, &c; At the close of his report he says, - the 100 acres, part of the said tract devised to be sold in case Elias Magruder should die without heirs, as expressed in the will;, still remains urisold." The sale was ratified by the chancellor.
And afterwards, on the 9th of June,. 1812, the trustee made a second report, that he "chad sold the remaining part of the real estate of Zachariah Magruder, deceased, consistiDg of 100 acres of land," &c. This sale was also ratified by the chancellor, and a deed was executed to Walter Slicer, the purchaser. In the year 18i8, a judgment was obtained against Walter Slicer, and two others in the year 1819. On one of the junior judgments execution was issued, under which the land in question was sold to Lamar. On the other junior judgment, obtained at the same term, an execution wtis issued, and the same tract was sold, after the above sale, to David Shriver, jr.,

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

5

Shriver's Lessee v. Lynn et al.

the lessor of the plaintiff. He also purchased, subsequently, the same imet, under the prior judgment.
The first question for consideration arises out of the devise, in the will, to Elias Magruder. Did he take a life-estate, only, or a feesimple? That he took an estate in fee-simple conditional in the 100. acres, is urged by the defendants' counsel.. And a statute of Maryland of 1786, entitled can act to direct descents," 2 Ketty's Laws,. chap. 45, which provides that lands held " in fee-simple or fee-simple conditional, or in fee-tail to the heirs of the body generaly," shall descend in the same manner, is relied on as giving a fee-simple to the devisee. Under this, statute, itm"ust be admitted, whether the estate vested be technically considered a fee-tail general or a conditional fee-simple, in effect, it is a fee-simple.
In 1 Inst.20 s. it is said that ccall limitations confined to the heirs of the body, either by direct or circuitous expression, and which are not estates-tail under the statute de donis, remaii conditional.or qualified fees at the common law. A gift of land to a man and his heirs generally, if he shall have heirs of his body, without any other expression to qualify he .word heirs of his body, is a conditional fee. Fleta, b. 3, c. 9, 136. - And in Plow, 233-, it is said, c and the Lord Dyer in his argument took exception to the ratification, for that it confesses the estate-tail in King Henry VII., and then says, that he having issue, Prince Arthur, entered and was seised in fee.; whereas, he said, the-having issue did not make him to have the fee, for the fee e"her accrued to him by the remainder or never." The same doctrine is found in page 250; Machell v. Clarke, 2 Lord Raym. 778. By the statute de donis, :Westi. 2, 13 Ed. 1, a fee-simple conditional estate at common law, in certain cases, was. converted into a fee-tail which, by alienation;the ancestor could not change.
The estate under consideration, it is insisted, is a conditional feesimple; or in other words that the fee vested is liable to be.defeated on the fiilure of heirs as provided in the will. On the other b'idit.e is argded, that the condition was a precedent one, which must happen before the fee vested. The doctrine above cited seems to favour the first of these positions, as does also the rule in Shelly's case. By that rule, -"inany instrument; if a freehold be limited to the ancestor for life, and the inheritance tohris heirs, either mediately or immediately, the first,taker takes the whole estate." This rule had its origin in feudal times, and was, perhaps, in no small degree influenced by eonsiderations which have long since ceased to exist.

56

SUPREME COURT.'

Shrivers. Lessee v. Lynn et al.

The ule, Mr. Preston says, :1 Pres. on Estates, 369, " is of positive institution, and has .this circumstance of peculiarity and variance from rules of construction." "Istead of seeking the intention of the parties and aiming at its accomplishment, it interferes in some, at feast, if' not in all cases, with the presumable, and in many instances, he express intention." cc In its very object, the rule was levelled against the views of the parties."
That .tlis effect has been given to the. rule by some adjudications is admitted. But there is a rule of construction applicable to all insuruments, and especially: to wills, that, is, the intention, of the parties, which should control any arbitrary rule however ancieht may be its origin. And of this bpinion was Lord Mansfield, in Perrin v. Blake,'4 Burr. 257.9. He says, "cthe rule is not a general proposition, subject to n6 control; where the intention is on the other side, and where objections maybe answered." . And he agreed, as Mr. Preston remarls, with Justices Wilmot and Aston. that "the iitention i&to govern, and that Shelly's case "does not eonstitute a 'decisive uncontrollable rule." Mr. Justice Buller, in the case of Hodgion and'wife v. Ambrose,.Doug. 337, was of the same opinion, and also Lord Hardwicke. in Bagshew and Spencer, 2 Atk. 583. Where technical words are used in a deed of conveyance, the legal import of 4uch Words must govern. But tbre is no rule better established, than that in giving a construction to a will, the intention of the testator must prevail. His"expressed intention constitutes the law, unless it shall c6nflict with some, established legal principle. Under this rule th. nature and extent of the estate devised to Elias Magruder. must depend upon the words of the will
In the first clause of the devise a life- state is clearly given to him. ,I give and beqlueath unto my brother, Elias Magruder, during his natural life, 100 acres of land," &c'. The second clause of.the-devise is equally explicit. -In case the said Elias Magruder-should have heirs lawfully begotten of him in wedlock, I then give and bequeath' the 100 acres of land aforesaid, to hini, his heirs and assigns, for ever." Now the condition of having heirs as above expressed, is clearly a precedent, condition and: must happen before the istate vests. - And -if any doubt could arise from the above sentences whether the testator intended to-vest in. Elias more than a life-esiate, that doubt must
be dispelled by the succeeding sentence, ".but, should he, the said ',lias M.agruder, die without an er so begotten, I give; b-jueath,

devise, and desire that the 106 acres.of land, aforesaid, be sold to

JANUARY TEoRM, 1844.

57

Shrivdr'si Lessee v. Lynn et al.

the-highest bidder, and-the money-arising from the sale thereof, to be 'equally divided among my six children."
It would be difficult to convey in' more explicit language, than'is done in'the above sentences, the intention of the testator. He gives a life-estate; and then, on the happening of the contingency named, he gives an estate to the devisee and his heirs hi fie-simple; but, should the contingendy not -happen, he directs the .land to. be sold and-the proceedi distributed among his children. No other coficlusion can be arrived at, on this view of the will, than.that Elias Magruder took only a life-estate in the land. His conveyance, there'
fore, could transfer no interest in the land, beyond his own life. The next question regards the title under-the proceedings before
the chancellor. These'proceedings were by virtue of cc an act of 1785, for~enlarg-
ing the power 'of the High Court of Chan~ery." 1 MaxeyI'Laws,. ch.- 72, sect. .4, which provides, "cthat if any person hath died or shall die, leaving T'e.l or personal estate to be-sold for the 'paymenrt of debts, or other purposes, and shall not, by will or other instrument. in' writing, appoint a person or persons to 'ell or -convey. the same, property, or if the person or persons appointed for the purpose aforesaid 'shall neglect, or refuse to execute such trust, or if. guch. person or persons, or any of them, shall-die before tho "executionofsuch trust, so that the sale cannot be made for the purposes intehded, in every such case the chancellor shall have full powerand adthorify, upon application or petition from. any person or persons interested inthe sale of such propetty, to appoint, such trustee or trustees'for the purpose of selling and. conveying such property, and applying the money arising from the sale to the purposes intended; a'the chancellor shall in his discretion think -proper."
An objection. is made to these' proceedings, in liihne, on the ground that only a part of the heirs interested; united in the application to th'e. chancellor, But this objection is not'-sustainable.. The petition was for the benefit of all the heirs, and the statute does not require that all shall unite in the p'etitiori: cc Any person or.persons interested" may apply to the chancellor. Whether applicantor not, all the heirs equally participated in the results of the proceedings, and this is a sufficient answer. to any 'technical objection. ' But the main point under this head is, whether.the sale of the 100 acres now in controversy was of any validity. -
That the proceedings before the chancellor 'constitied a suit is VOL.. I.-8

58

SUPREME COURT.

Shriver's Lessee v. Lynn et al.

admitted; .and also that they are conformably, at least in part, to the mode of procedure in such cases. The chancellor hacl jurisdiction of the cause, as presented by the' petition; and this being the case, no advantage can be taken of errors, however gross, -whenthe record is used collaterally. If a -wantof jurisdiction appear on the face of the record, the judgment or decree will be treated as a nullity. But -where there was jurisdiction, the record must be received as conchsi re of the rights adjudicated. No fact established by the judgment of the court can be controverted. In the language of this court, in the.case of Voorhees v. The Bank of the United.States, 10 Peters; 450, the record imports absolute verity. But when a judgment or decree is given in evidence, its nature and effect can only be ascertained by an examination of the ;ecord. Let.this test be 1pplied to the proceedings. of the chancery court under consideration..
It is admitted, and the fact appears from the tecord, that at the time these proceedings were 'instituted, Elias Magruder was living and continued to live for seven years afterwards. And ashe had alife estate in the premises in controversy, and the contingency on which the estate was to vest in his heirs, being possible, during his life, the land was not subject to. sale under the will. It could only be sold on the devisee's failure to have heirsm, which could not occur before his decease.
The petition' asks an order to sell the remaining part of the tract called George's Adventure,'a part of it ha6ving been devised, containing about 356 acres. The sale of the 100 acres, now in contest, was not asked and indeed could not be,'as the tract at that time was not liable to be sold. The decree ordered, " that the real estate in the said will dir&ted to be sold should be sold." Now this decree -could only apply to the 356 acres named in the~petition, for the reason" that the sale of that tract only was prayed: for, and it was e only tract, at that time, which the will authorized to be sold. Inthe language of the. decree, it was the real estate directed 'by the will to be sold.
To construe the decree as embracing the 100 acres tract, would go beyond the prayer 6f the petition and the jurisdiction of the court. One of the trustees named in the will was deceased, and the other, being insolvent,, hgad been removed by the Orphan's Court. The substitution of a new trustee gave to .him no power beyond the slpecial order of the court. Under the statute it seems not to have

JANI UARY TERM,, 1844.

-59

Shriver's Lessee v, Lyun et al.

been the practice -ofthe court to appoint a trustee generally, to carry into effect the will: but to point out,-by a specific decree, what he shall do and the mode of doing it. His duties being limited by the decree, he is made the instrument of the court, having no discretion or power under the will.. Consequently, in his decree'the chancellor required the trustee to give security, and directed him what notice should be given, and' in what manner the sale should be made. This mode of executing the act was clearly'within the discretion of the chancellor, specially given to him in -the close of 'the above section.. The rule was made 'and ratified by the chancellor. A deed was executed by the trustee to the purchaser, and nothing further was done until in June, 1812, when he trustee made a second report, that in pursuance of the above decree, after giving public notice, cche had sold to Walter Slicer, the remaining part bf the real estate of Zachariah Magruder, deceased, consisting of the 100 acres devised to Elias Magruder."
Now it is clear that this sale was' not made in pursuance 'of- the decree. ' Neither in the petition nor in the decree was the tract of 100 acres named or referred to. This proceeding then, by the
trustee, was without authority. rt could derive' no sanction from
the'decree. From the record, itwould seem that there had been no continuance of the cause for sx years, and no' step taken in it. The second' report is then made by the trustee as stated. This report was ratified and confirmed ccunless by a giveh day cause to the contrary should be shown," of which public notice was given. No cause being shown, there was a final- ratification 6f the sale on the 22d 'of February, 1813. A the time of this sale it is admitted that Elias Magruder was deceased, without heirs, in the language of the will, clawfully begotten of him in wedlock." And here a question arises whether the above sale can be treated as a nullity.
That the trustee was not auth6rized to sell by the decree has already been shown. It would seem, however, from the form -of his report, thathe assumed to act only in virtue of the decree.
Does the ratification of the sale bring it within the rule, which applies to a case where the court has jurisdiction, but has committed' errors in its proceedings. Had the court jurisdieion'of the tract of land in controversy. At the time the decree was entered, that tract was no more subject to the power of the court than every other tract in the county. The devisee was in possession, having a life-estate in it subject to become a fee-simple on his having heirs lawfully

60

SUPREME COURT.

Shriver's-Lessee v. Lynn et a].

'begotten by him.. : He had no notice of the proceeding, and was in .no sense a pa y to it. The petition did not pray for the sale of this
land- In fact that proceeding can, in no point, of view, be considered as "authorizing the-sale: by the trustee. The validity of the sale then must rest upoh the, fact of its having lieen made by the trustee, and sanctioned by the"chihcelloi. · There would seem to ]be nb ground for doubt on this point.
.Thechancellor is authorized to proceed-ih a summary mode, under the statute, for the sale of land, in the predicament of the above tract, after the decease of the devisee, withoit heirs. But he can only proceed on te application ofpers6ns interested. Here was no-such "application for tle sale of this land. The sale bein'g with6ut authority,. the ratification of it bf-the cotrt must be-considered as having ben.given inadvertently. -If given deliberately and on a full examination-of all the facts, still it must be regarded as an unauthorized proceeding. There was mo case befo-e the court-nothing on which its judgment could rest.
No court, howeve great may be its dignity, can arrogate to itself the power of disposing'of real estate without the forms of law. It must obtain jurisdiction of the thing in a legal mode: A decree without notice, would be treated as. a nullity. And so must a sale of land be treated,-which has been made witbout an order or decree -ofthe court, though it may have ratified the sale. The statute under which the proceeding -was had requires a decr ;' at least such has been it uniform construction.,
This view being decisive of the title of the lessor of the plaintiff, it is not necessary to coisider the other questiolis in the- case.
The judgment'of the Circuit Court is affirmed.

ORDER.
"This cause came on to be heard on the-transcript of-the record from the Circuit Cour of-the United States for the district of MIaryland, and was argued by counsel. 'On consideration whereof, It is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this' cause:be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

76

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

in the hands of the aforesaid marshal for servie and satisfaction thereof: Onr consideration whereof, it'is now here -ordered by this court that a writ of supersedeasbe, and the same is hereby awarded to.be directed *tothe aforesaid marshal; commanding and enjoining hin and his deputies, to stay every and all proceedings upon the said writ of fierzfacias, and that he returnthe said execution with the writ of supersedeasto the said Circuit Court, and that the judges of the said Circuit Court do cause the said writ of execution to be quashed,. the same having been unjustly, improvidently, and errone*ously issued out of the said court, at the instance of the said plaintiff. You, therefore, the marshal of the United States for the western district of Pennsylvania, are hereby commanded that, from every and all proceedings on.the said feri facias or in any -wise molesting the said defendants on the account aforesaid, you entirely surcease, as being superseded, and that you do forthwith return the said fieri faios, together with this supersedecs to the said Circuit Court, as you will answer the'contrary at your peril. And ydu the judges of the said Circuit Court are hereby commanded that such futher proceedings be had in the premises, in conformity to ihe order of this court, and as according to right and justice, and the laws of the United States ought to 'be had, the said execution notwithstanding.
WITNESS the Honourable Roger B. Taney, Chief Justice of the said Supreme Court, the 13th day of March, in the year of
our Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty-four. WM. Taos. CARROLL,
Clerk of the Supreme Court of the United States.

W"uLi& "KiNNEzyAND JAMES J. MECHIE, EXECUTORS AND TRusJTEEE OF ROBERT PORTERPFIELD, DECEASED, V. .MERIWETHER L. CLARK, WILLIAM P. CLARK, GEORGE R. H. CLARK, ANP JEFFERSON R. CLARK, A MINOR BY THE AFORESAID GEORGE , I; CLARK HIS GUARDIAN, HEIRS AND DEVISEES OF WILLIAM CLARK, DECEASED, AND ROBERT 0., ANN C.,- GEORGE W., AND FRANCES JANE WOOLFOLK, HEIRS OF GEORGE WOOLFOLK, DECEASED, AND OTHERS.
An act of the legislature of Virginia, passed in May, 1779, "establishing a landoffice, and, ascertaining the tetms and manner of granting waste and'unap. propriated lands," contained, amongst other exceptions, the 'following, viz.:

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

77

Porterfield v. Clark.

no entry or location of land shall be admitted within the country and limits of the Cherokee Indians. The tradt of country lying on the west of the Tennessee river, was not then the country of the Cherokee Indians, and, of course, not within the exception. A title may be tried in Virginia, Kentucky, and Tennessee, as effectually upon a caveatas in any other mode; and the parties, as also those claiming under them, are estopped by the decision. The boundaries of the Cherokees, as fixed by treaties, historically examined, and alsu the nature, limits, and effect of the grant to,Henderson and Company. Whatever lands in Virginia were not within the exceptions of the act of 1779, . were subject to appropriation by Txeasury warrants.
'As the rule is settled, that the decisions of state courts, construing state laws, are to be adopted by this court, and as the courts of Kentucky have decided that an entry was required to give title on a military warrant, in'the military district, this court decides that the legislative grant of Virginia to her officers and soldiers, would not, of itself,preient the statute of limitations ofKentuckk from attaching.
The Kentucky act of 1809, applied to the Chickasaw country on the west of the Tennessee river, as far as treaties would permit; and upon the extinguishment of the Indian title, this act, together with all the other laws, was extended over the country.

Tins case was brought up by appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Kentucky, sitting as a court of equity and arose upon the following state of fact"
On the 191h December, .1778;the General As~embly of Virginia passed a joint resolution, declaring that a certain tract of country, to be bounded by the Green river and a south-east course from the head thereof to the Cumberland mountains, with the said mountains to the Carolina line, with the Carolina line to the Cherokee or Tennessee river, -withthe said river to the Ohio, and -ith the Ohio to Green
river, ought to be reserved for supplying the officers and. soldiers of the Virginia line with the respective proportions of land, which have been or may be assigned to them by the General Assembly, sving
and reserving the land granted to Richard Henderson and Company,
and their legal rights to such persons as have heretofore actually located lands and settled thereon, within the bounds aforesaid.
In May, 1779, every purchase of lands, theretofore made by or on behalf of the crown of Great Britain, from any nation of Ifidians
within the limits of Virginia, -was declared to enure. to the benefit of that commonwealth, and all sales and deeds made by any Indian,
or nation of Indians, to or for the separate use of any person or per-
sons, were pronounced void.

SUPREME COURT.
Porterfield v. Clark.
In May, 1779, also, an act was pass d by the General Assembly " for establishing a land-office, and asoerfaining the terms and manner of granting waste and unappropriated lands." This act contained, amongst other things, the following rdstrictions :-" No entry, or location of land shall be admitted within the country and limits of the Cherokee Indians, or on the north-west side of the Ohio river, or on the lands reserved by act of Assembly for anyparticular nation or tribe of Indians, or.on the lands granted by law to Richard Henderson and Company, or'in that tract of country reserved by resolution of the General Assembly for the benefit of the troops serving in the present war, and bounded by the Green-river and sduth-east course frorii the head thereof to the Cumberland mountains, with the said mountains to the Carolina line, with the Carolina line to the Cherokee or Tennessee river, with the said river to the Ohio river, and with the Ohio to the said Green river, until the further order of the General Assembly."-
In October, 1779, an act was passed "for more effectually securing to the officers and soldiers of the Virginia line, the lands reserved to them," &d.
The first section imposed a heavy penalty on settlers who should not evacuate the reserved lands.
The second ascertained the proportions or quantity of land to be granted, at the end. of the war, to the officers of the Virginia line,. on continental or state establishment, or to the officers of the navy; and it was also provided that where any officer, soldier, or sailor, shall have fallen or died in the -service, his heirs or legal representatives shall be entitled to; and receive, the same quantity of land as would have been due to such officer, soldier, or sailor, respectively, had he been living.
On the 18th of May, 1780, Colonel George Rogers Clark, (under whom the defendants claim,) upon sundry Treasury warrants, made with the surveyor several entries of land, inall amounting to .74,962 acres, lying in the then state of Virginia, below the Tennessee river; and afterwards, said Clark, in like manner, on the 26th October, 1780, amended his said entries, "to begin on the'Ohio at the mouth of the Tennessee river, running down the Ohio, bounded bythe drowned lands of the said rive and waters of the Mississippi, for the quantity of 7496.2 acres, in one or more surveys.
In October, 1780, an act passed " for making good the future pay of the army."

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

79

Porterfield v. Clark.

It allowed a major-general 15,000 acres of land, and a brigadiergeneral 10,000.
It entitled the legal representative of any officer who may have lied in the service before the bounty of lands granted by that or any former law, to deinand and receive the same in like manner as the officer himself might have done. And as a testimony of the high sense the General Assembly of Virginia entertained of the important services rendered the United States by Major-General Baron Steuben, it was further enacted that 15,000 acres of land be granted to the said Major-General Baron Steuben, in like manner as is herein-before granted to other major-generals.
In November, 1781, an act passed ccto adjust and regulate .the pay and accounts of the officers and soldiers of the Virginia line,?' &c.
The eighth section declared " That whereas a considerable part of the tract of country allotted for the officers and soldiers by an act of Assembly, entitled cAn act for establishing a land-office,' &c., bath, upon the extension of the boundary line between this state and North Carolina, fallen into that state, and the intentions of the said act are so far frustrated, Be it therefore enacted, That 'all that tract of land included within the rivers Mikssippi, Ohio, and Tennessee, and the Carolina boundary line, shall be and the same is hereby substituted in lieu of the lbnds so fallen into the said state of North Carolina, to be in the same mhanner, subject to be claimed by the said officers and soldiers."
The ninth section required the governor, as soon as the circumstances of affairs -would admit, to appoint surveyors for the purpose of surveying and apportioning the lands theretofore reserved to the officers and soldiers agreeably to their ranks, in such manner and in such proportions as were allowed by act of Assembly as a bounty for military services.
The officers were authorized to depute and. appoint as many of their number as they might think proper, to superintend the laying off the lands, with power to choose the best of the same thus to be allotted, and point out the same to the surveyors who were reqvired to make the surveys, and be subject to the orders of the superintendents throughout the survey.
After the survey, the portions of each rank were to be numbered, and the officers and soldiers were to proceed to draw lots according to
their respective ranks, and to locate as soon-as they thought proper. The twelfth section provided ccThat the bounties of land given

80

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

to the officers and soldiers of the Virginia line in continental service, and the regulations for the surveying and appropriating the same, shall be extended to the state officers.
In May, 1782, an act. was passed, entitled "An act for providing
more effectual funds for the redemption of certificates granted the officers and soldiers raised by this state."
The seventh'sedtion provided that, "Whereas it is'necessary thaE the number of claims to any part of the lands appropriated for the benefit of the said officers and soldiers should be speedily ascertained; Be it therefore enacted, That all persons having claims as aforesaid, be required, and they are hereby directed, to transmit authenticated vouchers of the same to the war-office, on or before the first bf January next," nd those without the state were required to do the same- on or before the first of June.
The eighth section directed the register of the land-office to grant, to the officers and soldiers, warrants for the lands allotted them, upon
producing a certificate of their respective claims from the cnmmissioner of war.
The ninth section enacted " That any officer or soldier who hath not been cashiered or suiierseded, and who hath served the term of three years successively, shall have an absolhte and unconditional title to his respective apportionment of the land appropriated as
aforesaid." The tenth' section contained this proviso, cc Provided always, and
it is hereby enacted, that nio surveyor shall be permitted to receive' any locati9n upon any warrant for-lands within the country reserved for the officers and soldiers, until the apportionment and draft for the same, as directed by the act entitled "cAn act to adjust and regulate the pay -ana accounts of the officers and soldiers of the Virginia line."-
On the 18th of December, 1782, a warrant wa issued to Robert Porterfield, (the. complainant,) as the heir of Colonel Charles Porterfield, deceasdd, for 6000 acres of land; and on the 13th of June, 1783, a warrant was issued to Thomas Quarles for 2666- acres, which warrant -was afterwards assigned to Porterfield, the complainant.
In October, 1783, an act was passed, entitled "An act for surveying the lands given by law to the officers and soldiers of continental and state establishments," &c.
For the better locating and surveying the lands, given by law to

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

81

Porterfiel4 v. Clark.

the oficers and soldiers on state and continental establishments, -it enacted that it should be lawful for the deputation of officers, con-' sisting of Major-General Peter Muhlenberg and others, who are enumerated, to appoint superintendents on behalf of the respective lines, or jointly, for the purpose of regulating the surveying of the lands appropriated by law as bounties for the said officers and soldiers. That the deputations should have power to appoint tWo principal surveyor; that the holders df land-wanants for military bounties, given by law as aforesaid, should, on or before the 15th of March thereafter, deliver the same to the principal surveyors, &c.
The second section declared that priority of location should be by lot, under the direction and management of the principal surveyors and. superintendents. .That the warrants delivered to the principal surveyors before the 10th of March, should be surveyed first, and those subsequently delivered, in the order of priority.
The third section required the location and surveys to be made under the direction of the superintendents.
The fourth -section directed where, and how, the lands were to be surveyed. iTaose lying on the Cumberland and Tennessee were to be surveyed first; and afterwards those on the north-west side of the Ohio river, until the deficiency of all military bounties, in 1ands, should be fully and amply made up. " Whatever lands may happen to be left," the act declares, " within the tract of country reserved for the army, on this side the Ohio and Mississippi, shall be saved, subject to the order and particular disposition of the legislature of this state." And the governor was required to furnish the superintendents with such military aid as he-might judge "necessary to carry the act into effect., The aid wan to be oidered from the Xentucky country, and was not to exceed a hundred mei.
In the spring of 1784, the superintendents repaired to Keitucky. They found the codntry below the Tennessee in possession of the savages, who threatened resistance. The aid expected from Kentucky was not furnished. The attempt to enter and survey the lands was, consequently, abortive. But the siiperintendents proceeded o determine the priority of locations by lot; and entries were made on the books of the surveyors, to the extent of some two or three hundred thousand acres.
Porterfield's entries were of the number. Thy were made under the authority of the two warrants which have been already stated.
In-June, 1784, two surveys were made for Clark by the surveyor
VOL. H.-1

82

SUPREME COUR'T.

Porterfield v. Clark.

of Lincoln county, under the authority of the warrants already stated as land-office Treasury warrants. One. of these surveys was for 36,962, acres, and the other for 37,000 acres.
In August, 1784, Porterfield made his entries. Caveats were entered against the surveys of Clark, which prevented patents from being issued. These were eitered in the District Court of the then District of Kentucky,' by the, superintendents of the -Virginia state line, and were not disposed of until after the separation of Kentucky from Virginia. In October, 1784, the legislature of Virginia interposed to prevent the.military claimants from taking possession of the lands. The preamble to the act stated, " that it had been represented to the pre.sent General Assembly thai the taking possession of, or surveying the lands in the western territories of this. state, wh.ich have been granted by law as bounties to the -officers and soldiers of the Virginia line, will produce great disturbances ;"1 and the governor, with the .advice of council, was authorized: to suspend, for such time as he may think the tranquillity of the government may require, the surveying or taking possession of those lands that lie on the north-west side of the river Ohio or below the mduth of the river Tennessee, aiid which have been reserved, &c. On the 6th of January, 1785, Governor Henry accordingly issued his proclamation to the effect authorized by this act. In November, 1785, and January, 1786, three treaties were made .with the Indians at Hopewell, by commissioners on the part of the United States; the first,'in November,'.with the Cherokees, and the -other two in the following January, with the Choctaws and Chickasaws. That with the Choctaws bears date on the 3d, and that 'with the Chickasaws on the 10th of January, 1786. By the treaty with the Cherokees the boundary was established as follows. Beginning at the mouth of Duck river, on the Tennessee; thence running northeast to the ridge-dividing the waters running into Cumberland from those running into the Tennessee; thence eastwardly along the said ridge to a north-east line to be run which shall strike the river Cumberland forty miles above Nashville; thence along the said line to the river; thence up the said river to the ford where the Kentucky road crosses the river, thence to Campbell's line, near Cumberland gap, &c., &c., &c. The treaty with the Chickasaws established the following boundary: Beginning on the ridge that divides the waters running into the Cumberland from those rnnming into the Tennessee,

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

83

Porterfield- v. -Clark.

at a point in a line to be run north-east'which shall strike the Tennessee at the mouth of Duck river; then6e running westerly along thd said'ridge till it shall strike the Ohio; t ence down the southern bank thereof to the Mississippi; thence down the same to the.Choctaw line of Natchez district; thence, along the said line, or the line of the district, eastwafdly, as. far, as the'Chickasaws. claimed, and lived, and -hunted on, the twenty-.ninth of November,. one thousand sevn hundred and eighty-twQ..."
The fourth ixticle of the treaty. with the Chickasaws was as follows:. ccIf any citizen of the United States, or other person, not being an Indian, shall attempt to settle on any of the lands hereby allotted to the Chickasaws to lve'and hunt on, such persons shall forfeit the prote.tion of the Uiited States of Ainerica; and the Chickasaws may punish.him or not, as.they please."
In 1793, ihe cav'eat which had been filed aggainst Clark by the superintendents of the Virginia state line, was dismissed, in Kentucky, pursuant to the opinion of the Court of Appeals of Virginia, given in 1791.
In 1794, the General Assembly'of Kentucky passed an act requiring the register of the land-office to 'receive, and issue 'rants on, all certificates 6f survey which were in the register's office of Virginia at the time when the separation took place, -and pn which grants had not issued.
On the 15th of September, 1795, grants were issued by Kentucky to Clark for the 73,962 acres.
In 1809, the legislature of K~ntucky passed an act, the second section of -which declares, " That n 6 action at law, bill in equity, or other process, shall be commenced or sued out by any person or persoh.s claiming under, or by, an adverse interfering entry, survey, or patent, whereby to' recover the title or possession of such land from him or her who shall hereafter settle onqland to which he or she shall, at the time of *such settlement made, have a con-mected' title in law or equity, deducible of record from the commonwealth; and when such settler shall have acquired such title or claim after the time of settlement made, the limitation shall begin to run only from the time of acquiring such title or claim,,but within seven years -next after such settlement made, &c.
In October, 1818, a treaty was made between -the United Stat~s
and the Chickasaws, by which the Chickasaws ceded to the United. States all the land between the Tennessee; Ohio, ana Mississippi.

SUPREME COUIT.
Porterfield v. Clark.
rivers and a line therein described on the south, which cession included the lands in controversy.
On the 22d of December, 1818, the legislature of Kentucky pasted an act prohibiting any entry or survey from being made icon any portion ofthe land lying within tile late Chickasaw Indian boundary."
In July, 1819, William Clark, the assignee of George Rogers Clark, the pateritee, took lossession of the land and placed tenants upon it.
On the 14th February, 1820; the legislature of Kentucky passed an act providing for the*appointment of a superintendent to survey the lands west of the Tenessee river.
On the 26th of December, 1820, the military surveyor was permittd -to survey the entries that had been made prior to the year 1792, when Kentucky became an independent state.. Porterfield's surveys were commenced and continued froni time to time until 1824 and 1826. Five surveys were made at different times during 11 s period, and five patents were issued in donformity with them, which bear date in the last-mentioned years. ' In May, 1824, Porterfield took possession, by hL tenants, of several of the tracts patented to him, and leased them for five years. "
In Octoberj 1825, these tenants were turned out of possession by writs of forcible entry and.detainer.
Some con.veyances and legal proceedings occurred, during the period of which wd have spoken; but, as they have no bearing upon the questions before th couft in the present case, they have not been mentioned in the statement.
In July; 1836, Porterfield filed his bill in the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Kentucky, sitting as a court of equity, which, together with two amended bills and a bill of revivor, after having brought into court various parfies who were supposed to have an interest in the matter, preshnted the following'dlaim, charges, and prayer.
The bill, after settingforth the title of the complainant, as founded
.upon the patents of 1824, 1825, and 1826, and alleging that the possession of the country by the Indians was the cause of the delay .between the entries and-sirveys, charged that the defendant., Clark, had no .right to make an entry or location on any lands west-of the ,Tennessee river, or on te lands-included between the rivers Ohio, Tennessee and Mississippi, and the North Carolina line,'on .land-oice Treasury-warrant certificates ; that, 1y law, he, Clark, was expressly

JANUARY-TERM, 1844.

85

Porterfield v. Clar'k.

prohibited-from making the said-entry or location on land within the country and lHifiits of the Cherokee Indians, or the lands reserved by the Virginia Assembly for any particular nation or tribe of indians, or in that tract of country reserved by resolution of the Gefieral Assembly of the state of Virginia for the benefit of the troops serving in the then existing war.between Great Britain and .the United States of America. The bill avers that the entry of George Rogers Claik was made on lahds reserved by resolution of the Assembly of Virginia for the troops then in the serviCe of the United States; that it was made on lands reserved by law for the Indian tribes, and upon lands within the country and limits of the Cherokee Indians, The bill further charges that the said warrants were, by law, prohibitpd from being located on'any lants6 that were not waste and unappropriated; that, at the time of the-entries, the Indian title to said lands west of the Tennessee river and' included within the, rivers Ohio, Mississippi, Tennessee, and the North Carolina boundary-line, was not- extinguished.. The bill further charges that the entry of Clark is not precise and special, but ague, uncertain, and void; because it called to begin on the Ohio at -the mouth of the Tennessee river, running down the Ohio, bounded'by tliedrowned lands of said river and waters of the Missiisippi for the qantity of 74,962 acres in one or more, surveys; and moreover that -the person who in fact made such survey was not. an authorized and legally appointed .surveyor. It then charges -thatthe titles of Clark, and all who claim under him, are void, and prays- for a decree compelling them to 'release their craims to the complainant, and account to him for the rents and profits of the land
A supplemental bill and answer were -afterwards filed, but the matters therein stated are not before the courtin the consideratiei of this case-; the charges made in the bill being denied in'the answer, and no proof being offered to sustain them.
The "defendants all answered; but as- they all rely on the samematters of defence,. it is not material to notice any of the answers but that of William Clark. He contests, throughout,'the right of Porteirld to relief; denies that any part of the land in contest was possessed by Porterfield at the time of filing hiis bill; on the c6ntrary, he alleges, that by his ten*ants,-h'e had-for more than §even years nextbefore the filing of the bill, been in fall and exclusive possession.of all the land in contest, claiming and holding the same under the title derived from George Rogers Clark, .and he therefore pleads and
H

SUPREME COURT.
Porterfield v. Clark.
relies upon his possession and the statute of Kentucky, limiting the time of bringing suits in such cases to seven years, in bar of the relief sought by Porterfield. He insists that at the date of Clark's entries, there was no law prohibiting tle location of Treasury warrants below the Tennessee river, and that the entries were rnde on land subject to appropriation, and in conformity with law;,that they possess the certainty and precision of valid.entries, and were afterwards legally surveyed in conformity with "law,upon vhich surveys patents finally issued according tQ law; and thdt his title is not only elder in date, but superior in law and equity to that of Porterfield.
Amongst the other matters given in evidence in this case, .were copies of some original papers found in thd State Paper Office, in London, relating toth&boundary-lines adopted atvarioustinmesbetween the white people'and the Indians, the substance of which is as follows:
1. Deed (or treaty) with the Cherokees, dated on the 13th of June,. 1767, which recited that a previous treaty had 'been made on the 20th of October, 1765, directing the line to be run from where the South Carolina line terminated, a north course into the mountains, whence a straight line should run to the lead mines of Colonel Chiswell, (on the Great Kenhawa river,) and that the commissioners had found themselves unable to run- the line further than the top of a mountain called Tryon mountain, on the head waters of Pacolet creek and White Oak creek, therefore the present treaty established the following :-Running from the tdp of Tryon mountain aforesaid, beginning at the marked trees' thereon, by a direct line to Chiswell's mines in Virginia.
2. 'Treaty between John Stuart, on behalf of his majesty, the king of England, and the upper and lower Cherokee nations, coneluded at Hard Labor, on the 13th October, 1768, establishing the following boundary :-From a place called Towahihie, on the northem bank of Savannah river, a north fifty degrees east course in a straight line to a place .called Demesses Comer, or Yell6w Water; ftom Demesses Comer or Yellow Water, a north fifty degrees east course, in a straight line to the southern bank of Reedy river, at a place called Waughoe,.or Elm 'Tree, where the line behind- South Carolin'a terminates; from a place called Waughoe, or Elm Tree; on 'the southerm bank of Reedy river, a north course in d straight line to a mountain- called Tryon mountain, where the great ridge of mountains becomes impervious; from Tryon mountain, in a straight line to Chiswell's 'mine, on the. eastern bank of the Great Conho-

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

87

Porterfield v. Clark.'

way (Kenhawa) river, about a N. by E. course; and from Chiswells mine,' on the eastern bank of the Great Conhoway; in a straight line, about a north course, to the confluence of the Great Conhoway with the Ohio.
3. Treaty with the Six Nations, concluded at Fort Stanwixi on the 5th of November, 1768, in which the sachems and chiefs assert the ownership of, and by which they sod"to King George III., all the land; bounded by the following line :- Beginning at the mouth of the Cherokee, or Hogohege (Tennessee) river, where it empties in the river Ohio, and running from thence upwards along the south side of the said river Ohio; to Kittanning, which is above Fort Pitt; from thence by a direct line to the nearest fork of the west branch of the Susquehanna, &c., &c., &c., and extended eastward from every part of the said line, &c.j &c.
4. Instructions from Lord Botetourt to Col. Lewis and Dr. Walker, dated Williamsburg, Dec. 20th, 1768; directing them to proceed to Mr. Stuart, superintendent of the southem district, and represent to him that the line frdm Chiswell's mine to the mouth of thp Great Kenhaway, contracts the limits of the colony too much, and saying that " if Virginia had been consulted upon this line, there would have been an opportunity of showing that the- Cherokees had no just title to" the lands between the supposed line and the' mouth of the Cherokee river, which in fact were claimed, and have been sold to his majesty, by the northern nations at the late treaty at Fort Stanwx."
5. Report of Lewis and Walker, saying that They had met with a portion of the Cherokee- chiefs, who would use their influence to obtain a new boundary.
6. A memorial, from the House of Burgesses of Virginia to the governor, praying that a new boundary-line may be adopted, and suggesting one from the western termination of the XNorth Carolina line, in a due west direction to the river Ohio. This memorial was sent to England by the governor, on the 18th December, 1769.
7. An address from the House of Burgesses to the governor, and his answer upon the same subject.
8. Resolition of the House of Burgesses, 16th Jun'e, 1770, requesting that a treaty be made with the Cherokees for the lands lying within a line to be run from the place where the North Carolina line. terminates, in a due western direction, till it intersects Holstein river, - and from thence to the mouth-of the Great Kanhawa.

88

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield'v. Clark.

9. Letter. from Lord Hillsborough 'to Lord Botetourt, dated at White Hall, State Paper Office, October 3, 1770, saying, I am convinced, from the fullest considpration, that the extension of the bouridary-line, as proposed by the. address of the House of Burgesses in December last, would never have been consented to by the Cherokees.
10. Treaty with the Cherokees, made at Lochaber, in the province of South Carolina, on the 18th October, 1770, adopting as a boundary a line, leginning where the boundary-line between the province of .North Carolina and the Cherokee hunting-grounds terminates, and Srunnng thence in a. west course to a point six miles east of Long Island, in Holstein's river, 'nd thence in a course to the conIluence of 'the Great Conhaway and Ohio rivers.
11. Letter from Lord Dunmore to the Earl of Hillsborough, dated it Williamsburg, March,.1772, saying that the boundary-line between the colony nd the hunting-grounds of ihe Cherokee Indians had been run by Mr. Donelson and others 11t that it had not been run exactly according to instructions, taking in a larger tract of country than by those instructions they had permission to include; that the commissioners had continued, from.-the point on Holstein river, where it is intersected by the division. line of Virginia and North Carolina, down that river a small, distance, to a place from whence they had an easier access than anywhere else to be found, to the head of Louisa (or Kentucky) river.
There were also given in evidence, sundry papers from the state department, verified, as copies, by the certificate of Fletcher Webster, Eq., acting secretary of state, -the substance of which was as
follows.1. A protection fbr the Great Warrior of Chote, dated on the 13th
of May, 1771, at.Toguch, and-signed by Alexander Cameron, deputy superintendent. It' states,. that he 'intenas to hunt from thence to Long Island hnd thereabouts, -until the arrival of the Virginia commissioners, who, are appointed 'by that government to run the boundary:line; and -xpresses a hope, that if he should meet with any hunting-parties, they would remove from the lands which were reserved for the Cherokees.
2. A talk from Alexander Cameron, dated at Lochaber, 5th February, 1772, saying to the Indians that he had informed the governor of Virginia that the course of the boundary-line to where they left it on the Cedar river was approved by-all the chiefs, and that he had

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

89

Porte.rfield v. Clark.

reminded Colonel Donelson of his promise of sending a few presents

to the' LongIsland, upon Holston, in the spring;

3. A letter from John Sfuart to Ouconestotah, great war-chief of

the.Cherokee nation, saying that lie sent him therewith a copy of the

boundary agreed upon, and that persons -were appointed to mark it

immediately.

4. A treaty of cession to his majesty by the Creeks and Cherokee

Indians, of certain lands to the south, dated on the 1st of June, 17713,

at Augusta; and a talk to' the Cherokees 'dated at Augusta,, on the

8d of-June, 1773, reminding them that in-1771 they had marked a

line, dividing their hunting-grounds from what they gave up to his

majesty in'the province of Virginia, and which fell in upon the head

or source of Louisa (now Kentucky) river, and down the, stream

'thereof to its confluence'with the Ohio, and relinquished all claims

or pretensions to. any laids to'the north-eastward of said line,; and

informing them that -his majesty had erected a new province whose

boundaries were---:beginning on the south side of the river Ohio,

opposite the mouth of Sciota, thence, southerly, through- the pass in

the Anasiota mountains, to .the south side of the said mountains;

thence along the south side of the said mountains, north-eastwardly

to the fork of the Great Kenhawa, made by the junction of Green-

briar river and the New river; thence along the Greenbriar river,

on the easterly side of the same, unto the head or termination of

its north-easterly branch thereof; thence easterly to the Alleghany

mountains; thence by various courses to the southern and western

bQundary-line of Pennsylvania, and a.offg the western boundary-line

until it shall strike the Ohio river, .and thence down the said river

Ohio to the place of beginning.

5. Talk from Lord Dunmore to the Little Carpenter and chiefs of

the Cherokee nations of Indians, dated at Williamsburg, on the 23d

day, of March, 1775, warning them not to grant land to Henderson

or'any other white people.

6. -A letter from William Preston to the chiefs of the Cherok~e

nation, dated at Fincastle county, on the 12th of April, 1775, saying

,that he.was commatided by Lord Dunmore to send the letter by a special messenger, Who was'to read it to the council.- The letter*

lemonstrates against the sale which they had lately made of that great tract of land on the Ohio, without the advice or consent of the

king, and says that, by various treaties, the land had been the pro-

perty of the king for upwards of thirty years.

VOL. 1-12

- H2

90

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

7. A letter from Patrick Henry, junior, to Oconostotah, dated, on the 3d of March, 1777, assuring, the Cherokees of the protection of Virginia, and expressing an expectation that he, and his warriors ald head men, willnot fail to mee.t 'Colonel Christian, Colonel Preston, and Colonel Shelby, at the fort, near the. Great Island, to confirm the peace.
8. Articles of peace' made at Fort Henry, near the Great Island, on ftolston's iiver, on the 20th July, 1777, between the commissionersfrom the commonwcalth of Virginia, of the one part, and the chith ·of hat part of the Cherokee nation called the Overhill Indians, of the other part.
The fifth article recites that, as many-white people have settled on lands below the boundary between Virginia and the Cherokeesy commoily called Donelson?s line, it is necessary to fix and extend a new boundary and purchase the lands within it. The new line begins at the lower comer of Donelson's line on the north side of the river Holston, and runs down that rivei according to the mean-. ders thereof and bei}ding thereon, including the Great Island, to the mouth of Claud's creek, being the second creek below the warrior's ford at the.mouth of Carter's valley; thence running a straight line to a high point on Cumberland mountain, betiveen three and five miles below or westward of the great gap which leads to the settlement of the Kentucky. This last-mentioned line is to be considered ,as the boundary'between Virginia and the Cherokees.
9. A letter from Patrick Henry, dated at Williamsburg, on the 15th November, i777, to Oucconastotah, saying that his heart and the. hearts of all the Virginians are still good towardg the Cherokees.
10. A letter fom Patrick Henry to. the Cherokees, 'sayLg that he is informed, that the line which was run was not convdnient to the Cherokees; that -they wanted it to come higher up the river Holston, and that he has given orders to have it altered a few miles, to take in the fording-place into their land.
There was also gi'en in evidence, fthe deposition of-Peter Force, an inhabitant of the city of Washington, who had been for many years engaged in collecting authentic. papers connected with the history of the United States, from the settlement of the stveral colonies, (including Virginia,) t1a the adoption of the federal constitution, under a-contract 'with the secretary of:ate, made by-authority of an act of Congress. Mr. Force' gave it is his opinion, after an examination of. books; maps, treaties, and'bther authentic papers, that the

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

91

Porterfield v. Clar-k.

country between the Tennessee, Ohio'and Mississippi rivers, and the boundary line between what is now the state of Kentucky and. Tennessee, belonged to the Cherokees previous to.the year 1779; that all the maps which he -had -found designated the' Cherp ke." country as .being north of the Chickasaws, extending westward -to the Mississippi add northward to the Ohio; and that id no-inscance had he found the lands above described to be marked upon any map as belonging to any other tribe of Indians than the Cherokeds. Mr. Force annexed to his deposition copies of sundry.papers relating to a treaty made in 1730, between the Lords Commissioners for trade, and plantations, and the Cherokees,-together with the treaty itself,. which was executed in Fngland by some of the chiefs who. had gone there.
Exceptions were filed to the deposition of Peter Force, but they were overruled, and at a subsequent stage of the cause these excep-. tions were withdrawn.
On the 13th of November, 1841, afer hearing an argument i1r three successive days, the Circuit Court dismissed the bill with costs,, and the complainant appealed to this court.
Before the cause was argued, the following paper Wag filed On the question, -whether t1e lands in controversy were 'regarded. as Chickasaw or Cherokee lands, the counsel for the appelants hope they will be at liberty to refer to an original official letter from Govenor Thomas Jefferson to Gen. Clark, dated the 29th January, ' 1780, and now on the files of the Chancery Court at Richmond, in a suit there dependiig between the administrator of Gen. George Rogers Clark and the commonwealth, for -the settlement of their accounts. This letter is wholly upon the subject of the public service, and, amongst other' things, upon the subject of erecting a fort near the mouth of the Ohio. It contains the following passages:"cFrom the best information I have, I take for granted, that our line will 'pass below the mouth of Ohio. Our 'purchbases of the Cherokees hitherto, have not extended southward or westward cf the Tanissee. Of course the little tract of country between the Mississippi, Ohio, Tanissee, and Carolina line, on which your fort will b6, is stiltolbe purchased from them, before you can begin your work. to effect this, I have written to Major Martin, our Cherokee agent,
of which letter I enclose you a copy."-(This extract is from the first page of the letter.)
cc I must also refer to.you, whether it will be best to build the fo

"92

SUPREM' COURT.

-Porterfield v. C.lark,

at the mouth of Ohio, before you beg&n your c~apaign, or after you shall have ended it. Perhaps, indeed, the delays 6f obtaining leave from the Cherokees, or of making purchase from them, may oblige you to postpone it fill the fill."--:(This extract is from the gixth page of the letter.)
It is proper to state, that this letter mentions the Chickasaws as a hostile tribe.-:See the letter, bottom of p. 4 and top of'p. 5.

Morehead and Ckman ohnson,'.for the appellants and complain,ants below,
C'yit , for the'defendants.
[The notes of Mr. .Morehead'sargument, as taken by the reporter, not being within-his control when this part of the'volume was put to press, the argument is necessarily and reluctantly omitted.]
Crittenden, for defendant, stated the nature of the two confiicting titlesi and then referred to the claim of Porterfield as asserting the. superiority of his title, both at law and. in equity. If these allegations are true, then the cdmplainant tias the legl title and' cannot sue in equity. Ilis remedy at. law is complete, and this court has no jurisdiction. If the elder patent of Clark be a nullity and -void on its face, it would be no bar to an action' of ejectm'ent and the recovery 'of the land. 6 Peters, 666.
But if the original evidence of title ei.'bited- by the parties, be referred to as the -proper test of the nature of, the case, and of the jurisdiction of a court of equity, then it will appear that the present is nothing more than thre orddiary case of ajunior patentee, seeking, in the familiar ancl appropriate mode of-a bill in equity, to coerce a surrender and conveyance of the.legal title of an' elder'patentee.
In th view of the'case he argued, 1. That-the c6mplainant. had no such claim as could prevail in a court of equity against the elder Ipgal title of the defindbnt. 2. That if he had shown such right, then that the defendant'S tit was prior in. time and better in"equity.. 3. That however perfect the complainant's title, and however inip~rfect the defendant's; .the latter is protected and the former barred by the statute of' seven years' limitation. , 1. Porterfield asserts a. military claim under the reservations made in the Virginia acts of 1779, (1 Litt. 406,) and 1781, (1 Litt. 432,) and in virtue of the entries made on-the military warmants, together

JANUARY TERM. 1844.
Porterd'eld v. Clark.
-withthe patents issued in 1825 and 1826 under an act of the Kentucky legislature of 1820. From these sources the complainant derives title, if any he has, and insists, .
1. That the acts of the.Virginia legislature operate as a legislative grant of the legal title to the troops alluded to in them, and that his locations were required only to discriminate, as between him and his fellow-soldiers, his potion.
2. That his entries, -if sqch were necessary as original .appropriations, are valid and go6d under the. said act of 1779.
The act of 1779 required that entries should be made so specially as to enable subsequent locators to locate the adjacent residuumwith safety. To do this and to make a valid entry, it must .so describe the land. as to identify it by notorious objects. Decisions without number might be cited to establish this as the settled rule of law in such cases. Speed- v. Lewis, Hardin, "477; Johnson v. Pannel's heirs, 2 Wheat. 206.
Tested by this rule, the entry of the complainant cannot be maintained. There is no evidence, nor attexpt to prove the identity or notoriety of the objects on which these entries depend; and this fatal defect is obvious.
Are the acts of Virginia legislative grants? The acts of 1779 and 1781 are acts 6f reservation, not of grant. They reserved districts of country from other appropriation, that they might therewith satisfy the military claimants. This is manifestly the character of the acts themselves, and though ii other, and subsequent acts, words ahd expressions may be found that would give colour to the argument that the lands had been cgiven," ,,appropriated," &c.,-yet these must be understood with a reference to the principal acts, which had not given, but reserved them cto be given or granted," as, might thereafter be directed, In confirmatioli of this, the -11th section of the act of May, 1782, indicates that the portion or bounty-land of each military claimant was thereafter to be granted to him by patent
Revised Code, 395. But ifb,y these acts, Virginia had divested herself and granted
the title, to Whom did she grant the land? Certainly not to Porterfield, so as to enable him, individually, to maintain an action at law or suit in equity. He would, almost have as good a right to sue in the character of a citizen of the commonwealth, and in virtue of the right which, as such, he had.
If these acts can, in any sense, be regarded as a grant, out of

94

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfileld v. Clark.

which the complainant's title was to spring, such title could only vest in him to any specific parcel, when the legal means for its investiture had been performed. Was that to be. done-by entry? If so, that entry should be so special as at least to identify, if not to make notorious, the land intended to be selected. The common rule requires notoriety, but if we dispense with that, identity is indispensable. This entry does not identify the land. If the entry is neither required by law, or being required, is inoperative for want of specialty, it confers. no right, either legal or equitable. What, then, has the complainant done to make this particular land his property? It is not by survey; for, admitting that would have been a ufficient appropriation undei the laws of Virginia, no such survey was made. The only survey made was in 1824-5, long after the date of Clark's patent and undir a law of Kentucky,- which authorized surveys to be made upon entries only, and required those surveys to conform to the ehtry. According to that law, the survey was not recognised as an act of appropriation,, but only as a means. of perfecting and-carrying into grant such entries as were valid by their special description of the land. So that, in any way in which it can be viewed, the right of the complainant must resolve itself into the validity and specialty of his entry.
If it were admitted that a survey was a sufficient appropriation,
the survey must contain such a description as would identify the land by the corresponding objects proved to have existed on the land. Up to the time, therefore, of the separation of Kentucky, the complainant had no title derivable from any location or survey; and he must rest for any such title upon the acts of the Virginia Assembly alone. They.gave him no individual right to the specific land in question; they gave him no right in it. If any, it must be what the complainant contends it is, viz., a perfect legal title. And if so, his bill-in chancery cannot be maintained. That these acts granted no such right per se, is necessarily implied in the decisions of the Kentucky Court of Appeals in the cases of Jasper, &c. v. Quarles, Hardin, 464, and McIlhenney's heirs v. Biggerstaff, 3 Litt. 155. For if such rights had been granted, neither Jasper nor.Biggerstaff could have succeeded in equity against the title granted before the claims originated.
Upon general principles, courts of chancery will not, except in favour of an equity clearly made out, disturb the holder of the legal title, however, or by whatever means, obtained; and this is the

JANUA-RY TE-RM 1844.

95

Porterfield v. Ciark

settled doctrine of the courts in Kentucky- in referenceJo caseslike the present, of conflicting land claims. Hardin's Reports, 103, 112, 469; 2 Bibb, 168; Ward, &c. v. Lee, lBibb, 33, 22"9; Garnet v.
Jenkins, 8 Peters, 75. The Virginia acts in question bear no resemblance' to the acts
referred to in the case of Green's heirs, 2 Wheat. 196;'here are no words of -present donation or grant, no individual appropriation. These acts were not so understood by either Virginia or Kentucky, as is shown by their compact, 1 Litt. Laws of Kentucky, p. 1-9, sect.
10, and by the subsequent acts of Kentucky in disposing of those lands as her own, and by the act for surveying the military clais.
I1 1779, Virginia only reserved these lands "until 'her farther order." The Kentucky decision in Rollins v. Clark, 8"i ana, 19, ,expressli repudiates the idea of a legislative grant, and the cases of
Bledsoe's heirs v. Wells, 4 Bibb, 329, and Mc]lhenney's heirs v. Biggerstafl 3 Litt. 161, do so by necessary implication. In the case of Wilcox v. Jackson, 14 Peters, 516, it is said that, where lands are granted by act of Congress, it must be done cby words of present grant." Virginia thought that something more would be necessary, because she -included, these military warrants within the act opening a land-office, the I1th section of.which (Rev. Code, 395, act of Y7l82) requires the-officers to receive paper-money for fees for issuing grants on military warrants. It is brought in, incidentally, it is true, but nevertheless explains the meaning of prior laws.
Having thus examined the title of Porterfield, and the'time when it 'ccrued, let us look at the second head of the argument.
- . That Clark's title-is prior in time and better in equity. His fu il amended 'entry was made on the 26th October, 1780, in virtue c Virginia Treasury warrants; was surveyed, as to 36,962 acres, on the 7th June, 1784, and patented under the Kenthcky act of
1794, on the 15th of September, 1795. The entry calls to "cbegin on the Ohio river, at the mouth of the Tennessee," &c. In its terms, it contains all the precision and certainty required by the act of 1179,
and is a good and valid entry. It includes the land in controversy, as does also the survey and patent founded upon it. The only grounds on which the claim is attempted to be impeached are two,
1. That it is within the military reserve. 2. That it is within the country and limits of the Cherokees. As to the first, it is sufficient to say that the entry of Clark was
made prior to the military reservation; and the acts of reservation

96

SUPREME, COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

could never have been intended to deprive or affect. the existing lawful rights of griorl6cations; (see case of Grundy, 9 Wheat. 203;)
whatever may have been the title transferred by these acts in the unappropriated lands of the reserved district. And all this; as well as the lawfulness and validity of Clark's entry was solemnly adjudged by the Virginia Court-of Appeals, as early as the year 1793, in the' case of Marshall, &q., superintendents of the Virginia State Line v. George Rogers Clark, Hughes' Reports, 39.
That decipion settled every question as to the lawfulness and validity-.of the entry in question, except only whether it was within the cc Cherokee country or limits.;" and this court ascribed such effect to that decision in the case, of. Clark's heirs v.- Smith, 13 Peters, i95.
Supposing.Clark's entry to be within the Cherokee country, his entry and. survey might- have been void, but his patent would not. It was granted- "inobedience to the .express provisions of the Kentucky act of 1794, and afle&the'cavemt of the superintendents to prevent, it had been dismissed, , 8 Dana, 15. In that case, the Court of Appeals of Kentucky say that, upon the fact suppo.sed, the patent would not be void; it would c6nfer the legal title on the patentee. The case'of Bledsoe's devisees v. Wells, 4 Bibb, 329, is in principle to the same effect. Such patents convey the legal title, and the party in possession of it, by whatever means acquired, can only be disturbed by one holding a clear equity. Rucker v. Howard, 2 Bibb, 165.; Hardin, 103, 112; Ward, &c. v. Lee, I Bibb, 33, 229; Hardin, 15, 105, 469; 8 Peters, 75.
But was Clark's entry within the "cCherokee country and limits ?" It is incumbent upon the complainant to -prove that it was, and he has not done it, The Cherokee settlements were far remote on the headwaters of the Tennessee.
The.Iatchez and Chickasaw tribes lived directly west of them, and between them and the Mississippi and much nearer the mouth of the Tennessee river.
The ancient maps produced are no evidence, and are admissible by no rule of law that I know of." If .they were admissible1 they prove nothing but the ignorance of their authors, and destroy each 'other by their contradic'toriness; and if they do not thus destroy each other, they do not show that the Cherokees claimed or owned the lands below the mouth of the Tennessee river
The testhhony of Mr. Force and the royal authentication of

JANUARY TERM,- 1844.

97

Porterfield v. 'Clark.

those maps may lirove that they are true copies, but they cannot

convert fables into facts, or prove that the originals were cQrrect.

It is insisted upon by the other "side, that this was the Cherokee

country alluded to and intended by the legislature, because, as they

attempt to show, all the other lands of the Cherokees within the

limits of Virginia had been before ceded to her. If the facts justified

such a conclusion, then, as all these cessions were hnatters of treaty

dihd history, the court should have taken judicial notice of them and

decided differently the case in Hughes, 39. Exclusive of such law-

ful grounds of judgment, there is no more evidence 'n this,. than .in

that case, that the country in question-belonged to the 'Cherokees.

There 'is nothing more excusable than ignorance, even in the

Virginia legislature, of the "limits of the Cherokee country :". the'

limits. of 'roving bands of savages who had no occupancy but of their

huts, aid were*sparingly. dotted about in that great western region.

No treaty made with the Indians -ever did recognise the lands in

question as' Cherokee lands. Such a construction of any of the

treaties inade with those Indians, would have entitled the superin-

tendents to a judgment in the case in Hughes, 39. No treaty prior

to 1779, did more than settle their eastern 'boundary by a line of

division between them and the whites.

- The first agreement or settlement of their western boundary was

in 1785, by the treaty of Holewell, which*was by a line from the

Cumberland to the Tennessee river, forty miles above Nashville,

leaving out and at a great distance the lands in question.

And by a treaty with the Chicasaws in',1786, these lands were

recognised as theirs,.or "cassigned to theni for their hunting rounds.'?

But the great fact from which the complainait draws, all his argu-

ments, namely, that the Cherokees had not) in 1779, any other lands

but those below the mouth of, t Tennesseef-is hot true. From

their western line, striking the Cumberland forty miles above'Nash-

ville, they did own the lands on that river, and between that and the

line dividing North Carolina frQm Virginia, and they owned lands

between that river and the Cumberland mountains; all of which

were finally purchased, from them by the treaty of Tellico, in 1805,

and becoming thereby the property of the state of Kentucky, were

disposed of by her.. See the treaties of 1791, 1798,. and 1805,"

recognising and purchasing these lands as Cherokee lands, in vol. of

Indian treaties, 34, 80, 121; -and Statute Law of Kentucky, 2 vol.

page 921, 1009.

VoL. . -13

I

SUPREME' COURT.
Porterfield v. Clark.
To pronounce this to be Cherokee land upon the construction of any treaty, or .upon historical evidence, would be to contradict the judicialdecisionsofVirgiiia and Kentucky. Hughes, 39; 8 Dana, 15. The deposition of General Jackson contributes strongly to prove that it Was not Cherokee land;, and a further proof that it was not is found in the recitals of the deed from the Cherokees to Henderson and Company, in which they declare -the Tennessee river to be their boundary, and claim nothing below or westward of its mouth.
If this was not Cherokee country, the basis fails of ill the argu. metits designed to establish the nullify of Clark's patent.
But suppose it was Cherokee country, is Clark's patent therefore void ?
The distinction in the Kentucky courts is this: If no cause of invalidity appear on the face of the patent, it is conclusive at law, and no evidence of any extrinsic fact is admissible to invalidate it. Bledsoe's heirs v. Wells, 4 Bibb, 329 ; 4 Monroe, 51 ; 5 Monroe, 213; 1 Munf. 134; but that such evidence ig admissible when the statute which forbids the appropriation declares, also, that the patent shall be void,
3. However perfect the complainant's title, and imperfect the defendant's, the latter is protected and the former barred by the statute of seven years' limitation.
It has been -shown that the patent is not void upon its face, that it was sanctioned by the Kentucky act of 1794, and that it has been recognised by judicial decisions in 8 Dana, 15, and 13 Peters, 195. That this is, sufficient to admit the operation of the statute, was decided in 2 Marshall, 387, Skiles's heirs v. King's heirs.
The statute requires-that he should have a "connected title in law or equity, deducible of record from the commonwealth." The original defendants are connected by regular derivation of title, with the, original title of Clark, and his is deduced from the commonwealth.by.all the appointed evidences of title, viz.: an entry, survey, and patent, all of record. The case is thus brought as to title, as well as possession -and settlement, within the plain meaning of the statute. See in addition to the authority just cited, White v. Bates, 7 J..J. Marshall, 542; Gaines, &c. v. Buford, 1 Dana, 481 ; and 6 J. J; Marshall, 452. According to the decision of the court in Skiles's heirs, 2 Marshall, 387, the statute was intended to help and protect cinvalid titles," to protect settlers under patents which in fact passed no title either in law or equity, being for land grapted

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

99

Porterfield v. Clark.

before the origin of the settlers' claim; that the words qf the statute, c a connected title in law or equity, deducible of record from the-
commonwealth," ccdoes and must mean such title when tested by its' own face, and not tried by the title of others." The test is, would it be good against the commonwealth, cc supposing no other to exist on the ground."
Tried by these rules, can there be a doubt that the claim of the defendants is within the protection of the statute?
Biit all this is attempted to be evaded upon the ground that the claim was within the Cherokee country, and therefore void. The fact of its being within the Cherokee limits has been already noticed; and the consequence does not follow, that, if so, it is void and beyond the reach of the statute. Bledsoe's devisees v. Wells, 4 Bibb,!329; Rollins v. Clark, 8 Dana, 15; Ray r. Baker's heirs, 1 Ben Monroe, 364; Gray 3"Gray, 2 Ben Monroe, 200; Jennings v. Whitaker, 4 Monroe, 51; Pearson v. Baker, 4 Dana, 322; Cain v. Flynn, 4 Dana, 501; Finley v. Williams, 9 Cranch, 164; Boulden and wife v. Massie, 7 Wheat. 122; Stringer v. Lessee of Young, 3 Peters, 337; Bagnell v. Broderick, 13 Peters, 436.
If this party is to be deprived of the benefit of the statute, because an adversary- claimant can show that his title originated in a forbidden and unlawful entry, or other act of appropriation, it must equally apply to all settlers under junior titles, and a claimant, showing his elder' and better appropriation, annuls the junior title and'sweeps away with it the statute of limitations. Because, as all our laws confirmed the holders of warrants or certificates, &c., to waste and unappropriated lands, they violated the law in locating lands that were appropriated, and their entries, gurveys, and patents must therefore be void. Why not apply the same reasoning to surveys and p'atents founded on entries void for uncertainty and vagueness on their face? The statutes require and command that 'they shall be special and certain in their description.
If this reasoning' prevails, the statute of limitations is in -effect repealed, or left in existence in reference alone to cases which do
not require its assistance.

Chauzna Johnson, for appellants, examined the three following points:
1. Whether, upon the merits, the plaintiff or defendants have-the better right.

100:

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

2. Whether the case is proper for the jurisdiction of a court of. equity.
3. Whether the plaintiff's claim is barred by the statute of limitations.
1. He drew a distinction between Treasury warrants and military warrants, as resting upon different grounds, although the law must gver'the interpretation of both - but the military warranfs are of a. higher order. The title of the complainant is perfect, unless it be overruled by an elder or better one., In examining Clark's title, he passed. by, for the moment, the question whether the survey was made by the proper surveyor or conformed to the entry; but inquired whether 2the land taken up was cc waste and'unappropriated land." But first it would be necessary to disembarrass the case of the allegation that it had been already settled by judicial decisions. The present plaintifts 'were not parties to any prior case, The first was in 4 Call. 268, where the question -arose whether the reserved lands were subject to entry or not. It went up to the Court of Appeals for their opinion, who said that, whether the land was Cherokee land or ,not, .was a question of fact depending upon proof, and said also that he who affirmed it would have ,the burden of proof upon him. It 'is admitted that where there is a general law with exceptions, he who wishes to bring himself within the exception mu~t show it. It" is also true that the act of 1781 could not divest Clark of any title which had vested in him. The legislature of Virginia could not effect it under the constitution of the state.
In the case of Rawlins v. Clarke, 8 Dana, 15, by the compact between Virginia and Kentucky, the Virginia law was the guide, and the decision is nothing ,more than the opinion of a state couirt upon general law, which may be decided in different ways in different states. The Kentucky court was in the same situation as the Virginia court, and had no further evidence of the fact of this being Cherokee country. The latter decision is entitled to less weight, because the preceding decision in Virginia was looked to as authority, and the attention of the court was drawn chiefly to the-question of fact. In the case in 13 Ieters, the construction of the resolutions of Yirginia was not argued, and the state of facts before the court now is not the same as it was then. The court cahnot ex ofifieo take notice of treaties which are not read and have never been published. This court once and 'again followed the courts of Tennessee in deciding a question of local law; but on the third time, they reversed

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

101

Porterfield v. Clark.

their 9pinion, because the courts of Tennessee had done so too. There is now, as then, a different state of information before the court. If Virginia ever put Indian land into the market before the title was xiffnguished, it was not'done designedly, but ignorantly and by construction. This court has said so in the case of Johnson v. McIntosh, and ought now to relieve Virginia from the imputatidn.
What is the true construction of the act of 1779 upon this point?
Before the Revolution, Great Britain stood in the light of a protector for the Indians against the intrusion of the whites, claiming that no title should be acquired from them except by purchase; but as long as the title was unextinguished, the Indians wer protected in the possession according to their own mode of enjoyment. The right only .was claimed to trahsfer the occupancy when the title should be purchased. It now appears that the title to the land in controversy had not been extinguished in 1779. At that time we had, by the treaties of Hard Labor and Lochaber extinguished all title to land except to that west and south of 'the ridge which divides the Cumberland from"the Tennessee. It must be remembered also that Virginia thought she had Indian land within her limits. Up to 1779, the Chickasaws had never been recognised ty the diplomacy of Virginia, who thought all the Indian land was Cherokee. There was a claim presented from 1775 to 1778, respecting Henderson's purchase, and committees were appointed every year, who reported that a compensation should be given for his expenses and a law passed giving him about 250,000 acres; In the same year, 1778, a resolution was passed appropriating land to military claimants, covering 'Henderson's grant, but excepting it, together with the rights of settlers. The whole of the residue was allotted to soldiers. In 1776, the county of Kentucky had been established. Henderson disclaimed all legal title and put his claim -6nthe ground of a reasonable appropriation. This was the state of things in 1779, when the law passed; -but it did not pass albne. It was preceded by an act to establish a land-office. As early as 1776, a joint resolution was passed complaining of the difficulty of land-titles and making provision to meet it. Virginia intended to sell only the lands that were marketable, but none west of the Tennessee. In 1781, when a change was made,'and that land superseded the land which had fallen into North Carolina, there '*as no. saving whatever of any rights. Did she believe there were any legal rights then? If so, she would have saied them. She aftenvards asserted her authority

102

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

over the Indian lands, but only claimed a pre-emptive right. In 1784, -when the governor was authorized to suspend proceedings, she did not think there 'ere any Treasury warrants located there,
because military aid was promised to remove incumbents. What then is the construction 6f the act of 1779? It does not put intothe market any land to which the Indian title
was not extinguished. Although she might have sold the land, subject to the Indian title, there must be strong proof of it, because good faith to the Indians required her not to do it. Where is the law authorizing it? Where are the words in the act? There are none there to justify it. It would be a violent interpretation to make her do the same thing with both kinds of lands. For her-own lands she asked forty pounds .in depreciated paper per hundred acres. Was the same price asked for a reversion only? But the letter of the law tells us what kind of land was meant, not waste lands only, but unappropriated lands. Can such be called so, to which the Indian title had not been extinguished. She only claimed a reversion, and in the mean time it was solemnly appropriated to the Indians, by every guard by which she could do it. It was inaccessible to whites; the public faith was pledged to protect it for an indefinite period of time.' Was not this appropriated? and is the question decided by the court of Virginia, or Kentucky, or was it before them? How can they be unappropriated? Is it said that Virginia violated her faith by pledging these lands to the soldiers, and authorizing them to take the lands. She never meant to relin-
quish' her-right of eminent domain, and suppose that, for self-preservation, she agreed to give them to the soldiers, would it follow that she also intended to sell them for money? The motives in the two cases are entirely diffierent. But if we say that she intended only to. pledge the land to the soldiers, subject to the Indian title, it is not the spirit of her legislation, for all the lands between Tennessee and Green River were free from Indian title, and she offered that or a claim to the reervation in the Indian land. The boon, therefore, was immediate. There is no evidence that she intended to force the Indian land upon the soldiers; but permitted them to wait, if they chose, or take the other lands. There is nothing unjust to the soldier or to the Indian in this. When the Indians objected to the survey, insteaa of enforcing her right, Virginia suspended her proceedings. Why did not Virginia reserve all Indian lands instead ot Cherokee lands? Because the terms are synonymous. 'There were

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

103

Porterfield v. Clark.

no Indians there except Cherokees. From 1729 to 1779 she had made all her treaties, and established boundaries with Cherokees. Where are any with Chickasaws? She thought then that she excepted the whole Indian land. It is said that mentioning Cherwkees implies that more were there. There were no Indians on this side of the Blue Ridge. They excepted all the Indian country they knew of. If they had 'thought their allies, the Chickasaws, had not been protected, would they not have done it? Can wuy construction be sustained, which would seize upon friendly Indians' Iinds, and protect those of a hostile tribe? If yoi believe that she never intended to open the Chickasaw lands, can you say thai she did it
ignorantly? The great rule of all contracts, from the most hunible parol one to treaties, is the intent of the parties. Look at the injustice and inconsistency which would be charged to Virginia. But suppose I am wrong in all this, and the Cherokees were alone excepted; commissioners were appointed at that or the previous session, by Virginia, to purchase this very land. What was the 6bject of Virginia? to protect the Cherokees as such? for their personal benefit? or to describe a tract of country to be-free from Treasury warrant? Suppose Virginia was mistaken, and it turned out to be Chickasaw country? Was not the intention: clear? -to reserve this land? A mistake in the description would not vitiate the act. - Calling the country by a wrong name would not destroy the reservation. The whole analogy of law is against it. A devise would not fail if you can find a person answering the description, although the name be wrong. If the Cherokees had no land there, we must find out the true persons intended' to be protected. An interpretation must be adopted which will further and fulfil the spirit of the act.
If it can be shown that these lands were not intended to be protected,.the cause will be surrendered. They-were never intended to be put into the market. It-would not be fair to do so to the purchaser, to say nothing of the Indian.
Suppose I am wrog in all this, and the exception is not in favour of the country but personal, can it not be shown to hive belonged to the Cherokees? Our-argument was not to prove actual alibi, but where Virginia supposed the Cherokees to live. Virginia had made four or five land-offices, and it is proved what they did not mean to protect, and there would have been no necessity for protecting the Cherokees, unless they had supposed them to live on the west side of the Tennessee river. Between the -Green and Tennessee the

104

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

country was thrown open. What then did they mean, to protect? What was not indluded within the military reservation was not north or east of. the Tennessee. It must have been.west and south of it. The- argument goes to shc6iv the intention of the legislature.
But to the p9int whether this was not actually Cherokee country. In examining this fact, what sort of evidence will be required? Is it the evidence of a law, or treaty with the United States? Must we show only primafacie evidence? or produce a treaty with .the United States? The question is one of meum and tuum. Is the treaty of Hopewell conclusive? The establishment of the boundary will decide whether Porterfield or Clark is the owner of this property, and this is a judicial question. The question of boundary may be a political question generally, and courts cannot decide between sovereign powers, but they are bound to decide a question of property. Neither the executive nor legislature can act -upon it. If a law were passed giving the property to Porterfield, I would think it an insult to the court to offer it here. If this were a question between the Cherokees and the United States, it might be doubtful how far it could be considered. But if the treaty had not settled the point, and abstained from doing so, the court would then take it up, as they did iii Arredondo's case.
The case in' 11 Peters, 186, was correctly decided, because where tw6 sovereign powers agree as to their boundaries, it declares that their jurisdictions come up to the line and bind the citizens of each. But if a claim to property had been made in the part transferred, would the court say that the right to the soil had also passed with the change of jurisdiction? In Case of cession, rights would be adjudged by the laws which prevailed before it took place, and it is only the jurisdiction and sovereignty which -passes over: But in this case, there is no question of sovereignty involved. The treaty of Hopewell never intended to settle qfiestions of property. All it intended was to fix the boundary as to the jurisdiction of the parties. The same remarks apply to the case in 14 Peters. North Carolina, in 1783; marked out a line, and in 1784, extended it towards the, Indians, giving the surveyors power to open offices, and protecting the Indians as to the rest, and it was doubted whether the act of 1784 did not repeal the protection of 1783.
The title arose between 1794 and 1797 when the line was run, and it was necessary to inquire at -what time the line wag adopted. The question of title depended upon the fact whether the property

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

105

Porterfield v. Clark.

was in the Indian territory or not; and this could be settled orly by the contracting parties. But that case is not analogous to this. The question is not whether or not Virginia had.a right to legislate over it, or a political question at all. The Chipkasawsor Cherokees have no interest at all in it.
From 1729 to 1779 the' Cherokees were recognised as owning land in the west, but the Chickasaws were not. In 1763, the proclamation of the king prohibited any person from acquiring land west of the mountains, and this had not been changed by Virginia, but reognised in 1776. Chap. 13 page 350 of Revised Code.
George Walton 'and Qthers say in their petition that'the proclamation prevented them from completing their title. Journal of the House of Delegates of Virginia, for 1778, pages 64,-97.
Treaties had been made 'with the Cherokee at Hard Labor, Lochaber, Fort Stanwix. Henderson 'had purchased up to the ridge vhich divides -the Tennessee from the Cumberland. The purchake was assumed .by Virginia and Henderson compensated. Inquiry was made of the chiefs as to the .nature of the. purchase, and commissioners appointed to take testimony. For these proceedings see journal of May, 1777, pages 44, 49, 56, 65, 70,. 20, 41, 48,, 136; and May, 1778, pages 30, 36,70, and Nov. 1778, pages 79,91.
As soon as the act passed for Henderson, the resolution was passed appropriating lands.for the soldiers. In the act there is a reference to the proclamation of 1763; in the act of 1779 for settling titles, no claims are recognised in opp6sition to the proclamation, all others are. "What was in fact the Cherokee country in 1779 ?
The treaty of Hopewell does not touch this point. It intended to act for the future and not for the past. The lines described in two clauses do not-'touch each other but leave a gap. It would have been impossible to trace the'line between the Cherokees and Chickasaws by a surveyor, for it would depend upon the fact where they. lived-,. and they might have had joint occupancy. No one ever
treated with th6 Chickasaws until 1785. But is there nothing to show that- this was Cherokee country in
1779 ? Therd is the evidence of Mr. Force, a disinterested witness, an:ex
parte; He produces fourteen maps from 1755 to 1778, made by French and.English authority, which put the Chickasaws south of latitude 35, and the Cherokees.north of'them. The river Tennessee is called in these old maps- the river of the Cherokees, and they are placed
VOL. M.-14

106

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

as far west as the Mississippi. By the treaty of Fort Stanwix the Tennessee river is the south boundary of the Six Nations, and the Cherokees are over it.
.The Cherokees were recognised as owners by Virginia in 1769, because she wanted to purchase from them all north of 36.30, to extend the boundary with North Carblina to the Mississippi. (See address of the House of Delegates.) Lord Hillsborough replied thit 'the Cherokees would not consent to it.. So, at Lochaber, in 1770, they were recognised as being within the limits of the province of Virginia, because she treatedwith them and assigned to them the west side of the line therein described, to the whole extent of Virginia. So in -the letter of .Lord Dunmore in 1772. In the articles of, peace between'Virginia and the Cherokees in 1777I,a line is agreed upon, and no white man is to go below the said boundary. Virginia could not have intended that this land should be taken up in 1719.
What is Porterfield's title? [Mr. Johnson here went' into a minute examination of it, and traced its history.]
But it is said that we are barred by the statute of limitation. This statut6 is intended to protect him wh9 can trace a title from the commonwealth, and is a special law. There is another and genetal act of limitations, and where this is the case the special law must be construed strictly. Clark's title cannot be tried, as ig.alleged, by itself, because a part of the gr-dnt has been sold, as appears from the record, and it is nowhere shown what part. The title professes to -be from a land-office Treasury warrant,'.and upon land south of the Tennessee; it is, therefore, void upon its face, and not within the fair construction of the act, the third section of which says it shall, not apply to cases of conflicting titles. The preamble of the law shows it was- intended to apply only to a particular class of cases nd not those within the military district.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the omnion of the court.
For the principal facts, we refer to the statement of the reporter. The first question in order presented by the bill depends on the validity of the complainant's title. But as that of the defendants is the elder, and Clark's entries not objected to on the ground that they are void for want of specialty;.and the survey and patent foanded on them being in c6nformity to the locations, we will at once proceed

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

107

Porterfkeld v.Clark.

to thexniain question presenited by the bill ; that is, whether Clark's entries were malde in the Cherokee country or limits, and therefore void for this reason as against Porterfield's subsequent entries: The first being on Treasury warr4nts, and the last on military warrants. The act of 1779, by virtue of *which Clark's entries were ,made,. excepted the.Cherokee landg from location; and -if the land in dispute, (in October, 1780,) was such, then Clark's -entries. are void, if not, they are valid; aud this fact being found either way, wil end te controversy. We are called on to find the fact; and as it has been agitated in regard to this title, for nearly sixty years, uncommon care has been- bestowed on the question, and a second argument. -been ordered.
The defendant's title c eabmefore- this court in Clark v. Smith, 13 Peters, 200, when the entries of Clark were pronounced special; and the survey and patent declared to cbnform to the entries: And in which case it was'also held, that it was .immaterial whether the entry was made on.the lands claimed by the Chickasaws-or not; .it could only be obnoxious to the provisions of the statute of 1779, if - made on lands reserved, from location bj that act; and the lands of the Chickasaws were not thus reserved. - So it had -been decided by the Court of Appeals of Virginia in Marshall and others v. George -R" Clark in 1791, Hughes's R. 40, and which was affirmed in Rollirs v. Clark, by the Court'of Appeals of Kentucky, in 1839, 8 Dana's iRep. 26.
The reservAtion is, "cNo entry or location of land, shall be admit- ted within the country and limits of the Cherokee Indians." Thebill alleges the entry of Clark to be within the excepted lands.-
The first inquiry we will make is-, how far the contest -stands. affected by former decisions, made by the Court of Appeals of Virginia, by this court, and by the Courtof Appeals of Kentucky.,
As to patents made by Kentucky, on warrants issued by that-state after, the Chickasaw title was extinguished, for lands west of Tennessee river, thecase of Clark v. Smith as an adjudication is direct to the point, that Clark's patent issuperior to such titles. This may be true, and yet Clark's entry be Void; as Kentucky, "n1794," rit; only authorized, but made it the imperative duty of the register to issue a patent on the certificate of survey; as he seems to have done, in obedlence to'the act. We cannot admit that a patent thus issued pursuant to the' authorityj and mandate of the law,-can be deemed.
void, merely because the entry of the patentee was invalid." We

108"

SUPREME' COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

use the language of the Court of Appeals of Kentucky, in the case
of Rollins v. Clark, 8 Dana, -28.
If Clark's entry was made,-however, on lands reserved from location by the act of 1779, then it is void, because the act did not open the land-office for such purpose, nor extend to the excepted lands: and whether the exception reserving the Cheiokee country, included the lands west of Tennessee river, was in 1779, and is now, a matter of fact, as already stated, for the court to ascertain. *This fact is not concluded by the case of Clark v. Smith, although materially
influenced by it. That adjudication, so .far as this question was involved in it, is founded mainly on the case of Thomas Marshall, George Mater, and others, superintendents of the, Virginia state line, v. -George Rogers Clark, Hughes's Rep. 39, in a suit by caveat, to restrain Clark from obtaining a patent on the survey founded on his entries; two entries having ,been included in it. 'The cause was tried before the-Court of-Appeals of 'irginia in17,91, on the caveat, filed. in 1786. The first fact agreed by the parties, and submitted to the court, was whether the locations of Clark could be made west of the Tennessee river on Treasury Warrants ; 'or, in other words; whether that countr was reserved from location, as being the country an'd limits of the Cherokee Indians. The iourt held, " the solution: of the question to depend on a matter of fact to be decided on evidence; and none such appearing, or being supplied by 4ny law, charter, or treaty, produced or' suggested, which ascertained what
the country or limits of the Cherokees was in 1779, no solution of the question could be given, except that it wag the opinion of the court, that the party whose interest it was to extend the exception to the land in dispute, must prove 'the land to be within the description. of that exception." All the other questions were also decided against the caveators, and the caveat ordered to be dismissed. The judg-
ment in effect ordered that a patent should issue to Clark on his survey; and, in fact, adjudged the better right to be in him. A suit by caveat was the ordinary mode of trying titles in Virginia, before a patent issued, and was equally conclusive on the parties, as if it had,
been by bill in equity; this is the settled doctrine of Kentucky, and also Tennessee; and must be so from the nature of the suit. The
.power and jurisdiction of the courts to try titles in this-manner, are conferred by statute, which are very similar in the states named; the practice as to the mode of proceeding, and the.effect of the judgment being the same in each. For evidence of this, we refer to the many

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

109

Porterfield v. Clark.

crises reported by Hughes; and to the cases of Peck v. Eddington, 2 Tennessee Rep. 331 ; Bugg v. Norris, 4 Yerg. R. 326, and Peeler and Campbell v. Norris, 4 Yerg. 331. "cThe powers of the courts, (it is said in Bugg v. Norris,) will be found co-extensive with any conflicting rights two claimants may have, where the defendant is attempting to pdrfect his entry into a grantby survey." Each party had the privilege in the case of the superintendents against Clarke to submit such facts as were material to sustain his right; if not agreed, an issue could be asked, and a jury empannelled, to find on the contested facts. They were all agreed. On these the coult pronounced on the law of the case, and determined.who had the better claim to the land, and awarded to him the patent.
The plaintiff or defendant may introduce more or less evidence.to sustain his claim; but if he fail, he cannot be heard to say, in a second suit, his principal evidence of title was not introduced in the first, and therefore he will try the same issue again in another form. of proceeding on different and better evidence, 4 Yerg. 337-8; Outram v. Morewood, 3 East's R. 357.
The patent being awarded to Clark, it was adjudged that he should take the land in fee; and the whole legal estate and seisin of the commonwealth in the lands. Had the judgment been, that no patent issue to George Rogers Clarke, then he would. have been estopped to-controvert the superior right of the superintendents: If he would have been estopped, so were the superintendents, on the judgment being the other way. 4 Yerg. 333. Estoppels are mutual. 4 Com. D. Estoppel, B. They run with the land, into whose hands soever the land comes- by which the parties and ill claiming-under - them, as well as the courts are bound; were it otherwise, litigation would be endless. Such is the established rule. Trevinan v. Lawrence, 1 Salk. 276, reported also by Lord.Raymond.
The superintendents were therefore estopped by the judgment of the Cpurt of Appeals of Virginia from averring that Clark's entry lay within the Cherokee country: and how was Porterfield'affected by that judgment?
By the act of Nov. 1787, opening the military lands to location; those west of Tennessee river inclusive, the officers were authorized to appoint so many of their numbet superintendents as they might deem proper to locate (after selections by su4rvey had been made) all the claims of the officers and, soldiers. For this purpose they were given authority to select the lands and distribute them among

110

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield, v. Clark.

!he claimants according to their respective ranks. The act of Dec. 1782, makes more distinct, and further provision, and gives increased power to the superintendents. The entire country reserved to the uses of the military claimants was surrefidered to the possession of the superintendents, as trustees, from which they might select any lands, to comply with the purposes of the trust; as such trustees in
possession, they had the right to file the caveat against Clark, after they had selected the land, or any part of it, (located by hip.,) for the use of the officers and soldiets. When selected and surveyed, then the surveys were to be drawn for and allotted as chance might eterrmne; after which, the party thus entitled was authorized to enter of record by an ordinary location, the number he drew in the lottery. Porterfield drew the lands set forth in the bill; to prqtect his entries the caveat was filed, as well as to protect others set forth in the record adjoining Porterfield's; and also to maintain the gene-
ral right'of all the claimants entitled exclusively to locate in the reserved lands.
As Clark would have been estopped to deny the right of the superintendents, (had they been successful,) to appropriate the land in dispute,.it is difficult to say, that Porterfield, for whose benefit especially the caveat suit was prosecuted by those acting for his use, is not also estopped,. on the principle of mutuality. It is hardly possible to separate the right of those acting as trustees, from that of the cestui que trust: still, as the, proceedings and judgment in the suit .by caveat are not set up as a defence in any manner, we can only look to them as furnishing cogent reasons that it could not be proved, during the time the caveat was pending that the lands west of the Tennessee river were part of the Cherokee country, in 1779.
In the case of Clark v. Smith, no evidence was produced to the court, other than that furnished by the treaties with the Cherokees and Chickasaws; together with the history of the country; and which were existing and open to the Court of Appeals of Virginia in 1791; except the treaties made since that time; and these wethought had no material influence on the question; and therefore on the evidence then before us, it was declared, that Clark's title was not open to controversy on the ground (then, as now) assumed, that the land when located laywithin the country of the Cherokee Indians.
Does the record before us and the other matters adduced, furnish additional evidence to change the result of that conclusion? As it does not appear in the cases referred to, what the existing treaties,

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

111

Porterfield v. Clark.
contracts, and intercourse with the Cherokees had been in 1791, -areference will be made to them, so far as they may affect this controversy. During the British colobial government of Virginia, by.different treaties, previous to 1777, the eastern limits of the Cherokees commenced six miles above the Long Island in Holston river, (now in the county of Sullivan, Tennessee,) from thence to Cumberland, gap; then to the head of the Kentucky river, and down the same to
the Ohio. This line ran down the Cumberland mountain from Holston river to the gap, and included in part the great road from Virginia to Kentucky passing through Cumberland gap. The citizens of Virginia settled on the road, and west of the line ; irritation on part of the Cherokees was the consequence. In July, 1777, the Long Island treaty was made, at Fort Henry, standing at the island. By that treaty the Indian line was removed further west; commencing six milds above the island, and running with the river to the mouth of Cloud's creek; being tle second creek below Rogersville, in Hawking county, Tennessee, and a few. miles below that place; thence to a high point of Cumberland mountaina fear miles below the gap; here the line stops, and it was the only one between Virginia and the Cherokees existing in 1779, (wlhen the land law was passed,) except the boundaries established by the grant to Richard Henderson and Company, dated in March, 1776; the extent and effect of which, willbe preiently seerA. As the treaty of 1777 has a most important bearing on the facts hereafter stated, its material parts are given.
"Article 3d. That no white man shall be suffered to reside in or pass through the Overbill farms without a proper certificate, signed by three magistrates in the county of Waslington, in Virginia, or in the county of Wataugo, in North Carolina, to-be produced to, and approved by the agents at Chota. Any person failing or neglecting to comply herewith, is to be apprehended .by the Cherokees and, delivered to the said agent, who they are to assist in conducting to the commanding officer at Fort Henry; and the said Cherokees may. ,apply to their own use all the effects such persons may be in possession of at the time they are taken in the nation. And. should, any runaway negroes get into the Overhill farms, the Cherokees are to secure them until the agent can give notice to the owner, who; on. receiving them are to pay such a reward as the agent may judge reasonable.
",Article 4th. That all white mefi residing in or. passing through the Overhill country, properly authorized or certified as aforesaid,

SUPREME COURT.
Porterfield V. Clark.
are to be protected in their persons and property, and to be at liberty to remove in sdfety when they desire it. If any white man shall murder an Indian, he shall be delivered up to a magistrate in Washington county, to be tried and put to death according to the laws of the state. And if any Indian shall murder a white man, the said Indian shall be put to death by the Cherokees, in the presence of the agent at Chota, or two magis~tates in the county of Washington.
"cArticle 5th. That as many white people have setted on lands below the boundary between Virginia and the Cherokees, commonly called Donelson's line, which lands they have respectively claimed in the course of this treaty, and which makes it necessary to fix and .extend a new boundaiy, akd to make a just and equitable purchase of the lands contained therein, it is therefore agreed by and between the said commissioners in behalf of the commonwealth of Virginia, of the one part, and the subscribing chiefs in behalf of the 6aid Cherokeeson the other part, in free and open treaty without restraint, fear, reserve or compulsion of either party, that a boundary-line between the people of Virginia and the Cherokees be established, and the lands within the same be sold -and made over to the said commonwealth; which line is to begin at the lbwer comer of Donelson's line on the north side of the river Holston, and to run thence down that river according to the meanders thereof, and binding thereon, including the great island to the mouth of Claud's creek, being the sec9nd creek below the warrior's ford at the mouth of Carter's valley; thence running a straight line to a high point on Cumberland mountain, between three and five miles below or westward bf the great gap which leads to the settlement of the Kentucky.
"cThis last mentioned line is to be considered as the boundary between.Virginia and the Cherokees. And all the lands between the said line and that run by Col. Donelson, and between the said river and Cumberland mountain, as low as :the new boundary, is to be the 'piesent purchase.
"cFor which tract of land, or so much thereof as may be within the limits of Virginia when the boundary between the states of Virginia and North Carolina is extended, the said commissioners agree, in behalf of the *commonwealth,to give to the said Cherokees two hundred cows and one hundred sheep, to be delivered at the great iland when the said line shall be run from the river to Cumberland mountain, to which the said Cherokees promised to send deputies

JANUARY TFZRM, 1844.

113

Porterfield' v. Clark.

and twenty young maen, on due notice .of the time being given. them.
cc And for and in consideration of the said-stocks of cattle and sheep, the said chiefs do, for themselves and their 'nation,'sell, make over, and convey ter the said commonwealth, -all the lands contained within the .above described boundary, and do hereby for ever quit and relinquish all right, title,. lain or interest in and to the said lands or any part thereof; and they agree, that the same may be held, enjoyed aid occupied by the purchasers, and; that.they have a just right, and are fully able to sell and convey the said lands in as full, clear, and ample a manner as any lands can possibly be, or ever have been sold, madie over or conveyed by any Indians whatever.
icArticle 6th. -An to prevent as far as possible any cause or pre-

tence, on either side, to break and infringe on the peace so happily

established between Virginia and the Cherokees, it is agreed by the

commissiofters aforesaid and Indian chiefs, that no white man on.

any pretence whatsoever shall build, plant, improve, settle,'hunt, or

drive any stock below the said boundary, on -pain of-being drove

off-by the Indians;.and his property.of 'evdry-kind being taken from

him. But. all persons who are or may hereafter settle above the

said line, are quietly and peaceably to reside thereon without being

inolested, disturbed or hindered, by any Cherokee.Indian or Indians;

and should the stocks of those viho settle near above the line, range

over the same into the Indian land, they are not to be claimed by

any Indians, not the owner, or any persons for him, be prevented

from hunting them, provided such person do not carry a gun ; other-

'wise the gun and stock are both forfeited to the Indians, or any

other person who o n due proof can make it appear. Nor is any

Indiah to hunt or to carry a gun 'within the said purchase, without

license first obtained from twol justices; nor tor travel from any of

the towns over the hills, to any part within the said bbundary, with-

out a pass from the agent. This article shall be in full force until a

proper law.is made tor prevent encroachment on the Indian lands,.

and no longer.".

This treaty fully explains why the-Cherokee country yvas excepted

from the land-law of 1779, and locations-on it prohibited; .no reasons

could add force to its stipulations.

In November, 1185, the next treaty was made at Hopewell'with

the Cheroldes by .the United States, and a new boundary was

VoL. M.-15

x 2

114

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

established, biginning at the mouth of Duck river on.the Tennessee; thence north-east, to the Ridge dividing the waters running into Cumberland river, and the Tennessee; thence eastwardly along said ridge .o a point from which a north-east line would strike Cumberland rivbr forty miles above Nashville. The first comer from the beginning on the ridge is about one hundred miles from the mouth of Tennessee rier.
In January, 1786, the same commissioners who treated with the 'Cherokeeg, also made a treaty at Hopewell with the Chickasaws:
beginning at the Cherokee comer on the ridge, dividing the waters of the Cumberland and Tennessee rivers, and running westerly with said ridge to the Ohio river, and then down the same.
All lands west of this line were guarantied to the Chickasaws. The treaty Was not one of cession on part of these Indians; but the establishment of existing boundaries: the one from the Cherokee comer, to the Ohio, being the only line, dividing territory claimed :by the United States, to which the Indian title had been extinguished contained in the treaty, our inquiries need extend no further for the purposes of the present controversy. That it was deemed the ancient -boundary of the Chickasaws, by themselves, -ill appear hereafter: as it will also appear, that the Cherokees in no instance, so far as our researches have extendedi asserted to the contrary; but that they admitted the fact, on different occasions in a manner free from exception; and which admissions were well calculated to .remove any doubt on this point.
That the lands. west of the 'line on the ridge belonged to the Chickasaws, and not to the Cherokees in 1779, is rendered almost certain by the deed the Cherokees made to Richard Henderson, Thomas.Hart, Nathaniel Hart, John Williams, John Luttrell, Win. Johnston, James Hogg, David Hart, and Leonard I-endly Bullock, on the 17th day of March, 1775. The first part of the deed recites ",That the Cherokee nation, or tribe of Indians, being the aborigines and sole owners by occupancy'from the beginning of time of the lands, on the waters of the Ohio river, from the mouth of the Tennessee river, up the said .Ohio, to the mouth of the Great'Canaway, or New River, and so across by a southward line to the Virginia line, by a directionthat shall strike or hit Holston river six English miles above, or eastward of the Ltng Island therein; and other territories and lands thereunto adjoixling;" do grant, by. Oconestoto, chief warrior, and first representative of the Cherokee nation, (ac'ing

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

115

Porterfield v. Clark.

with other warriors named,) on part of said nation to Richard Henderson and the.others, part of said -lands, for the sum and consideration of ten thousand pounds lawful money of Great Britain, to said Cherokee nation in hand paid; the receipt of which is ackno&ledged for and on behalf of the nation, by the warriors making the treaty; the lands granted lying on the Ohio river; beginning on the said. river Ohio, at the mouth of the Kentucky, Chenoca, or what by the. English is called Louisa river; from thence running up the saW river and the most northwardly branch of the same to the head spfing
thereof; thence a southeast course to the top ridge of Powel's moun-
tain; thence westwardly along the ridge of said mountain unto a point from which a north-west, course, will hit, or strike, he head spring of the most southwardly branch of the Cumberland river; thence down the said river, including all its waters, to the Ohio river; thence up the said river as it meanders to the beginning.
Various covenants are contained in the deed, and among others, that the grantees, their. heirs and assigns, shall and may from time to time, and at all times thereafter peaceably and quietly, have, hold, occupy, possess, and enjoy the premises granted without the trouble, let, hinderance, molestion, or interrupign of the Cherokee nation or any one claiming under the Cherokees. And Joseph Martin and John Farrer were appointed by the grantors, to put the grantees in possession.t
They, did take the possession, and founded " The colony of Transylvania," on their grant; and on the 23d day of May, 1775, the first legislative.assembly of said colony was held, therein, and regulations 'adopted for the future go.ermnent of the same, Col. Richard Henderson, acting for himself and the other' proprietors,' communi.cated with the Assembly, by an address delivered to it; the proprietors exhibited tifeir deed to the soil of Transylvania from the aborigines: Col. Henderson, in person, and John Faiker, as attorney in fact for the' Cherokees', attended the convention, whew'Farrer, in the name of the head warriors, chiefs, and Cherokee Indians, in' presence of the convention, made livery and cession, of all the lands in the deed of feoffment above recited;- which deed was there again produced. A copy of it, and of the proceedings, Appear in Butler's History of Kentucky, 566. The same deed is set forth in Haywbod's History of Tennessee.
This deed and the proceedings under it make up the most prominent historical transaction in the early history of Xentucky; and it

116

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

has been relied on by both sides without objection. And as a historical fact, it Was quite as -prominent in Virginia in 1791, ivhen the caveat suit was decided; and also in 1779 when the first land-law under consideration was passed. By the act of October, 1778, c. 3, and tle resolution of the convention.that formed the first constitution of Virginia in 1776, 2 Rev. Code, 350, 353, and the reservation for Henderson and 'Co. of 200,000 acres at the mouth of Green river, this manifestly appears. The land reserved to Henderson and Co. is declared in full compensation to them and their heirs for the consideration paid to the Cherokees, and for the expense and trouble in acquiring the cbuntry and aiding in its settlement.
The act of October, 1778, c. 3, recites, ,, Whereas it appears to .the General Assefnbly that Richard Henderson and Company have been at very great expenses, in making a purchase of the Cherokee Indians; and although the same has been declared vbid, Yet as this commonwealth is likely to receive great .advantage therefrom, by increasing its inhabitants, and establishing barriers against the Indians, it is therefore just and reasonable the said Richard Henderson and Company be made a compensation for their trouble and expense:" and by the second section the land.at .the mouth of Green river is granted as the compensation proposed.
The act of May, 1779, c. 6, declares that the commonwealth has the -exclusive right of pre-emption from the Indians of all lands within the limits of its territory, as described in the constitution of government in.the ybar 1776; that no'personhad a right.to purchase any lands from any Indian nation within the commonwealth, except persons duly authorized on public account for the use and benefit of the commonwealth
That evdry purchase of lands made by or on behalf of the crown o'f Great Britain from any Indian nation in the before-mentioned limits, doth and ought to enure for ever to and for-the use and benefit of this commonwealth, and that all sales and deeds which*have been meade by .ny Indian* or Indians; or by any Indian nation for lands within said limits, for the separate use of any person, or'persons, whatsoever shall be, and the same are hereby declared utterly void and of no effect.
The construction of the acts of 1778 and 1779, has been that the deed to Henderson and Company was void, as against the commonwealth; but valid as against the Cherokees, and therefore the title to the lands conveyed 'passed to the commonwealth.' This asumption has

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

117

Porterfield v. Clark.

been maintained from the time the convention sat in May, 1776; as the resolutions of the convention show: And it received the sanction of the United States at the treaty of Hopewell with the Cherokees in 1785. The Indians disavowed it, when the treaty commenced. On the 22d of November, before the Chickasaws had arrived at the treaty-ground, the commissioners called on the Cherokees for their boundary; the Indians postponed it. On the 24th, they were again called on, and then said, give them a pencil and paper, and leave them to themselves, and they would draw a map of their country. November 26, the map, and a description of the boundary claimed was presented to the commissioners by Tassel, who spoke on behalf of the Indians. It began on the Ohio above the mouth of the Kentucky river; ran to the Cumberland river where the Kentucky road crossed it; thence to the Chimney-top mountain in North Carolina, and southward.
Tassel said, on presenting the map: "I know Richard Henderson says he purchased the lands of Kentucky .nd as far south as the Cumberland, but he is a rogue and a liar, and if he was here I would tell him so. He requested us to let him have a little land on Kentucky river for his cattle and horses fo_ feed on, and we consented, but told. him at the same time he would be much exposed to the depredations of the northern Indians, which he appeared not to regard, provided we gave him our consent. If Attacullaculla signed his deed, we are not inforined of it; but we know Oconestoto did not, and yet his name is to it; Henderson put it there, and .he is a rogue."
To which the commissioners replied: .You know Colonel. Henderson, Attacullaculla, and Oconestoto are all. dead; what you say may be true; but here is one of Henderson's -deeds, which points out the line, as you have done, nearly fill it strikes Cumberland, thence it~iuns down the waters of the same to the Ohio, thence up said river as it meanders to the beginning. Your memory may fail. you; this is on record, and will remain for ever. The parties being dead, and so much time elapsed since the date of the deed, and. the country beig settled, on the faith of the deed, puts it out .of our power to do any thing respecting it, you. must therefore be content with it, as if you had actually,sold it, and proceed to point out your claim exclusive of this land."
Tassel answered. Iknow they are dead, and I am sorry for it, and suppose it is now too late to recover it. If Henderson were living I

118

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

should have the Pleasure of telling him he was a liar; but you told us to give you our bounds, and therefore we marked the line ; but we will begin at Cumberland, and say nothing more about Kentucky, although it is justly- ours."
On the 2d of December, 1785, the commissioners reported ta the secretary at war amongst other things,- That in establishing the boundary, (with the Cherokees,) which is the chief cause of complaint with the Indians, we were desirous of accommodating the southern states and their western citizens, in any thing consistent with the duty we owed to the United States.
-We established the lihe from forty miles above Nashville on the Cumnberland, agreeable to the deed of sale to Richard Henderson and Co. as far as the Kentucky ford; thence to the mountain six miles south of Nollchuckey, agreeable to the treaty in 1777, &c., with Virginia, and North Carolina." '11he latter treaty is that of Long Island, above set out.
The sale to Henderson and Company, therefore stands on the same grounds as if it had been made by the authority of the crown of Great Britain, so far as boundary and Indian rights stand affected.
Its southern line from the top of Powell's mountain ran westwardly an the top of the mountain, to a point from which a north-west course would strike the head spring of the most southwardly branch of Cumberland river, thence down said river, including all its waters, to the Ohio river; thence up that river. The most southwardly branch of the Cumberland, is the south fork running into the Cur. berland about 170 miles above Nashville. At Hopewell, the Cumberland river was treated as the soutern boundary referred to, by the deed to Henderson and Company: this, however, may have been inaccurate; the top of the ridge dividing the 'vaters of the Tennessee and Cumberland rivers- was the western boundary
claimed by the Cherokees; and it is not probable that they intended to retain the narrow strip of, land between the top of: the ridge anid the Cumberland river. That this ridge was the true western boundary before 1779, appears from the following facts :-
When the map was furnished at Hopewell, the sale to Henderson was disregarded and the original western boundary given, "cfrom the beginning of time," within the expression -used in the deed'to Henderson and Co. It was returned to the war-office of the United States, a copy of which is found, and was produced on behalf.of the complainant, in the American State Papers, (vol. i. page 40,) pub-

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

110

Porterfield v. Clark.

lished by the authority of Cbngress, edited by the secretary of the Senate and clerk of the House of -Representatives, and published in 1832. On this map. the Cherokees laid down their western limits, beginning at the mouth of Duck river, then to the ridge between the Cumberland and Tennessee rivers ; then down said- ridge to the Ohio, and up the same. At the treaty, Tassel, on behalf. of the ;Cherokees, said-"c- We will mark a line for the white people; 'we will begin at the ridge between the Tennessee and Cumberland, on the Ohio, and run along the same, till we gef round the white people .as youthinkproper. We will mark aline fJrom the mouth ofDuck-riverto the said line, and leave the remainder of the lands to the south and west of the lines to the Chickasaws." And according to this the Chickasaw limits to the eaM were recognised by the parties to the Cherokee treaty, in the absence of the Chickasaws. ,1 State-Papers,. 43.
In January, 1786; the Chickasaws made 'their appearance at the treaty-ground at Hopewell. They agreed on the lines, from the mouth of Duck river to the ridge,; ad then with it to the Ohio, as the boundary between themselves and the whites, (1 State Papers, 57;) and to which, the treaty made with em, 'on the 10th of Januay, 1.786, corresponded. It does not, appear any of the Cherokees were present.
In August, 1792, Win. Blount, .governor of the south-western territory, and superintendent of Indian affairs, for the southern district, and General Pickens, met the Chickasaws, Choctaws, and Cherokees, represented by chiefs, at Washville, by. order of the United States, for the purpose of securing .friendly relations with these tribes. Every Chickasaw chief was there except three.. John Thompson, interpreter,, .nd' two chiefs attended -on part of the. Cherokees. 1 State Paliers, 284. General Pickehs had been one of the comrrissioners on part of the United States at Holewell; and Gov. Blount the agent at said treaty for North Carolina, and a witness to it. Piomingo fpr the Chickasaws handed a letter from President Washington, which he had received by Mr. Doughty-, and a map of the country made at Hopewell, showing the line established by the treaty; the map being opened and explained, Wolf's friend said- the line between the Chickasaw and the United States was right, The map being worn
and old, a copy was made, and furnished td the Indians. Piomingo then said,--c" I will describe the boundaries of our land;
it begins on the Ohio, at the ridge which divides the waters of Tennessee and Cumberland, and extends with that ridge, eastwardly as

I20

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

far as the most eastern waters of Elk river; then south, &c., crossing the Tennessee river at the Chickasaw old field." This is opposite the heads of Elk.
Piomingo then addressed the Cherokees, and said: cc At the treaty of Holston, (1791,) I am told the Cherokees claimed all Duck river. I wiint to know if it is -o ?"
Nontuaka, for, the Cherokees, replied: " It is true. I told the President so, and coming from himj told my nation so. I never knew before the present, that, our people divided land and- made lines like the. white people."
Piomingo replied: .- I am fhe man who laid eff the boundary on that map; and'to 'save my own land, I made it plain: I know the fondness of the Cherokees to sell land." Nontuaka replied: "As to the boundary I do not look at it. The President advised us to let one -line serve for the four nations; he would never ask for any more land south of it, nor suffer others; and all the hunting-ground within .said boundary should be for the four nations."
-To this the Chickasaw chief replied: -c By marking my boundary, I did not mean to exclude other nations from the benefit of hunting on my lands. I knew the Cherokees had often pretended to take the whites by the hand, but instead of doing it in good faith, they are always sharpening their knives against them. I feared the -whites, in retaliation, would fall on the Cherokees, and they might take my land, supposing it belonged to the Cherokees: for this reason I have marked'it. 1 The Chickasaws then promised to furnish the Cherokees with a copy of their map; and this was aftei'wards done.
John Thompson then said: "cWe, (the Cherokees,) do not find fault with the line between the white people and the ChickasawsY nor with the plare where the Chickasaw's line crosses the Tennessee; Nut I have not before been so fully informed of the claim- of the Chickasaws." 1 State Papers, 286. *In regard to the line on the ridge, from the Cherokee comer north, to the. Ohio, in our opinion, it may be safely affirmed, that so far as the contracts, treaties, and' admissions of the Cherokees furnish evidence as part of the history of the country, the lands west of that line: belonged to .the Chickasaws in 1779, when the Virgr'a. landlaw was.passed; and that this is confirmed in a remarkable degree, 'hy the treaty. of Hopewell with the Chickasaws, and the intercourse had with them-respecting that line, ,then, and afterwards.
That Virginii so understood it, can hardly be doubted. In the

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

121

Porterfield v. Clark.

-winter of 1779-80, Walker's line was run, establishing the boundary

between Virginia and North Carolina; it -as marked to the Ten-

nessee river, and the latitude of 36.30 north taken on the Mississippi

river, the history of it.will be seen'in the case of Pleeger v. Pool,

11 Peters, 185. This led to the discovery that the southern boundary

of Virginia ran much further north than she.had apprehended. The

officers and soldiers had had assigned to their exclusive -appropria-

tion the lands south, of Green river acquired by the deed of Hender-

son and Company; a great portion of the best part supposed to be-

long to Virginia before Walker's line was run, having fallen south

of that line, the act of 1781, after reciting the fabt, declared: that

all that tract of land included within the rivers Mississippi, Ohio, Ten-

nessee, and the Carolina boundary-line, shall be and the .same is

hereby substituted, in lied of such lands so -lien into the said state

of North Carolina, to be claimed in the same manner by thb officers

and soldiers as the lands south of Green river: ind the act pre~cribes

the mode of lpcating them. - By virtue of.this law Porterfield's entries

were made. Four years before the act. of 1781 'was.-passed, the

Long Island treaty. of 1777, had been made with the Cherokees by

Virginia; it waA in full force in 1781, when the military claimapits

were let in td locate on the country. When we consider the strong

terms of protection imposed on Virginia by the treaty; the integrity

and elevation of character of it people; the danger of resentment on

part of the Indians; and it is hardly possible to believe-that so gross

an infraction of the treaty was intended, as the appropriation of the

country in question necessarily involved.

With the Chickasaws, at that day, Virginia had not.had any inter-

course ; these lands lay far off from the residence of the Chickasaws,

and were mere hunting-grounds. Virginia might not have kiiown,

and we suppose did"not know to any degree of certainty; that 'they

belonged to this tribe, or what Indians claimed them, either in 1779

or 1181. But w6 repeat: one thing is certain, that Virginia treated

the lands 'as subject to appropriation in 1781 ; -which she could not

have donfd without forfeiting her .honour, and breaking her treaty,

had they been Qherokee lands; and we feel great confidence she

intended to do neither.- The treaty of 17-77, was equally in force in

1781, as in 1779.

The opinion of the Court of Appeals in i791, is conclusive to the

point-hat if the land in dispute was not-Cherokee-country, it was

not within th exception of 'the land-law of 1719; and that Clark's

VOL. M.-16

L

"

SUPREME COURT.
Porterfield v. Clark.
title is good, as all the lands in the commonwealth not excepted, were subject to appropriation on Treasury warrants, although claimed by Indians whose lands were not protected from location by statute.
It is next insisted, that as there was no other c untry in Virginia belonging to any tribe of Indians in the west, the reservation must have referred to that west of Tennessee river. However imposing this argument may. seem, it is easily explained, when we recollect that in 1779 it was unknown where the southern boundary of Virginia was. The question is, what limits did she assume as hers at ,that time? The 'Long Island treaty-line of 1777, ran down the Holston to the mouth of Cloud's creek, and then to a point below Cumberland gap. Up to these boundaries the Virginians had settled; and west of it they were prohibited from going; the country for half a degree south of Walker's line was in the possession of Virginia; she had Fort.Henry there, and governed" it. Lands were located and enjoyed under her laws south of Walker's line, east of the line' running from the mouth of Cloud's creek to the mountain; and had. the Cherokee country west of. the line not been excepted fo locafibn,. her people woula have broken the treaty and obtruded on the Cherokees After the deed of Henderson and Company had been treated, as a valid cession to the state, this was the only definite and established linelefrbetween the parties; and the protection of which, excited great- anxiety on part of the Indians, as plainly appears by the tro.aty; it is therefore manifest, the exception in the land-law had reference mainly to this line, in support of the treaty as the standing law between the parties to it.
The argument is founded on the fact, that the entire line from the Holston, to Cumberland gap, fell to North Carolina; as Walker's line runs through the gap, and north of the high point at which the line terminates; but for the riasons stated, it proves nothing, when explained by the mistake undor which Virginia labo.ured in regaed to her southern boundary, before Walker's line was ran. Had the legislature declared no location should be made west of the Cherokee line;then there would be no difficulty in saying what line was meant; as there was then no Tecognised Cherokee line in the assumed limits of Virginia but the one from Holston river to the mountain. It ir therefore almost as bertain huis was-the line alluded toin .the.exception of the act of -1779, as -if the tegislatur ha-d said so.
'To, prove that the Cherokees did own ihe c.,:.r_,y west of Tennessee river near its.mouth, the dep'osition .of.Peter Fvrce is -intro-

JANUARY TERM, . 1844.

.123

Porterfield v. Clark.

duced on part of the omplainant. The witness expresses it 2s his opinion that the land in dispute in 17"79 belonged.-to the Cherokees: This opinion is founded on books, maps, treaties, and other papers, in his possession, and supposed by him to be authentic, vhich for mhny years he had been collecting as connected with the history of the United States, from the settlenent of the colonies to the adoption of the federal constituti6n; pursuant to a contract made in 1833 with the secretary of -state, under the authority of an act of Congress for the publication of these papers. A portion of them are given; and among the humber different -maps of the country wes of the Alleghany mountains, including the country on the rivers Ohio, Tennessee, and Mississippi, from about the thirty-fourth degree'to -about the thirty-eighth of north latitude.
Most of these maps have statements on them that the country west of Tennessee river was Cherokee land-"c country, ofthe Cherokees,". &c., being marked on the maps. They were published at.different periods previous to the Revolution; the most- respectable of them, that of Mitchell, in 1755. The physical geography of .t.he country was obviously little understood, as the maps are very imperfect, and no authority for this purpose" at the present day, where any degree of accuracy is required. The only'documentary evidence pr6ducad by Mr. Force to show the residence of the Cherokees is found in the -report in the proceedings to the British government, of Sir Alexander Cuming, who visited the Cherokees in the spring of 1730, obtained. their submission to the crown, and took to England some of their chiefs, to ratify a treity there with the lords -commissioners of trade and plantations. This treaty describes no boundaries, but is olne of amity, and contains stipulations that the Cherokees in -fiture shall be subjectto the sovereignty of the British crown. Sir-Alexander visited the Indian towns on the Keowee where the treaty of Hopewell was made, and 'went north to Tellico where the king M6ytoy residdd, and -gothis submission, and the surrender of his crown. This town Tellico-was near the Tennessee river, where it first takes the -name; and is in what is now Monroe 'county, Tennessee, more than 300 miles from the land in dispute. It continued to be an Indian t6wn" until the treaty of 18.19, when the Cher6kees extinguished their fitle to the country there.
In January, 1793, Governor Blount, the superintendent of Indian affairs in a letter to the secretary of war. gives an account of theplaces of residence of the Cherokees at the beginning, aid previous

124

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

to the Revolution. He says they lvd in towns either on the head -waters of.the Savannah river, (Keowee and Tugeloi) or on the Tennessee above the mouth of Holston. He then proceed&to prove that the lands sold to Henderson and Company did not belong to the Cherokees; and also, that the lands-formerly sold by them to Henderson and Company, lying on the Cumberlandi.belonged to the Chickasaws, that the Cherokees had only sold their right to them as a common hunting-ground, and that Virginia had previously pur-
chased them from the northern Indians. And if he is not mistaken, in his representation of the facts and admissions of the Cherokees, stated in his letters of November, 1792, and January, 1793, he does prove, that to the lands sold to Henderson and Company, north of Cumberland river, the Cherokees had no title when, they made the
deed; and that they so admitted; and that the lands ceded by them south of that river by the treaty of Hopewell belonged to the Chickasaws; or at least that this tribe had a better founded claim to them than the Cherokees. Copies of 'the letters are found -in the State
Papers, vol. i. pp. 325, 431."
We think that not much reliance can be placed on any thing contained in Mr. Force's deposition: And that the conclusion Governor
Blount formed, is contrary to what Virginia admitted by the treaties of Hard Labor, and Lochaber, and; by taking title under the deed of Henderson and Company: this deed is in conformity to the foregoing British treaties made with the Cherokees previous to the Revolution, and especially that-of 1'770, of Lochaber.; according to which, the eastern Cherokee line in Virginia -was established from a poirit six miles above the Long Island in Holston; thence through Cum-
berland gap, to the head of Kentucky river, and down the same to the Ohio. Virginia never set up any assumptions to the contrary of this being th6 true line as run by Col. Donelson; by whose name it
was known. Nor could the United States be heard to disavow the Cherokee title recognised by the treaty 'of Hopewell to the lands lying south of Cuimberland river, and recognised as theirs by that
-reaty.
And in this connection, we take occasion to say, nothing.short of the clearest proof, would induce this court, after the lapse of nearly' sixty years, to hold otherwise, than that the Chickasaw line, established by the treaty of Hopewell, from the Cherokee comer, to the Ohio river, was conclusive, that it was the true line of that people, anterior to any date, known to Virginia as a commonwealth.- As to

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

125

P'orterfield v. Clark.

the United States it was assuredly conclusive; the treaty not being one of cession: And as to the Cherokees, acquiescence from 1785 to 1819, when the United States acquired the Chickasaw title, it ought to conclude them, unless their superior title was plainly and conclusively proved ; and the delay in not asserting it aceounted for ina satisfactory manner: The same proof is required of the com-
plainant; in which we think he has altogether failed. The defendants proved themselves to have been more than seven
years inpossession under CItrk's patent before the suit was brought, and therefore rely on the statute of limitations of Kentucky as a defence.
The statute in terms bars suits in equity as well as actions-at law where seyen, years adverse possession has been held. This court pronounced it no violation of the compact between'Virginia and Kentucky in 'the cas6 of Hawkins v. Barney, 5 Peters, 458. And so JZentucky has often held. It applies to suits.where the plainiff claims under a patent, survey, or entry, against an adverse title set up under another patent, survey, or entry. The defendant's title must be connected, and deducible of record from the commonwealth; which means a connected title when tested by its own derivation. On this the bar may be founded, although it be the younger, and void, when contrasted with the plaintiff'selder patent. Skyles v. I~ng, 2 Alex. Marshall's R. 387. But the statute- does not bar a legislative grant, 3 Monroe's R. 161, and it is insisted fdr the complainant the acts of Virginia vested in the officers and soldiers an equita.
ble title; which was anterior to Porterfield's entries and fatents, and independent 6f them on which the bill can be sustained, and therefore no bar can be interposed.* Thi rule in this court is settled, that
each state has the right to construe its own statutes; and especily those baring titles. In the case of Greena v. Neal, .6 Peters, 291, it was held that this court uniformly adopted the decisions of the state tribunals,'respectively in constructing their statutes; that this was done as a matter of principle, in all cases where the decisions of the state court has become a rule of property.. This rule. was adopted in Hrpending v. The Dutch Church, and has been in many other cases, 16 Peters, 439, and cannot be departed from. The land-law's offVirginia are just as much the laws of Kbntucky, as they were the laws of Virginia in tfit,country betore the separation. By the deci-sions of the- Court of Appeals of Kentucky it is settledi and has not been open to question for many years, that an-entry was required-to
L 2

126

SUPREME COURT.

Porterfield v. Clark.

give title on a military warrant in the military district; and that all the specialty, &c.) to give it-validity, was imposed on the enterer, as if it 4'd been,made on a Treasury warrant; each being governed by the -provisions of'the act of 1779. Mclhenney v. Biggerstaff, 3 Littel's.R. 161. This ,form was pursued by Porterfield, and was the only means by which he cduld acquire an individual title that could be enforced in a eourt of justice-; although he had a common interest in,the lands pledged for the satisfaction'of his claim, that could be made 'available through 'the medium of'the land-office. ,His claim, as set forthkin the bill, 'was, ther~fore, subject to be barred: By the proof it is barred; and for this reason also the bill must be dismissed.,
-Asitwas urged on part of the complainantwith mdtch earnestness that the act of 1809, was' never inthnded to apply to the land in dispute, then covered, by the, Chickasaw title,- and protected' by the treaty of Iopewell, it is demed proper to express briefly our opinion on the ground'assumed. George R. Clark had.mortgaged the land. long before the treaty of 1819 was made; therefore it'was subject to salebefore the Indian title 'to occupancy was extinguished: so the caveat suit was decided" first in Virginia in 1791i,and ultimately in 'Kentucky in 1793, after the treaty of Hopewell, therefore the title could be litigated. In1795, a patent- issued to Clark pursuant to a statute of Kentucky of the previous year, general in its. terms: It follows the land-laws extended to the country, so far as the inhibi-, tions of the treaty would jermit,.or the patent could not have issued.
Kentucky legislated for her entire territory, subject to the restrictions imposed by the treaty; which that, state recognised as the paramount law until its restrictions were removed by the treaty of cession; when the act of 1809, and all the other laws of Kentucky had" effect west of Tennessee river, and operated alike in all parts of the state,
. For 'the foregoing reasons the decree of the Circuit Court dismissing the bill, is 'ordered to be affirmed.
ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from ,the Circuit Cburt bf the United States for the District of Kentucky, and was argued by counsel. On congideration whereof, It is how here ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and, the same is hexeby affirmed, with',cos'ts.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

619

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

direct the enforcement of said judgment, according to the laws regulating the remedy when said judgment was entered and the contract made. Wheredpon, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that it be so certified to the judges of the said Circuit Court.

EDMUND P. GAiNEs AND WiFE V. BE-vRLY CHEW, RicHARD RELF, AND
OTHERS.
It,is impossible to lay down any general rule as to what con'stitutes multifariousness in a bill in equity. Every case must be governed by its own circumstances, and the court must exercise a sound discretion.
A bill filed against the executors of an estate and allthose who purchased from them, is nbt, upon that account alone, multifarious.
Under the Louisiana law, the Court of Probate has exclusive jurisdiction in the proof of wills; which includes those disposing of real as well as personal estate.
In England, equity will not set aside a will for fraud and imposition, relief being obtainable in other courts.
Although by the general law, as well as the local law of Louisiana, a will must be proved before a title can be set up under it, yet a court of equity can so far exercise jurisdiction as to compel defendants to answer, touching a will alleged to be spoliated. And. it is a matter for grave consideration, whether it cannot go further and set tip the lost will.
Where the heir at -law assails the validity of the will, by bringing his action against the devisee or'legatee who sets up the will as his title, the District 'Courts of Louisiana are the proper tribunals, and the powers of a Court of Chancery are necessary, in order to discover frauds which are 'within the knowledge of the defendants.
Express trusts are abolished in Louisiana by tme law of that state, but that implied trust, which is the creature of equity, has not been abr9gated.
The exercise of chancery jurisdiction by the Circuit Court of the United States, sitting in Louisiana, does not introduce any new or foreign, principle. It is only a change of the mode of redressing wrongs and protecting rights.
Tns case was a sequel to that which came before the court twice before, and is reported in 13 Peters, 404, and 15 Peters, 9.
It came up again ftoin the Circuit Court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana, sitting as a court of equity, on a certificate of a division of opinion in that court; upon the three fol lowing questions:

620

SUPREME COURT.

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

1. Is the bill multifarious? -and have the complainants a right to sue the.defendants jointly in this case*?
2. Can the bourt entertain jurisdiction of this case without probate of the will set up by the complainants, and which they charge to have been destroyed or suppressed ?
3. Has the court jurisdiction of this case? or does it belong exclu-
sively to a court of law. The case was this, as set forth by the complainant; the defendant
not yet having answered the bill. It is stated with some particularity, because the counsel for the
complainants dwelt strongly upon the injustice that would follow if such a case (supposed in the argument to be admitted by the demurrer) should prove remediless-in a court of chancery. It is proper to refer to the report of the argument of the counsel for the, defendants, inwhich he affirmed that the important facts alleged to exist by the complainant would be denied and disproved, if the court should be of opinion that the cause should go on. Some of the circumstances mentioned came out upon cross-examination.
In the year 1796, there was a French family by the name of Carriere,,residing iffNew Orleans. One of the daughters was named Zuline, and about sixteen years of age. A person by the name of De Grange, came there and married her; they, continued to five together for several years, until about the year 1800, -when it was reported that.De'Grange had another wife living. A separation took place between him and Zuline. In '1802, she went to-New York (where it was-said De Grange's former marriage had been celebrated) to obtain proof of it; but the registry of marriages having been destroyed, the proof was not obtained. She then went to Philadel'phia, where Mr. Gardette was living,-who- Was one of the witnesses of the prior marriage, -and confirmed it. '"Whilst"she was there, she had a daughter, to whom the name of Caroline wfs given, and who is the same person spoken 'of in the proceedings in this suit, 'by the name.of Caroline Barnep. Clark treated her as his child, and after-
wards pla~ed her to live with his mother. In 1803, De Grange'6 first wife,came from France to N6w Orleans,
and he' being there also, was, seized and -posecuted for bigamy.
He was arrested and thrown into prison, but effected his escape, and never afterwards, returned. Clark was married to Zuline in Phila-
delphia%in the same y~ar, but required. the marriage to be kept secret

JANUARY TERM, ,1844.

621

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et a].

until judicial proof could be obtained of the nullity of her marriage

with De Grange.

In 1805, Clark having returned to New Orleans and established

Zuline in a separate establishment from his own, the commercial firm

of Davis and Harper was formed, and rested almost entirely upon the

credit furnished by Clark. In 1806, Zuline was about to give birth to

another child, and, at the instance of Clark, arrangements were made

by Davis for its being received into his (Davis's) family. It pr~ved

to be a daughter, and was called Myra. She was suckled by Mrs.

Harper, wiho put out an infant of he own to enable her to do so.

Clark treated her as his daughter, furnished her with 'expensive

clothing and playthings, and purchased a servant for her use.

Shortly afterwards, Clark became a member of Congress, and was

absent from New Orleans for a considerable length of time. During

his absence, a report reached New Orleans, that he was about to con-

tract a marriage at the north, and Zuline, whose feelings were fretted'

and irritated by his refusal-to promulgate their marriage, s0led for

Philadelphia, to obtain the legal proofs of her own marriage. When

she arrived there, she was told that the priest who had performed the

ceremony, was gone to Ireland. Being informed by counsel, whom

she consulted, that she would not be able to establish the validity

of her marriage, she determined to have no further communication

with Mr. Clark, and soon afterwards married Mr. Gardette, of Phila-

delphia.

Clark returned to New Orleans. In 1811, being about to visit

Philadelphia on a special emergency, he made a provisional will, as

follows:

I Daniel Clark. In the name of God: I, Daniel Clark, of New

Orleans, do make this my last will and testament.

Inprimis. I order that all my just debts be paid.

Second. I leave id -bequeath unto' my mother, Mary Clark, now

of Germantown, in the ptate of Pennsylvania, all the estate, whether

real or personal, -which I may die possessed of.

Third. I hereby nominate my friend, Rinhard Relf and Beverly

Chew, Amy executors, with power to settle'every thing relating to my

estate.

'6 varietur. New Orleans, 20th May, 1811.

Signed

J. PITOT, Judge.

DANIEL CLArx.

622

SUPREME COURT.

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

About the time of executing this will, he conveyed to Joseph Belle-chasse about fifty lots in the city of New Orleans, in the suburbs or fauxbourg St. ,John's, near the bayou of that name, in fee-simple, with the confidential understanding that they were to remain under his control 'for the use and benefit of his daughter Myra.
On the 27th of May, 1811, Clark, being so far upon his voyage, wrote to his friend Mr. Davis, the following letter.

Dear Sir :-We are preparing to put to sea, and I hope I shall

have a pleasant passage, my stay will be but short in Philadelphia,

unless a forced one. In case of any misfortune to me, be pleased to.

deliver the enclosed to General Hampton; I count on him as a man

of honour to pay the amount of notes mentioned in my letter to him,

which in that case you will dispose of as I have'directed. It will

naturally strike you that the letter to the general is to be delivered

only in case of misfortune to me, rem amber me kindly to Mrs. Davis

and, all your famil-.

Yours,

Signed

DAIEL CLARK.

P. S. Of the enclosed letter you will say

unless in case of

accident, when you may communicate it to Chew and Relf.

S. 13. Davis.

The direction alluded to in the above, was to place the amount of the notes to the best advantage for his daughter Myra's interest. Having arrived safely at Philadelphia and remained there until July, he addressed the following letter to Mr. Davis, on the eve ofhis sailing for New Orleans, on his return.

Philadelphia,12th July, 1811.

My dear Sir :-In case of any accident or misfortune to me, be

pleased to open the letter addressed to me, which accompanies this,

and act with respect to the enclosures as I directed you with respect

to the other affairs committed to your charge before .leaving New

Orleans. To account in a satisfacto~,y manner to the person com-

mitted to your honour, will, I flatter mys-lf, be done by you when she

is able to manage her own afflairs; until when, I commit her under

*God to your'protection. I expect to sail to-morrow for New Orleans

in the ship Ohio, and do not wish to risk these papers at sea.

Yours,

Signed

DANIEL CLARK.

S.-B. Davis. Esq.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

623

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

Upon Clark's safe arrival in New Orleans, Davis returned to him the package enclosed in the above letter, aid also the letter addressed to General Hampton in the letter which he had written from the. Balize.
Upon Clark's return, Bellechasse also offered t6 reconvey the lots, which Clark declined, and Bellechasse continued to hold them until Clark's death, when he conveyed them in equal portions to Myra and Caroline,,being influenced to include the latter by the representations of some of Clark's friends.
In 1812, Davis removed to the north with his Exaily, carrying with him Myra, who passed .for his daughter, and bore his name. He had then in his hands funds of Clark to the amount of $2,360, the interest of which, by arrangement between .them, was to be applied towards her educr don.
In 1813, Clark died. It was alleged,.that before his death he made an olographic will, leaving the bulk of his fortune to his daughter Myra. The circumstances under which he is represented to have made it, are thus detailed by some of the witnesses.
Dusuau de la Croix says, "that he was very intimate with the late Daniel Clark for a great many years, and up to the time of his death; that somt. few months previous to-the death of Daniel Clark, he visited deponent on his plantation, and expressed a wish that he, deponent, should become his executor; deponent at first refused, but after a litt, from the persuasion of said Clark, he consented to become his executor; that in this conversation, Clark spoke of a young female then in the family of Captain Davis, named Myra, that said Clark expressed a wish that deponent should become tutor to this female, and that she should be sent to France for her education, and that Mr. Clark would leave her a sufficient fortune to do away with the stain of her birth; that a month or two after this conversation at the plantation of deponent, he, deponent, called to see Clark at his house on the Bayou road, he there found him in his cabinet, and had just-sealed up a packet, the superscription of which was as follows: 'pQur etre ouvert en cas de mort.' Clark threw it down in the presence of deponent, and told him that it contained his last will and some other papers which would be of service ; deponent did not see the will, nor does he know any thing about its contents, he only saw the packet with the superscription on it as before related."

624

S'UPREME COURT.

(aineg et ux. V. Chew et al.

Bellechasse says: "'A very short time before the sickness that ended in his death, he, Clark, conversed with us about his said daughter Myra in the paternal and affectionate terms as theretofore. He told us that he had completed and finished his last will. He, Clark, therefore, took from a small black case his said last will, and gave it open to me and Judgq Pitot to look at and 6xamine. It was wholly written in the handwriting of said Daniel Clark, and it was 'dated and signed by the said Clark in his own handwriting. Pitot, de ]a Croix, and myself were the executors named in it, and in it the said Myra was declared to be his legitimate daughter, and the heiress of all his estate. Some short time afterwards I called to see him, Clark, and learned from said Reif that the said Clark was sidk ik bed, too sick to be seen by me; however I, indignant at an attempt to prevent me fr6m seeing my friend, pressed forward into his room. He, said Clark, took him by the hand, and with affectionate reprehension said, ' How is it, Bellechasse, that you have not come to see me before since my sickness? I told Relf to send for you.' My answer was, that I had rec'eived no such -message or account whatever of his sickness from Relf. I said further, ' My friend, you know that on various occasions I have been your. physician, and on this occasion I wish to be so again.' He lboked at me and squeezed my hand. Fearful of oppressing him, I retired, and told Relf that I would remain to"attend occasionally to Clark. Relf said there was no occasion for it, that the doctor or doctors had ordered that he, Clark, should be kept as quiet. as possible, and not be allowed to talk: I expressed apprehension for the situation of Clark, but Relf expressed a diffient opinion; and on his, Relf, promising to send for me ifthere should appear to be any danger, I departed. On the next day, without receiving any message from Reif, I went and found Clark dead."
Mrs. Harper. (afterwards Mrs., Smyth) says: "In 181.3, some few months. before Mr. Clark's death, he told me he felt he ought no longr todefer securing his estate to his daughter Myra by a last will.
"INear this period, he stopped one day at my house, and said to me he was on his way to the plantation of Chevalier de lh Croix, for the purpose of requ'esting him to be named in his will one of his executors, and futor t6 his daughter Myra. On his. return, he told me wiah much apparent gratification that De la Croix had consented to serve, and that Judge Pitot and Col. Belleehasse had consented to

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

625

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

be the other executors. About this time he told me he had com-

menced making his last will. Between this period and the time he

br6ught his last will to my house, Mr. Clark spoke very often of

being enga~gd in making his last will; he always spoke of it in con-

nection with his only and beloved daughter Myra; said he was

making -it for her sake, to make her his sole heiress, and to insure

her being educated according to his wishes. At the times Mr. Clark

spoke of being engaged in making his last will, he told ihe over and

over again, what would constitute its contents; that he should in it

acknowledge the said Myra as his legitimate.aughter, and bequeath

all his estate to her, but direct that.. an annuity of $2000 a year

should be paid his mother during her life, and an annuity of $500 a

year to a young female.at the north of the United States, named

Caroline De Grange, till her majority; then it was to cease, and

$5000 dollars were to be paid -her as a legacy, and that he would

direct that one year after the settlement of his estate $5000 should

be paid to a son of Judge Pitot, of New Orleans, as a legacy; at the

same peripd $5000 as a legacy to a son of. Mr. Du Buys, of New

Orleans; that.his slave Lubin was to be freed, and a maintenance

provided for him. In his conversations respecting his being engaged

in making his last will, he talked a good deal about the plan of edu-

cation to be laid down in his will for his daughter Myra; he expressed

frequently his satisfaction that the Chevalier de la Croix would be

the tutor in his will; he often spoke with earnestness of" the moral

benefit to his daughter Myra from being acknowledged by him in his

last will as his-legitimate daughter, and he often spoke of the happi-

ness it would give his mother; he expressed the most extravagant

pride and ambition for her, he would frequently use the emphatic

lnguage, that he was making her a bill of rights; he mentioned at

these times, that this would contain a complete inventory of all his

estate, and explanations of"all his business, so as both to render the

.administration on his estate- plain and easy to his friends, Chevalier

de ]a Croix, Judge Pitot, and Col. Bellechasse, and as a safeguard

to. his estate, in case he should not live long enough to dissolve and

adjpst all -his pecuniary relations with others. About four weeks

before his death, Mr. Clark brought this will to my house; as he

came in, he said, 'Now my will is finished.' my estate is secured to

Myra beyond human contingency, ' now if I die to-morrow, she will

go forth to society, to my relations, to my mother, acknowledged by

V6L. 1I.-79

3 G

626

SUPREME COURT.

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

me, in my last will, as my legitimate daughter, and will be educated according to my minutest wishes, under the superintendence of the Chevalier de la Croix, and her interests will be under the care of Chevalier .de la Croix, Judge Pitot, and Col. Beilechasse; here is the charter of her 'rights, it is now completely finished, and I have brought it to you to read ;' he left it in my possession until the next day, I read it deliberately from beginning to end. In this will, Mr., Clark acknowledged Myra Clark as'his legitimate daughter and only heir, designating her as then living in the family of S. B. Davis; Mfr. Clark in this will bequeatbed allihis estate to the said Myra, but directed that an annuity of $2000 should be paid to his mother during her (his mother's) life, and an annuity of $500 should be paid to Caroline De Grange, till she arrived at majority, when the annuity was to cease, and $5000 were to be paid her as a legacy. He di.rected that one year after his estate was settled, $5000 should be paid as a legacy to a son of Judge Pilot, of New Orleans; and that one year after his estate was settled $5000 should be paid as a legacy to a son of Mr. Du Buys, of New Orleans; he provided for the freedom and maintenance of his slave Lubin; he appointed Mr. Dusuau de la Croix tutor to his daughter Myra; he gave very extensive instructions in regard to her education; this will contained an inventory of his estate, and explanations of his business relations; he appointed Mr. Dusuau de la Croix, James Pitot, and D. D. Bel-' lechasse, executors; the whole of this will was in Mr. Clark's handwriting; it was dated in July, 1813, and was signed by him; it was an olographic will; it was dated in July, 1813, and was signed by him; I was well acquainted with said Clark's handwriting. The last time Mr. Clark spoke to me about his daughter and his last will, was on the day he came out for the last time (as far as I know) from his house, which was the lasi time I saw him; he came to my house at noon, complained of feeling unwell, asked leave to have prepared fof him a bowl of tea; he made his visit of about two hours' duration, talking the whole time of his daughter Myra, and his last will; he said a burden of solicitude was removed from his mind from the time he had secured to her his estate beyond accident, by'finisbing his last will; he dwelt upon the moral benefit to her in society from being acknowledged by him in his last will as his legitimate daughter; he talked about .her education, said it would -be the gteatest boon-from his God to live to bring her up, but what was next to

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

627

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et aL

that were his comprehensive instructions in his will in regard to her education, anal her being committed to the care of the Chevalier de la Croix, who would be a parent to her.
After Clark's death, the will of 1811 was presented to the Court of Probate, and proved ; letters testamentary were issued to the executors; a power of attorney was given to them by Mr. Clark's mother, and various pieces of property were sold Under'it and under the will.
In"1832, Myra married William Wallace Whitney, and about the time of her marriage became acquainted with her true name and parentage; and in 1836 filed a joint bill, with her husband, in the Circuit Court of the* United St; tes for the district of Louisiana against Relf and Clhew, the-execators in the will cf 1811, the heirs of Mary Clark, and all the purchasers and occupants of the estate of .which Clark died in possession, claiming to be the heir and devisee of Clark, and calling upon them all to account for the rents and profits of the several portions of the estate. The bill charged that the will of 1813 was fraudulently. suppressed, that its existence and suppression were notorious, and that all the purchasers-did, in theirconsciences; believe that the will of 1811 had been fraudulently admitted to probate. In addition to the prayer for an account, it prayed for general relief.
In the progress of the suit, Whitney having died, Edmund P. Gaines, sorhetime afterwards,'married the widow and became a party to the suit.
The defendants all demurred, but filed separate demurrers.
Barnes and wife demurred upon six grounds: 1. The want of equity in the bill. 2: That there existed a complete remedy at law. 3. Multifariousness and misjoinder. 4. That the will of 1813 was not probated. 5. That forced heirship gave title to but one-third, which was
recoverable at law. 6: That the New Orleans and Carrollton Rail-road Company,
with whom they were conjoined, was not shown to be a corporation. 'Chew and Relf demurred generally, and also pleaded to the juris-
diction of the court. Upon the argument of the demurrers, the three questions arose
which are mentioned at the commencement of this statement, and

628

SUPREME COURT.

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et aL

upon which the court were divided. These questions were the subject for consideration by this court.

Henderson, Coxe, and Barton(leave having been obtained for three counsel to address the court on the same side) for the defendants below, who had demurred.
. Johnson and Jones, for Gaines and wife.

Henderson. As to the 1st point. Is the bill multifarious? If the interests of the defendants are distinct, it is unlawful to make them join in the
defence. [The counsel here examined their relative interests.] 2. Can the court entertain jurisdiction without a probate of the
will ? Some of the parties are aliens, living in England and Ireland.
How can they be brought into court? Yet they must be, because they are all interested in the will of 1811. The. equity power of this court is limited by the Constitution and Judiciary act to the usual powers of the English chancery; but it cannot possess all those powers, because our institutions are different. If the chancery power of England could not reach a state court, this cannot. Its powers must be uniform. If a state strips its courts of jurisdiction over mortgages, for example,.this court must part with the power too. 4 Wheat., 115, 180.
Local laws cannot confer jurisdiction on the courts of the United States. 11 Peters, 184. The states may prescribe rules of proceeding, but not jurisdiction. 9 Peters, 632; 13 Peters, 259. The powers of this court cannot exceed or even come up to those of the English chancery. In England there is a distinction in chhncery between real and personal property. It will entertain a bill to esiablish a will, when repeated decisions have been made about it, which is.called a bill of peace. But the chancellor does not decide a will without referring it to a jury. This is the measure of the power of this court; it cannot go further. But cdin it go this far? The probate courts of Louisiana have the exclusive power of establishing wills as to personal property. Why not real also? In England the probate courts have not the power, and,, therefore, the chancellor comes in. The decision of a probate court is final as to

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

629

Gaines et uix. v. Chew et al.

real as -well as personal estate. 2 Vernon, 9, 76, 441; 2 Atkyns,

324, 334.

The court cannot set aside a -will by decree. In this case, the

court must clash with the Probate Court, because it must revoke the

probate of the will of 1811, before'that of 1813 can be established.

The prayer of the bill here is to carry into effect the will of 1813, to

do which, this -court must first take probate of. it, and then execute

its provisions. No case in the books goes as far as this.

While a probate stands; it is not examinable in chancery. 2 Ver-

non, 9.

Where personal estate is concerned, chancery declines to interfere.

2 Vernon, 76, 441.

A probate is conclusive until repealed. 1 Strange, 670,673, 408;

1 Lord Ray. 262, 3 T. R. 129; 4 T. R. 159. "

That jurisdiction over wills belongs exclusively to those courts

which represent the ecclesiastical courts of England. See 12 Wheat.

375; 0 Peters, 176; 2 Harris and Gill, 49, 51 ; 3 Devereux,

341; 1 Nott and McCord, 327; 3 Leigh, 817, 819, 32; 3 Davy's

Rep. 326; 3 Littell, 275; 1 Story's Rep. 525, 503; 3 Missouri

Rep. 245; 6 Miss. Rep. 177; Walker's Rep. 323; 2 Howard Miss.

Rep. 35i ;.1 Louis. Rep. 51 ; 2 Louis. Rep. 250; 5 Louis. Rep. 393;

10 Louis. Rep. 595; 10 'Wheat. 469; 12 Wheat. 153.

In Lcuisiana, under their state law, courts of probate have exclu-

sive jurisdiction over wills. Civil Code, sect. 1637, 1650; Code of

Practice in ci'il cases, pages 924, 928, 936, 937.

The bill charges that the will of 1813 is suppressed or destroyed.

If it is suppressed, there is'power in those courts to reach'it. Code.

of Practice, &c., 604, 607, 608, 609, 611.

The power of chancery in England extends to cases of spoliation

of papers, but not to setting up a will of personalty. 1 Williams's

Executors, 209.

To the same point, see 1 Fillimpre's Reports, 153, 154; 4 Bibb,

553; 3 Porter, 53; 4 Missouri Rep. 210, 211.

It is the duty of the court to set up and establish lost wills. Civil

Code of Louisiana, 2248.

Spoliation of papers does not include a lost will of personal pro-

perty. 3 Atkyns, 360; 2 P. Wins. 748 ; -1 P. Wins. 723, 726.

This bill claims to set up a will of both real and personal

estate.

3 G2

630

SUPREME COURT.

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

Coxe, on the same side. The bill is unshilfully prepared. When demurred to, such a bill is often decided upon grounds which do not appear i.. the record. There are two grounds in this case.
1. The jurisdiction of the court.
2. The multifariousness of the bill. Myra claims to be the legitimate daughter and heir of Clark, and also under a will of 1813; and the bill is filed not only against the executors, but every one who is in possession of any part of the estate. But there is no allegation in the bill that any part of the real estate passed to the- holders under the will of 1811. It is said that Clark died seised ; but is silent whether this property was assets in the hands of the executors or not. It alleges that the executors conveyed the land, under a power of attorney, from Clark's mother. If the bill be true, then the possessors are merely tort-feisors, and this is not the remedy against them. All the English cases are those of devisees against heirs-the heir-at-law has a remedy at law. But the complainant here is undei peculiar difficulties on account of state legislation. The tendency in this country is to assimilate real with personal property, and in -ten states, courts of probate have jurisdiction over both species. These states have power over real estate, and over the jurisdiction of their courts. In Louisiana all trusts are abrogated. A cestui que trust cannot set up a title. Can this court say that any one shall hold land in trust there? Suppose that a devise of rear estate were forbidden; could this court recognise it? In Louisiana, a probate is essential, and the courts which have charge of it have .the same jurisdiction as a Court of Chancery in England. This court can neither revoke nor set up a will. If an executor sell property under a proved will, the title of the purchaser cannot be impeached, although the will be afterwards set aside for fraud. How*can .the Circuit Court in Louisiana revoke a proved will, when the English Court of Chancery will not? If the Court of Probate compels the executors to go on, the Circuit Court cannot grant an injunction to stop a state court from proceeding. The decree would therefore be impotent. Chancery will act upon the person, and compel the surrender of a papei, or the entry of satisfaction upon a fraudulent judgment; but in this case it would have to
act upon a court. The bill also prays that the declarations of Clark as to the legiti-

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

631

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et a].

macy of the complainant may be established. ]Under what branch of power is this, and how caa the court examine such a point? It also
prays that all the sales made by the executors maybe set aside. Butif any of these were made by order of a court, can they be set aside also ?

R. .ohnson, for Gaines and wife, complainants.
Is the bill multifarious ?. The demurrer admits the heiiship, the will of 1813, the charge that it was placed in the hands of two of the defendants, that they fraudulently destroyed it, and set up the will of 1811 ; admits also that the existence of the will of 1813 was notorioug, and the heirship of the complainant equally so. The argument admits all this, and asks the court to turn away the complainant, because parties are made defendants who ought not to be., The rule is within the sound discretion of the court, and designed to protect 7 the innocent. But if the facts alleged in the bill be tiue , (and the argument admits them,) it will be here made the means of shielding the guilty. In this case, we need not invoke the discretion of the court, because, according to the authorities, the bill is not multifarious either as to the interests involved, or the parties.
The complainant claims as heir and devisee of the whole estate, and theobject is, to have the title to the whole decreed to-be valid. The parties are the original parties to the fraud and their confederates, taking with notice of the fraud. The defendants all deny the title of the complainant, and have, therefore, a common object. The rule of chancery is that multiplicity of litigation is to be avoided; but if we were to establish the will in a suit against one, it would be good only as to that one, and each of the defendants would have to be'. separately sued. This is not the spirit of the rule. Whoever has an. interest to be bound, must be made a-party. Milford's Pleading, 181, 182; 1 Atkyns, 282; 1 Mylne and Craig, 603, 616. -
In Mylne and Craig it was said to be impossible to lay down an abstract proposition, as to what should constitute multifariousness. See also, 3 Price, 164; 2 Peters, 417; 4 Peters, 190.
If it be said that our remedy is at law, it is ad~iitting that we have a case. But equity will maintain a conpurrent jurisdiction where there isfraud, because it can sift the conscience and compel the,delivery of papers. If there is a fraudulent deed, equity strikes it down, never to rise again. If we had gone to law and'recovered the estate, complete justice would not have been done, because the will of 1811 ;

632

SUPREME COURT.

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

would have remained standing to defraud the living and injure the memory of the dead. Full and final relief is only fo be had in
chancery. If we had a probate of the will of 1813, it is admitted that we
could be relieved, and the question is, whether chancery, in England, could relieve without going through the forms of probate. Suppose the court in Louisiana has exclusive jurisdiction of probates, still the question is; whether the bill shows a case proper, for the Circuit Court. The demurrer admits that th6 will of 1813 has disappeared by the-fraudulent cotduct of the defendants, or that it remains in their possession and they refusje to produce it. Is there nothing here upon which the chancery power of this court can act? The Probate Court of Louisiiina has no power commensurate with the case. Its jurisdiction is given by statute. What is it?
It cdn take probate of wills in the manner directed, but the case of a s ippressed will is not provided far.
The power is gontained in Code of Practice, art. 924; but 925 says, it has no jurisdiction- except in cases enumerated in the preceding article. There-is authority given to open, receive, and record a will; but 'ibne to bring it out hen suppressed. See articles 928, 930, 931; 93 , 935, 936, 937.- By 937, if the notary or other lerson refuse to -produce it, he shall be arrested, and if he can give no good reason, shall be committed to prison and respond in damages. But a remedy in damages is utterly insuffcient in this case. We want the land and property. It is said that a copy can be evidence; but the civil couirt only makes evidence copies of such papers as are already recorded. The question before the court is, whether we can get on without a probate, which we cannot obtain; for the demurrer admits that the will is either suppressed or destroyed. We vant the only evidence which Vill enable us to obtain relief; the probate of the will of 1811 would be no obstacle. It must be shown, by the other side, that jurisdiction over the case is vested exclusively in some other court. But in England the case of a spoliated will falls within chancery powers. Lord Hardwicke said, in the case cited from 3 Atkyns, that he would, in such a case, hold an executor trustee for the dev isee. 3 Atkyns, 359
The other cases are, 1 Chan. Rep. 13, 66 ; 1 VernOn, 296 ; Prec. in Chan. 3, 123; 1 P. Wins. 287, 731'; 2 Vernon, 700 ; 1 Bro. Par. Ca. 250; 3"Bro. Par. Ca. 550.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

.633

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et. aL

These cases establish two propositions, 1. That a probate in England, obtained by fraiid, will be relieved
against in chancery. 2. That a probate for personalty and realty, obtained by fraud,
wil make the party a trustee for the person interested, leaving the probate to stand, provided the fraud be perpetrated by spoliation or destruction of papers.
The on.y two exceptions are, where part of the will is fraudulent and part not, and where there is a fraudulent ageement between the heir and devisee. But if spoliation be proved upon the person who
sets up the will, chancery will interfere. The Constitution ofthe United States,'and the-Judiciary act.of 1789,
and the Process act of 1792, give to the federal courts, jurisdiction
in all cases of law or equity. All that we have to do is to show that. this is a case of equity..
Constitution of the United States, art. 3, see. 2; Judiciary act, sec. 11; it is a matter of right for all persons who have a case of equity to go into the courts of the United States and ask relief, 4 Wheat. 108; 3 Peters, 433; 3 Wheat. 2h2; 9 Peters, 655; 13 Peter', 358; 15 Peters, 9, 13. In the last case'the same objection was made that has now been made, but the court decided against it.
It is asked how we are to reach the .Court of Probate. The answer "is found in the Constitution of the United States. If it is a case, &c., all state.power falls. -It was intended to protect the people from state prejudice; the framers of the instrument knew that local prejudices would exist, and saved the people from their operation. Another answer is, that the Chancery Court acts upon persons, passing by state tribunals. If they interfere, the twenly-fifth section of the Judiciary act meets the case.
It is objected that our argument destroys all siate regulations, but this begs the question. We say that Louisiana has recognised the right to transfer property by will, and this -rightwas exercised in the present case. Besides, state- power cannot limit the Constitution of the United States and the jurisdiction of this couit under it. The bill was filed in 1836. It took the defendants five sears to find out that the bill did not inake a case, and to file their demurrer.

Jones on the same side. The first objection on the other side is, that the confederates are
VoL. 1.-8o.

084

SUPREME COURT.

-Gaines et ux. v. CHew et al.

not charged to have derived their titles from the will. The printed abstract does-not say so, it. is true, but the record itself does. The bill charges, that-they claim -under colour of title from pretended executors, referring directly to the will.
The next objection is on account of the aliens, living in England and Ireland. But we have, done. all 'that we can as regards them. The .court cannot lose jurisdiction because some of the parties reside
abioad.
Is the bill multifaribus? It is the nature of equity to bring in all parties who, have an interest. It is said in the books that claims must not be joined together when they are different,-nor parties who ihave not an entire interest. But it is esteemed a virtue in equity that all proper parties are brought in. Thus in the case of a fishery; all came in, although their rights were separate. A demurrer will not hold, if the plaintiff claims under a general right. Mitford's Pleading, 181, 182. If we were 't6 'ue separately, we should have to prove the same thing im every case, and a multiplicity of action is not favoured by equity. As to the jurisdiction 'of the court. It is said that a state court here claims exclusive jurisdiction. If a state can say that its courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction, it can, by extending the range of subjects, shut out the courts of the United States from all jurisdiction whatever., -The bnly question is, is it a case of-equity ? If so, no matter how fat the claim of exclusiveness of jurisdiction in the state -courts may be pressed, the Constitution of the United States comes iri with paramount authority. The opposite counsel.have confounded the two questions of the exclusiveness of state jurisdiction and theconclusiveness of a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. We agree that the judgment of such a court is concluuive upon all co-ordinate courts, until regularly reversed by an appellate court ' But here we do not impeach any such judgment, By the law of Louisiana, a will of real estate has the same effect that a will, of personalty has in England. We admit this. And we admit, too, that a probate is necessary to vest a title to real estate, as much so as recording a deed is, to give it validity. If our claimi would be good against a proved will in England, it is goqd here. The Code of Louisiana is made up of the civil law and Napoleon- Code. But what power has a probate court to provc a will which is not produced. They cannot set it up and admit it as a

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

635

Gaines et ux. v. Chew -et al.

factum. Civil Code, 1537, 1560; Code of-Practice, 924; 3"Mar-

tin, 144; 12 Martin, 63; 5 Martin, N. S. 184; 3 Louis. Rep. 99;

6 Har. and Johns. 67.

The case in 11 Louisiana Rep. 693, is thought by the other side,

tor sustain the position that the Court of Probate zould prove -a wil"

although it.was not produced; but the case does not say so.

But it is argued that the will of 1811 must be set aside before that

of 1813 can be set up, and that the Circuit-Court cannot do this.

Why not? It has as much right to do it:as the Probate Court; not

as an appellate tribunal, reviewing the decision of that court, but in

Ihe exercise of a separate jurisdiction. The will of 1811 may stand

among the records, but-its'effeetwill be destroyed. So it is-in Eng-:

land with spoliated deeds. Equity constantly set6 aside law inStru-

ments when an equitable title is asserted.

What other remedy have we? We cannot go to the Probate Court

and ask them to set up the will of 1813. They .cnnot do it. And

even if they could, that would-not debar us of this remedy. Code

ofPractice, 604 to 613; 3 Martin, 518; 5 Louis. Rep. 393.

If a state court had jurisdiction and the remedy is imperfect, a

party must not be driven there. The Probate Court is shackled, and

limited to matters of administration. It may compel an-administrator

to~settle, but cannot direct a suit against thid-persons, and cannot

give us the property in dispute. 1 Louis. Rep. 183; 3 Louis.

Rep. 520.

it is said that a probate court is the only tribunal that can set aside

a will. But we deny -this. 10 Mattin, 1; 1 Martin, N. S. 577;

3 Martin, N. S. 473; 5 Martin, N. S. 10, 217; 1'Louis. Rep. 215;

6.Martin, N. S. 305.

As to equity jurisdiction. It is a general principle that courts of:

equity have jurisdiction over all cases of fraud. Although 'courts of

law have it, equity does not lose it. There are t o-exceptions recog-

nised in the books, but neither of them includes this case. - Gene'

rally, the heir need not go into chancery,- because the title is cast

upon him by descent ; but where there is a devisee who thus appears

to have the legal title, the heir cannot resoit to a court of law, but

must apply to equity. 13 Price, '721.

-

Barton, for the defendants, being demurrents,-in reply and confchision.
The facts in the case, although nominally admitted by the'demur-

SUPREME COURT.
Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.
rer for the sake of argument, are not. in reality admitted. Some of the worthiest' citizens of Louisiana are denounced in the bill, as perpetrating atrocious frauds. If this court shall require them to answer -the bill, they will deny. all thn important facts charged in it. T,'-y years have elapsed since the transactions took place; and at the last term, this court-refused to open a case after twenty ydars had expired. This is called a bill of peace. It is not like bne. The heirs of Mary Clark sold the land and received the money thirty,years ago; and yet those heirs are not made parties so that a cross-bill could be filed against them.
[Mr. Barton here referred to a high opinion of Clark which had been expressed in the course of the argument, in which he concurred.]
The will of 1"11 gave the whole estate to his' mother. Where was his wife, if he had one?
So the will of 1813,is said to have 'given his wife nothing, in violation of all duties. The bill itself th~refore, attacks his character. It says also that the complainant was kept in.ignorance of her true name until she was nineteen years of age. Her own mother is alleged not to have told her, and yet this mother is said to have been the wife of Clark.
Is the bill multifarious ? Story's Equity Pleadings, sect. 271 to 279, ha numerous references oi this point. See also 1 Jacob, 151; 1 Maddock?s Rep. 86 ; 2 Maddock's Rep. 294; 6 Maddock's Rep. 94; 18 Ves. 50; 2Yes. 486"; 2 Mass. Rep. 181 ; Littell's Select Cases, 320 ;.2 Bibb, 314; 4 Johns. Chan. Cases, 19 ; 8' Peters, 123; 1 Johns. Chan. Rep. 349, 437'606; 4 Rand6lph., 74; 2 Gill and-Johns. 14; 5 Paige, 65; 6 Dana, 186; 6 Johns. Chan. Rep. 163; Halsted's Dig. 168; 5 Cowen, 86. . The bill is hot only multifarious as to parties and subject-matters, but also as to-jurisdictions. Suppose the will of 1813 were-actually, probated and the plaintiff claimed under it, would this court act upon such a question, or Would they not rather send it to a court of law-to be tried? The plaintiff confounds rights even in herself.. If the -claim of legitimacy be established and the will of 1811 should remain, the testdtor by the old code could dispose of one-fifth of his estate away fron.his child. (Old Civil Code, p. 212, art. 19, chap. 3.) Mary Clark would, therefore have one-fifth, and her heirs ought to-be parties; And-besides, if the legitimacy be established,

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

a?

Gaines et uxi v. Chew et al.

the mother of the comnlalnant must of course have been the v'ife of the testator, and as such, entitled to halr of the estate, of ivhich he could not deprive her. New Civil Code, art. 148; Old Civil Code, p. 336, art. 63 to 69. Aid yet the alleged wife is not a paity.
So if the will-of 1813 be -set up; and the legitimacy proven, the wife will have half, and 'yet she is not made a party, although ever. one knows that she is living. The executors of the will of 1813 are said to have been Bellechasse and Pigat, the latter one of the-judges of the Court of Probate. The commission-is two and a half per tent. for executors. Did not Pigot'know how to 'get the will, if there was one? New Civil Code, 2369 to '2376; Old Civil Code, p. 2W4 ,8 art. 179.
There is a mulfifari6usness as to things. The bill embraces twenty-,six'pieces of land, and it is not said who owns all these. And s5 ofthe slaves; ninety-three are allotted amongstdifferent owners, whilst one hundred and thirty-three-are iot accounted for. An interest in the mere question is not sufficient to authorize all these persons. to be-joined in one bill; theymust all have an interest in the subject-matter. Persons, are also made "parties.who are said to be in the occupancy. of a square of ground. What interest have they, if they are mere occupants? If their testimony would be admissible as impartial persons, they ought not to be parties. An insuperable difficulty will be found if any of these sales of real estate have been made under a warranty. By the Louisiana law, in such a case, the warrantor may be summoned in at.once-to defend the title; and if he is not, the warrantee loses his remedy.against him. But'under the present process,'this cannot be done,, and the benefit of our wise law is lost. Our system has been called a mongrel sys. tem, but it is good enough for us. It does iot follow that-lawg are unjust because they emanate from a despotic government. The Napoleon Code was not destroyed by the Bourbons; The practice in. Louisiana is .a .complete equity; either party may arrive at,the knowledge of -facts in the possession of the other with- more simplicity tha the English chancery process. The district-attorney of'the United States has preferred resorting to the state tribunals. in a cii-' troversy between the government and Bank of the United States; rather than go into the fedeiral court. To a case like .the present, our system is peculiarly applicable. But in the proposed mode, you are deciding here the interests of a vast number of persons not seen at all.

628

SUPREME COURT.

Gaines et ur. v. Chew et al.

The position that a state cannot enlarge or restrain the equity power of the Circuit Court of the United States, is laid down too broadly. The parliament of England might have placed the probate and jurisdiction over wills of real and personal estate exclusively in the ecclesiastical courts; and if so, why cannot Louisiana do the same thing? The sovereignty of a state over its domestic policy is complete, and especially over its land laws. The clause in the Constitution was inserted, undoubtedly, for the security of impartial justice, but justice administered with uniformity by state and federal tribunals. Both were intended to be guided by the same rules. If they adopt different ones, you may obtain impartiality, but where is the uniformity.
There is another case upon the docket of this court by the complainants, in which they have prosecuted their claim singly against Patterson. If they-can maintain a suit against-one of these numerous parties by himself, it shows that their interests must be distinct.
It is important to keep in view the distinction between overthrowing a proved will and setting up another one. The will of 1811 is not said to be defective or irregular, but it is the probate which is objected to, and that is the judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. Until appealed from, it is as binding as a decree ofthis court.
Story's Equity Pleadings, sect. 511; 2 Roper on Legacies, 532. In 3 Merivale, 161, the. Master of the Rolls says, cit is no ques-
tion whether a chancery court can set up a will." If an English courit can overthrow the dictum of Lord Hardwicke 100 years ago, cannot the legislature of a free state do it?
Probate courts have exclusive jurisdiction over wills, and no other court can interfere, by thp laws of Massachusetts. 4 Mason's Rep. 461 ; 16 Mass. Rep. 441.
The. judgment of a court of probate is good until reversed. 4 Louis. Rep. N. S. 413, 414; 1 Louis. Rep. 21; 2 Louis. Rep. 250; 6 Louis. Rep. 656 ; 3 Louis. Rep. 519.
In 17 Louis. Rep. 14-16, it was held that where an action was brought in the District Court against one in possession and claiming under a will, if the will was set up, it might be inquired into. But that is not the present case, because it is not averred that Mary Clark's heirs are in possession.
The. claim to set up the will of 1813 is attempted to be sustained by being made analogous to the case of a spoliated will in England, and the case in 1 Yes. jun. 286, relied on with great confidence, but it does not apply to the Circuit Court of the United States. There

JANUARY -TERM, 1844.

"639

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

is no case which has been cited, in which-the chancellor acted upon

any other person than the wrong-doer himself. But here the execi'-

tors are functus officio, and third persons, purchasersiare par ies. Can

they b6 imprisoned for nbt producing the will of 1813 ? and if Reif

should be imprisoned, how can-that affect the title of the city of

New Orleans to property which it has held for -twenty-five years. 'It

has been said that a party can be decreed to be a trustee for the bene-

fit of the person reilly interested. But before you can do this, you

must repeal the statute oF Louisiana, abolishing all trusts. They

were abolished, by the Code of 1808, and again by the Code of' 1825.

Civil Code (new) 1506, 1557.

.

Can this court fasten upon the people of Louisiana all the doctrine

of uses and trusts, against their positive law? Suppose the pur-

chasers are decreed to stand seised to the use of the complainant:

you will have created fifty or sixty trusts. -And when one of these

trustees dies, or makes a cessio bonorum, what will be ddne? Will

you sell an estate, the title to which is in one person, and the use in

another? But the law of Louisiana positively prohibits this. A power to compel a man to go before the court and resign his pro-

bate, is, in effect, 'arevocation of the judgment itself and an over-

throw of the court. But the decision of that court can never be in-

quired into by another tribunal. 1 Pickering, 547. And the Pro-

bate Courts of Louisiana have as' exclusive a-jurisdiction as those of-

Massachusetts. The English cases are not applicable. 3 Porter, Al.

Rep. 52, 58; 4 Missouri Rep. 210.

It is said by the other side that the Probate Courts of Louisiana

are different from other OQiphans' Courts. It is not so but suppose it

was. How can a ciiien of another state claim more rights than a

citizen of the state itself. The Constitution requires all to be placed

upon an equal footing, but nothing more. In fact, the Louisiana

Courts of Probate have more power than similar courts in Massachu-

setts. For these propositions, see Code of Practice, 324; 1 Story's

Rep. 552; 2 Har. and Gill, 51; 4 Bibb, 553; 3 Missouri Rep.

365; 4 Missouri Rep. 210; Civil Code, (new) art. 21 ; Civil Code,

(old) art. 246; Code of Practice, art. 130, 936; 8 Louis. Rep.

(N. S.) 520; 5 Louis. Rep. 293; 11 Louis. Rep. 593, 150.

No court can now set up the will of 1813, because if it were pre-

sented' to the Probate Court in'the shape in which it is alleged to

have existed, that court "could not receive it for want of a date.

Civil Code, art. 1567 to 1581 ; 1588, describes what wills are good;

.640

SUPREME COURT.

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

1581 treats of an ologtaphic will,.i. e. written, dated, and signed, by the testator, and the next article says, unless these, formalities are observed the will is null and void.
Civil Code, (old) art. 160, contains the same provisions. The date here is important, for if a vill -was written at all, it might have been before 1811, and therefore revoked by it.

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This case is brought before the.court from the eastern district of Louisiana, by a division of the judges on certain points, which are certified under the act of Congress.
The complainants in their bill state that Daniel Clark, late of the city'of New Orleans, in the state. of Louisiana, in -the year 1813 died, seised in fee-simple, or otherwise well entitled to and lawfully possessed of, in the district aforesaid, a large estate, real and personal, consisting of plantations, slaves, debts due, and other property, all of which'is described in thebill.
That'the said Myra was the only legitimate child of the said Clark. That about the month of July, 1813, he made his last will and testament,..according to law, and in which he devised to his daughter
Myra all his estate, real and-personal, except certain bequests named. Col. Joseph Deville, Degontlne Bellachasse, James Pitot, and Chevalier Dtisuau de la Croix were appointed, executors of.the will, and the said, Chevalier, de la Croix was also appointed tutor to the said Myra, who. was then about seven yearsof age. In a few days after making'the will the said Clark died.
From her birth, .the said Myra was placedj by her father, in the family of Samuel B.. Davis, who at the time resided in New Orleans, but in 1812 removed to Philadelphia,-where the said Myra resided until her first marriage, being ignorant of her rights and her parentage.
In the year 1811, being about to make a journey to Philadelphia, and fearing some embarrassments from a partnership transaction, the said Clark conveyed property tQ the said Samuel B. Davis and others, to the amount of:several hundred thousand'.dollars to be held in trust for' the use of-the'sai4 Myra. And about the same time he' made a will devising to his,.mother, then residing out of Louisiana, his pro:. perty, and appointed Richard Relf and Beverley Chew, two of the defendants, his exeuutor. That afterwards, on his return: frbm Philadelphia, le received back a portion of the property conveyed in trust as aforesaid; apd by the will of 1813 revoked that of 18!1.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

641

Gaines et ux. v. Chew e-tal.

The bill charges that immediately upon the death of the said Clark,

the will of 1813 bame into the possession of the - said Relf,who

fraudulently concealed, suppressed, or destroyed the same, and did

substiffte in*its place the revoked will of 1811 ; that the will of

1813 was never afterwards seen except by the said Reif and Chew,

and their confederates.

It is further charged that the said Relf. fraudulently set up the re-

voked will of 1811, and obtained probate of the same; that he; with.

the said Chew, being sworn as executors, fraudulently took posses-

sion of the real and personal estate of the deceased, and also his'title

papers and books. That they appropriated to their own use large

sums of mohey and a large amount-of property of 'the estate, and in

combination with the defendants named, who cc had some knowledge,

notice, information, belief or suspicion, or reason for belief or suspi-

cion and did believe," so that the said Relf and Chew had' acted

fraudulently in setting up and proving the will of 1811. And the

complainants pray that effect may be given to the will of 1813, and.

that the will of 1811 may be revoked; and that the defendants may

be decreed to deliver up possession of the lands purchased as afore,

said, and account for the rents, &c.; and that the executors may be

decreed to account The complainants- also represent tht 'the said

Myra is the only heir-at-law of the said Clark; and that his property

descended to her, &c. In addition to the-special relief asked; the

complainants pray for csuch other and further relief in the premises, as the nature of the case may require."

To the bill, several of the defendants fded.a special demurrer. On

the argument of the demurrer, -the opinins of the judges were op.

posed on the following points.

1. Is the bill multifarious? and have the complainants a right to

sue the defendants jointly in this case.

2. Can the court entertain jurisdiction of this case, without probate

of the will set up by the complainants, and which they charge to

have been destroyed or suppressed.

3. Has the court jurisdiction of this case, or does it belong exclu-

sively to a court of law. The demurrer is not before the court, but

the points 'certified. In considering these points, all the facts

stated in the bill are admitted.

Whether the bill be multifarious or not is the first inquiry.

'The complainants have made defendants, the executors named in

the will of 1811, and all who have come to the possession of pro-

VoL. II.-781

3 H2

SUPREME COURT.
Gaines, et ux. v. Chew et al.
perty real and personal, by purchase or otherwise, which belonged to Daniel Clark at the time of his death. That a bill which is multifarious may be demurred to for that cause is a general principle; but what shall constitute multifariousness is a matter about which there is a great diversity of opinion. In general terms a bill is said to be multifarious, which seeks to enforce against different individuals, demands which are wholly disconnected. In illustration of this, it is said, if an estate be sold in lots to different persons, the purchasers could not join in exhibiting one bill-against the vendor for a specific performance. Nor could the vendor file a bill for a specific performance against all the purchasers. The contracts of purchase being distinct, in no way connected with each other, a bill for a specific execution, whether filed by the vendor or vendees, must be limited to one contract. It has been decided that an author cannot file a joint bill against several booksellers for .selling the same spurious edition of his work, as there is no privity between them. But it has been ruled that a bill may be sustained by the owner of a sole fishery against several persons who claimed under distinct rights. The only difference between these cases would seem fo be, that the right of fishery was necessarily more limited than that of authorship. And how this should cause any difference-of principle between the cases is not easily. perceived.
It is well remarked by Lord Cottenham, in Campbell v. Mackay, 7 Simon, 564, and in 1 Mylne and Craig, 603, cc to lay down any rule, applicable universally, or to say, what constitutes multifariousness, as an abstract proposition, is, upon the authorities, utterly impossible." Every case must be governed by its own circumstances; and a$ these are as diversified as the names of the parties, the court
must exercise a sound discretion on the subject. Whilst parties should not be subjected to expense and inconvenience, in litigating matters in which they have no interest, multiplicity of suits should be avoided, by uniting in one bill all who have an interest in the principal matter in controversy, though the interests may have arisen under distinct contracts.
In a course of reasoning in the above-cited case, Lord Cottenham observes, cc If, for instance, a father executed three deeds, all vesting property in the same trustees, and upon similar-trusts, for the benefit of his children, although the instruments and the parties beneficially interested under all of them were the same, it -would be necessary to have as many suits as there were instruments, That is a proposition,

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

643

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

(he says,) to which I do not assent. It would, indeed, be extremely mischievous, if such a rule were established in point of law. No possible advantage could be gained by it; and it would lead 'to a multiplication of suits, in cases where it could answer no purpose to have the subject-matter of contest split up into a variety of separate bills." The same doctrine is found in Stoiy's Equity Pleadings, sect. 534; Attorney-General v. Cradock, 3 Mylne and Craig, 85;
7 Sim. Rep. 241, 254. In the above case against Cradock, the chancellor says, cc The
object of the rule against "nutifariousness is to protect a defendant from unnecessary expense; but it would be a great perversion of that rule, if it were to impose upon the plaintiffs, and all the other defendants, two suits instead of one. 1
The bill prays that the defendants, Relf and Chew, maybe decreed to account for moneys, &c., which came into their hands, as executors, under the 'Will of 1811; and that the other defendants, who purchased from them real and personal property, may be compelled to surrender the same, and account, &c., on the ground that they had notice of the fraud of the executors.
The right of the complainant, Myra, must be sustained under the will of 1813, or as heir-at-law of Daniel Clark. The defendants
claim mediately or immediately under the till of 1811, although their purchases were made at different times and for distnct parcels of the property. They have a common source of title, but no conimon interest in their purchases. And the question arises on this state of facts, whether there is misjoinder or multifariousness in the bill, which makes the defendants parties.
On the part of the complainants there is no misjoinder, whether the claim be as devisee or heir-at-law. Aid the main ground of the dei'ence, the validity of the will of 1811, *andthe'proceedings under it, is common to all the defendant4. Their interests may be of greater, or less extent, but that constitutes a difference in degree. only, and not in principle. There can be no doubt ihat a bill might have been filed against each of the defendants, but the question, is whether they may not all be ipeluded in the, same bill.
The facts of th6 purchase, including notice, may be peculiar to each' defendant; but these may b= ascertained without inconvenience or expen'se to' co-defendants. In every fact-which goes to impair or establish the authority of the executors, all the defendants are alike interested. In its present form the bill avoids multiplicity of suits,

644

SUPREME COURT.

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

without subjecting the defendants to inconvenience or unreasonable expense. There are, however, two exceptions to this remark, one of which relates to Caroline Barnes and her husband. She is represented to be a devisee in the will of -1813, and, consequently, can have no common interest under the will of 1811. The other exception is, the prayer of the bill that the executors may account. In the rendition of this account the other defendants have no interest, and such a matter, therefore, ought n9t to be connected with the general objects of the bill. The bill in these respects may be so amended, in-the Circuit Court, as to avoid both the exceptions.
We come now to inquire " whether the court can entertain jurisdiction of this case, without probate of the will set up by the complainants, and which they charge t6 have been destroyed' or
suppressed."
The bill charges that the will of 1813 was fraudulently suppressed or destroyed by Reif; and that he fraudulently procured the will of
1811, in which he and Chew were named as executors, to be proved. It is contended that the Court of Probate in Louisiana has exclusive
jurisdiction of the probate of wills, and that a Coult of Chancery can exercise no jurisdiction in such a case.
In the Code of Practice, art. 924, it is declared, that "cCourts of Probate have the iexclusive power :"
1. " To open and receive the proof of last wills and tesiaments, and to order the execution and recording them." There are thirteen other specifications which need not be named. By art. 925, it is declared that, "the Courts of Probates shall have no jurisdiction except in the cases enumerated in the preceding article, or in those which shall be mentioned in the remaining part of this title."
In regard " to the opening and proving of wills," after providing where application for probate shall be made, and the mode, the following articles are adopted.
Art. 934. "cIf the will be contained in a seated packet, the judge shall order the opening of it at the time appointed by him, and shall
then proceed to the proof of the will." Art. 936. "cIf the petitidner alleges under oath in his petition, that
he isinformed that the will of the deceased, the opening of which and its proof and. execution are prayed for, is deposited in the hands of a notary or any other person, the judge shall isstie an order to such notary or other person, directing him to produce the will or the packet containing it, at a certain-time to be mentioned, that it

JANUARY TERM, 1844;

645

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

may be opened and proved, or that the execution of it may be ordered."
Art. 937. "If the notary or other individual to whom the said order is directed, refuses to obey it, the judge shall issue an order to arrest him, and if he does not adduce good reasons for not producing the will, shall commit him to prison until'he, produces it; and he shall be answerable in damages.to such persons as may suffer from his refusal."
From the above provisions it is clear tiat, in Louisiana, the Court of Probates has exclusive jurisdiction in the proof of wills; and that its jurisdiction is not limited, like the ecclesiastical couft in England, to wills whichdispose of personal property. Has a court of equity power to set up a spoliated will, ahd carry it into efflect ?
Formerly it was a point on which doubts were entertained, whether courts of equity could not relieve against a will fraudulently obtained. And there are cases where cha'nery has exercised such a jurisdiction. Maundy v. Maundy, 1 Chan. Rep. 66; Welly v. Thorniagh, Prc. Chanc. 123 ; Goss v. Tracy, 1 P. Williams, 287; 2 Vernon, 700. In other cases, -such a jurisdiction has been disclaimed, though the fraud was fully established, as in Roberts v. Wynne, 1 Chan. Rep. 125 ; -cher v. Moss, 2 Vernon, 8. In another class of cases the fraudulent actor has been held a trustee for the party injured. Her-' bert v. Lawnes, I Chan. Rep. 13 ; Thynn v. Thyxn, 1 Vernon, 296 ; Devenish v. Baines, Prec. Chan. 3; Barnesly -v.Powell, 1 Ves. 287. These cases present no very satisfactory result as to the question under consideration. But since .the decision of Kenrick v. Bransby, 3 Brown's P. C. 359, and Webb v Cleverden, 2 Atkyns, 424, it seems to be considered as settled, in England, that equity will not set aside a will for fraud and imposition. The reason assigned is, .where personal estate is disposed of by a fraudulent will, relief may. be tiad in the ecclesiastical court; and at law, on a devise of real property. Bennett v. Vade, 2 Atkyns, 324; 3 Atkyns, 17; Gingoll v. Home, 9 Sim. 539; Jones v. Jones, 3 Mer. 171.
In the last case the Master of the Rolls sys, " it is impossible that, at this time of day, it can be made a serious question, whether it be in this court that the validity of a will, either of real or personal estate, is to be determined."
In cases of fraud, equity has a concurrent jurisdiction with a court of law, but in regard to a will charged to have been obtained through fraud, this rule does not hold.' It may be difficult to assign any very

646

SUPREME COURT.

Gaines et ux. v..Chew et al.

satisfactory reason for. this. exception. That exclusive jurisdiction over the probate of wills is vested in another tribunal, is the' only one that tan he given.
By art. 1637 ofthe Civil Code, it is declared that " no-testament can have effect unless it has been presented to the judge," &c. And in :Clappier et al. v. Banks, 11Louis. Rep. 593, it is held, that a will alleged , to be lost or destroyed and which has never been proved, cannot be set up as evidence of title, in an action of revendication.
In Armstrong v. Administrators of Kosciusko, 12 Wheat. 169, this court, held, that an action for a legacy could not be sustained under a will which had not been proved in this country before a court of probate, though it may have been effective, as a will, in the foreign country where it was made.
In Tarver v. Tarver et al., 9 Peters, 180, one of the objects of the bill being to set aside the probate of a will, the court said, "the bill cannot be sustained for the purpose of avoiding the probate. Thatshould have been. done, if at all, by an appeal, from the Court of Probate, according to the provisions of the law of Alabama."
The American"decisions on this subject have followed the English authorities. And a deliberate consideration of the questioft leads us to say, that both the general and local law require the will of 1813 to be proved, before any title can be set up under it. But this result does not authorize a negative answer to the second point. We think, under the circumstances, that the complainants are entitled to full and explicit answers from the defendants, in regard to the above wills. These answers being obtained may be used as evidence before the Court of Probate to establish the will of 1813 and revoke that of 181L
In order that the complainants naty have the means of making, if they shall see fit, a formal application to the Probate Court, for the proof of the last will and the revocation of the first, having the answers of the executors, jurisdiction as to this matter may be sustained. And, indeed, circumstances may arise, on this part of the case, which shall require a more definite and efficient action by the Circuit-Court. For if the Probate Court shall refuse to take jurisdiction, from a defect of power to bring the parties before it, lapse of time, or on any other ground, and there shall be no remedy in the higher courts of the state, it maybecome the duty of the Circuit Court, having the parties before it, to require them to go before the Court of Probates, and consent to the proof of the will of 1813 and the revoca-

JA-NUARY TERM, 1844.

647

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et a].

lion of that of 1811. And should this'procedure fail to procure the requisite action on both wiHs, it will be a iatter for grave consideration, whether the inherent powers of a court of chancery may not -afford a remedy where the right is clear, by -establishing the will of 1813. In the case of Barnesly v. Powell, I Ves. sen. 119, 284,287, above cited, Lord Hardwicke decreed,' that the defendant should consent, in the ecclesiastical court, to the revocation of the will in controversy and"the granting of administration, &c. If the emergencies of the :ase shall require such a course as above indicated, it will not be without the' sanction of Louisiana law. The twenty-first article of the Civil Code declares that, "in civil matters, where there is no express law, the judge is bound to proceed and decide according to equity. 'Tb decide equitably, 'an appeal is to be made to natural law and reason, or received usages where positive law is silent.'"
This -view seemed to be necessary to show on what ground and for what purpose jurisdiction may be exercised in reference to'the will of 1813, though it has not been admitted to probate.
The third point is, "chas the court jurisdiction in this case;-or does it belong exclusively to a court of law?"
Much that has been said in relation to jurisdiction on the second point, .equally applies to this one. Indeed, they might have been considered under the same general head.
The bill is inartificially drawn, and, to reach its main objects, may require amendment in the Circuit Court. It presents the right of the complainants in two aspects:
1. Under the will of 1813. 2. As heir-at-law of the deceased. The first has been examined, ;nd we will now consider the second. 'In prosecuting their rights as heir-at-law by the complainants, no' probate of: the 'will' of 1813 will be required. The complainants must rest upoii their heirship of the said Myra; the fraud charged against the -executors, in setting up and proving- the will of 1811, and notice of such fraud by the purchasers. In this form of procedure, ihe will of 1811 is brought before the court-collaterally. -It is not an a.;fion. of nullity, but a proceeding which may enable the court to give' the proper relief without decreeing the revocation'of the wili. Stuch a proceeding at law in regard to real estate 'is one of ordinary occurrence in England. And it is upon the ground that. such a remedy is plain and adequate, that equity will not give relief. There
can be no.d6ubt' as between the heir-at-law and devisee, in ordinary

648

SUPREME COURT.

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

cases, the proper remedy is to be found in a court of law. Without enlarging on this point, at present, we will refer to the doctrine on this subject as established by the Louisiana courts. The case of O'Donagan v. Knox, 11 Louis. Rep. 384, was "an heir-at-law claiming a share of the succession of her deceased sister, who was the wife of the defendant, who holds possession of it under a will, as instituted heir and universal legatee." The defendant pleaded to the jurisdiction of the District Court, an the ground that the Court of Probates for the parish St. Landry had exclusive jurisdiction of the matters and things set up in the petition."
The district judge held, "that as the will sought to be annulled had been admitted to probate, and ordered to be executed, the court had no jurisdiction, but that the Probate Court had exclusive jurisdiction of the case."
After stating the above decision of the District Court, the Supreme Court say, " The plaintiff sets ip a claim under the law of inheritance to lands, slaves, and a variety of movable property; that these are proper subjects for the exercise of the jurisdiction of district courts cannot be doubted. But the petitioner proceeds further, and alleges the nullity of the will, which constitutes -the very title under which the d6fendant holds the proper.ty in controversy. Before what court then must the validity of'this will be tested?"
The court consider the jurisdiction of the Court of Probates, and then proceed to say, c It appears that the jurisdiction of the courts of piobates is limited to claims against successions for money, and that all claims for real property appertain to the ordinary tribunals, and are denied to courts of probate. The plaintiff in this case was, therefore, compelled, in suing for the property of the succession, to seek redress in the District Court, and whether she attacked the will, or the defendant set it up as his title to the property, the court having cognisance ofthe subject must of necessity examine into itslegal effect."
"When in an action, of revendication a -testament with probate becomes a subject of. controversy, it will surely not be contended," say the court,- "that a court of ordinary jurisd.ictio, having cognisance of the principal matter, shall suspend its proceedings until another court of limited powers shall pronounce upon. the subject." c If the ordinary courts should examine into the validity of testaments,' drawn in controversy before them, they will do no more than we have often said a court of limited jurisdiction may do, even in relation to a question it could not directly entertain." The court cite

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

649

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

Lewis's heirs v. His executors, 5.Louis. Rep. 387, and say there is no

conflict, as indeed there is none, between that case and the one

before them. They say that in the case before them the functions

of the executor had expired, the probate of the will had taken effect,

and the devisee had entered into possession under it. The decision

of the District Court was reversed on the ground that it had jurisdic-

tion of the case.

The above doctrine is fully affirmed in Robert v. Allier's agent,

17 Louis. Rep. 15. "On the question of jurisdiction arising from

the state of the case, we understand," say the court, "the distinction

repeatedly made by this court to be, that whenever the validity or

legality of a will is attacked, and put at issue,.(as in the present case,)

at the time that an order for its execution is applied for, or after it

has been regularly probated and ordered to be executed, but previous

to the heirs or legatees coming into possession of the estate under it,

Courts of Probate alone have jurisdiction to declare it void." " But

when an action of revendication is instituted by an heir-at-law,

against the testamentary heir or universal legatee who has .been put

in possession of the estate, and who sets up the will as his title to the

property, District Courts are the proper tribunals in which suits must

be brought." 6 Martin's N. S. 263 2 Louis. Rep. 23

The functions of the executors under the will of 1811 have long

since terminated, ahd the property of the deceased- both real. and

personal, has passed -into the hands 'of.purchasers. If the heir-at-

law and the devisee were the only litigant parties, a suit at common

law might afford-an adequate remedy. But the controversy is ren-

dered complicated by the numerous paries and the variouscircum-

stances under which their purchases were made. Besides, many

facts essential to the complainant's rights are within the knowledge

of the defendants, and may be proved only by their answers. -Of

this character is the fraud charged against the executors in proving

the will and acting under it, and the notice 6f such'fraud before their

purchase, alleged igainst the other defe gnts.

If the fraud shall be established against the executors, and a notice

of the fraud by the other defendants, they must be considered, though

the sales have.the forms of law, as holding the property in trust for

the complainants. Under these circumstances a suit at law euld

not give. adequate relief. A surrender of papers alid a relinquish-

ment of ie may become necessary. The powers of a Court of Chan-

VOL.1I..-82

31

6W0

SUPREME COURT.

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

cery, in this view, are required to do complete justice between the
parties. This remedy under the Louisiana law, and before the Louisiana
courts, of ordinary jurisdiction, would be undoubted. For, although those courts cannot annul the probate of a will, when presented collaterally, as a muniment of title, they inquire into its validity. Under the peculiar system of that state the forms of procedure being conformable to the civil law, are the same in all cases. But the Circuit Court of the United States, exercising jurisdiction in Louisiana, as 'in every other state, preserves distinct the common law and chancery powers. In either the state or federal court the relief is the same; the difference consists only in the mode of giving it.
It is insisted that trusts are abolished by the-Louisiana code, and that, consequently, that great branch of equity jurisdiction cannot be
exercised in that state. Art. 1507 of the Civil Code declares, " that substitutions and fidei
commissa are and remain prohibited." "Every disposition by which the donee, the heir or legatee, is charged to preserve for, or to return a thing to a third person, is null, even with regard to the donee, the instituted heir, or the legatee," &c.
This abolishes express trusts, but it does not reach nor affect that trust which the law implies from the fraud of an individual who has, against conscience and right', possessed himself of another's property. In such a case the Louisiatia law affords redress as speedily and amply as the law of any other state. There is, therefore, no foundation for the allegation, that an implied trust, which is the -creature of equity, has been abrogated in Louisiana. Under another name it is preserved there in itp full vigour and effect. Without this principle, justice, cotld -not be administered. One" man possesses himself wrongfully and fraudulently of the property of another; in equity,, he h6lds such property in trust, for the rightful owner.
In answer 'fo the objection, that the validity of the will of 1811, collaterally, can only be tested b an action at law and on an issue devisavit vel non, it may be said, that such an issue may be directed by the Cirjuit Court.
'Complaint is made that the' federal government has, imposed a foreign law upon Louisiana. -There is no ground for this complaint. The cburts of the'United States-have involved no new or foreign. principle in. Louisiaia.' In' deciding contversies .in that state the local law- governs, the same as in every other state. Believing that

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

651

Gaines

et.ux. v.

Chew

1
et al.

the mode of proceeding there in the state courts,-was adequate to all the purposes of justice; and knowing with what pertinacity even forms are adhered to, I was averse to any change of the practice in the federal courts. But I was overruled; and I see in the change only a change of mode, which produces uniformity in the federal courts, throughout the Union. No right is jeoparded by this, and to say the least, wrongs are as well redressed, and rights as well protected, by the forms of chancery as by the forms of t&ie civil law.
From the foregoing considerations, the court answer the first point
certified in the affirmative, subject to the amendments of the bill, as suggested. And they answer the second and third points, with the qualifications stated, also in the affirmative.

Mr. Justice CATRON.
I agree the points certified must be answered favourably to the complainants; but I do not altogether agree with the reasoning that has-led a majority of my brethren to this conclusion.
The answer to the second questi6n, controls the answers to thd others; it is, "Can the Circuit Court entertain jurisdiction of this case, without probate of the will set up by the complainants, and which they charge -to have been destroyed, or suppressed ?"
The will of 1813, cannot be set up, without a destruction of the will of 1811; this will has been duly proved, and stands as a title to the succession of the estate of Daniel Clark; nor can the Circuit Court of the United. States set the probate -aside. this can only be done by.the Probate Court.
Nor can the will of 1813, be set up in chancery, as an inconsistent and opposing succession to the estate, while the will of 1811, is standing in full. force. Such is the doctrine in the English Court of Chancery, as will be seen by the cases of 'Archer v. Mosse, 2 Vera.*8 Beale v. Plume, 1 P. Wins. 388-and which are confirmed by the case of Kenrick v. Barnsby in the House of Lords, 7 Bro. P. Cases, 437. Nor do the doubtful suggestions of Lord -Hardwicke in Barnsby v. Powel, 1 Ves. sen. 119, 284,- conflict with the previously settled. doctrine, as I underistand that-case. The argument that a fraudulent probate is a fraud on the living, and therefore hancery. can give relief by settiig aside such probate, is a mistaken idea of the chancery powers. Surely the probate of afiaudulentor forged paperis-a fiaud on the living,:as much as he suppression-,.of the last will, and the causing to be proved, a revoked one ;-still chancery has notassumed"

652

SUPREME COURT.

Gaines et ux. v. Chew et al.

jurisdiction to set aside the probate of a will alleged to have been forged.or to be fraudulent, after the testator's death; as will be seen by the cases cited; although he who committed the fraud, or forgery, procured'the probate to be had of the paper, in the Probate
Court. It by no means follows, however, that the court below has no
jurisdiction of the case made by the bill-in one of its aspects. Mrs. Gaines claims to be the only child and lawful heir of Taniel Clark. This we must.take to be true. By the Civil Code of 1808, oh. 3, sec. 1, art. 19, p. 212, it is declared "That donations either inter-vivos, or mortis caitsa, cannot exceed the fifth part of the property of the disposer, if he leaves at his decease one or more legitimate children or descendants, born or to be born."
'By the case made in the bill, Mr. Clark could only dispose of one-
fifth part of his property at the time bf his death; provided he had no wife living; and if she was livin.,r, then only of the one-fifth part of one half. It follows, if the will of 1811, is.permitted to stand as Daniel Clark's last and only will, that Mrs. Gaines can come in as heir for the four-fifths. On this aspect'of the bill she can proceed to establish, and enforce her rights as heir, without making probate of the wfll of 1813-and the second question must be answered in the
affirmative. By the will of 1811, Mary Clark is the principal devisee. Shh
made her will and died; "bythis will, Caroline Barnes is entitled to part of Daniel Clark's estate, and ought to be before the court to maintain her rights. I, therefore, do not concur *that as to her the bill is multifarious. As to the purchasers from the executors, I have more difficulty. I agree, where there is one common title in the complainant; and this could only be the true source of all the titles in all the defendants, and they have not obtained the first link in the chain. of title; that than the true owner may sue them together in chancery, although they claim by separate purchases froth a spurious source. Such is the geneial rule; nor do I think the purchasers frcm Chew and Relfe, are exempt from its operation, on the ground that they have no concern with the settlement of the accounts growing out of the 'administration. I therefore concur in answering the first question-that the bill is not multifarious.
The third question presents no difficulty as to the executors; they are properly sued'in chancery for distribution beyond doubt: and so I imagine are the devisees of Mary Clark; they being by the will of

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

65'3 "

H-anson et aL. i,. Eustace's Lessee.

Mrs. Clark co-distributees with Mrs. Gaines under the will of 1811, as to the one-fifth part of Daniel Clark's estate.
The purchasers are charged with having purchased with knowledge of Mrs. Gaines's superior title; and with having fraudulently purchased from the execut6rs with such knowledge; there being jurisdiction to grant relief against the executors, in chancery, th6 same court can grant relief against the purchasers, involved in the fraud. of the executors. If they could be compelled to account in regard to the -real estate when it remained in their hands; purchasers with notice of Mrs. Gaines's rights; and who purchased with the intention to defeat her rights and deprive her of them, can stand in no better situation than the executors, an4 must account likewise; both being held in a court of equity equally as trustees for the 'true owner. Therefore, on the face of the bill, a-court of equity has jurisdiction; and a court of law has not exclusive jurisdiction, and thus the third. point ought to be certified.

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard- on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana, and on the points and questions which-were certified to this court for its opinion agreeably to the act of Congress in such case made and provided, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, 'It is the opinion of this court that the first question should be answered in the affirmative; but that the bill should be so amended in the Circut Court as to avoid both of the exceptions stated in. the opinion of this court, and 'that 'the second and third questions should also be answered in the affirmative, With the qualifications stated in the opinion of this court. Whereupon, itis now here ordered and adjudged, that it be so certified to the judges of the said Circuit Court.

WmLwL R.

HAX'soN,

JOSEPH

L.

Moss,

IsAAC

PmLInPS,

H
Jos px

M.

Moss, AND DAVID SAHUEL, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, v. LESSEE OF

JoN H. EusTAcE.

A-refusal to-roduce books and 'papers under a notice, lays the foundation for
the introduolion of secondary evidence of their contents, but affords neither' presumptive nor -prima fac&e evidence of the- fact sought to be proved by
them.
3L2

JANUARY TERM, 1844.
FRANCois FExNELO VIDAL, JoHn F. GIRARD, AND OTHERS, CITIZENS
AND SUBJECTS OF THE MONARCHY OF FRiNCE, AND HENRY 'STUMP,
COMPLAINANTS AND APPELLANTS, v. THE MAYOR, ALDERMEN, AND
CITIZENS OF PHILADELPHIA, THE EXECUTORS 0 STEPHEN GIRARD,
AND OTHERS, DEFEINDANTS.
The corporation of the city of Philadelphia has power, under its charter, to take real and personal estate by deed, and also by devise, inasmuch as the act of 32 and 34 Henry 8, which excepts corporations from taking by devise, is not in force in Pennsylvania-
Where a corporation has this power, it may also take and hold property in trust in tht. same manner and to the same extent that a private person may do: if the trust be repugnant to, or inconsistent with, the proper purpose for which the corporatio "was created, it may not be compellable to execute it, but the trust (if-otherwise unexceptionable) will not be void, arid a court of equity will appoint a new trustee to enforce and perfect the objects of the trust.
Neither is there any positive objection in-point of law, to a corporation taking property upon a trust not strictly within the scope of the direct purposes of its institution, but collateral to them.
Under the gener/al power "for the suppression of vice and immorality, the idvancement of the public health and order, and the promotion of trade, industry, and happiness," the corporation may.execute any trust germane to those ,objects.
The charter of the city invests the corporation with powers and rights Io take property upon trust for charitable purposes, which are not otherwise obnoxious to legal animadversion.
The two acts of March and April, 1032, passed by the legislature of Pennsylvania, ari a legislative interpretation of the charter of Philadelphia, and would be sufficient hereafter to estop the legislature from contesting the competency of the corporation to take the property and execute the trusts.
If the trusts were in themselves valid, but the corporation incompetent to execute them, the heirs of the devisor could not take advantage of such inability; it could only be ,done by the state in its sovereign capacity, by a quo wdrranto, or other proper judicial proceeding.
The trusts mentioned in the will of Stephen Girard are of an eleemosynary .nature, and charitable uses, in a judicial sense. Donations for the establishment of colleges, 'schools, and seminaries of learning, and especially.such is are for' the "education of*orphans and poor scholars are charities in the sense of the common law.
The decision of the Supreme Court ofPennsylvania in the case of Zimmerman v.Andres, (January terrii, 1844,) recognised, and confirmed, viz.: "That the conservative provisions of the statute of 43.Elizabeth, chap. 4, have been in force in Pefnsylvania by common usage and constitutional recognition and not only these but the more extensive range of charitable uses which chancery supported before that statute and beyond it."

128

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal' et al. v. Girard's Executors.

The present case distinguished from the case of the Trustees of the Philadelphia Baptist Association v. Hart's executors, 4 Wheat. 1, upon two grounds, viz.:
1. That the case in Wheaton arose under the law of Virginia, in which state the statute of 43 Elizabeth,.chap. 4, had been expressly and entirely abolished by the legislature, so that no aid whatever could be derived 'from its provisions
to sustain the bequest. 2. That the donees were'an unincorporated association which had no legal
capacity to take and' hold the donation in succession for the purposes of the trust, and the beneficiaries were also uncertain and indefinite. The decisions and dicta of English judges, and the recent publication of the Record Commissioniers in England, examined as to the jurisdiction of chancery
over charitable devises anterior to the statute of 43 Elizabeth. This part of the common law was in force in Pennsylvania, although no court
having equity powers now exists or has existed, capable of enforcing such
trusts.
The exclusion of all ecclesiastics, missionaries, and ministers of any sort from. holding or exercising any station or duty in a college, or even visiting the same; or the limitation of the instruction to be given to -the scholars, to pure morality, general benevolence, a love of truth, sobriety, -and industry; are not so derogatory and hostile to the Christian religion as to make a devise for the foundation of such a college void according to the constitution and laws of
Pennsylvania.

Tins case came up by appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States, sittng as a court of equity, for the eastern district of Pennsylvania. ,
'he object of the bill filed in the court below was to set aside a pct of the will of the late Stephen Girard, under the following circumstances :-
Girard, a hative of France, was born about the middle of the last century. Shortly before the declaration of independence he came to the United States, and before the peace of 1783 was a resident of the city of Philadelphia, where he died, in December, 1831, a widower and without issue. Besides some real estate of small value near Bordeaux, he was, at his death, the owner of real estate in this country which had cost him upwards of $1,700,000, and of personal property worth not less than $5,000,000. His nearest collateral relations were, a brother, one of the original complainants, a niece,
the other complainant, who was the only issue of a deceased sister,
and three nieces who were defendants, the daughters of a deceased
brother.
The will of Mr. Girard, with two -codicils, was proved at Phila-
delphia on 31st of December, 1831-

JAN-UARY TERM, 1844.

129 -

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

After sundry legacies and devjses of -real property-to various persons and corporations, the -Wil proceeds thus:-
XX. And, whereas, I have been for a ubntgime impressed with the importaice of educating the poor, and of placing them, by the early cultivation of their minds and the developments of their moral" principles, above the umany temptations, to which, through poyerty and ignorance, they are exposed; .and I.am particularly de~irous to provide for such a number of poor male white orphan children, as can be trained in one institution, a better education, as well as a more comfortable maintenance, than they usually receive from, the application of the publi3 funds: and whereas, together with the object just adverted to, I have sincerely at heart the welfare-of the city of Philadelphia, and, as a part of it,"am desirous to improve the neighhnurhood of the river Delaware, so that the' health of thecitizens may, be promoted and preserved, and that .the easteim part. of the city may be pnade to. correspond. better with the interior. Now, I do give, devise and bequea4 all the residue and remainder: of my real and personal estate of every sort and kind wheresoever situate, (the real estate-in Pennsylvania charged aforesaid,) unto "ctheMayor, Aldermen, .andCitizens of Philadelphia," their successors andassigns, in trust, to and for the several uses, intents, and purposes. liereinafter r-.ntioned and declared of and concerning the.same, thatis to say: so fa. as regards my real estate in Pennsylvania, in trust, that no part thereof shall ever be sold or alienated by the said mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia, or their "successors, but the same shall for ever-thereafter be let from time to time, to good tenants, at yearly, or other rents; and upon leases in possession not exceeding
five years from the commencement thereof, and that the rents, issues, and profits'arising therefrom shall -b- e applied towards keeping that part of the said real estate situate in the city and liberties of Pbiladelphia constantly in good.repair, (parts elsewhere situate to be kept in repair by the tenants thereof respectively,) and towards improving the same, whenever necessary,,by erecting new buildings, and that the nett residue (after paying the several annuities herein-before pro-
vided -for) be applied to the same uses and purposes as are herein declared of and concerning the residue of my personal estate: and so far as regards my .real estate in Kentucky, now. under the care of Messrs. Triple4 and Brumley, in trust, to sell and dispose of the same, whenever it may be expedient to do. so, and to apply the proceeds of such sale to the -same uses and purp"oses as are
"VOL. 11--17

130

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

herein declared of and concerning the residue of my personal
estate. XXI. And so far as regards the residue of my personal estate, in
trust, as to two millions of dollars, part thereof, to apply and expend so much. of that sum as may be necessary, in eriecting, as soon as practicably may be, in the centre of my square of ground between Hgh and Chestnut streets, and Eleventh and Twelfth streets, in the city of Philadelphia, (which s4uare of ground I hereby devote for the purposes hereinafter stated, and for no other, for ever,) a permanent college, with suitable out -buildings, sufficiently spacious for the residence and accommodation of at least three hundred scholars, and the requisite teachers and other persons necessary in such-an institution as I direct. to be established, and in supplying the said college and out-buildings with decent and suitable furniture, as well as books and all things needful to carry into effect my general design.
The said college shall be constructed with the most durable materials, and in the most permanent manner, avoiding needless ornament, and attending chiefly to the strength, convenience, and neatness of the whole: It shall be at least one hundred and ten feet east and west, and one hundred and sixty feetnorth and south, and shall be built on lines parallel with High and .Chestnut streets and Eleventh and Twelfth streets, provided those lines shall constitute at their junction right angles. It shall be three stories in height, each story at least fifteenfeet high in the clear from the floor to the cornice. It shall be fire-proof inside and outside. The floors and the roof to be formed of solid materials, on arches turned-on proper centres, so that no wood may be used, except for doors, windows, and shutters. Cellars shall be made under the whole building, solely,for the purposes of the institution, &c. &c. &c., (and then follows a long and exceedingly minute description of the manner in which the building
shall be erected.) When the college and appurtenances shall have been constructed,
and supplied with plain and suitable furniture and books, philosophical and experimental instruments and appaiatus, and all other matters needful to carry my general design into execution, the income, issues, and profits of so much- of the said sum of two millions of dollars as shall remam -unexpended, shall be applied to maintain the said college according to my directions.
1. The institution.shall be organized as soon as practicable, and to accomplish that'purpose more effectually, due public notice of the

JANUARY TER.M, 1844.

131

Vidal et al. v. Girards Executors.

intended opening of the college shall be given, so that there may be an opportunity to make selections of competent instructors and other agents, and those who- may have the charge of orphans may be aware of the provisions intended for them.
2. A competent number of instructors, teachers, asistants, and other necessary agdnts, shall be selected, and when needful, their places from -time to time supplied. They shall receive adequate compensation for their services; but no person -shall be employed who shall not be of tried skill in his.or her proper department, of established moral character, and in all cases persons shall be chosen 'on account of their merit, and not through favour ot inige;
3. As'many pdor white male orphans, between the ages of six and 'ten years, a the said income'shall be adequate to maintain, shall be introddced into. the college a& soon as possible; and from time to time as there may be vacancies, or as increased ability from income may warrant, others shall be introduced.
4. On the application. for admission, an-accuratd statemert should be taken in a book prepared for the purpose, of the name, birthplate, age, health, condition as to relatives, and other particulars useful t6
be known of each orphan. 5. No orphah should- be admitted until the guardians or directors
of the poor, or a proper guardian or other competent authority shall have given, by 'indenture, relinquishment, or -otherwise, adequate power to the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia, or to directors, or others by them appointed; to enforce, in relation to each orphan, every proper restraint, and to prevent relatives or others from interfering with, or withdrawing such, orphan from the institution.
6. Those orphans, for whose admission applicatioir shall first 'be made, shall ,be first, introduced, all other things concurring-and at all. future time4, priority of application shall entitl the applicaht to preference in admission, all other things concurring; but if there shall be, at any time, more applicants than vacancies, and the applying orphans.shall have been born in different places, a preference shall be given-first, to orphans born in the city of Philad'elphia; secondly, to those born, in.any other part of Pennsylvania; thirdly, to those born in the city' of New York, (that being the first port on-
-the continent of North America at which I arrivecl;) and lastly, to those born in the city of New Orleans, being the first port on the said'
continent at which I first traded, in the first instance as first officer, and subsequently as master and, part-owner of'a vessel and cargo..

132

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

7. The orphans admitted into the college shall be there fed with plain but wholesorle food, clothed with plain hut decent apparel, (no distinctive dress ever fo be worn,) and lodged in a plain but safe manner: due regard shall be paid to their health, and to this end thefr persons and clothes shall be kept clean, and theyshall have suitable and rational exercise and recreation. They shall be instructed in the various branches of a sound edueation, comprehending reading, writing, grammar, arithmetic, geography, navigation, surveying, practical mathematics, astronomy, natural, chemical, and experimental philosophy, the.French and Spanish languages, (I do not forbid, but I do not recommend the Greek and Latin languages,) -and such other learning and science as the capacities of the,.several scholars may merit or.warrant. I would have them taught facts and things, rather than words or signs; and especially, I desire, that by every proper means a pure attachment to our republican institutions, and to the sacred rights of conscience, as guarantied by our happy constitutions, shall be formed and fostered in the minds of the scholars.
8. Should it unfortuflately happen, that any of the-orphans admit-
ted into-the college shall, from mal-conduct, have become unfit'companions for the rest, and mild means of reformation prove abortive, they should no longer remain therein.
9. Those scholars who shall merit it, shall remain in the college until they shall respectively- arrive at between fourteen and eighteen years of age; they shall then be bound out by the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia, or under their direction, to suitable occupations-as those of agriculture, navigation, arts, mechanical trades, and manufactures, according to the capacities and acquirements of the scholars respectively, consulting, as far as prudence shall justify it, the inclinations of the several scholars, as to the oocupation, art, 6r trade to be learned.
In relation to the organization of the college and its appendages, I leave, necessarily, many details to the mayor, aldermen, and .citizens of Philadelphia, and their successors; and I do so with the more confidence, as, from the nature of my bequests and*the benefit to result from them, I trust that my fellow-citizens of Philadelphia will observe and evince especial care and anxiety in selecting members for their city councils, and' other agents.
There are, however, some restrictions, which I consider it mn duty to prescribe, and to be, amongst others, conditions 'on which

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

133

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

my bequest for said college -is made and to be enjoyed, namely:First, I enjoin and require, that if, at the close of any year, the income of the fund devoted.to the purposes of the said college shall be more than suffciefit for the maintenance of the institution during that year, then the balance of the said income, after defraying such maintenance, .shall be forthwith invested in good securities, thereafter to be and remain apart of the'-capital; but, in no event, shall any part of the said capital be soldi disp6sed of, or pledged, to meet the current expenses of the said institution, to which I devote the interest, income, and dividends thereof, exclusively: Secondly, I enjoin and require. that no ecclesiastic, missionary, or minister of any sect whatsoever, shall ever hold or exercise any statin 'or duty.whatever in the said college; nor shall.any such person ever be admitted for any purpose, or as a visitor, within the premises appropriated to the purposes of the said college.
In making this restriction, I do not mean to cast any reflection upon any sect or person whatsoever; but, as there is. such a multitude of sects, and such a diversity of opinion amongst them, I desire to keep the tender minds of the orphans, who are to derive advantage from this bbquest, free from the excitement which clashing doctrines
and sectarian controversy are so apt to prbduce; my desire is, that all the instructors and teachers in the college shall take pains to.instil into the minds of the scholars the purest- principles of morality, so that, on their entrance into active life, they may, from inclination and habit, evince benevolence towards their fellow-creatures, and a love of truth, sobriety, and industry, adopting at the same time stich reli. gious tenets as their matured reason may enable them to prefer.
If the income arising from that part of the said sum of two millions of dollars, remaining after the construction a.nd furnishing of the college. and outbuildings, shall, owing to the increase of the number of orphans applying for admission, or other cause, be inadequate to the construction of new buildings, or the maintenance and education'of as many orphans as may apply for admission, then such further sum as may be necessary for the construction of new buildings, and the maintenance and education of such further number of brphans, as can be maintained and instructed within such buildings as the said square of ground shall be adequate to, shall be taken from the~fnal residuary fund, hereinafter expressly referred to, for the purpose, comprehending the income of my real estate in the city and county of Philadelphia, and the dividends of my stock in Mthe Schuylkll Navigation Company

-184

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

-my design and desire being, that the benefits of said institution *shall be extended to as great a number of orphans as the limits of the said square and buildings therein can accommodate.
XXII. And as to the further sum of five hundred thousand dollars, part of the residue of my personal estate, in trust, to invest the same securely, and to keep the same so invested, and to apply the income thereof exclusively to the following purposes, that is to say-(then follows an enumeration of the objects to which the income of the fund is to be applied, being the improvement of the eastern part of the city.)
XXIII. I give and bequeath to the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the sum of three hundred thousand dollars, for the purpose of internal improvement by canal navigation, to be paid into the state treasury by my executors, as soon as such laws shall have been enacted by the constituted authorities of the said commonwealth as shall be necessary, and amply sufficient to carry into effect, or to enable the constituted authorities of the city of Philadelphia to carry into effect the several improvements above specified, namely: 1. Laws, to cause Delaware Avenue, as above described, to be made, paved, curbed, and lighted; to cause the buildings, fences, and other obstructions now existing, to be abated and removed, and to prohibit the creation of any such obstructions to the eastward of said Delaware Avenue; 2. Laws, to cause all wooden buildings, as above described, to be removed, and to prohibit their future erection within the limits of the city of Philadelphia; 3. Laws, providing for the gradual widening, regulating, paving, and curbing-Water street, as hereinbefore described, and also for the repairing the middle alleys, and introducing the Schuylkill water, and pumps, as before specifiedall which objects may, I persuade myself, be accomplished on principles at once just in relation to individuals, and highly beneficial to the public: the said sum, however, not to be paid, unless said laws be passed within one year after my decease.
XXT. And as it regards the remainder of said residue of my personal estate, in trust, to invest the same in good securities, and in like mannaer to invest the interests and income thereof from time to time, so that the whole shall form a permanent fund. and to apply the income of the said fund:
lst. To the futher improvement and maintenance of the aforesaid college, as directed in the.last paragraph of the XXIst clause of this will.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

135

Vidal et aL v. Girard's Executors.

2d. To enable the'corporation of the city of Philadelphia to pro. vide more effectually than they now do, for the secuirity of the persons and property of the inhabitants of the said city, by a competent police, including a sufficient number of watchmen, really suited to the purpose; and to this end, I recommend a division of the city into watch districts, or four parts, each under a proper-hdad, and that at least two watchmen shall, in each round or station, patrole together.
3d. To enable the said corporation to improve the city property, and the general appearance of the city itself, and, in effect, to diminish the burden of taxation, now most oppressive, especially on those who are the least able to bear it.
To all which objects, the prosperity of the city, and the health and comfort of its inhabitants,.I devote the said fund as aforesaid, and direct the income thereof to be applied yearly and every year for ever, after providing for the college as hereinbefore directed, as my primary object. But, if the said city shall knowingly and wilfully violate any of the conditions hereinbefore and hereinafter mentioned, then I give and bequeath the said remainder and accumulations to the commonwealth of Pennsylvaniafor the purposes of internal navigation ; excepting, however, the rents, issues, ana profits of my real estate in the city and county of Philadelphia, which shall for ever be reserved ind applied-to maintain the aforesaid college, in the manner specified inthe last paragraph of the XXIst clause of this will: And if the commonwealth of Pennsylvania shall fail tb apply this or the preceding bequest to the purposes before mentioned, or shall apply any part thereof to any other use, or shall, for the term of one year from the time of my dece.ase, fail or omit to pass the laws hereinbefore specified for promoting the improvement of the city of Philadelphia,ithen I give, devise, and bequeath the said .remainder and accumulations (the rents aforesaid always excepted and reserved for the college as aforesaid) to the United States of America, for the purposes of internal navigation, and no other.
Provided, nevertheless, and I do hereby declare, that all the preceding bequests and devises of the residue of my estate to the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia, are made upon the following express conditions, that is to say; First, That none of the moneys, principal, interest, dividends, or rents, arising from the said residuary devise and bequest, shall at any time be applied to any other purpose or purposes whatever, than those herein umentioned and appointed. Second, That separate accounts, distinct *from the other

136

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

accounts of the corporation, shall be kept by the said corporation, concerning the said devise, bequest, college, and funds, and of the investment and application thereof; and that a separate account- or accounts of the same shall be kept in bank, not blended with any other account, so that it may at all times appear on examination by a committee of the legislature, as hereinafter mentioned, that my intentions had been fully complied with. Third, That the said corporation render a detailed account annually, in duplicate, to the legislature of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, at the commencement of the session, one copy for the Senate, and the other for the House of Rejresentatives, concerning the said devised and bequeathed estate, and the investment and application of the same, and also a report in like manner of the state of the said college, and shall submit all their books, papers, and accounts touching the same, to a committee or committees of the legislature for examination, when the same shall be required.
Fourth, The said corporation shall also cause to be published in the month of-January, annually, in two or more newspapers, printed in the city of Philadelphia, a concise but plain account of the state of the trusts, devises, and bequests herein declared and made, compreheftding the condition of the said college, the number of scholars, aid other particulars needftil to be publicly known, for the year next preceding the said month of January, annually.
(The 25th section xelated to the winding up of the Girard Bank, and the 26th appointed Timothy Paxon, Thomas P.'Cope, Joseph Roberts, William J. Duane, and John A. Barclay, Executors. Then followed' the execution of the will, in regular form, on the 16th day of February, 1880.)
Whereas, I, Stephen Girard, the testator named in the foregoing will and testament, dated the sixteenth day of February, eighteen hundred and thirty, have, since the execution thereof, purchased several parcels and pieces of real estate, and have built sundry messuages, all which, as well as any real estate that I may hereafter purchase, it is*my wish and intention to pass by the said will: Now, I-do .hereby republish the foregoing last will and testament, dated February 16, 1830, and do confirm the same in all particulars.
In witness, I, the said Stephen Girard, set my hand and seal hereunto,' the twenty-fifth day of December, eighteen hundred and thirty.

SvEum Gm.u. [L. s-]

JANUARY -IERM, 1844.

727

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

Signed, sealed, published, and declared by the said Stephen Girard, as and for a republication of his last will and testament, in the pre ice of us, who, at his request, have hereunto subscribed our names as witnesses thereto, in the presence of the said testator and of each other, December 25th, 1830.

JoHN H. IRwln,

SAmuEL AnTHm,

JNo. THomN.

Whereas I, Stephen Girard, the testator named in the foregoing will and testament, dated February 16th, 1830, have since the execution thereof, purchased several parcels and pieces of land and real estate, and have built sundry messuages, all of Which, as well as any real estate that I may hereafter purchase, it is my intention to pass by said will; and wherea§ in particular, I have recently purchased

from Mr. William Parker, the mansi6n-house, out-buildings, and forty-five acres and some perches of land, called Peel Hall, on the Ridge road, in Penn Township : Now, I declare it to be my inteiitipn, and I direct, that the orphan establishment, provided for in My

said will, instead of being built as therein directed upon my square of ground between High and Chestnut and Eleventh and Twelfth streets, in the city of Philadelphia, shall be built upon the'estate, so

purchased from Mr. W. Parker, and I hereby devote the said estate to that Purpose, exclusively, in the same manner as I had devoted the said square, hereby directing that all the improvements and

arrangements for the said orphan establishment, prescribed by my said will, as to said square, shall be raade and executed upon the caid estate, just as if I had in my will devoted the said estate to said

purpose-consequently, the said sqtiare of 'ground is to constitute, and I declare it to be a part of the residue and remainder of my real and personal estae, and given and devised for the same uses and purposes, as are declared in section twenty.of my will, it being my

intention, that the said square of ground shall be built upon, and improved in such a manner, as to secure a safe and permanent in-

come for the purposes stated in said tventieth section.

In witness whereof, I, the said Stephen Girard, set my hand and

seal hereunto, the twentieth day of June, eighteen hundred and

thirty-one.

S== H_ GmA-n [L.. s.]

Signed, sealed, published, and declared, by the said StepAen Girard,

as and for a republication of his last will and .testament, and a

VOL. .- 18

M 2

138

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girards Executors.

further direction in relation to the real estate therein mentioned, in the presence of us, who, at his request, have hereunto subscribed our names as witnesses thereto, in thepresence of the said testator, and of each other, June 20, 1831.
S. H. CAWENTER, L. BARDIN, SAMUEL A-THU . The executors named in the will, duly proved the same with the codicils before the register of *wills for the city and county of Philadelphia, obtained letters testamentary thereon, and took upon them.selves the burden of the execution thereof. Inventories and supplementary inventories of the estate were filed, debts and legacies paid, and large sums of money paid to the. residuary legatees. The accounts of the executors were filed in the office of the register of wills, from which they passed, in due course of legal proceedings, to the Orphan's Court-for the city and county of Philadelphia. An act of thelegislature of Pennsylvania, of24th March, 1832, ,,To enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Philadelphia to carry into effect certain improvements, and to execute certain trusts," recites the bequest of $500,000, in Stephen Girard's will, sect. 22, to the mayori aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia, in trust, &c., and. "for the purpose of enabling the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia, aforesaid,- to effect the improvements contemplated by the said testator, and to execute in all other respects the trusts created by his will, to enable the constituted authorities of the city of Philadelphia to carry which into effect, the said Stephen Girard has desired the legislature to enact the necessaiy laws." Sections 1 to 9 contain enactments stipulated by the testator in sect. 23 of the will, as the condition7 on which $300,000 was bequeathed to the commonwealth of Pennsylvania. " And forasmuch as in the course of time it may appear that powers are not vested in the said, the mayor, aldermen and ditizens of Philadelphia, which may be yet required, to the full execution.of those parts of the said will of the said Stephen Girard, for the carrying of which into effect he has in his said will requested legislative provision, and it is the object and intent*of this act fully to confer all such powers. c Sect. 10. Be it further, &c., That it shall be lawful for the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia, to, exercise all sich jurisdiction, enact all such ordinances, and do and execute all such acts and

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

139

Vidal et al. v. Gira-rd's Executors.

things whatsoever as may be necessary and convenient for the full, .and entire acceptance, ,xecution.and prosecution, of any and all the devises and bequests-, trusts and provisions, contained in the said will'-, which are the subjects of the preceding parts' of this'act,, and to enable the constituted authQrities of the city of Philadelphia to carry which into effect, the said Stephen Girard has desired the legislature to enact the necessary laws.
ccSect. 11. And be it further, &c., That no road or street shall'be
laid out or passed through the land in the county of Philadelphia, bequeathed by the late Stephen Girard for the erection of a college, unless the same shall be recommended by the trustees or directors of the said college, and 'pproved of by a majority of the Select and CommonCouncils of the city of Philadelphia."
By another act, passed on the 4th of April, 1832, entitled" ccA supplement to the act entitled cAn act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens' of Philadelphia, to carry into effect certain improvements, and to execute certain trusts,'" the Select and Common Council of the city of Philadelphia, are authorized to provide by ordinance, or otherwise, for the election or appointment of such officers or agents as they may deem essential to the due execution of the duties and trusts enjoined and created by the will of the'late
Stephen Girard. In October, 1836, some of the heirs of Stephen Girard filed a bill
upon the equity side of the Circuit Court of the United-States for the eastern district.of Pennsylvania, against the corporation of Philadelphia', the executors, and some of the nieces of Girard, who were made c6-defendants. The, claim, as presented in the original bill, amended bill, and bill of revivor, (in which Henry Stump is made a party as the administrator of one of the deceased complainants,) is as follows -
"Your orator and oratrix further show, that amongst other things in their original bill, they have alleged and charged that the testator, Stephen Girard, by d supposed devise in his last will and testament, has in the first place appropriated tvo millions of dollars to the
mayor, aldermen, and citizens of -Philadelphia, in trust, for thd erection and endowment of a college, for he maintenance and education of a class -oforphans, attempted to be described by the said testator in his will.
"And your orator and oratrix further state, that in their original bill, they. set out that the said testator, in and by his will, after appropri-

1.40

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executo.rs.

ating the two millions of dollars as aforesaid, by another supposed devise, dedicated the whole of the residuum of his real and personal estate, -with certain exceptions mentioned in the said original bill, to the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia, in trust, for the progressive enlargement of said college, and that there are no other limitations to the number of orphans to be ultimately admitted into the said college, nor to the cost nor extent of the establishment, but the number and extent of the collegiate buildings and their appendages, that may from time to time be. erected within the entire area of forty-five acres and some perches of Iarl, being a country-seat called Peel Hall; so that in effect there is no devise over of any part of the
said residuum of the real and personal estate. of the-testator, to any other use, purjose, or object, afte deducting the appropriations that
;are excepted in the original bill, than the charity.connected with the
establishment of said college, excel t it be contingently, in case the said college establishment be not made, as it is contemplated to be, capable of absorbing the whole of the said residuum of the real and personal estate, intended. to be devised in trust as aforesaid, as by a reference to the said original bill and exhibits, which your complainants pray may.be taken as part of this bill, will more fully appear.
"Your complainants suggest and insist to be-available, that it will be decided, from a true exposition and construction of said will, which is) ubmied to the court, that it was the intention of the testator to dedicate the whole of the rents, issues, and profits of his real estate in the city and county of Philadelphia, in trust, exclusively to the uses and purposes of the charity connected with said college, and not that the said real estate, or the rents, issues, and profits thereof ar to be contingently applied to any other use or purpose, unless it be to the payment of a ratable proportiontof certain annuities charged on the real estate of the testator, in the state of Pennsylvania, by the eighteenth clause in his will.
cc And your orator and oratrix further 'aver and expressly charge, that the charity connected with the college, if the establishment is ,erected and managed according to the directions of the testator, and the necessary buildings constructed so as to fill up and improve the whole area of forty-five acres and some perches of land, will require and consume the whole of 'the residuum of his real and personal estate, attempted to be'devised as aforesaid for the purposes of erect-" ing, progressively enlarging, and perpetually maintaining said collegiate establishment, for the support and education of as great a number

JANUARY TERM. 1844.

141

Vidal et, al. v. Girard's Executors.

of orphens as the testator directs to be admitted therein, so that there will be no surplus of said residuum of his real 'and. personal estate supposed to be devised in trust as aforesaid, to be appropriated to any other objects or purposes designated. by the testator in his "will. And your orator and oratrix aver, that there is no.devise over for any other purpose upon any contingency of the said-two millions 'of dollars, supposed to 'be devised to the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia, in trust, for the 'rection and endowment of said college, ana that no part of said two millions of dollars, according to the will of the testator, can be applied -in any event to any other use, purpose or object, except to the charitable objects depending upon the erection, endowment and perpetual support of said college. And your
orator and oratrix aver and insist to be available, that -the said sup posed devise of two millions of dollars to'the mayor, aldermen, and
citizens of Philadelphia, in trust, for the erection and endowment of said college, for the benefits of uncertain objects of charity, supposed to be intended by the testator, is void.
" And your complainants maintain; that the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of.Philadelphia, were at the death of the'testator, incapable of executing any such trust, or of taking and holding a legal estate for the benefit of others; and that whatever may be the capacity of said mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia,. to hold property for the use of others, or to execute a trust, the objects for whose benefit the said- devise in trust is supposed to have been made, are indefinite, vague, and uncertain, as will appear from an examination of said will; so that no trust is created that is capable of being executed, or is cognisable either at. law or in equity, and no estate passed by said supposed devise,, that can vest in any existing or ascertainable cestui *que trusts; that if the objects or persons forwhose benefit the said devise is supposed to have been made, were susceptible of ascertainment, yet such beneficiaries, when ascertained, would be wholly incapable of transmitting their equitable title in perpetual succession, so that the said two millions of dollars, for want of a good and effectual devise, has 'descended by operation of the law governing descents in the state of Pennsylvania, and the treaty stipulations between France and the United States, to the heirs at law of Stephen Girard, the testator, according as such laws and treaty stipulations affect the rights o4 such of the heirs as are aliens and such as are citizens of the United States.
" Your orator and oratrix expressly charge in their original bill, that

142

SUP.REME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

fhe said supposed devise to the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia, in trust of the whole of the residuum of the real and personal estate of the testator, for the erection, progressive enlargement, and perpetual support of said college, is void, and that your complainants were heirs at law of said testator, and each entitled to one third part of the estate of the testator, undisposed of or ineffectually disposed of by his last will, according to the law governing descents in the state of Pennsylvania, and the treaty stipulations between France and the United States; and that the testator at the time of his death left certain other heirs, namely, Maria Antoinetta, wife of John Hemphill, Henrietta, wife of John Y. Clark, and Caroline, wife of John Haslam, which said Maria, Henrietta, and Caroline, are nieces of the said testator, and daughters of John Girard, late of Philadelphia, deceased, and they and their husbands, except the husband of said Caroline, are all made defendants to said bill, together with Mark Richards, who is -the rustee of Caroline, all of which said defendants are citizens of the state of Pennsylvania. And your orator and oratrix further allege that the last named heirs are the only persons 'entitled besides your complainants to any part of the real or personal estate of which the said testator died seised or possessed, and which remained undisposed of or ineffectually devised by his will.
, And your complainants, as they are informed, verily believe and expressly charge, that notwithstanding the invalidity of said supposed devise or devises in trust, the said mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia, soon after the death of the testator entered upon and possessed themselves of the two millions of dollars, supposed to be devised to them in trust for the erection and support of said college, and also of the hole of the residuum of the real and personal estate of the testator, supposed to be devised to them for the same purposes, and have ever since continued to hold and manage the same according to the terms of said supposed trust, or under the pretext of applying the said two millions of dollars, and the said residuum of the real and personal estate of the testator, to the supposed objects and purposes of said trust; that they have altogether refused to account to your complainants or to pay over to them any part of their distributive shares, either of the said two millions of dollars or of the residuum of the real and personal estate, to -which they are -entitled, but intefiding artfully and fraudulently to vade and baffle the reasonable
and just claims of your complainantsi and the relief prayed for in the

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

143

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

original bill, they have neglected to answer fully, either as to the amount or value of the real or personal estate they have entered upon or received from. the estate of the testator, under colour of said trust; and your complainants pray that in order to obtain the relief and equity prayed for,'the said mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia, be compelled to answer and discover," &c. &c.
[The bill then prayed a general discovery and account from all
parties.] The defendants all answered, and the executors filed full accounts
of all their transactions. A commission to take testimony -was issued to France, in order to establish the relationship existing between the complainants and the deceased.
Under the act of 1832, the corporation of Philadelphia passed an ordinance providing for the building of the college, and the board of trustees created thereby was organized in March, 1833. The building was commenced and carried on from year to year under the direction of the authorities appointed in this ordinance.
On the 28th April, 1841, the cause -came on for hearing in the Circuit Court upon the bill, amended bill, and bill of revivor, answers, replications, depositions, and\&xhibits, when,Wafter argument of counsel, it was ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the complainants' bill be dismissed with costs.
The complainants appealed to this court.

Jones and Webster, for the appellants, who wre also the complainants below.
Binney and Sergeant, for the defendants.

Jones made the three following points:
1. That the bequest of the'college fund is to this amount void, by reason of the uncertainty of the designation of the beneficiaries oi cestui que trusts of the legacy. . 2. That the corporation of the city of Philadelphia is not author-
ized by its charter to administer the trusts of this legacy, and .that the intentions'of the testator would be defeated by the substitution of any other trustee.
3. That if otherwise capable of taking effect, the trust would, be void, because the plan of education proposed is anti-christian, and therefore repugnant to the law of .Pennsylvania, and is also opposed to the provision of Art. IX. sect. iii. of the Constitution of Penn-

144

SUPREME COURT.',.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

sylvania, that " no human authority can in any case whatever conftrol or interfere with the rights of conscience."
If the first point should be established and the second not, the corporation would become trustees for the complainants. 8 Peters, 326 ; King v. Mitchell, 1 Merivale, 336 ; 2 North Carolina Rep. 557; 2 Devereux, 309 ; 10 Vesey; 535.
The city of Philadelphia claims as a residuary legatee, even if the trust should be declared void, but there are two answers to this, first, that a trust bars the residuary interest, and, second, that the residuum is divided into parts. Ambler, 580; 1 Johnson, 571.
In real estate, the residuary devisee never had a lapsed devise. The bequest of the college fund is void by reason of the uncertainty of the cestui que trusts. At common law and prior to the statute 43 Elizabeth, such devises
were void, and that statute is not in force in Pennsylvania. Duke, 125; Delford on Mortmain, 43.
The statute 5 Elizabeth, reviving a statute of Henry 8, says, henceforth it shall be lawful, &c., implying that it was not lawful before.
In England formerly all charities were under the care of the ecclesiastical courts. At the Reformation they were withdrawn from the church, and paupers thrown upon the public. Henry 8 was glad to find some other way of supporting them, and Elizabeth encouraged private persons to found charities with the same view. But. since her day, the source of the power .which chancery has exercised over charities in England has been the prerogative of the crown, and this prerogative law never'could have been introduced into the colonies. Jurisdiction over the three subjects of lunatics, infants, and *charities. ha] always gone together, and been claimed because the king is said to be yarenspatrim. "1 Bla. Com. 303; 3 Bla. Com. 47.
The king, in his judicial *capacity,through the chancellor, and exercising an extraordinary jurisdiction, takes control of these things.
3.Bla. Coin. 427; 1 Fonblanque, 57, note; 2 Fonblanque, 207, 235; Shepherd onWills, 208; Chitty's Prerogative Law, 155, 161; 2 Atkyns, 553, where Lord Hardwicke says it is a personal authbrity of the chancell6r.
The jurisdiction over charities is not within the ordinary powers of equity, but falls back upon the king's prerogative. Sir Francis More, 188; Hobart, 138;. 13 Vesey, 248.
It must be an extra-judicial function to set aside a will. How

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

145

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

could this power have passed over to a revolutionized and republican

state? In England, if the chancellor could not entertain jurisdiction,

he referred the case to the king, who acted under his sign manual,

but to whom can an American chancellor refer it? In an elective

republic it is impossible to have such a person. These vague

charities cannot be sustained unless by virtue of some peculiar law,

and it is an alarming event that two millions of property are 'put into

perpetual mortmain for the benefit of persons not even incorporated,

not even a religious- or mechanical society.

IThe municipal law of Pennsylvania consists of the law of nations,

the common law of England, and some of'the British statutes. , The

report of the judges made to the legislature in 1808, (3 Binney, S20,)

says that parts of the statutes 7 Edward 1; 13"Edward 1; 15 Ric-

ard 2; and 23 Henry 8, commonly called statutes of mortmain, are

in force in the state. 1 Dallas, 67, 70, 444, 114.

The old remedy of assize was revived because the statute of

Edward was considered to be in force in consequence of the report.

17 Serg. and Rawle, 174. The preface to the report says it was

necessary to examine the whok code., But the statute of Elizabeth

is not included amongst those in force. How then can it get in,

unless by some act of the legislature, which is not contended?

If the statute was in affirmance of the common, law, the judges

would have reported it as being in operation, because the common

law was itself in force. 9 Serg. and Rawle, 348, 349.

The first constitution of Pennsylvania, art.-7; art. 3, sect. 3,

and 24 sect. (I Dallas's Laws, appendix,) show that there is no

power provided to carry out the king's prerogative.

[Mr. Jones then went into a minute and critical examinationof the

colonial records of Pennsylvania, to show that from the proceedings

of the governor and assembly it was not believed that a power

existed to sustain these religious charities, referring. amongst other

matters to the charter of the Presbyterian church in 1772.]

After the Revolution, the first case that occurred to test these

principles was 17 Serg. and Rawle, 88i Witman v. Lex; but -the

bequests in this case were good by the common law without the aid

of the statute of Elizabeth, which was decided not to be in force.

2. As to the capacity of the trustee to take.

The powers of the corporation are limited, 'and a trust b6yond

those powers cannot be executed. 4 Wheat. 636; 9 Watts, 551;

6 Connecticut Reports, 304; 1 Vesey, sen. 534.

YOL. ].-19

N

S146

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

If the city of Philadelphia is the trustee, the estate is in one body and the execution of the trust in another, for all the people are a part of the ccrporation. The head of the 6orporation cannot be separated from the body.
In ordinary cases, where there is no trustee, the court may appoint one; but this cannot be done here, because the trustee, being a corporation, has perpetiiity, and a similar one must be selected. 4Wheat.. 28; 1 Vesey, sen. 534; Duke, 245.
A part of this devise would make it a curse to any civilized land; it is a cruel experiment upon poor orphan boys to shut them up and make them the victims of a philosophical speculation. By the laws of Pennsylvania it is blasphemy to attack the Christian religion, but in this case nothing is t6 be taught but the doctrines of a pure morality, and all .the advantages of early impressions upon the youthful mind are entirely abrogated.

.Binney,for the defendants,
(Argued that under the true construction of the will, the heirs of Girard could not take even if the devise for the college'should be set aside; because the city of Philadelphia-would come in as residuary legatee; the income of the fund being applied, in such case, to c diminishing the burden of taxation," and other public objects specifically pointed out. This part of the argument is omitted, because the decision of the court is placed upon other grounds. Mr. Binney then proceeded to 6omment on the objections to the devise, which had been made by the counsel on the other.side.)
The objection made by the counsel on the other side is twofold-: first, that the city is incapable of taking a legal estate by devise; and second, thai the trust is void, because the beneficiaries are too uncertain. The first point was not pressed, and is considered as abandoned. As to the- second, this chafity is as predise as any which has ever been established. The trust is to build upon a -place specially marked' out f the children are to be poor, born in Philadelphia, then New York, then New Orleans. The description is specific and limited. In England, a charity, however general, always succeeds; there is no case in which it has failed. The only question there is about its administration; whether by the chancellor in his ordihary jurisdiction, or under the sign manual of the crown. The statute 32, 34 Henry 8, -whichforbade devises to corporations in mortmain, never was in force in Pennsylvania. The -settlers agreed in England upon the laws which should govern them.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

147

VidaI et -al. v,Girard's Executors.

White and'Brockden's History of Laws, Appendix 1, says that wills, &c., in writing and attested should have the same force as to land that conveyances had. This was on 5th May, 1682.. The same rule was established on the 7th December, 1682, if the Will were proved in forty days. Same -book,Appendix 4, chapter 45.
On the 1st January, 1693, this law was in force. The legislature requested the governor to declare what laws were in force, who complied and declared that this was, amongst others. Same book, Appehdix 7, S.
In 1683, a law restrained the testator, if he had a wife and child, from willing away more than one-third; bit in1.693, the full power was restored. Same book, Appendix 9.
After a slight alteration, (see Appendix 12,) the statute of wills was passed in 1705, which was in force until Girard's- death. It declares that wills'in writing, and attested, shall be good as conveyances. The power to make a will is general, and to devise to ay one. If corporations, therefore, can take by deed, they can by devise.
The corporation has power to take. If the statutes of mortmain are in force, they do not intercept theant on its .way to the corporation; there must be an office found to escheat the property to th1e state. 7 Serg. and Rawle, 313; 14 Peters, 122; Shelford, 8.
The policy of the mortmain statutes of England has not been adopted in Pennsylvania. The act of 1791 (Purdon, 182, 183) forbids corporationsfrom holding property 4c exceeding £500 in incoine," but permits them to hold any quantity of unproductive land.
The statutes of mortmain do not extend to Pennsylvania. If they do, it is contrary to theEnglish decisions about theirlcolonies. 2 Merivale, 143; 2 Maddock's Ch.Pr. 61, note 62; 8 Wheat. 476.
If they hadibeen considered as being in force, ther would" have been escheats under them; but ni6ne are found.
The rule prescribed by the court in 3 Binney, 597, was that where there was a Pennsylvania statute on the same subject with an Eng. lish statute, the latter *as not in force. But this could not be carried out universally, for the statute 4 Anne and the Pennsylvania law of 1714 were declared both to-be in operation. '
'The.city of Philadelphia has an unlimited power to acquire land. The charters of 1701 and 1789 both give it. 2 Smith's Laws, 462. The power is to hold to them and their successors for ever, or~they. can alienate it as a natural person can.
Has the city.power to take in tust?

SUPREME COURT.
Vidal et al. v. Gizard's Executors.
The old doctrine was that a corporation could not be seised to a use. Sugden on Uses, 10.
But it' has been since settled that a corporation may be a trustee. If it receives a deed, the legal estate will pass, provided the statutes of mo tmaiu do not prohibit it. If the trust is void, equity will decree a reconveyance; but this cannot be necessary, unless the legal estate had passed. And if a corporation is incapable of executing. the trust, equity will appoint some person who is not. 1 Saunders on Uses, 346, 349; Willes oi, Trustees, 31; Levin on Trusts, 10, 11 ; 2 Thomas's Co. Litt. '706, note; 1 Cruise's Digest, 403, tit. 12, Trust, chap. 1, 'sect. 89.
Also,*that a corporation may be a trustee. 2 Vernofi, 411 ; 2 Bro. Par. Ca. 370; 7 Bro. Par. Ca. 235.
Where a corporation abused a trust and was dismissed, see 3 Bro. Chan. Cas. 171, 371; 4 Vesey, 453; 2 Vesey, jun. 46; 1 Vesey, ,467; 14 Vesey, 253; 12 Mass. Rep. 547; 17 Serg. and Rawle, 89; 3 Rawle, 170.
The cases in 12 Mass. Rep. 547 and 11 Serg. and Rawle, 89, ma not appear at first to sustain the doctrine, but the cases are right. That of 3 Rawle, 170, is very much like the present, and establishes 'the doctrine, that if the trust is for he welfare'of th6 corporation, it may take it.
The acts of -the legislature of Pennsylvania of 24th March and 4th April, 1832, are strong indications of what the law is in that state. 'That of March (sect. 10, 11) gives the corporation power to carry out the trust; enacts that no road shall pass through the land;* and gives power to appoint officers. Both acts acknowledge and assist the trust, and imply that the corporation had power to take it. This is evidence of an existing power. 4 Peters, 503.
The chkrter of Philadelphia, (page 73 of city ordinances,) in the 16th section, grants a general power to make laws-for the. welfare of the people.
.The case in 1 Vesey, 534, does not warrant the inference drawn from it by the counsel on the opposite side. See as to this case Boyle on Charitable Uses, 84.
As t6 the uncertainty of the beneficiaries:It is an error to suppose that a trustee must take for beneficiaries known and establshed. Suppose a marriage settlement for life -with power to devise. Where is the estate beyond the life until the ppwer is executed? It vests in no one. A charitable use is only a power

JANUARY TERM, 1844.
Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.
of appointment, and the children, in this case, when named, have a good right to the use. So it is in churches. When a minister is elected, he takes the estate according to the foundation; and so also with schoolmasters, who have soinetimes a freehold. Shelford, 762, 763, 765, 767, 730.
If the trustee will not nominate, chancery will. 3 P. W. 146; 3 Atkyns, 164.
The tenure of the cestui qm we is fixed; the boys of merit are to remain in the college until they are from fourteen to eighteen years of age. They are easily ascertainable. It is true that no one has a claim until the appointment is made. But this is the case with many trusts of private property where tfie estate is uncertain until certain issue are, born. Where there is a power to name some one of'kin to take, a remote relation may be selected. 1 Atkyns, 469 ; 4 Russel, 292. A power to appoint amongst " poor relations" may be either a charity in the legal sense of the term, or an ordinary provision of kindness. 7 Vesey, jurr.436; 2 Atkyns, 328; 17 Vesey, jun. 371 ; 1 Shoales and Lefroy, 111; Boyle on Charities, 31-34. The only difference between the two is that in the first case, it will last longer than in the other. A power of appointment is' sometimes vested .in particular persons from special confidence, and sometimes it passes to heirs. Charities are kept up for ever.
Uncertainty is indispensable to all charities. If any one has a right to claim by law, it ceases to be d charity.
Where did the favour with which charities are regarded, and the motive by which they are established, spring from? The doctrine is traced up to the civil law: But where did Justinian get these ideas? They came from Constantine, the first Christian emperor, and they can be traced up to a higher source than that--the Bible. The Anglo-Saxons received all their principles from the same authority. Orphan-houses were exempted from taxation. Originally the injunction of the Bible was to "chonour thy fther and thy mother ;" but the domestic affeetions are selfish, and it was reserved for Christianity to enjoin the duty of ",loving thy neighbour as thyself." The Jewish lawyer asked who his neighbour was, and it was hard to convince him that a Samaritan. could be so. There was the same difficulty as now respecting the uncertainty of the beneficiary. The lesson of charity is taught too in the case of the woman who, iiher humility, claimed only the crumbs that fell from the table, and in the beautiful parable of visiting the sick and the prisoner: 'c Inasmuch'as ye have
N2

150

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

done it to the least of these, ye have done it unto me." Even in the older Jewish records, we find the same lesion of philanthropy taught where the sheaf is left for the unknown and unacknowledged stranger. It is the uncertainty of the person upon whom the benefit may fll that gives merit to the action. A legacy to a friend is no charity. The first trustee for a charity was St. Paul. The sick are always uncertain; and to all hospitals, the objectibn now made would apply. 2 Domat. 169, title 2, sect. 3; 2 Vesey, 273; 1 Vernon, 248; 7 Vesey, 76; 17 Vesey, 371, that it becomes a charity as soon as uncertainty begins. Ambler, 422; 5 Rawle, 151; manuscript case from Pennsylvania, not yet reported, that beneficial societies are not
charities. [Mr. Binney then proceeded with his own argument, and stated
the following points: 1. That such uses as those in Mr. Girard's will are good at the
common law in England, which is the common law of Pennsylvania. 2. That the city being in possession .of the trust, nothing more is
necessary for them, as they want no remedy whether there would be one at common law or not.
3. That such trusts are entitled to protection in equity, upon the general principles of equity jurisdiction, which protects all lawful trusts whether there be a trustee or not.
4. That they in fact enjoyed this protection in chancery before the 43.Eliz. by the original jurisdiction of that court, and have had it ever since.
5. That 43 Eliz. is only an ancillary remedy, long disused in England from its inconvenience, and is supplied by chaicery, not as an usurper on the statute, but as the rightful original tribunal for such trusts.
6. That whatever the 43 Eliz. imparted to the law of Charles, except the mere remedy by commission from the'lord chancellor, is thoroughly adopted in Pennsylvania, together with the great body of the equity code of that kingdom. "
7. That the law in Pennsylvania is the same as the law in all the other states except Virginia and Maryland.
1. -Such uses were good at common law. They can be traced up to an early period, anterior to Richard 2, and the principle upon which they are founded even up to the time of-the Conquest. 4 Reeve* 80; Moore, 122. The principle of these charities is also engrafted upon the old English tenures. Co. Lit. 94b;

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

151

Vidal et aL v. Girard's Executors.-

Littleton, sect. 132, 136, where provision was made that the soul of the donor should be prayed for. Co. Litt. 96 a.
The tenure was called cc frankalmoign." There was another instance whera 100 pence were to be distributed to 100 poor men on a certain day. Co. Litt. 96-b ; 2 Inst. 456, 406. There were perpetual charities in trust. 6 Co. Rep. 2; Co. Litt. 149 a; Brooke's Abr. part.2, Tenure, 53. Some of the early statutes recognised them.
The stat. 17 Edward 2, chap. 12, pqsed in 1334, related to the Knights Templars; at the dissolution of -the order, the lands were assigned to the Knights of St. John for the same godly uses to which they had been applied, viz.: relieving the poor, &c.
There arose a contest between religious houses and the king about mortmain, and afterwards about superstitious uses. Monastic houses
were the conservators of public records and the sources of instruction.
15 Richard 2, chap. 5, was the last of the statutes of mortmain. Chap. 6 allowed spiritual -corporations to hold the property of the church and the glebe, subject to making donations for the poor.,
-Henry 4, chap. 2, allowed the vicar to be endowed, &c. 2 Henry 5, chap. 5, recited that abuses existed in charities and ordered a commission of inquiry to reform them. 23 Henr- 8, chap. 7, (see 4 Pickering, 239,) called the statute of mortmain, aimed a blow at these, charities. It was passed in 1531,' and the king was married to Anna Boleyn in 1532. 27 Henry 8, chap. 25, was the first poor law of England 1 Edward 6, chap'. 14, (5 Pickering, 267,) endeavoured to preserve some of the charities from destruction.- Boyle, 263, note, refers to this statute, which required commissioners to execute charities for the benefit of the poor. See also stat. 2 Edward 6, (5 Pickering, 299;) stat. 1 and 2 Philip and Mary, chap.-8, (6 Pickering 234.) The monasteries were by this time put down and the charities destroyed. Then came the statute 39. Elizabeth, chap. 5, from which the Pennsylvania act of 1791 is taken; this statute was continued in force until repealed by 9 George 2. From the circumstance that the charities were put down by he destruction of the monasteries arose the necessity of the 39 and 43 of Elizabeth, which intended to lessen the evil of pauperism by hunting up charities, but which established no new principle in the laws of England. 4 Inst. 66.
2 Gibson's Codex, 1155, where the statute of 39 Elizabeth is

.!61-

SUPREME- COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

found. This last law is a general one, and covers a larger extent of ground than the 43 Elizabeth, chap. 4. Chapters 2 and 3 show the character of chap. 4. (3hap. 2 is a pQor-law, and so is chap. 3, for mariners. The 43 Elizabeth enumerates twenty-one charities, but the . 39th 6omprehends all lawful ones. Hospitals were included in the latter but not in the former. The stat. 7 Jac. 1, chap. 3, has for its object to bind out poor boys. In Girard's case the boys must not only be poor, but orphans, a double merit.
There is a dictum of Lord Roslyn in 3 Vesey, jun. 726, in rela.tion to a will being an appointment at common law; but the point decided in that case has nothing to do ivith the present.
But there is not a single case where the validity of a charitable use has been directly questioned dt law; wherever the question came up, it was always-incidentally.
The Year-Book of 38 Edward 3 forms the basis of Co. Litt. sect. 383. There, was a .condition subsequent, which, if violated, gate the heir a right to enter. What was then called a condition is now.
called a trust. Sugden on Powers, 121 ; Perkins, 563; Anderson's Rep. 43, 108; 3 Dyer, 255 d, same in Jenkins, 6.
The last'case mentioned occurred in the-8 and 9 Elizabeth, and is the Trinity ,College case. The question was, whether a devise to the college, which was not a spiritual corporation, was good, -adit was ruled to be so.
The'Skinner's case occurred in 24 and 25 Elizabeth, (Moore, 129,) where the use was to pray for'the soul of the donor. So much of the us& as was esteemed superstitious was set aside, and the rest confirmed. See also Moore, 594, (or. same case in Popham, 6,) where the'heir of the executor who had a trust-estate recovered from the heir of the tfonor.
In Porter's case, 1 Co. Rep. 22, (92), the question was not raised whether a charitable use ,was good at common law.
We see from these cases what the cofidition: of England was about the time of 34 Elizabeth. The iatute 23 Henry 8 did not go into effect for twenty years. Duke, 360; 4 Co. Rep. 116; 8Co. Rep. 130.
All these cases sustained charities for the poor and were anterior fo 39 Elizabeth.
This court lBas affirmed the validity of charities at common law. A dedication to pious.uses is sustainable only upon that ground. 6 Peters, 498,431; 12 Wheat, 582; 10 Peters, 712; 2 Peters, 256; 9 Cranch, 212; 4 Peters, 487; 4 Serg. and Rawle, 212.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

153

Vidal et al v. Girard's Executors.

The common law of England is in force in Pennsylvania. In -the case of the Bush Hill estate it was ruled that the burden of proof is on him who affirms that any particular part of the common law is not so intorce. 9 Serg. and Rawle, 307.
2. The city is in possession, and wants no remedy. If the use is good, the owner of the legal estate cann6t recover. 2 Dowl.and Ryland, 523; 5 Maddock, 529, (429.'
But it is said that the use is not good because the proposed college is unchristian. The bill filed in'the cause mikes no such objection. If zeal for the promotion of religion were the motive of the complainants; it would have been better to have joined with .us in asking the state to cut off the obnoxious clause than to'use the plea in stealing away the bread of orphans. We are not here to defend Mr. Girard's religious belief, whatever it was. During his life he exhibited his philanthropy at a peilous moment. When the yellow fever burst. upon Philadelphia in 1794, almost every one fled, regardless of his property. Girard walked the wards of hospitals, not subdued by the groans of the dying or deterred by the fdar ofdleath to himself. Al that he had was Ireely given to alleviate the wretched sufferers. More charitable even than the good Samaritan, he had not only poured oil upon their wounds, but stood .by them to the last. Th6 difficulties that surrounded his plau of a college were great. His desire was to include the orphan poor of all sects, Jews as.well as' Christians, and those who had no religion at all. He might have placed it under the protection of some one religious denomination, but then it would have become a religious establishment, and met with opposition from other quarters. If all sects were to be admitted, what could he do other than what he did? If any clergyman was to be admitted, he would of course teach the doctrines of his own church. No two" sects would agree. Some would adopt one part of the Bible, some another.' If they agreed as 'to what was to be left out as apocryphal, they would differ about the translation of the rest. The Protestant would not receive the Douay Bible. See, the difficulties that exist in New York about the introduction of the Bible as a school-book. Girard did what was in conformity with law, and often done practically. He had to abandon his scheme or prevent discord by adopting the plajiwich he followed. The purest principles of morality are to be taught. Where are they found? Whoever searches for them must go to the source from which a Christian man derives his faith--the Bible. It is therefore affirmatively recom
VOL. I.-20

154

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors,

mended, and in such a way as to preserve the sacred rights of .conscience. No one can say that Girard was a deist. He has not said aword against thbristianity. In-the Blucher school in Liverpool there are no preachers. There is no chaplain in the University of Virginia. By excluding preachers, Girard did not mean to reflect upon Christianity. It is true they cannot hold office. But the Constitution of New York excludes clergym~en from offices, civil or military. If the situation of a schoolniaster is an office" then a clergyman cannot be a public teacher. Girard only says that laymen must be instructors, and why cannot they, teach religion as well as science? Sundayschools are not prohibited.. It is said by thd opposite counsel that these poor victims are cast into a prison and shut up for the sake of an experiment. But there is no prohibition against their going out to-church-tb as many churches as their friends choose to take them to. All that is done by the will is to secure the college from controversy. It is optional-with the friends of the orphans whether to permit them to go there or not. Cannot the trustees erect a hospital. -without the walls where the sick can be sent and have the services of clergymen when necessary? But religion can be taught in the college itself. What, for example, is.there to prevent "ePaley's Evidences" from being used as a school-hook?
The law of Pennsylvania is not infringed. In the 'case of UpdegraffT, (11 Serg. and Rawle, 400,) the court said that Christianity was part of the law. But it was Christianity with liberty of conscience to all men. This is exactly whaL Girard thought. By the 3 sect. of the 3 art. of the constitution of Pennsylvania, "call men have a right to worship according to their conscience." If worship. were prohibited in the college, (which it' is not,) it would not be against law. The constitution says that no man is disqualified who acknowledges. the existence of God and believes in a future state of rewards and punishments. Christianity is a part of the law, so that blasphemy can be punished, but not for the purpose of invfding the conscience of other persons. But, at all events, the conege
-t is not yet built nor the regulation enforced. It is too sodn now to set it aside. The city is in possession of the property, and.so it must remain. The administration of the charity is a matter for the courts of Pennsylvania exclusively. I 3 'That such frusts are entitled to protection in equity upon the general principles of equit j jurisdiction, which prbtects all lawful trusts 'whether there be a trustee or not.

JANtARY TERM, 1844.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

In England the power of the king a arens patrx is delegated to

the Court of Chancery. Where there are no trustees or objects of"

the charity, it is then administered according to the pleasure of the.

king. See this investigated in Story's Equity, 404. The ancieit

rule, says Coke, is good; the authority of-chancery is-plentiful, and

the -court will not let a trust fail for want of a trustee. Co. Litt. 290,.

note 1; Co. Lift. 113 ; Wilmot's Notes, 21-24; 2 Eq. Ca. Abr.

198; 1 Vesey, jun. 475;.2 Story on Equity, 320.

The court did not derive this power from the statute, but from its

jurisdiction over trusts. 2 Story, 430; 2 Mine and Keen, 581.

Equity is a part of the law. of Pennsylvania, and this is a branch

of equity powers.' The Supreme Court has the powers of a court of

chancery. I Dallas, 211, 213, 214; 1 Binney, 217.

In Pennsylvania, specific performance is obtained at law by cau-

tionary verdicts. 3"Serg. and Rawle, 484; Anderson, 392.

4. Such trusts in fact enjoyed protection in chancery before the

43 Elizabeth, by the original jurisliction of that court, and have had

it ever since. Duke, 135, 154, 242, 380, 519, 644; 2 Gibson's

Codex, 1158, note 7;, 1.Chan. Ca. 157; 2 Levins, 167; 2 P. W,,

119; 2 Vernon, 342; 3 A&kns,.165 ; 2 Vesey, 327, 425; Wil-

mot's Notes, 24; 1 Blythe, 312,334,342,346, 347, 357,358,67,61.

There is a dictum of Lord Rosslyn that it did not appear that

chancery had such jurisdiction before the statute o-f Elizabeth; but

he has been misreported, or if he said so, he is nct sustained by the old authorities. . Tothill, 58; Choice. Cases in Chancery, 155,in 34th of Elizabeth; Duke, 163.

There was a decree made in 24 of Elizabeth before the statute

and upon the judicial power of chancery. 'It related to a deed of

bargain and'sale, which was not enrolled and did not'pass the 'land.

Duke, 131, 138, 359-361; 1 Milne and Russell, 376.

'The book lately published in England by the Record Commission-

ers, furnishes numeious instances of the exercise of this chancery

jurisdiction anterior to the statute of Elizabeth.*

-

*SCODL OF CASES FROM, CHANCERY PROCEEDINGS IN TIM E OF.

[Proceedings in Chancery, Vol. 1.] Record Commtion,
Babingtanv. Gull,clerk. Billcomplaining that plaintiff's motherhad placed 600 marks in the hands of defendant, for the purpose of founding a chantry in the

156

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v.'Girard's Executors.

If this part of the common law be not in force in Pennsylvania, the complainants must prove it. If they thiI so, why do they not resort to the local courts? It can be shown, however, that Pennsylvania has actually adopted the laws that govern charitable uses.

church of St. Peter of Hawortb, in Nottinghamshire, which he had neglected

to do.

Answer of William Gull, that he had received the money mentioned in the

bill, for the purpose therein; bloatdding that if the endowment of the chantry

were nbt completed within four years, which are not expired, the money was to

- be applied in finding three priests to sing daily in the said.church; and that he

is willing to pay the said ioney according to the direction of the court.

The prayer is, the plaintiff being without remedy of common law, to issue

subpcenas, and to call defendant before him to be examined, and. to'do and

receive according as faith, reason, and good conscience require; and this for

the lovb of God, and in way of charity.

Wakering v. Bayle. (Henry VL) Bill to c mpel defendant, who is feoffee in

trust to make an- estate in certain lands it. Tottenham and Hornsey, to the

hospital of St*Bartholomew, in West Smithfield, for the'endowment of a chapel

there; "because great multitudes of Christian people of all parts of England

and other nations for sickness, pioverty, and misery, continually of custom resort

to the said hospital, and there relieved,; ad finally have their Christian sepul-

lure round about the said-chapel."

-Praying a subpcena, and as in the preceding c se, ah shall be thought uito

your good lordship best, right of conscience to be had and done at the reverencq

of God, and in way of charity. Pledges of prosecution.

Ron. PiAsen, Of London,
WELLS BAax, S gentlemen.

Parkeret aL in behalf of therielves et al, thc inhabitantsof thetown of Brentwood, Essex, v. Wistan Browne. (Eliz. B. 6,12,13.) Bill to establish donations. A chapel of eaSe to the- parish church of Southwilde, iq which parish the town of Brbntwood-is sinuated, and a free school and alms-house there, the said chapel being within tiLmeanor of'Corbedhall, granted to Sir AuthonyBrowne, knight, deceased, by letters-patent from Edw. VL
Town of Bury St. Edmunds, by Robert Goldeny et al, Governors of Free Grammar School of King Edward V7, in'Bury St. Edmnds,v. Goodney et aL (Eliz.) Bill to quiet possession of-lands held by complainants in right of grammar school.
.Buggset al.,feoffees in trustfor the parishof B'arlon,v. Sfmpner et al. (Eliz. B. 6, 17, 18.) Bill to establish charitable uses, in a tenement called the Old Pole, and lands thereto belonging, in Harlon, conveyed and settled tempore Henry VyI.
by John Swerder,'to feofifees in trust for poor of tbe said parish of Harlon. Bullalt and Purcas, church-wardens, v. Fitdie. (Eliz. B. 6, 18.) Bill fot per--
foimanep of charitable institutions. Land called Church Pightle, held from time immemorial'Tor repairing the parish church 9f Lyndsell.
Blenkinsopper v. 4twnderson. (Eliz. B. 6, 19.) Bill to establish a charitable donation. An annuity of £8 for -certain paupers and a schoolmaster, in the

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

157

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

To begin with the charter. -cThe laws for govering poperfy are the same as those of England" 5 Smith, ap . 407,sect. 5, 6; Amended Charter, 1701, app. 413; Act of 1718, 1 Smith, 105; Act of 1777, 1 Smith, 429, see. 2; 1 Dallas, 67,.where it is said

parish of Burgh under Staiusmore, derised by Sir Cuthbert Buckle, knight, late Lord Mayor of London, to be charged on his messuage called the- Spittle or Stainsmore, and lands thefeto belongi g.
Fytch and Geadwin, church-wardens,and Wyndell et pl., overseers of the liarishof Borking, v. _Robinson et al.. (Eliz. B. 6. 29.) Bill to recover a legacy to charitable uses. The sum of £400 bequeathed, by Joan Smyti, widow, to be invested for producing a yearly fund for the relief of the poor of Bocking.
Thomas Tychmer et al, church-waraens of the parish church of-Barirington, and
Shevyn Reynolds, the elder, andseveral others,co-feoffors of lands in trust,v. Lancastef. (Elik. B. 6,31.) Bill for injunction in support of a charity. A tenement and.lands ia Barrington, lately held of the master and fellows of Michael House in Cam. bridge, as of their minor of Barrington, devised by the will of Thomas Lames to charitable uses for the poor of Barrington.
George Carltonon behaif of himsef et al., inhabitantsof Elm, v. ohn Blyth et al. (Eliz. C. c. 6.) Bill to recover charitable donations. A legacy of 413 13s. 4d. bequeathed by the will of John Allen, deceased, to be invested at interest for the benefit of the poor of the parish of Elm.
Robert Perot andothers, inhabitantsand par hioners of the parishof Cornworthyv. Stephen Crase. (Eliz. C.c. 6.) Bill to appoint new trustees for a charity. A tenement called the church-house in the-parish of Cornworthy, conveyed by Sir Pearce Edgecombe, knight, or some of his ancestors, to feoffees in trust for ihe benefit of the parish of Cornworthy.
.John Irish and others, tenants of the manor of Congresbury,v. Thomas .8he and others. (Eliz. C. c. 22.) Bill for performance of will for charitable uses. The manor or lordship of Congresbury, and lands iR'Congresbury and Lawrence Wille, devised by the will of John Carr to the defendants upoui sundry trusts.
The Mayor and Citizens of Chester v. Brooke and Offley. (Eliz. C. c. 23.) Bill to establish a charity.-Legacies left by the will ef Robert Offley of London, haberdasher, for the benefit of apprentices and other inhabitants of the city of Chester.
The Vicarand Church-wardens of the parishof Christ Church within Nvewgate v.
The Vicar aid Church-wardensof the parishof .41l Saints,Barking. (Eliz. C. c. 24.) Claim of donation to charitable uses. A legacy of £A per annum bequeathed
by the will of Jane Watson, and claimed by both these parishes. The Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of Dartmouth v. Nicholas Ball. (Eliz. D. d.2.)
Bill for appointing new trustees for charitable uses. Lands in Cliftoh ])artmouth Hardness, and in Stokeflemyer, &c., conveyed by Nicholas James to feoffees in trust for the benefit of the poor of said borough, and for repairing the church and harbour.
The Church-wardens,Parishioners,tnd Inhabitantsof the town and parishof Danburye v. Thomas Emery and others. (Eliz. D. d. 7.) Bill to regulate charitable
C

158

SUPREME COURT.,

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Execoutors.

as the opimion of the court," that the common law has always been in force." 1 Dallas, 73, 211; 3 Serg. and Rawle, 578, (378;) 1 Binney, 519, (579;) 4 Binney, 77.
The act, of- 1730 authorizes persons to hold land for charitabla

donations of land-lands in Burleigh purchased ]by certain well-disposed persons in trust for the poor of Danburyc.
The Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness v. Fursemanet al. ( liz. D. d. 11.) Bill for performance of charitable trusts-lands in Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, conveyed byWilliam James to feofiees in trust for the poor of Dartmouth and other charitable purposes.
.Blacknallet aL on behalfof the Inzabitantsof Elksley v. Spiry et aL (Eliz. E.e. 4.) To establish a charitable donation. A parcel of ground, in the parish of Elkesley, cal!ed Normanton Fild, containing 500 acres, which was of ancient time given and conveyed to certain feoffees in trust for the said parish.
G-eorge Carleton, .Esq.,for himself and the rest of the Inhabitantsof the parishof
Elm, r.John Blythe et al. (Eliz. E. e. 5.) For charitable purposes a legacy or sum of £13, 13s. 4d.bequeathed by the will of John Allen, deceased, for the use
of the~parish ol Elm. Walter Jenkins et al., tenants and inhabitantsof the maanoi andparishof Fairford,
v. Oldesworth. (Eliz. F. f. 3.) To establish right of copyholders and charitable donation. The manor of Fairford, late the estate of Roger Lygor, Esq., and Katherine his wife.
The Mayor, Jurats,and Commonalty of the town of Feversham,v. Lady Hannots et al. (Eliz. F. f. 7.) To establish a'devise to a corporation. A messuage, garden and lands in Fevershai and all other his lands, &c., in the Isle of Hartye, &c., all which after the decease of his said wife, he devised to the said mayor, jurats, andi commonalty in fee-for the benefit of the said .corporation repairing, the harbour and highways thereof.
Richard .Estmond et al., inhabitants of the town of Gillingham,v. E. Lawrence. (Eliz. G. g. 12.) Bill of. revivor to establish certain charitable uses. Divers messuages, lands, and tenements, parcel of the copyholds of the Queen's manor of Gilliugham, which the bill states to have been held time immemorial for the suppbrt of a charity-school, and other charitable purposes in Gillingham.
Goodson et al. v. Monday et al. (Eliz. G. g. 12.) For performance of a trust for charitable uses. Divers messuages and lands in Ailesbury, &c., some time the .estate of John Bedford, who by a feoffment dated 10th July, 1494, conveyed the
same to certain feoffees in trust, among other, things for the repair of the high-. ways about Aile bury and Hartwell.
Sir .ArturHavenyngham and other ihnhabitantsof Havenyngham v, Th. Tye et al. (Eliz.H.h. 1.) To obtain attornment and rent for charitable purposes. Fifty acres of land, meadow and pasture, called the town. land of Havenyngham, lying in Badyngham, in the occupation of defendait Tye, the reversion: being in'feoffees for the use of said town.
-Thomas Sayer et al., overseers of the poor of Hallingbury Mlorley, v. Lambe et al. (Eiz.H. h.2.) Toestablish a charitable donation. A sum of420 given by the will

JANUARY TERM," 1844.
Vidal et al. v. Girard's Eiecutors.
uses. This is said to be an enabling act: but itis upon a diffierent princile from the English statutes which are intended to aid, in some measure, a religion not fully tolerat d, by.law. But in Pennsylvania there is universal toleration, and all sects stand ujo.n 'equal
of Thomas Lambe, deceased, to be forthe perpetual benefit of the poor of Hallingbury parish, and which the bill prays may be laid out in the purchase of land for that purpose.
[Proceedings in Chancery, Vol. I. ]
Lyon and wife v. Hewe and Kemp. (Temp. Edw. IV.) This is a bill, answer, and Teplication. The complaint being that the defendants had disposed-of property, left .for religious and charitable purposes contrary to the will of the plaintiff, Ellen's late husband.
Hitckcmore v.-Lang-to recover title :deeds for charitable uses. .Buggs etal.,inhabitantsofparishof Harton,v. Sebley. For gstablishing cliaritable donations. A copyhold tenement which was surrendered byone John Godralf to the use of the poor of the said parish. Sayer and .?ryor,overseersof poorof parishof Morley, v. Lambe Wal.. To recover charitable donation. -20 bequeathed by .the will of Thomas Lambe to the inhabitants of the town of Hallingbury Morley,-the income thereof to be for ever applied to the use of the poor of the said town. Heron and Browne, .Exrs of .Freston v. ,.prozton et al (Eliz.) For performance of a will respecting charitable donations. Divers messuages, lands, and tenements in Altofft, &c., &c., late the estate of John Freston-who by- his will gave large sums of monej for building and endowing an almshouse in Kirkethorpe, and a free-school in Normanton, repairing highways and other purposeso Fisherfor himself and other the inhabitantsof the town of Irchesie v. .B.letsoo. In support of a charitable donation. Divers messuages, lands, &c.,,in Irchester, &c., which in time of King Henry VII. were given and granted by Will. Taylor and John Lely to trustees for the use of the poor of Irchester, and repair of the bridges there. Stock et al. on behalf of the pw of Icklingham v. Page et aL For performance. of a charity. A capital messuage called the Town-house with fourscore acrek of land and a sheepwalk in Icklingham, settled from asicient time in feoffees for the use bf the poor of said town. W. Fisher,master of the Hospital of St. Mary of 1lford v. .Anne Seward,widow. (Eliz.) Bill of revivor to recover dues of a charity.' Titles of.demeine lands of the farm of Eastbury and the tithes of, &c., settled for the felief of poor per-, sons in the hospital of Ilford. Th.'Foxe, for himself and other the inhabitantsof the parisl of Kybwortl, v. Benbe et al. (Eliz.) For the support of a charity. Nine messuages and six cofitages and six yards land in the towns, fields, and parish of Kybworth, &c., given for the support of a schoolmaster and grammar-school at Kybworth. Z. Babingion,masteror warden of St. John -Baptistin the city of Litchfield v. Sale et al (Eliz.) For the support of a 'charity. A capital messuage and divers

160

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

ground. In England, the mass Js held to. be superstitious. Boyle, 242.
The statute 23 Henry 8,- a mortmain act, avoided deeds cc for superstitious uses." But what'were deemed to be so in England, are

other hiouses and'lO0 aces of land in Litchfield, &c., hel d for the support of
poor persons in the s~id hospital, and also of a free grammar-school. The Mayor andBurgessei of Kings Lynn v. Howes, clerk. (Eliz.) For'perform-
ance of x charitable donation. John Titley, Esq., by his will gave a payment, charged upon his dwelling-house at Lynn, for the maintenance of a preacher there, and other charitable purposes.
R. Newton, clerk, and the Church-wqrdenand inhabitantsof theparishof Little Mon. den v. Dane. (Eliz.) To establish a charitable donation. A messuage, &c., devised by the will of Rafe Fordam to defendaht, for certain charitable purposes stated in the bill.
Rycardes, Moore, and Kingfor themselves and the rest of the Inhabitantsof Rodbcrough . Payne et al. (Eliz.) To protect a charitable donation. Certain lands, &c., in Rodborough, &c., which in the time of King Henry V1. were given by Margery Breyseyn and others to the church-wardens and inhabitants of Rodborough, for the performance of divine service in chapel of ease to said parish, but which defendanth L.in as having been forfeited to the crown, being given for superstitious uses.
(Proceedings in Chancery, Vol 1.] "
Spenser et al., trustees, v. Grant and Wife Jbin. (Eliz.) Claim to a rent charge given in trust to plaintiff for charitable purposes. Agnes Chepsey of Nottingham, demised unto Coles and Joan his wife, divers messuages, &c., at a. certaia rent, which she afterwards demised to the plaintiffs in trust to pay into the hands of the chamberlain of Northampton, for and towards two-fifteenths of the said town; which rent, after the decease of the said Agnes, the defendant Joan and her then husband, the other defendant, refused to pay to .plaintiffs.
Smith and Willis, church-wardensof St. .Aldatis, Oxford, on behalfof the parish,v. Smith .Ald. and .Furney'sfeoffees. Against defendants as feoffees in trustb to-perforkn and carry into effect such trusts to charitable uses. Edgecombe being seised 9 f certain houses, &c,, in city of Oxford, conveyed the same to certain feoffees in trust; tvho, from the profits thereof were to repair the church, to relieve the poor, and for other good and charitable purposes. They conveyed the same to new feoffees, of whom the defendants are survivors, and refuse to account.
The Inhabitantsof Thirplangtonv. JarvOionlyturvivingfeoffee. To compel performance of trusts in a deed of feoffment for charitable uses, and to convey to other trustees, a house on Thirplangton and tenements in East Langton, &c.
Turney and Roberts v. Buckmasters. - To protect the plaintiffs in the execution of the will of Thomas Knighton for charitable iises. Lands lying within manor of Leightou Bussard. The defendants allege the same- to have been left to superstitious uses, and e.ndeavoured to get the same into their own hands.
The Master and Brethrenof the Hospital of Robert, Earlof Leicter,in Warwick

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

·161

Vidal "et al. v. Girard's Executors.

not held to be so. in Pennsylvania. So a statute of Henry 8, pro-
hibited gifts to Catholics. In1548, 2 and 3 Edward 6, chap. 1jt,he act of uniformity 6sta-
blishing the church, directed all ministers to obqerve the mode

V. Lee t al. (1600.) Forpayment of an annuity 6f £20 given to a charity. Ro-

bert,late Earl of Leicester, being seised in fee of an annuity of -20, issuing out

of a farm called, &c., the inheritance of defendant Ogden, by deed gave the sane

to the said hospital.

HenryHall andJohn Hall,on behalfof themselvesand others,'thefeeholdersand ina.

bitantsof Witham, Essezj v. Panke. (39 Eliz.) Fo the support and continuance of

a charity. By the gift and grant of well disposed persons, divers lands and

tenements in Witham, and also divers sums of money, were given for the repa-

ration of the church, the relief of the poor, and other charitable purposes; which

lands were settled in feoffees ; and the defendant having got possession thereof,

and moneys, and the deeds of settleihent, refuses to peiform said trusts, or to

appoint new feoffees in the names of those dead.

John Lloyd, D. D., vicar, Thomas .Baker,and Richard Wilborn,chureh-wardeis,and

poor of Writtle, v. Johndware et al., survivingfeoffees in trustfor said parish. (1596,

38 Eliz.) For the continuance of a charity. A messuage and land called Bookes in the parish of.Writtle, which in the year 1500 was given by Thomas

Hawkins to feoffees in trust for the poor of the said parish. 1. Wyllet and Thomas Sudbury, church-wardens and inhabitints of,the' town of

Mddleton, v. .Agnes Zliddleton, widow. ,(13 Eli'.) To 'recover -a'charitable pen-

sion. A' yearly rent of6s. 8d.payable to the parish of Middleton. charged upon.

a messuage and land in Middleton. John Whitehurst and Thomas .6mery, for themselveA .and other inhabitants tnd

parishionersof the parishof Dulerne in the county of Stafford, v. George Warner.

(1573, 15 EIiz.) For support of a charity. RobertWarner, deceased, and others,

inhabitants of the said parish, having a-sum of money to invest for the erecting

of a grammar-school and providing a schoolmaster, purchased therewith certain:

lands in Kenwalmerche, &c., in Devonshire, and applied the rents and profits

according to the trust; which lands afterwards became vested in defendant as surviving feoffee, who had received- other money-to purchase a messuage and

land in Fradley in the county of Stafford, which he neglected to do.

George Warner v. Whitehurst et al. (20 Eliz.) 'Cross bill setting forth the bill..

A decree and an award had been made by the several contending parties; and-

for carrying the said awar5 into execution, and to protect the plaintiff against

his arbitration bond signed by him, this.proceeding is instituted.

Fisher et at., inhabitants of Warwick, v. Robert .Phitipps and Thomas Cawdrey.

(1574, 15 Eliz.) For the recovery of sundry bequests of mdney left by will of

Thomas Okery, deceased, to be applied to charitable uses in the town of Warwick. John Rawley et al., inhabitants of the parish of Wllborough, v. Lewis et al. To

appoint new trustees of a charity. Lands. and tenements in parish of Wilbo-

rough, containing 120 acres, of which the defendants were surviving feoffees in

trust for vepairing the parish church.

VOL. .- 21 *

2

162

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

therein pointed out. The Book of Common Prayer 'was thus
legalized.
1 Mary, session 2, chap: 2, repealed the above. 1 Elizabeth, chap. 2. re-egtablished the aot of Edward, and extended to the people the mandate to use the Book of Common Prayer.
This was again repealed in the time of the Commonwealth. The 13 and 14 Charles 2, chap. 14,- was another uniformity act; and this was the state of the laws relating to religion when the charter of Pennsylvania.was granted in March, 1681.
Gifts to Catholic congregations were void. 'Moore, 784, cited in Boyle, 265-; 1 Salk. 162; 1 Eq. Ca. Abr. 96.
-When the statutes of conformity were in force all gifts contrary to them were void; and this is the origin of the doctrine of cy-.pres.
2 Vernon, 266. In 1688, 1 W. and M. chap. 18, toleration was extended to all
who would sign the thirty-nine articles with soine exceptions. This act is all that now supports a use in favour of dissenters. 2Vesey, 273, 275; 2Eq. Ca. Abr. 193; 3P. W. 144, 344; 1Vesey, 225; 3 Merivale, 409. See also 11 W. and Maiy, chap. 4, sec. 3, in which the toleration act is extend-to the colonies.
There is not. a wordin the. charter respecting toleration of any religion. Sect. 22 protects the church of England by saying that preachers sent by the Bishop of London may reside in the province.
The stat. 5 Anne, chap. 5, set. 8, in 1706 secured the rights of the Church of England, as establishedtin that country and the terni tories thereunto belonging. Froni the commencement of the reign of Anne 'to 1712 various disputes occurred between the colonist and the crown and governor respecting recognition 'of affirmation; the right.was asserted by the legislature for the third time in 1710. Wise and Brockden, app. 2, p. 43, 46,50; 1 Votes of Assembly, part 2, p. 130; Proceedings of Council, 517.
In 1712, the act of Assembly was passed permit ing religious societies to purchase ground, &c.', and declaring that gifts should go according to the intentions of the donors. The Assembly remembered Baxter's case, and intended to prohibit the doctrine of cy-pres. Whether dissenters were tolerated was discussed-till 1755. Smith's
Ilistory of New York, chap. 4, p. 213, 255, 257 'Bythe 8 George -1,chap. 6, Quakers were allowed to affirm.
Various occurrences took place betweeii 1719 and 1730 when the act of that year was passed, narrolvifig the ground of prior acts. In

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

163

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

1730,. in the case of Christ Church, an opinion 'as given by counsel recognising the law of charitable uses.
In Remingtorr v. The Methodist Church, this act was construed and a trust for the general Methodist Church held not to be.good,
bectuse it was not for the benefit of citizens of Pennsylvania. In 1776,. the first constitution of Pennsylvania, (Smith, .430,)
brought charitable uses under the protection of the fundamental law.
Sect. 45 says all religiou-s societies and bodies of men for advancement of learning or good and pious-uses shall be enit6uraged and protected in their property,.&c. "No act of incorporationh was necessary, because it s.ys, c united or incorporated" for "clearning" as well as ,religion'." The people had been struggling for seventy-six years to obtain from the crown the privilege of holding ground for churches. It was a part of their love of freedom. And now we are told that they have no rights except under the act of 1730.
The legislature made no corporation for any purpose whatever until 1768. -1 Smith, .279.
The proprietary incorporated churches,, because it-was said they had lost legacies; and this was the apology to the crown'for going against the English policy., There was only one attempt to destroy a charitable ise before the Revolution. In 1769 a will gave a legacy to an hospital and' the poor, to two corporations) Chrisf Church and St. Peter's. The heir brought an ejectment in 1776, and the church took the opinions of Wilcox and Wilson, both of whom affirmed that the bequest was good-at' law. In 1779, the cause was ended without' a decision of the question. These corporations were established in 1765 and became trustees for others. ..The property held is now of great value, and the trust is still kept up without any misranage-
ment. After the act of 1730, the governor said in 1734 that there was a
Catholic chur6hin Philadelphia where mass was said contrary to law; but the Assembly replied, that in the colony there was a toleration of all religions,, and there the matter ended. Worship is held there now.-
The city of Philadelphia still .holds and' administers Franklin's legacy' and so of those of irkpatrick, Blakeley, Scott and Goudenot. There are two other legacies, and the Freemason's Lodge gave a sum of inoney, all of which are now administered. Theie is a sepax
rate book, called, Devises and Grants." Are all these to te broken up?

164

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et a]. v. Girard's Executors.

The spirit of the statute of Elizabeth is extended to Ireland. 4 Dana's Abr. 5, 6; Shelford, 60.
They are also in Pennsylvania as part of the common law'; bequests for pious uses are made by all descriptions of persons, no matter hoW uncertain the objects of the charity may be. The Quakers have held their schools through trustees, and never been incorporated since the settlement of the colony. .Sbe 3 Watts, 440.
See 5 Watts, 493, where a trust for a school was said to be ccvague and uncertain ;" but the court said not, " for the neighbours got the benefit of it." Charity-schools have been favourites in the state, sustained by usage, without any referdnce to the statute of Elizabeth.
Manuscript case of Zimnierman decided in the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, on 6th January, 1844, where theke 'Was a bequest to an unincorporated society for the benefit of poor' orphans, and the court said it was good under the. constitution, although the statute of 43 Elizabeth is not in force.
17. The Americaft cases are as follows: 12 Mass. Rep. 537,546: 9 Cranch, 292, 43; 9 Cowen, 427, 437; 2 Peters, 566; 3 Peters, 501; 3 Shotwell, 9; 3Paige, 300*; 16 Pickering, 107; 6 Paige, 640; 7 Paige, 71; 7 Vermont Rep. 241; 4 Dana, 354; 3 Edwards, 79; 1 Voss, 96; 20 Wendell, 119; 24 Pickering, 146; 1 Hoffinan, 202.
The Virginia and Maryland cases are not cited because they followed the role laid down by this court in the case of the Baptist Association.

Segeant, on the same side.
The condition of the law in England and Pennsylvania has been well examined. . Lord Roslyn haF. said that chancery did not take cognisance of charitable uses 'before the statute of Elizabeth, but Lords Redesdale and Eldon say otherwise. Roslyn is known to us as the insulter of Dr. Franklin, and now the saine great people whom he represented, are harrassed because this same Lord Roslyn doubted almost the statute of Elizabeth. When the rubbish of three centuries is swept away and the old records of England brought to light and published, there is evidence enough that the law of charities before the time of Elizabeth was the same that it'is now in Pensylvania. But the counsel on the other, side complain that they cannot 'understand the law of Pennsylvania:" It is not necessary that they should; for all that is asked by us is, that she may be suffered to

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

165'

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Bxecutors.

enjoy the contributions of her own wise and good, accumuiating from the time that the first white man came there to gettle with the Bible in his hand. Girard came there after the constitution of 1776 and before that of 1791; he lived in an atmosphere of charities in Philadelphia; he saw Franklin's charity established and upheld by law,. administered by the city, and never heard its validity questioned. -Notribunal in the state was ever asked or would be permitted to. question Franklin's charity. Girard knew where to find the best legal advice, and undoubtedly had it. In Pennsylvania no argument would be listened to, such as we have heard here. We are invited to explain the law by those who do not want to understand it. It has been said by the other side, that no law can be considered as settled which has not been mooted; that is, that if.all the courts, for an indefinite period, decide in the same way, it is of no account unless some ingenious and subtl& mind calls the law into question. In one case, this court waited for the state'court in Ohio to expound its laws, and then followed the decision. In another case, the court
in Tennessee corrstrued its laws; this court adopted it. "Thdcourt in Tennessee reversed its decision; this eourl did so too. The pre-
sent is a question' of -Pennsylvania law, and we have heard the last decision 'of its highest state court in January,'1844, read from the manuscript. report. This conc'rs with 'all previous decisions; and yet the counsel on the other side say that they want a fixed system of law. Virginia and Maryland are the only,two states where the law is otherwise, and they followed what they understood to be the decision of this court in the case of the Bapti.t Association. The
question is not whether the Pennsylvania law is right or wrong, for we do not wish to impose it upon any one else. But the only ques: tlion is, what does the law of Pennsylvania say upon the point. Girard's will was made by the advice of the best counsel that could be found; it was proved as soon as he died; the executors went on to perform their trust, in presence of the proper courts and with uni-
versal consent; they paid large sums over to the city. The elaimants then brought an ejectdiaent, and exhibited this will to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, who found no objection to it. The city of Philadelphia brought a suit under it for some property; no judge nor counsel ever hinted that the will was'void. Five years passed. The legislature had passed a law immediately recognising the will as existing and valid ii all its parts. The preamble does'so. In the case of the Town of Pawlet, Mr. Justice Story says, " the crown

166

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

has recognised the existence of the town." Does the recognition of this will by the legislature go for nothing? The capacity of performing certain acts is adhiitted by the legislature, and is this not as effectupi as a recognition by the crown'? Ten charities are going on now in Philadelphia. Custom and usage make the common law of England., Why has'not Pennsylvania airight to enjoy her common
law, not imported in parcels and packages from England, but modified and altered by circumstances and made suitable to the people.
If we are not strong enough to stand alone, we might ask support from the other states whose law is the sfme with ours. Where did the doctrine of charities spring from? and from what quarter did it
enter into the heart of man? We are authorized to denounce as an infidel or worse, the man who hath not charity in his heart, As surely as the pilgrims acknowledged a higher power, so surely did they recognise the obligation to take care of their fellow-creatures. The people of the state are now a hospitable and charitable people, and wo be to him who endeavours to intercept the flow of the current. Where money is given to the poor, is any one at liberty to take it? Thou shalt not steal. This is property under the protection
of the court, and the right to it as sacred as that .ofany man to the enjoyment of his own. The voice of Pennsylvania is accordant and unbroken. We are called upon to examine what the chancellor did before the 43'_.of Elizabeth, three centuries ago; but this does not concern us.- It is now settled even there, that no charity shall fail; if it is indefinite, the king shall administer it. Whether there-are trustees or not, whether there be a corporation or not, all take. This charity would be safe in England; and yet it is said we must lose it unless we can show how matters were conducted three huhdrecl years ago. This is a heavy burden to lay on a charity. In Penn-
sylvania, as in England, the la* of charity established itself. No man can say when it began; it has always existed as,far as we know. What is the common law of England? Leaving out its being the perfection of re ason, it is such an application of rules as will promote the welfare of society. The law of charity has existed in England for sixteen hundred years,- some centuries before Alfred. Before Penn came over, there was a settlement of'Swede4 near Philadelphia, at Weccacoe, a brave- and moral people. They built a place of worship, and aboftt 1700 a: better ope which remains to this day. The charter of that church bears -date in 1765, but the first chuich was built in 1677. Where was the law of harities for these hun-

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

167

"

Vidal et al v. Girard's Executors.

dred years.? and what protected the graves around the church all this time? The same law that exists still. Christ Church was
seventy years without a charter. In Walnut street -therewas a chapel abhorrent to English law, where mass was said. It stood until it was taken down and replaced by a larger one. Who ever ofiered, to take away this church? What is the condition of the Philadelphia Library with its 50,000 volumes? It has always acted without a charter. Story supposes that the rudiments of this law of charities came from the civil law. Thurlow and Eldon thought so. too.. In 1138, the civil law came into England, and the canon law soon afterwards, and is part of the law of that country to this day. But how did it get into the civil law? It is said from Constantine. But
wherever Christianity went, charity went too. Gibbon says "t the apostate Julian complained that Christians not only relieved their own poor, but those of the heathen also." The revealed law is part
of the law of England.- Blackstone says so. When did Christianity. come into England? -It reached Rome in the .time of the apostles, where Paul and Peter both suffered. But when England? Some say at the same time that it was carried to Rome, and was there trodden -down fora time. The latest period is 597, the arrival of Augustine. An archbishop of Canterbury was then appointed, and there has been one ever since. If Christianity carried the law of charity to Rome,
it must have done so to England too.. It was a part of the common law after the sixth century. Where is there a spot upon earth, where Christianity is found, that the law of charity does not exist .also ? Alfred sent an embassy to the Christian churches in Syria, in the
ninth century, and had the ten commandments translated into Saxon.From one great source have flowed two sorts of charities, one religious, the other more general. The only difficulty that ever existed" in Pennsylvania related to the first class--religious charities. In the 14th centurylived Wickliffe, called the day-star of the Reformation ; a man confounded with turbulent men, but a professor of divinity and singularly learned. It was an object in that day to save England from paying tribute to the pope. From that time a religious struggle ensued. Henry 8 found the Roman Catholic religion firmly established, the revealed law being part of the law of England. Allparties admitted this. Fron the time of Augustine dowfi, the common law had been undergoing changes to suit the spirit of the age, but the revealed law was a part of it all the time. Tothill, -2-6, quoted by Judge Baldwin in McGill and Brown. To this. same

168

SUPREME COIURT.

Vidal et a]. v. Girard's Executors.

great source we owe the idea of a paternal power in -the state---a parenspatrie-not the king, nor the chancellor, but a power existing somewhere to take care of the sick, the widow, and the orphan. Take this away and we become a nation of savages. If there is no protection for the infant and the aged, the charm of civilization is lost. In Pennsylvania all this is cared for; by hospitals and hoises of refuge. No power is able to stop the flow of charity, be, tuse there is liberty of' conscience. The same .law-that enjoins upon a witness in court to tell the truth, instructs him to give to the poor. One is not less binding than the other. All that is asked of government is, that under the protection of law, the great duty of charity may bb. fulfilled; and it is proposed now to say to every one that he shall not do so; that his gift shall be forfeited. The law of charitable uses furnishes this protection. In the 17 Edward 2, in 1324, the Knights Hospitallers were made new trustees of a charity when the Templars were dissolved. Story (Equity, 403, 412) says, that charities are liberally corstrued, and in 415, " if the bequest be for charity, no matter how uncertain the beneficiaries may be, a court will sustain the legacy." See also 3 Peters, 484; 4 Wheat. 41; 7 Vermont Rep. 289.
A bequest is not void Ior uncertainty of persons. 7 Cranch, 45 2 story, 206; 6 Peters, 436, 437; 2 Peters, 256.
The law of charities existed in England prior to the time of Elizabeth. 2 Russell, 407.
The opinion given by Judge Baldwin in. the case of McGill and Brown, embraces all the law of Pennsylvania. The law bf this court is not different. The two cases cited in the decision of the Baptist Association apppar now to be reported differently in five different books, and this court afterwards said that a dedication to pious uses should be protected. , The case of the Baptist Society is reported in 3 Peters. If the counsel .on the other side construe this case rightly, then all charitable uses are swept away; but how then did it happen that Chief Justice Marshall afterwards said that eleemosynary corporations are to be encouraged. There cannot be a right without a full remedy'; and if a man has a right to give, his donation must be protected.
The constitution of 1776, sect.. 46, says, " all religious or charitable societies ought to be encouraged and protected." What does the 43 Elizabeth do? It directs charities to be looked up, amounting to twenty-one. Is not the fimdamental law ofa state ofas muchpotency

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

169

Vidal et al v. Girard's Executors.

as a British statute? The latter only looks to the past; the former

,to the future. The statute only includes twenty-one; the constitution

takes in alL It says " other pious and charitable purposes." These

words must be understood in their appropriate sense, according to

their meaning in England at that time. It is of higher authority

than the British statute, because it prohibited the legislature froi

doing any thing contrary to the principle which it established. The

constitution is a great land-mark; no one can dispute its authority

without treating the people of Pennsylvania with disrespect. In

Beatty and Kirk, (580,) the court say , the bill of rights of Mary-

land recognises the statute of Elizabeth -to some extent." Why

is not a recognition to the full extent by Pennsylvania equally

valid? Pennsylvania even adopts "csuperstitious uses," as they

are called in England. Her settlers were of every shade-of

opinion.

The monasteries in England were seized upon by Henry 8; but

the rapacity of his favourites was even greater than his own. Eng-

land presents now a great contrast of rich and poor. Some of the

largest fortunes -are owing to the benefactions of this king, such as

that held by the" family of Russel. The owner of. the "cpoor flat,

Bedford level," complained that Burke received £300 a year. Reli-

gious supremacy was established in the king. He laid down six

articles, containing th points in dispute between himself and Rome.

Who can tell what was then held to be c.a superstitious use?" At

the end of. the Reformation, it was punishable to believe what the

statute of 31 Henry 8 ordered. ' The test of .' superstitious .uses"

was constantly changing down to the time of Charles 2; the Pres-

byterians, Independents, &c., when uppermost, all trying to compel

conformity. Then our ancestors came, abhorriing religious dupre-

macy, bringing with them liberty of conscience, and" the whole law

of religious charities. They asked the crown to give them religious

endowments, but not charities, and were at last compelled to take

the act of 1730. ' Churches of all sects had been built, even Roman

Catholic. In Magill and Brown, page 55, note, Judge Baldwin

mentions forty-six charities, none of *hich were religious. The sta-

tutes 23 Henry 8, chap. 19, and 13 Elizabeth, chap. 1, make decrees

of synods a part of the law of the land.

The Pennsylvania act of 1791, (Purdon's Digest, p. 181,) recites

that any persons who mean to associate for the purposes of charity,

may be incorporated with the approbation of the attorney-general.

'VOL. M-22

P

170

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Exec'utors.

There never has happened a case where the property of any religious society, Jew or Catholic, was seized upon.
There are two objections made to the validity of the devise. I. That the proposed system of educaiion is unchristian. 2. That the beneficiaries are too uncertaii. As to the first, all conscientious scruples, honestly entertained, are entitled to great respect. If any man who has charge of an orphan boy is afraid to send him to the college, he may keep him away without censure. It is merely an invitation to come. The constitutgn of Pennsylvania respects all scruples of conscience, and if children were to be dragged in .And kept by force, it would be a violation of its principles, -Dut the will in effect says " obey conscience and yield it to nobody." This scruple is of recent origin. It is not alleged in the bill. Perhaps the complainants felt no scruples then, but do ziow. If they slumbered so long, they ought to have some chafity for Mr. Girard, in whose breast they never awaked, But a great prize is now to be reached, and the judgment may be affected bythe will. Two -things must be made out to overthrow the devise upon this ground 1. That it is a superstitious use. 2. That. it is inseparable-fiora the trust. The question is m.ore suitable to a theological board than a court of justic6. That the law of charity is the law of the land, is not a proposition depending upon theological inquiry. In Baxter's case, the court was not called upon to say which party was right, but only to decide what it was that the statute,said; and because Baxter was a non-conforinist, the trust was declared void. What could a Pennsylhania judge have done in such a case? He would find liberty of conscience established by the constitution; that in the constitution of the United States it is provided that Congress shall make no law affecting religion; and that Mr..Madison once affixed his veto to a bill incorporating a church under an apprehension that it trenched upon this deliate giound. It never was held that a charitable devise must make provision for religious education. In the list of forty-six before cited, thirty-seven are for mere charity. Does any one desiie'that the old times- in religion should return, when a man was allowed to do good only in a particular way, and in no other? What was the spirit that led to burning the convent near Boston? Precisely this. Religious acrimony now destroys property, if it does not doom-to the stake.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

171

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Eiecutors.

We have nothing to do with Mr. Girard's religious opinions. If any dne. thin he can lead a better life, with' equal humility and more zeal, let him try. Instead of there 'being any thing against religion in the will, there is a manly and unaffected testimony in its favour. The boys are directed to cadopt'such religious tens as mature reason may prefer ;" any tenet, vithout exception. The will then holds -religion to be inseparable from human character, but thinks the best way of forming that portibn of the character is by attending to it at mature age.- -Itis a speculative question. Can it be said that Girard had no respect for religion? He showed a religious heart by bestoing upon the poor-what God had given'-him, so that, like Franklin's legacy, " it might go' round." His desire was that the children should 'be educated in the' manner which he thought the best, to make them religious. Who isto decide whether it is the best way or not? The objection assumes that the Bible is. not to be taught at all, or that laymen are incapable of teaching it. There is not the least evidence of an. intention to prohibit it from being taught. On the contrary, there is an obligation to teach what the Bible alone can teach, viz. a pure system of-morality.
Is it true that ministers alone can-teach religion? The officer at, the hiad of the institution (Professbr Bache) is a religious man. Can
he not expound religion as well as.science to his pupils ? . The laymen are the' support, at last, of all churches. The "nextposition -willbe that clergymen are responsible. fQE every thing, and that a man cardo nothing for himself. Every one has to teach his own childred. Why can he not equally instruct'those of 'other people?" The, orplians are not to enter the college until a contract is made for them by'somebody. According to the common law, an infant can bind hitnself so some extent by a contract. So he can here. It must be sandtioned by his guardians too, Noone-objects to a child being bound out in a vessel where, of course, there is. a great chance of his' dying without the benefit of religous:,services, and where his voice, when in extremes, cannot redach afi ear which, it is said, it ought to do. We must, upon this doctrine', condemn the House of Refuge.' -But we may trust that tUe cry bf' a child will be heard in mercy, although it may not reach the-ear'of a priest. If a father should refuse "toinstruct his children in religion, can the state interpose? Suppose that the iwill had faade-no.provision on the subject, and. the governors of the college ha_ adopted this same regulation,
would the court have denounced, it as a violation of their duty?

172

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

The case of the University of Virginia is far beyond this. There is no professor of theology, nor instruction in divinity. These *things are purposely omitted, from a fear that the institution ;night become sectarian. If Virginia permits it, she is' the judge-of its propriety and not we. But Girard has neither prohibited religious instruction nor a professorship. What will the United States do with the Smithsonian legacy ? -Congress cannot connect religion with it. Clothing and.feeding the poor are worthy objects. Girard is said to have expressed 'himself in terms derogatory to Christianity. Suppose he had- used a different pbraseology, and said that none but laymen should be admitted into the college. This would not have been objectionable, and yet precisely the same result have been brought about. Children are to be fed and clothed. This is not a superstitious use, and must stand. Will you destroy the patient, if there is'an unsound limb? The case is 1eft with the court with a perfect conviction that -it will not 'put the -knife to the throat of this most useful charity.

Webster,.for the appellants, in reply.
The complainants in this-cause are the next of kin to Stephen Girard, who come here to try the'validity of a devise, purporting to establish what has been called a charity. The counsel on the opposite side have assailed their motives, accusing them of.wis]ng to -steal the bread of the orphan, and have censured them'for coming to this court instead of resorting to the tribunals of Pennsylvania. The plainfiffi are foreigners, and have a right to come here under the Constitution of the United States. Are they to be reproached for it? But the ansiver to this objection has already been fiished by the opposite counsel, when they say that in Pennsylvania, the complainants would not have been permitted to question the devise. Here, they are sure of a patient hearing.. The cause was not argued in the Circuit Court because the question- arose in 'that court in 1833, upon the construction of the will of Sarah Zane,* and the court in its opinion, decided the point. It would,. therefore, have been useless to renew the argument there, but the best way was to bring the subject directly up for review.
It was said by the opening counsel, (Mrs Jomes,) that in England charities are often superintended by-the king in virtue of hs prerogative, and that no analogous power can exist in a republican govern-

See Appendix.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

173

Vidal et al v. Girard's Executors.

ment, where there can be no parens patri&; and it was also said that in order to establish a peculiar and local common law in Pennsylvania, one decision is not enough, but there must be a series of decisions to sustain a system of law. Both these positions are correct.
But the attention of the court will be directed in the first place to that clause. in the will which excludes clergymen, &c., from the college; and it is.worthy of reflection whether th6 devise must not be maintained, if maintained at all, upon the ground of its being a charitable devise, and as such entitled to special favour. It is a proposition of the highest magnitude, whether in the eye of jurisprudence it is any charity at all; the affirmative cannot be supported by law, or reasoning, or decisions. There are two objections to it.
1. The plan. of education 'isderogatory to the Christian religion, tending to weaken men's respect for it and their conviction-of its importance. It subverts the only foundation of public morals, and
therefore it is mischievous and-not desirable. 2. It is contrary to the public law and policy of Pennsylvania. The clause is pointedly opprobrious to the whole clergy; it brands
them all without distinction of sect. .Their very presence is supposed to be mischievous. If a preacher happens to have a.sick relative in the college, he is forbidden to visit him. H6w have the great body of preachers deserved to be denied even the ordinary rites of
hospitality? In no country in the *orld is there a body of-men who have done so much good as the preachers of the United States; they derive no aid from government, constitute no hierarchy, but live by the voluntary contributi6ns ofthose to whom theypreach. It astonishes the old world that we can get on in this way. We have done something in law and politics towards our contribution for the benefit of mankind; but nothing so important to the human race ashy establishing the great truth that the clergy can live by voluntary support. And yet they are all sllut out from- this college. Was there ever an instance bef6re, where, in'any Christan country, the whole body of the clergy were denounced? The opposite counsel have gone as far back as Constantine in their history of charities; but have they found or can they find a single case, where opprobrium is fixed upon the whole clergy? We have nothing to do with Girard's private character, which has been extollei for benevolence, .Be it so. We are asked if he cannot'dispose of his property.* But the law cannot be altered to-suit Girard. Whatiseharity? it is the indulgence. ofikind affeetions-.love-sympathy for our fellow-creatures. In a narrow sehse
P 2

174

StuPRI'ME COURT.'

Viail et al. v. Girard's Executors.

it means alms, relinf td the poor. . But the question is, what is it in a legal sense? 'The object here is to .estbl a school of learning and shelter; to give a better education. The counsel upon the other side are right in spealdng of chaiity as an emanation of Christianity. But if this be so, there can be no charity where the authority of God is derided and his word rejected. If it becomes an unbeliever, it is no longer charity. There is no example in the books of a charity where Christianity is excluded. There may be a charity for a school without a positive provision for Christian teachers, but where they are expressly- excluded, it cannot be such a charity as is entitled to the special favour aild protection of a court. It is said by the counsel
on the other side that Pennsylvania is not an infidel state, but a Christian 'community; and yet children who are orphans, with no parents to lo6k after them,' are directed to be shut in to stay until they approach manhood, during the age when the character is formed, and if they hapFen'to have any connections or friends who are clergymen,.they are excluded from ever seeing them. There are two objectionable features in-this restriction in the will. The first is that all clergymen are exclidd from the college; and the second, that a
cruel experiment is to be made upon these orphans, to ascertain whether they cannot be brought up without religion.
[Mr. Webster here, read a passage from one of the works of the late Bishop White upon this point.]
The doors ofthe college are open to infidels. The clause, as it stands, is as derogatory to Christianity as if provision had been made for lectures against it. If it be said that ihfidels will not be encouraged, the ans-ver is, that a court can only judge of the tendency of mbasures. The trustees must not be supposed to violate the will. But it is said by the counsel that lay teaching can be substituted for
clerical. There are at least four religi6us sects which do-,not allow this mode of teaching-religion; and it is as much against the spirit of the will as teaching by clergymen. The object is to have no religious teachifig at all, because in this way controversy will be avoided. Lawyers are as much seetarians as clergymen, and lay teaching leads' as directly to controversy as lay preaching. The intention of the will is, that the boys shall choose their own religion when they grow up, The idea was dra&n from Paine's Age of Reason, 211, -where it is said ," let us propagate morality unfettered by superstition." Girard had no secrets, and therefore used the

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

175

Vidal et aL . Girard's Executors.

words whith he considered synonymous with "superstition," viz.: cc religious tenets."
Ministers are the usual and appointed agents of Christ. In.human affairs, where the ordinary means of attaining an object are rejected, the object is understood to be rejected also ; much more is this the case when the means are of divine authority. In the New Testament preaching is ordered both before and after the crucifixion. "cIf any man refuse to hear," &c. " Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature.", Different sects have different forms of worship, but all agree that preaching is indispensable. These appointed agencies have been the means of converting all that part of the world which is now Christian. What country was ever Christianized by lay-teaching? By what sect was religious instruction ever, struck out of education ? None. Both in the Old and New Test ments its importance is recognised. In the Old it is said " Thou shalt diligently teach them to thy children," and in the New, -Suffer little children to come unto me and forbid them not." But this will requires religion to be put off till mature years,-as if a knowledge of man's duty and destiny was not the earliest thing to be learned. Man is the only sentient being who- ]xgow§ that he is eternal; the question "If a man dies, shall he live again?" can be.solved by
religion alone. Is this school a charity ? What is to become of the Sabbath. It
is not intended to say that this institution stands upon the same au' tority as preaching, but still it is a part of' Christianity. All sects have a day which is holy, and hold its observance to be important. Lay teachers will not do. Where are the children to go to church, even if they go out of the college? There is no Christian father or" mother who would not rather trust their children to the charity of the world at large, than provide in this way, for their bodily comforts. The single example of the widw's mite, read as it has been to hundreds of nillions of people, has done more good than a hundred marble palaces. No fault can be found with Girard -for wishing a marble college to bear his name for ever, but itis not valuable unless it has a fragrance of Christianity about it.
The reasons which the testator- gives are objectionable andderogatory to Christianity; they assume that a difference of£opiniron upon some religious tenets is, of more imp6rtance than a Christian education, and in order to get rid of superfluous brancheS, they lay the axe to the root of the tree itself., The sa~he objection is made

176'

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors,

by all the lower and vulgar class of the opponents of Christianity. T'ne first step of infidelity is to clamour against the multitude of sects. Volney, 84, (Ruins of Empires,) says, cthey all preach damnation against each other, and all cry out 'our holy religion.'" The.opposite counsel say that Girard was in a difficulty, because if he had thrown open the college to all sects indiscriminately,, they would not have agreed with each other. But if it had been so, these orphan. children would not have been in a worse condition than other children, and what father would not have preferred that -his children should go to this college -under any form, than no form of religion? All sects believe in a 'future state and in a creator of the world. Suppose we carried out these principles of exclusion into our social relations. Differing as ve do about 'govemment,.it would tear up society by the ropts. All preachers unite in many points; they would all agree with Franklin, who is reported in the letters of John Adams to his wife, to-have said in the days of trduble, "let ushave prayers."
[Mr. Binney here cited the following authorities to show that
Jewish charities can'be sustained. 1 Ambler, 228, note; 2 Swanston, 487 ; 7 Vesey, 417; Sheltford, 107; Boyle, 27.]
Mr. Webster said the distinction between the Jewish cases and the present is, that the -former were within the brdinary rules of law, whereas this devise could only be sustained by being brought .under the peculiar favour of the court, as it belongs to that class of charities. But what -would be the*condition of a youth coming fresh from this college? He could not be a witness inany court. He had. never been taught to believe in a future state of rewards and punishments, because this is a "ctenet" upon vhich he is enjoined not to make up his mind until he can .examine for himself. What parent would bring up-his child to the age of eighteen years without teaching him religion? What is an oath in heathen lands as well as our own? It is a religious appeal, founded upon a confviction that perjury will be punished hereafter.. But if no superior power is acknowledged, 'ke party cann6t be a witness. Our lives and liberties and-property all rest upon the sanctity of oaths. It is said that there will be no teaching against Christianity in this college, but I deny it. The fundamental doctrine is, that the youthful heart is not a proper receptacle for religion. ,This is not the 'charity of instruction. In monasteries education was always blended with -religious teaching. The stahitf 4 Henry 4, chap. 12, in 1402, established charities of religion, (2 Pickering, 433,) and directed the s.choolmaster to perform

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

.177

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

divine service, and instruct the children. 1 Edward 6, chap. 14, to

the same effect. 2 Swanston, 526, 529, says that care was always

taken to educate youths in the. doctrines of Christianity, which is a

part of the common law of England. That-it is so, see 1 Benson,

296 ; 2 Strange, 834; 3 Merivale, 405' 2 Brn's Ecclesiastical

Law, 95; 2 Russell, 501; Younge and Collyer's.Reports in Chan-

cery, 413, Attrirney-General v. Cullum, a fl authority.

.

-In this last case there was a charity for the use 6f the parish,'but

no provision for rqligious education. The court said that if the fund

were to be applied to education at all, a part of it must go'to religious

education; not the particular doctrines of the Church of England,'

but religion in a more, comprehensive sense.

Bache, in his Course of Education in Europe, describes a moni-

toral so¢ool in. Liverpool -upon Bell's plan, hut divine service is

performed every Sunday. In Shepherd, 105, the cases are sum-

med up.

As to the Sithsonian legacy and the University of Virginia, the

former is not carried out, and. the latter is no charity. Upon this

branch of the case the whole argument may be presented in the fol-

lowing question, ,Is a schooli founded clearly on the prihciples of

infidelity, a charity in the appropriate sense of that word ?"

2. What is the law or public policy of Pennsylvania?

If there be a settled policy there, no gift or devise to overturn it

can be recognised. It is an independent state, a-popular govern-

ment recognising all guarantees of popular liberty. It is lawful to

speak or write against all these guarantees, such as trial by jury, &c.,

but if the aid of a court be asked to carry on these. attacks, it will be

refused.

Mr. Girard in his lifetime might have paid people to write against

the right of suflige* but it is a different thing when it assumes the

shape of a charitable devise, and requires the strong aid of a court

to carry out the design. The Christian religion is. as much a part'

of the public law as any of these guarantees. , The charter says that

Penn came over to spread the Chr stian religion; and the legislatures

have often acted upon this principle, as where they punished the

violation of the Lord's day. 'That it is a part of the common law,

see 11 Serg. and Rawle, 394, Updegraff v. The Commonwealth.

So the court set aside a trust because it was iic'onsistent with public

policy. See the case of the Methodist church, 5 Watts. The policy

of a country is established either by law, or courts, or general con-

VoL. I.-23

178

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

sent. That Christianity is a part of the public law of Pennsylvania
by general consent, if there "were no other source of authority, the churches, meeting-houses, spires, and even grave-yards over the face of the country all show. The dead prove it as well as the
living.' If the trust cannot be executed, can it be reformed ?
Who is to do'it?- The doctrine of cy-pres cannot apply and give the benefit to some other society. It would be an extravagant appli-
cation of the doctrine. Who is to supply the place of the trust stricken out? The trustee cannot. It is a case where there is no doubt of the intentions of the testator. They are positive. In other caes there is room for discretion, but none here. The testator calls these articles restrictions and limitations. Courts of equity have gone to an extravagant.length in cy-pres cases, but it is impossible to reach
this. 7 Vesey, 490, said that if authority were out of the way, the gift
would. be void; and the case be one of intestacy; but the court thought itself bound to follow authority and decree that the testator -should be charitable in the court's way. See also Strange, 127, Attorney-General v. Dowling. But the entire doctrine of cy pres is rejected by the Pennsylvania courts. See 11 Serg. and Rawle, 93; 1 Watts, 226.
As to the second division of the argument of the case, what is the law of Pennsylvania with respect to such devises?
This court will adopt the construction which, the courts of a state place upon its laws. 2 Cranch, 87; 11 Wheat. 361; 2Peters, 58; 6 Peters, 290 ; 12 Wheat. 153. Thefe have been four cases de; cided in Pennsylvania, viz.: 17 Serg. and 'Rawle, 88, Witman v. Lex; 1 Pennsylvania Rep. 49, McGin v. Aaron.; 3 Rawle, 170, Mayor, &c. v. Elliott, &c.; 1 Watts, 218, Methodist Church v. Remington. All these cases are in our favour, except a single dictum in one of them. The opposite counsel are obliged to reject'the points decided in two. In. the first case it was decided that the statute of Elizabeth was not in force, and the devise was not so uncertain as to be void.. The second was a gift to a congregation for a house of religious worship; in the third there was no uncertainty in the cestui gue trust,,and in the fourth the trust was declared void.
The old' records of England do not militate against the decision of this court in the case of the Baptist association., (4.Wheat. 1.) There is-believed to be no case in them of an indefinite charity in

JANUARY -TERM, 1844.

179

Vidal et al. v. Girardfs Executors.

perpetuity sustained by the authority of chancery prior to the time of Henry 8. Corporations competent to take, whether aggregate or sole, are not included within this .remark. Decisions before the 43 Elizabeth are apt to be misunderstood, because the term cc charity" is applied to cases where there is no uncertainty. 1 Proceedings in Chancery, 208. Of the fifty cases cited from the old records, only three are given at length; in one of which the objects of the trust are specially declared, and in the other two there was a license from the king. All the cases referred to did not take place before the time of Elizabeth.*

6 The following remarks upon the old records of England, were hastily drawn
up and presented to the court by Mr. Ccdwlladcr, one of the counsel for the complainants:-
The new information developed by the researches of the counsel of the appel-
lees,.upon the obscure subject of the law of charities before the statutes 39 and 43 Eliz., tends rather to confirm than to invalidate the opinion of this court. expressed in the BapgistChurch.case, that there is no satisfactory evidence of an uncertain charity of indefinite duration having been enforced before the statute, or since the statute without its aid.
Cases of frankalmoigne, the Templars ihY Hospitalers, &c., &c., were those of corporations sole or aggregate. Counsel, on both sides concur that the dissolution of monasterieS, and of certain ecclesiastical aggregate and sole corporations, and the recusancy and consequent disfranchisement of many incumbents of benifices of this descri7'ion, had, by the time of Elizabeth, caused many charities, previously valid, fail for want of their anterior support of corporate trustees or administrato:i. The recitals and enactments of the statutes of this and the previous reigns, and particularly of the 39 and 43 Eliz. may be explained by a due regard to this portion of the previous history of Englapd. This is affirmed on both sides of the argument. It is not perceived that any just reasoning on this foundation tends to support the proposition that indefinite uncertain charities could subsist-,without the aid of an incorporation. On the contrary, the natural infeience appears to be, that they could mot be otherwise maintained,. without statutory assistance.
Judicial recognitions of charities before 39 and 43 Eliz. are liable to be misapplield, unless due care be observed in ascertaining the definition of a charilk. as understood at that day. The cases in which nothing more is said thau thilt .the trust, or use, or purpos was a charitable'one, prove nothing.. Whatevijr. the true modem.technical definition- may be, the passages cited from Reeves' History I;.ove, that the term charity in the olden time was frequently.applied to trusts which were neither uncertain in their objects.nor perpetual in their duration; in other words, to subjects for which a trust could have bben"maintained according to the o.rdinary -rules of property, as contradistinguished from the rules of charities. Edwards v. Kimpton, read from (Record Commission) 1 Ca

180

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

The acts of the legislature- of Pennsylvania after the death of Girard can have no effect upon the iights of parties which were then vested.
The case in 3 Peters, 99, 115, Inglis v. The Trustees of the

lendar of Proceedings in Chancery, 280, was the case of a rent granted lor the relief of the converts inhabiting the houge belonging to-the Master of the Rolls. In Lyon v. Hews, same publicaion, vol. 2, p. 44, both bill and answer mention works of charity as the objects of the trust to be enforced, and s4tate that"the property had been left for religious and charitable purposes But the-purposes and objects of this trust were specifically declared, and were, 1st. Finding a pri6 xt by a year in a certain church; 2d. Making an aisle in the porch of the same church; 3d. Marriage of five poor maidens; and 4th. Amending the highways in the lane behind the mews. Of these uses none was to be extended to a -perpetuity, and none was in any greater degree uncertain than must necessarily be the case with objects of a power or discretion exercisable within the period of a perpetuity. So in Alderman Symond's case, in Moore's Readings, Duke, 163"; the "charitable use," decreed before the statute, "upon ordinaiy and judicial equity in chancery," though not described as to its objects, appears to have been -one of which a final disposition could be made within a reasonable period. The case in 38 Assizes, 222, (a) Vol. 3, was one in which the distribution, for the good of the testator's soul, was to be made by his executors; i. e. within a life in being. Of the fifty cases quoted from these Calendars, three only are stated at length. 'Of the rest nothinimore than a meager abstract is presented. Of the three which are given at large, one, Lyon v. Hews, is mentioned above. In each-of the two others, a patent or license had been obtained from the crown, enabling the trustees to hold the land conformably to the provisions of the trust. In many of the other cases, the proceedings, if given in full, would doubtless indicate the same thing. The statutes of mortmain must otherwise have prevented the grants from being available. One of the- cases mentioned in the Calendar, vol. 2, p. 264, Newton. v.Kitteridge, a bill to protect the complainant's title agan'st an inquisition for charitable uses, by which his laud had been found to have been given to the poor of Aldham, certainly occurred after, and was -founded on the 43 or 39 EIiz. The same thing is probably true of very many of the others of which the date is not given. It is remarkable that although all of the cases in the Calendar on various subjects are entitled as of the reign of Elizabeth, or of earlier reigns, some of them, in the places where abstracted, are stated to have occurred during the usurpation, and others at dates in the reign of James L Of all the cases in ihe Calendar, only seven, including the three above mentioned, are shown to have occurred before the statute 39 Eliz. But all this is perhaps unimportant here. Upon such examination as-has been practicable, it is apprehended that none of the cases previous to 39 Eliz., and none of those'of uncertain date, can be said "afirmatively to have been,instances of indefinite perpetual
charity. To understand some of them it is necessary to refer to 1 Edw. 6, c. 14, which
made masters of grammar schools corporations sole; and to understand a

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

181

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

Saior's Snug Harbour, rested upon the ground that the devise was good as an executory devise.
If the devise in trust be void in this case, what btcomes of the fee? It must rest somewhere. In England' where a devise was made to a corporafioji which could not take, the fee was decided to be in the heir at law. Hobart, 136. But where a court of chancery charges itself with the whole administration of the charity, it takes
possession of the fee as an incident to this power. In Pennsylvania there is no such authority anywhere, and this court cannot exercise it. What is done in England is done by virtue of the statute of Elizabeth,.which has no force in this case. Suppose the corporation had renounced the trust, what would have become of the fe ? Could the court in such case have divested the heirs of the fee and appointed another trustee? There is no power to remodel a trust as in England, or to exercise a right of visitation.
There is a want of power in the trustee to administer the charity. The fee must rest in the'entire body of the corporation whilst others

larger number of them, it will be right to refer to the doctrine which prevailed before. the statute of Elizabeth, under which, gifts of chattel f to the poor of a municipal or religious' corporation, were sustained as gifts to the corporation; a doctrine which affirms the coipetency of the corporation, and the incapacity
of the poor. This doctrine is thus laid down in the note to the case in 38 Assizes, mentioned above.* It is there stated to have been the opinion of the court that if a man give bond or other thing, to A. and B., parishioners of a certain church. and to the parishioners of the said church, the gift is good, and it vests in the church, &c. The same doctrine, in those days, was held in the case of land
where there had. been a license or dispensation with the mortmain acts. Of course the same rule applied where there was a trust for a corporation, or for its poor, or its members. If the purposes of the, grant were consistent
with the objects of the charter, the gift could be sustained independently of the peculiar law of charities. Now, with the exception of four or five instances where the oharity does not appear to have been of undefined duration, and of 'which the date, whether before or after the statute 39 Eliz. does not appear, it is believed, subject to correction, that in all the cases cited from this Calendar,
and not already particularly noticed, there had been a grant or devise to, or iii trust for, a municipal or private corporation ; and in most instances the pMr_"eedin.g was by, oron behalf of,.such a corporation. These eases, therefore, furnish
strong negative evidence that the law before the statuteb 39 and 43 Eliz. did not rest on the 'same footing as it has since stood upon. If it had been thus established, the .tgastees for the inhabitants of a municipality, or for the poor of a parish or a church, would not have needed the protection o the corporations and quai corporations, under whose capacity to take and to enjoy, they appear
to hate thought it necessary'to shilter themselves.
Q

182

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et aL v. Girard'sExecutors.

are administering the trust. It is true that sometimes trusts have been conferred on the heads of corporations, and the whole body been held responsible. But the will here can give no power. There is no connection between this trust and the powers of the corporation. The school is out of the city, and the only interest'which the city has in it is that some of the poor may be provided for. But suppose a defalcation to take place. The mayor, &c.; are chosen for the purpose of laying city taxes for city purposes. Can they levy a tax to replace the sum thus abstracted? Are the whole people of the city responsible by taxation for an abuse of trust? Yet they are a part of the corporation which is the trustee. The 16 section of the charter contains the power to hold land, but this does not go far enough. If the dity cannot execute the trust, what becomes of it? It was the intention of the testator -that a particular trustee and no other should execute it, and if that trustee is incapable of doing it, the trust must fail atogether.
'By the Pennsylvaniastatufes of 1730, 1791,, and 1833, the policy of -the state is shown to be that a moderate limit is fixed for the amount of property held for religious or charitable purposes, first of .Z6500, and afterwards $2000. These laws are intended. to act upon just such devises as this. Can it be said, with these laws in view, 'that an unincorporated body, such as these boys, or any one in trust for them, can hold property to the amount of $2,000,000 ? The
policy of the state is to prevent large 'amounts in perpetuity, and if any one desires to exceed" the limits fixed in those laws he must apply to the legislature for a special permission. Constitution of Pennsylvania, sect. 37 ; Purdon's Digest, title Estates-tail.
Where is the supervisory power over this trust? In 2 Vesey, 43, Attomey-G~neral v. Foundling Hospital, it is said that chancery must supervise. When it is given to a corporation with povCer to trustees to go on, there is no need of a supervisory power- except to protect the fund. 2 Bro. Chan. Ca. 220, 236.
. In 17 Vesey, 409, it is said that if there ar6 no visitors appointed in the charter, the chancellor interferes to visit, through a petition addre sed to him as keeper of the great seal, representing the king in person. But there is no such power to be found any where in Pennsylvania. Girard should have provided for a charter, and the legislature could have seen how much property was going into mortmain and: directed accordingly.'
The city is incapable of executina this trust because it cannot make

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

1S3

Vidal et' aL v. Girard's Executors.

contracts beyond the range of its charter. Suppose the tust should not be faithfully carried out by any agents, and the corporation be held responsible. In Pennsylvania; in case of a judgment against a corporation, any money on its way to the treasury can be arrested. In Bridgeport, Connecticut, the corporation issued bonds upon which there was a judgment, and private property in dwelling-houses seized in execution; yet these persons could not prevent the bonds from
being issued. There is no security anywhere for any species of property except by holding corporaltons to a strict exercise of their power. No good can be looked for from this college. If Girardhad desired to bring trouble, and quarrel, and struggle upon the city, he could have done it in no more effectual .way. The plan ii unblessed in design and unwise in purpose. If the court should set it aside, and I be instrumental in contributing to that result, it will bethe crowning mercy of my professional life.

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the court.
This cause has been argued with great learning and ability. Many topics have been discussed in the arguments, as illustrative of theprincipal grounds of controversy, -with elaborate care, upon which, however, in the view which we have taken of the merits of the cause, it is not necessary for us to express any opinion, nor even to allude to their bearing or application. We shall, therefore, confine ourselves to the exposition of those questions and principles which, in our judgment, dispose of the whole matters in litigation; so far at least as they are proper for the final adjudication of the present suit.
The late Stephen Girard, by Lis will dated the 25th day of December, A. D. 1830, after making sundry bequests to his relatives and friends, to the city of New Orleans, and to certain specified charities, proceeded in the 20th clause of that will to make the following bequest, on which the present controversy mminly hinges. cc XX. And whereas I have been for a long time impressed,"' &c. [See the statement prepared by the reporter.]
The testator then proceeded to give a minute detail of the plart and structure of the college, and certain rules and regulations for the due managemenrt and government thereof, and the studies to be pursued therein, "compiehending reading, writing, grammar, arithmetic, geography, navigation, surveying, practical mathei.atlcs, astronomy, natural, chemical, and experimental philosophy, the

184

SUPREME C O'URT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

French and Spanish languages," (not forbidding but not recommending the Greek arid Latin languages,) cc and such other learning and science as the capacities of the severa scholars may merit or war-
rant." He then added, c I would-have them taught facts and things rather. than words or signs; and especially T desire that by every proper means a pure attachment to otr republican institutions, and to the sacred rights of conscience as guarantied by our happy constitufions shall be formed and fostered in the minds of the scholars."
The persons who are to receive the benefits of the institution he declared to be, cc poor white male orphans between the ages*of six and ten years; and no orphan should be admitted until the guardians, or directors' of the poor, or other proper guardian, or other competeft. authority, have given by indenture, relinTishment or dt erwise, adequate power to the mayor, aldermen, and citi-
zens of Philadelphia, or to directors or others by them appointed, to enforce in relation to each orphan every proper restraint, and to prevent relatives or others from interfering with, or withdrawing such orphan from the institution." The testator then provided for a preference, 4,first, to orphans born in the city of Philadelphia; secondly, to those born in any other part of Pennsylvania; thirdly, to those born in the city of -NewYork; and lastly, to those -bornin the city of New Orleans." The testator further provided that the orplan "sch6lars who shall merit it, shall remain in the college until they shall "respectively arrive at between fourteen and eighteen years of age."
The testatbr then, after suggesting that in relation .to the organization of the college and its appendages, he leaves necessarily many details to the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia, and their successors, proceeded to say: c there are, however, some restrictions whith I consider it my duty to prescribe, and to be, amongst others, conditions on which my bequest for said college is made and to be enjoyed, namely: First, I enjoin and require," &c. [See statement of the reporter.] This second injunction and requirement isthat which has been so elaborately commented on at the bar, as derogatory to the Christian religion, and upon which something will be hereafter suggested in the course of this opinion.
The testator then -bequeathed the sum of $500,000 to he invested, and the income- thereof applied to lay out, regulate, and light and pave a passage or street in the east part of the city of Philadelphia, fronting the river Delaware, not less than twenty-ohe feet wide and to be called Delaware Avenue, &c.; aud to this intent to obtain such

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

. 185

Vidal at al. v. Girard's -Executors.

acts of Assembly, and to make such purchases or agreements as -ill

enable the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of -Philadelphia to remove

or pull down all the buildings, fences, and obstructionsi which may

"be in the way, and to prohibit all buildings, fences, or erections of any kind to the.eastward of said avenue, &c., &c. ; and he proceeded

to give other minute directions touching the same.

The testator then bequeathed to the eonmonwealth of Pennsyl-

vania the sum of $300,000 for the purpose of internal improvement

by canal navigation, to be paid into the state treasury as soon as such

laws shall be enacted by the legislature to carry into effect the seve-

ral improvements before specified, and certain other improvements.

The testator then bEqueathed the remainder of the residue of his

personal estate in trust to invest the same in good securities, &c., so

that the whole shall form a permanent fund; and to apply the income

thereof to certain siecified purposes, which he proceeds to name; and then said: ccTo all which objeets,"'&c. ISee statement of the

reporter.]

These are the material clauses of the will which seem necessary

-to be brought under our review in the present controversy. By a

codicil dated the 20th of June, A.*D. 1831, the testator made the

following provision: " Whereas I, Stephen Girard, the testator named

in the foregoing will ard testament; dated February 16th, 1830, have

since the execution thereof, purchased several parcels and pieces of

land and real estate, and have built sundry messuageg, all of which,

as well as any real estate that I may hereafter purchase, it is my

intention to pass by said will; and whereas, in particular, I have

recently purchased from Mr. William Parker, the manion-house,

out-buildings, and forty-five acres and some perches of land, called

·Peel Hall, on the Ridge road. in Penn T'wnship: Now, I declare

it to be my intention, and I direct, that- the*orphan establislment,

provided. for in my said will, instead of being built as therein directed.

upon my square of ground between High and Chestnut and Eleventh

and Twelfth streets, in the city of Philadelphia, shall be built upon the estate so purchased from Mr. W. Parker, and I hereby devote

the said estate to that purpose, exclusively, in the same manner as I

had devoted the said square, hereby directing that all the improve-

ments and arrangements for the said orphan establishment, prescnbed

by my said will, as to said square, shall be made and executed upon

the said estate, just as if I had in my will devoted the said estate to said purpose-consequently, the said square of ground is to consti-

VOL. IL.-2

2

SUPREME COURT.
Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.
tute, and I declare-it to be a part of the residue and remainder'of my rQ and- personal estate, and given and devised for the same uses and purposes as are declared in section twenty of my 'will, it being my intention, that the said square of ground shall be built upon, and improved in such a manner as to secure a safe and nermanent income for the puiposes stated in said twentieth section." The testator died in the same year; and his will and codicil were duly,admitted to probate on the 31st.of December of the same year. I The legislature of Pennsylvania passed the requisite laws to carry
into effect the will, so far as respected the bequests of the $500,000 for the Delaware Avenue aid the $300,000 for internal improvement by canal navigation, accordhig to the request of the testator.
The present bill is brought by the lfieirs at law of the testator, to have the devise of the residue and remainder of the real-estateto the. mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia in truqt.as aforesaid to be declared void, for the want of capacity of-the supposed devisees to take lands by devise, or if capable of taking generally by devise for their own use and benefit, for want of dapacityto take such lands as dtviseesin trust'; and because the objects of the charity for which the lands are'so devised in trust are altogether vague, indefinite, and uncertain, aiid 0snoo trust is created by the said will which-is capable of being executed or of being cognisable at law or in equity, nor any trust-estate devised that can vest at law or in equity in any existing or possible cestui qu trust; and therefore the' bill -insists that as the truht'in void, there is a resulting trust thereof for the heirs at law of the testator * andethebill accordingly seeks a declaration to that effect .and the relief consequent thereon, and for a discovery and account, and for other relief.
The principal questions, to which the arguments at the bar have been mainly 'addressed, are; First, whether 'the corporation of the city of Philadelphia is capable of taking the bequest of the real and personal estate for the erection,and support of a college upon the trusts and for the uises designated in the will: Secondly, whether these uses are charitable uses valid in their xiature and capable of being carried into effect consistently with the laws of Pennsylvania: Thirdly, ifnot, whether, being void-, the fund falls into the residue of the testator's estate,-and belongs to the corporation of the city, in viitue of the residuary clause in the will; or it belongs, as a resulting or impliedtrust, to the heirs and next of kin of the testator.
As to the fir-'qsuestion; so far as it.respects the capacity of the

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

191-

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

corporation to take the real and personal estate, independently of the trusts and uses conhected therewithj there would not seem to be any reasonable ground for doubt. The act of 32 and 34 Henry 8, respecting wills, excepts corporations from taking by devise; bft thi pr6vision has never been -adopted into the laws of Penisylvania or in force there. The act of 11th of March, 1789, incorporating the city of Philadelphia, expressly provides that the corporation, thereby constituted by the name and style of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Philadelphia, shall have perpetual succession, "cand th*y and their successors shall at all times for ever be capable in law to have, purchase, take, receive, possess, ard enjoy lands, tenements and hereditaments, liberties, franchises and jurisdictions, goods, chattels, and effects-to them and their successors for ever, or for any other or less estate," &c., without any limitation whatsoever as to the value or amount thereof, or as to the purposes to which the same were to be applied, except so fhr as may be gathered -from the preamble of the act, which recites that the then administration of government within the city of Philadelphia was in its form " inadequate to the suppression of vice and immorality, to the advancement of the public health and order, and to the promotion of trade, industry, and-happiness, and in order to provide against the evils occasioned thereby, it is necessary to invest.the inhabitants thereof with more speedy, rigorous, and effective powers of government than at present established." Some, at least, of these objects might certainly be promoted by the application of the city property or its income to them-and especially the suppression of vice and immorality, and the promotion of trade, industry, and-happiness. And if a devise of real estate had I een made to the city directly for such objects, it would be difficult to perceive why such trusts should not be deemed within the true scope. of th city charter and protected thereby. -
But iithout doing more at present than merely to glance at this consideration, let us proceed to~the inquiry whether the corporation of the city can take real and personal property in trust. Now, although it was in early unes held that a corporation could not take and hold real or personal estate in trust upon the gtound that theie was a defect of one of the requisites to create a good trustee, viz., the want of confidence in the person; yet that doctrine has been long since exploded as unsound, and .too artificial; and it is now held, that where the corporation has a legal capacity to take real or personal estate, there it may take and hold it upon trust, in the same

188

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girari's Executors.

manner and to the same extent as a private person may do. Iti.s trae that, if the trust be repjugnant to, or inconsistent with the proper
.purposes for which the 'corporation was created, that may furnish a ground why it may not be compellable to execute it. But that will furnish no, ground to declare the trust itself void, if otherwise unex-
ceptionable ; but it will simply require a new trustee to be substituted byt-he proper court, poessing equity jurisdiction, to-enforce and perfect the objects of the trust. -This will be sufficiently obvious upon an examination of the authorities.; but a single case may suffice. In .oSonley v. The Clockmaker's Companr, 1 Bro. Ch. R. 81, there was a devise of freehold estate to the testator's wife for life, with xemainder to his brother C. in tail male, with remainder to the Clockmaker's Company, in trust to sqll for the benefit of the testator's nephews and nieces. The devise being to a corporation, was, by the English statute of wills, void, that statute prohibiting devises to corporations,
and the question was, whether the devise being so void, the heir.at law 'took, beneficially or subject to the trust. Mr. Baron Eyre, in. his. judgment, said, that although the devise to the corporation be
void at law, yet the trust is sufficiently created to fasten itself upon ttny estate the law may raise. This is the ground upon which courts
of equity have decreed, in cases where no trustee is named. Now, this was a case not of a chartable devise, buat a trust created for
nephews and nieces; so that it steers wide from the doctrines which have been established as to devises to corporations for charities as appointments uhder the~statte of 4 Elizabeth: afortiori,the doc* trine of this case must apply with increased stringency to a case where the corporation is capable at law to take the estate devised,' but the trusts -re utterly dehors the purposes of the 'incorporation. In such a case, the trust itself being good, will be executed by and under the authority of a court of. equity. Neifher -isthere any positive objectin 'ipnoint of law to a corporation taldng property upon a trust 'not strictly -within.the.scope of the direct purposes of its institution, but collateral to Ihem ; nay, for the benefit of a stranger or of another corporation... In the cas6 of Greeh v.. Rutherforth, 1 Ves, R. 462, a devise was made to St. John's College in Cambridge of the perpetoal advowson of a rectciy. in 'trust,that -whenever the church should be void and is nephew be capable of being presented thereto, they should present him.; and on the next avoidance should present one of his name and kindred,.if thereshould be any one capable thereof in the college,; if none such, they should present the

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

. 189

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

senior divine thkn-fllow of the college, and on his refusal the next senior- divine, and so downward; and, Jf all refusdd, they should present any other person they should think fit. Upon the ar~umentof the.cause, an objection was.ta~ken .that the case was not cognisable in a court of equity, but fell within the jurisdiction of Ahe visitor.. Sir John Strange (the Master of the Rolls) who assisted Lord Hardwicke at the hearing ofthe cause, onthat occasion said: ccA private person would, undoubtedly, be compellable to execute it (the trust;) and, considered as a trust, it makes no difference who are the trustees, the power of this court operating on them in the capacity of trustees. And thbugh they are a collegiate body whose founder has given a visitor to superintend his own foundation and bounty; yet as between one claiming under a separiate benefactor and these tr steesfor special purposes, the court will look on them as trustees only,.and obligethem to execute it uider direction of the court." Lord Hardwicke, after expressing his concurrence in the judgment of the Master of the Rolls, put the case of the like trust being to present no member of another'college, and held that the court would have jurisdiction to
enforce it. But if the purposes of the trust be germane to the objects of the
incorporation; if they relate to matters which will promote, and aid, and perfect those objects; if they tend (as the charter of-the city of Philadelphia expresses it) "to the suppression of vice and immorality, to the advancement of the public health and order, and to the promotion of trade, industry, and happiness," where isthe.law to be fbund which prohibits the corporation from taking the devise'upon such trusts, in a state where the statutes of mortmntin do not exist, (as they do not in Pennsylvania,) the corporation itself having a legal capacity to take the estate as well by devise as otherwise? We know of no authorities which inculcate such a doctrine or prohibit the execution of such trusts, even though the act of incorporation: may have for its main objects mere civil and municipal government and regulations and powers. If, for example, the testator by his present will had devised certain estate of the valu6 of $1,000,000 for the purpose of 'applying the income thereof to supplying the city of"Philadelphia with good and wholesome water for the use of the citizens, from the river Schuylkill, (an object which some thirty or forty years ago would have been thought of 'transcendant benefit,) why, although not specifically enumerated among the' objects of"the charter, wc 'd not such a devise upon such a trust have been valid,

190

' SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et iI. v. Girard's Executors.

and within'-the scope of the legitimate purposes of the corporation, and the corporation capable of executing it as trustees? We profess ourselves -unable to perceive any sound objection to the validity of such a'trust; and we know of no authority to sustain any objection to it. Yet, in substance, the trust would be as remote from the express provisions.of the charter as are the objects (supposing them otherwise maintainable,) now "undez our .considemtibn. In short, it appears to us that any.attempt to narrow down the- powers given to tka corporation so as to exclude it from tadkng property upon trusts'for purposes confessedly charitable and beneficial to the city or
the pfiblic, would be to introduce a doctrine inconsistent with sound principles, and defeat, instoad of promoting- the true--policy of the state. We thinkl then, that the charter of the city does invest the co~poration with powers and rights to. take property upon trust for ,haritable -purposes, which are not' otherwise obnoxious to legal animadversion; and, therefore the objection that it is incompetent to take or administer a trust is unfounded in principle or authority, under the law of Pennsylvania
It is manifest that the legislature of Pennsylvania acted upon this interpretation of the charter of thecity, in passing the acts of the 24ih of March,' and the 4th of April, 1832, to carry into effect certain improvements and execute certain trusts, under the will of Mr. Girard. The preamble to the trust act,, expressly states that it is passed "to effect the improvements contemplated by'the said testator, and to'exe-, cute, in all otiier respects, the trusts created by his will," as to which, the. testator had desired the legislafure to pass the necessary laws. The tenth section of t-! same act, proides "That it shall be lawfil for the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Philadelphia, to exercise all such jurisdiction, enact all such ordinances, and to do and execute all such 'acts and things whatsoever, as may be necessary and convenient for the fill and.,entire acceptance, execution, and prosecution
of any and all the devises, bequests, trusts, and provisions contained in the said will, &c., &c. ; to carry which i.nto effect," the testator had desired the legislature to enact the necessary ]aws. But what is wore direct-to the-present purpose, because it imports a full recognition of the validity of the devise for the erection of the college, is the provision of the 11th section of the same act, which declares " That no road or street shall be laid out, or passed through the land in the county of Philadelphia, bequeathed by the late Stephen Girard for the erection of,a college, unless the -same shall be recommended by

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

191

Vidal et al v. Girard's Executors.

the trustees or directors of the said college,, and approved by a majority of the select and common councils of the city of Philadel-., phia? The other act.is also full and d&ect to the same purpose, and provides " That the select and common councils of, the city of., Philadelphia, shall be and they are hereby-authorized, to provide, by ordinance or otherwise, for the electioa or appointment of,such officers and agents as they may deem essmtial to the due execution of the dutids and trusts enjoined and created by the will of the late Stephen Girard." Here then, there is a positive authority conferred upon thel city authorities to act upon the trusts under the will, and to administer the same through the instrumentality of agents appoihted by them. No doubt can then be entertained, that the legislature meant to affirm the entire validity of those trusts, and the entire competency of the c~rporation ta take. -and hold the -property.devised upon the
trusts named in the will. It is true that this is not a judicial decision, and entitled to
full weight and con.^Aence as such. But it is a legislative exposition-and confirmation of the competency of the corporation to take the property and execute the trusts; and if those trus wera valid ih" point of law, the legislature would be estopped thereafterto contest, the competency of the corporation to tale the property and execute the trusts, either upon a quo warranto or any other proceeding, by which it should seek to devest the property, and invest other trustees with the execution of the trusts, upon the ground of any supposed incompetency of the corporation. And if the trusts were in themselves valid in point of law, it is plain that neither the heirs of the testator, nor any other private persons, could have any right to inquire into, or contest the right of the corporation to take the property, or to execute the trusts; but this right Would exclusively belong to the state in its sovereign capacity, and in its sole discretion, to inquire into and contest the same by a quo warranto, or other proper judicial proceeding. In this vi. w of the matter, the recognition and confirmation of the devises and trusts of-the will by the legislature, are of the highest importance and potency.
We are,' then, led directly to the consideration of the question which has been so elaborately argued at the-bar, as to the validity of the trusts for the erection of-the college, according to'the requireinents and regulations of the will of the testator. That the trusts are of an eleemosynary nature, and charitable uses in a judicial sense, ,we entertain no doubt. Not only are charities for the maintenance

192

SUPREME CLOURT,

Vidal et a]. v. Girard's Executors.

and relief of the poor, sick, and impotent, charities in the sense of the common law, but also donations given for the establishment of colleges, schools, and seniinaies of learning, and especially such as are for the education of orphans and poor scholars.
The statute of the 43 of Elizabeth, ch. 4, has been adjudged by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania not to be in force in that state. But then it has been solemnly and recently adjudged by the same court, in the case of Zimmerman v.Andres, (January term, 1844g,) that "cit is so considered rather on account of the inapplicability of its regulations as to the modes of proceeding, than in reference to its conservative provisions." "cThese have been in force here by common -usage -and constitutional recognition; and not only these, but the more extensive range of charitable uses which chancery supported before that statgte and beyond it." Nor is this any new doctrine in that court; for it was formally promulgated in the case of Witman v. Lex, 17 Serg.. and Rawle, 88, at a much earlier period, (1827.)
Several objections have been. taken to the present bequest to extract it -from the reach of these decisions. In the first place, that the corporation of the city is incapable by law of taking the donation for such trusts. This objection has been already sufficiently considered. In the next place, it is said, that the beneficiaries who are to receive the benefit of the charity are too uncertain and indefinite to allow the bequest to have-any legal effect, and hence the donation is void, and the property result to the heirs. And in support of this argument we are pressed by the argument that charities of such an indefihite nature are not good at the common law, (which is adxiitted on all sides to be the law of Pennsylvania,.so far as it is applicable to its institutions and constitutional organization and civil rights and privileges) and hence, the charity fails; and the decision of this court in.the case of the trustees of the Philadelphia Baptist Association v. Hart's Executors, 4 Wheat. R. 1, is strongly relied on as fully, in point. - There are two circumstances which materially distinguilsh that case from the.one now before the court. The first is, that that case arose under the law of Virginia, in which state the statute of 43 Elizabeth, ch. 4, had been expressly and entirely abolished by the legislature, so that no aid whatsoever could be derived from its provisions to sustain the bequest: The second is, that the donees (the tru(stees) were an unincorporated association, which had no legal capacity to take and hold the donation in succession for the purposes of the trust, and the beneficiaries also were uncertain and indefinite.

JANUXRY TERM, 1844.

193

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

Both circumstances, therefore, concurred ;-a donation to trustees inca-

pable of taking, and beneficiaries uncertain and indefinite. The

court, upon that occasion, went into an elaborate examinatioin of the

doctrine of the common law on the subject of charities, antecedent

to and independent of the statute of 43 Elizabeth, ch.4, for that was

still the common law of Virginia. Upon a thorough examination of

all the authorities and all the lights, (certainly in no small degtee

shadowy, obscure, .and flickering,) the court came to the'conclusiont

that, at the common law, no donation to charity could tbe 'enforced

in chancery, where both of these circumstances, or rather, where

both of these defects occurred. The court said: "cWe find no dic-

tum that charities could be established on such an information (by

the- attorney-general) where the conveyance was defective or the

donation was so vaguelyj expressed that the donee, if 'nbta charity,

would be incapable of taking." In reviewing'the authorities upoi

that occasion, much reliance 'vas placed upon Collison's case,

Hobhrt's Rep. 136; (S. C. cited Duke on Charities, by Bri'dgman,

368, Moore- R. 888,) and Platt v. St. John's College, Cambridge,

Finch. Rep. 221; (S. C. 1 Cas. in Chan. R. 267, Duke on Charities,

by Bridgman, 379,) and the caie reported in 1 Chancery Cases, 134.

But these cases, as also Flood's case, Hob. R. 136, (5. C. 1 Equity

Abridg. 95, pl. 6,) turned upon peculiar circumstances. Collison's

case was upon a devise in 15 Henry 8, and 'as before the statute

of 'wills. The' other cases were cases where the donees could not

take at law, not being properly described, or not having a competent

capacity to take, so that there was no legal trustee; and, yet the

devises were held good as valid appointments under the statute of

43 Elizabeth. The 'lictum of Lord Loughborough"-in Attorney-

General m Bowyer, 3 Ves. 714, 726, was greatly relied 'on, where

he says: "cIt does not.appear that this court at that period (that is

before the statute of wills) had cognisance upon information for the

establishment of charities. Prior to the time of 'Lord Ellesmere, as

far as tradition in times immediately following goes, there were no

such informations as this on which I am now sitting, (an iifdrmation

to establish a college under a devise before the statute -6f mortmain'

of 9 Geo. 2, ch. 36;) .but they made out their'case as well as they

could at law." In this suggestion Lord Loughborough had.un'der

his consideration Porter?s case, 1 Co. Rep. 16. But there a devise

was made in 32 Henry 8, to the testator's wife, upon condition for

her to grant the lands, &c., in all convenient speed after his decease

VOL. H.-25

R

194

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girards Executors.

for the maintenance and continuance of a certain free-school, and almsmen and alnswomen for ever. The heir entered for and after condition broken, and then conveyed the game lands to Queen Elizabeth in 34 of her reign;' and the queen brought an information of intrusion against Porter for the land in the same year. One question was, whetfer the devise was not to a superstitious use, and therefore void under the act of 23 Henry 8, ch. 2, or whether it was good as a charitable use. And it was resolved by the court that the use was a good charitable use, and that the statute did not extend to it, So that here we have a plain case of a charity held good, before the statute of Elizabeth, upon the ground of the common law, there being a good devisee originally, although the condition was broken and the use was for charitable purposes in some respects indefinite. Now if there was a good devisee to take as trustee, and the charity was good at the common law, it seems- somewhat difficult to say,. why, if no legal remedy was adequate to redress it, the Court of Chancery might not enforce the trust, since trusts for other specific purposes, were then, at least when there were designated trustees,
within the jurisdiction of chancery. There are, however, dicta of eminent judges, (some of which were
commented upon in the case of 4 Wheat. R. 1,) which.do certainly support the doctrine that charitable uses might be enforced in chancery upon the general jurisdiction of the court, independently of .he statute of 43 of Elizabeth; and that the jurisdiction had been acted upon not only subsequent but antecedent to that statute. Such was the opinion of Sir Joseph Jekyll in Eyre v. Countess of Shaftsbury, (2 P. Will. R. 102, 2 Equity Abridg. 710, pl. 2,) and that of Lord Northington in Attorney-General v. Tancred, 1 Eden, R. 10, (S. C. Ambler, R. 351, 1 Win. Black. R. 90,) and that of Lord Chief Justice Wilmot in his elaborate judgment in Attorney-General v. Lady Downing, Wilmot's Notes, p. 1, 26, given after an examination of all the leading authorities.. Lord Eldon, in the Attorney-General v. The Skinner's Company, 2 Russ. R. 407, intimalas in clear terms his doubts whether the jurisdiction of chancery over charities arose solely under the statute of Elizabeth; suggesting that the statute hs perhaps been construed with reference to a supposed antecedent jurisdiction of the court) by which void devises to charita.ble purposes were sustained. Sir John Leach, in the case of a charitable use be'fore the statute of Elizabeth, (Attorney-General v. The Master of Brentwood School, 1 Mylne and Keen, 376,) said: cAlthdugh at

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

195

Vidal et 'al. v. Girard's Executors.

his time no legal devise could be made to a corporation for a charitable use, yet lands so devised were in equity,bound, by a trust for the charity, which a court of equity would then execute."- In point of fact the charity was so decreed in that very case, in the 12th year of Elizabeth. But what is still more imporiant is the declaration of Lord Redesdale, a great judge in equity, in the Attorney-General .v. The Mayor of Dublin, 1 Bligh R. 312, 347, (1827,) where he says:
"eWe are referred to the statute of Elizabeth with respect to charitable uses, as creating a new law upon the subject of charitable uses. That statute ouily created a new jurisdiction; it created no new law. It creaed a new and ancillary jurisdiction, a jurisdiction created by commission, &c.; but the proceedings of that commission were made subject to appeal to the Lord Chancelor, and he might reverse or affirm what they had done, or make such order as he might think fit for reserving the controlling jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery as it existed before the passing of. that statute; and there can be no doubt that by information by the attorney-general" the same thing might be done." He then adds, c the right which the attorneygeneral has to file an information, is a right of prerogative. The king,
as parens patri&, has a right, by.his proper officer, to call upon the several courts of justice, according to the nature of their several jurisdictions, to see that right is done to his subjects who are incompetent to act for themselves, as in the case of charities and other cases." So that Lord Redesdale maintains the jurisdiction in the broadest terms, as founded in the inherent jurisdiction of chancery independently of the statute of 43 Elizabeth. In .addition to these dicta and doctrines,
there is the very recent case of the incorporated Society v. Richards, 1 Drury and Warren R. 258i where Lord Chancellor Sugden, in a very masterly judgment, upon a full survey of all the authorities, and where the point was directly before himii, held the same doctrine as Lord Redesdale, and expressly decided that there is an inherent jurisdiction in equity in cases of charity, and that charity is one of those objects for which -acourt of equity has at all times interfered to make good. that, which at law -was an illegal or informal gift; and that cases of charity in courts of equity in England were valid indeperidently of and previous to the statute of Elizabeth.
Mr. Justice Baldwin, in the case of the will of Sarah Zane, which was cited at the bar and pronounced at April term of the Circuit Court, in 1833, after very extensive and learned researches into the ahcient English authorities and statutes, arrived at the same conclu-

196

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

sion in which the district judge, the latd lamented Judge Hopkinson, 'concurred; and that opinion has a more pointed bearing upon the present case, since it included a full review of the Pensylvania'laws and doctrines on the subject of charities.
But very strong additional light has been thrown upon this subject by the recent publications of the Commissioners on the public Records in England, which contain a-very curious and interesting collection of the chancery records in the reign of Queen Elizabeth, and in. the earlier reigns. Among these are found rpany cases in which the Court of Chancery. entertained jurisdiction over charities long before the statute of 43 Elizabeth; and some fifty of these cases, extracted from the printed calendhrs, have been laid before us. They establish in the most satisfactory and conclusive manner that cases of charities where there were trustees appointed for general and indefinite charities, as well as for specific charities, were familiarly known to, and acted upon, and enforced in the Court of Chancery. In some of these cases the charities were not only of an uncertain and indefinite nature,. but, as far as we can gather from the imperfect statement in the printed records, they were also cases where there were either no trustees appointed, or the trustees vere not competent to take. These records, therefore, do in a remarkable manner, confirm the opinions of Sir Joseph Jekyll, Lord Northington, Lord Chief Justice Wilmot, Lord Redesdale, and Lord Chancellor Sugden." Whatever doubts, therefore, might properly be entertained upon the subject when the case of the Trustees of the Philadelphia Baptist Association v. Hart's Executors, 4 Wheat. 1, was before this court, (1819,) those doubts are entirely removed by the late and more satisfactory sources of information to which ive have alluded.
If, then, this be the true state of the, common law on the subject, of charities, it would, upon the general principle already suggested, be a part of the common law of Pennsylvania. It would be no answer to say, that if so it was dormant, and that no court possessing equity powers now exists, or has existed in Pennsylvania, capable of enforcing such trusts. The trusts would nevertheless be valid in point of law; and remedies may from time to time be applied by the legislature to supply the defects. It is no proof of the non-existence of equitable rights, that there exists no adequate legal remedy to enforce them. They may during the time slumber but they are not dead.
But the very point of the positive existence of the law bf charities in Pennsylvania, has been (as already stated) fully recognised and

JANUARY TEtRM, 1844.

197

Vidal et a. v. Girard's Executors.

enforced in the state courtsof Pennsylvania, as far as their remedial process Would enable these courts to act. This is abundantly established in the cases cited at the bar, and especially by the cake of Witman v. Lex, 17 Serg. and Rawle, 88, and that of Sarah Zane's will; before Mr. Justice Baldwin and 'Judge Hoplknson. In the former case, the court said ccthat it is immaterial.whether the person to take be in esseornot, or whether the legatee were at the time of the bequest a corporation capable of taking,or not, or how uncertain the objects may be, provided there be a discretionary power .vested -anywhere over the application of the. testator's bounty to those objects; or whether their corporate designation be mistaken. If the intention sufficiently appears inthe bequest, it would be valid." In the latter
case certain bequests given by.the will of Mrs. Zane to the Yearly Meeting of Friends in Philadelphia, an unincorporated association, for purposes of general and indefinite charity, were, as well as other bequests of a kindred nature, held to be good and valid; 'and were enforced accordingly. The case then, according to' our judgment, is completely closed in by the principles and authorities already mentioned, and is that of a valid charity in Pennsylvania, unless it is rendered void by the remaining objection which has been taken to it.
This objection is that the foundation of the college upon the principles and exclusions prescribed by the testator, is derogatory and hos-
tile to the Christian religion, and so is void, as being against the common law and public 'policy of Pennsylvania; and .this f6r two reasons: First, becuse of the exclusion of all ecclesiastics, missionaries, and ministers of any sect hrom holding br exercising'any station or duty in the college, or even visiting the same: and Secondly,'because it limits the instruction to be given to the scholars -to pure morality, and general benevolence, arid a love of truth, sobriety, and. industry, thereby excluding, by implication, -all instruction in the
Christian religion. In considering this objection, the court are not at liberty to travel
out of the rec6rd in order to ascertain what were the private religious opinions bf the testator, (of which indeed we can know nothing,)'nor to consider whether the scheme of education by him prescribed, is such a we 0ursdeves should approve, or as is best adapted to'acccm'plish the great aims and ends of education. Nor are we ai liberty to look at general considerations of the suppoged public interests and policy . of Pennsylvania upon this subject, beyond what its constitution, and laws and judicial decisions make known to us. The question, what

198

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

is the public policy of a state, and what is contrary to it, if inquired into beyond these limits, will be found to be one of great vagueness and uncertainty, and to.involve discussions which scarcely come within the range of judicial duty and functions, and upon which men may and will coraplexionally difTer; above all, when that topic is connected with religious polity, in a country composed 6f such a variety of religious sects as our country, it is impossible not to feel that it would be attended with almost insuperable difficulties, and involve differences-of opinion almost endless in their variety. We disclaim any right to enter upon such examinations, beyond what the state constitutions, and laws, and decisions necessarily bring before us.
It is also said, and truly, that the Christian religion is a part of the common law of Pennsylvania. But this proposition is to be received -with its appropriate qualifications, and in connection with the bill of rights of that state, as found in its constitution of government. . The constitution of 1790, (and the like provision will, in substance, be found in the constitution of 1776, and in the existing constitution of 1838,) expressly declares, "That all men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences; no man can of right be compelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or-to maintain any ministry against his consent; no human authority can, in any case whatever, contr6l or interfere with the rights of conscience; and no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishments or modes of vership.". Language more comprehensive for the complete protection of every variety of religious opinion could scarcely be used; and it must have been intended to extend equally to all sects, whether they believed in Christianity or not, and whether they were Jews or infidels. So that "we are compelled to admit that although Christianity be a part of the common law of the state, yet it is so in this qualified sense, that its divine origin and truth are admitted, and therefore, it is not to be maliciously and-openly reviled and blasphemed against, to the annoyance of believers or the injury of the public. Such was the doctrine of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania in Updegrafffv. The Commonwealth, 11 Serg. and Rawle, 394..
It is unnecessary forus, .however, to consider what -would be the leg.-I effect of a devise in Pennsylvania for the 'establishment of a school or college, for the propagation of Judaism, or Deism, or any -other form of infidelity. ·Such a case is not to be presumed to exist in a Christiann country; and terefore it must be made out by clear

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

199

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.-

and indisputable proof. Remote inferences, or possible results, or speculative tendencies, are not to be drawn or adopted for such purposes. There must be plain, positive, and express provisions, demonstrating not only that Christianity is not to be taught; but that it ito be impugned or repudiated.
Now, in the lresent case, there is no pretence to say that any such positive or express provisions exist, or are even shadowed forth in the will. The testator does not say'that Christianity shall not be taught in the college. But only that no ecclesiastic of any sect shall hold or exercise any station or duty i, the college. Suppose, instead
of this, he had said that no person but a layman shall be an instructor or officer or visitor in the college, what legal objection could have been made to such a restriction? And yet the actual prohibition is in-effect the same in substance. But it is asked; whyare ecclesias. tics excluded, if it is.not because they are the stated and appropriate preachers of Christianity? The answer may be given in the very words of the testator. '(In making this restriction,' says he, c"I do not mearr to cast any reflection upon any sect or person whatsoever. But as there is such a multitude of sects and such a diversity of opinion amongst them, I desire to keep the tender minds of the orphans, who are to derive advantage from this bequest, free from the excitement which clashing doctrines and sectarian controversy are so apt to produce.? Here, then, we have the reason given; and the question is not, whether it is satisfactory to us or not; nor whether the history of religion does or does not justify such a sweeping statement; but the question is, whether the exclusion be not such as the testator had a right, consistently with the laws of Pennsylvania, to maintain, upon his own notions of religious instruction. Suppose the testator had excluded all religious. instructors but Catholics, or Quakers, or Swedenborgians; or, to put a stronger case, he had excluded all religious instructors but Jews, would the bequest havy been void on that account? Suppose he had excluded all lawyers, or all physicians, or all merchants from being instructors or visitors, would the prohibition have been fatal to the bequest? The truth is, that in cases of this, sort, it is extremely difficult to draw any just and satisfactory line of distinction in a free country as to the qualifications or disqualifications which may be insisted upon by the dbnor of a charit., as to those who shall administer or partake of his
bounty. But the objection itself assumes the proposition that Christianity

200

SUPREME COURT.

Vidal et al. v. Girard's Executors.

is not to be taught, because ecclesiastics are not to be instructors or officers." 'But this is by no means a necessary or legitimate inference from the premises. Why may not laymen instruct in the general principles of Christianity as .well as ecclesiastics. There is no restriction as to the religious opinions of the instructors and officers. They may be, and doubtless, under th auspices of the city government, they will always be, nrnn, not only distinguished for learning and talent, but for piety and elevated virtue, and holy lives and characters. And we cannot overlook the blessings, which such men by their conduct, as well as their instructions, may, nay must impart to their youthful pupils. Why may not the Bible, and especially the New Testament, without note or. comment, be read and taught as a divine revelation in the college-its general precepts expounded, its evidences explained, and its glorious principles of morality inculcated ? What is there to prevent a work, not sectarian, upon the general evidence6 of Christianity, from being read and taught in the college by lay-teachers? Certainly there is *nothingin the will, that proscribes such studies. Above all, the testator positively enjoins, " that all the instructors-and teachers in the college shall take pains to instil into the minds of.the scholars the purdst principles of morality, sb that on their entrance into aktive life they may from inclination and habit evince benevolence towards their fellow-creatures, and a love of truth, sobriety, and industry, adopting at the same time such religious tenets as their matured reason may enable them to prefer." Now, it may well be asked, what is there in all this, which is positively enjoined, inconsistent with the spirit or truths of Christianity? Are fiot these truths all taught by Christianity, although it teaches much more? Where can the purest principles of morality be learned
so clearly or so perfectly as from the New Testament? Where are benev6lence, the love of truth, sobriety, and industry, so powerfully and irresistibly'inculcated as in. the sacred volume? The testator has not. said how these great principles are to be taught, or by whom, except it be by laymen, nor what books are to be used to explain or enforce them. All that w6 can gather-from his language is, that.he desired to exclude sectarians and sectarianism from the college, leaving the instructors and officers free to teach the purest morality, the love of truth, sobriety, and industry, by all appropriate means; and of course including the best, the surest, and the most impressive. The objection, then, in this view, goes to this,-either that the testator has totally omitted to provide for religious instruction in his

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

201

Vidal et aL v. Girards Executors.

scheme of education, (which, from what has been already said, is an inadmissible interpretation,) or that it 4ncludes but partial and imperfect instruction in those truths. In eithet view can it be truly said that it contravenes the known law of Pennsylvania upon the subject of charities, or is not-allowable under the article of the bill of rights already cited? Is an omission to provide.for instruction in Christianity iri any scheme of school or college education' a fatal defect, which avoids it according to the law of Pennsylvania? If the instruction provided for is inbomplete and imperfect, is it equally fatal ? These questions are propounded, because we are' not aware that any thing exists in the constitution or laws of Pennsylvania, or the judicial decisions of its tribunals, which would justify us in pronouncing that such defects would be so fatal. Let, us take the case o0"a charitable donation t6 teach poor orphans reading, writing, arithmetic, geography, and navigation, and excluding all other studies and instruction; would the donation be void, as a charity in Pennsylvania, as being deemed derogatory to Christianity? Hitherto it has been supposed, that a charity for the instruction of the poor might be good and valid.in England even if it did not go beyond the establishment of a grammar-school. And in America, it has been thought, in the absence of any express legal prohibitions, that the donor might select the studies, as well as the classes of persons, who were to receive his bounty without being compellable to make religious instruction a necessary part of those studies. It has hitherto been -thought sufficient, if he does not require any thing to be taught inconsistent with Christianity.
Looking to the objection therefore in a mere juridical view,'which is the only one in which we are at liberty to consider it, we are satisfied that there is nothing in the devise estalblishing 'the college, or; in the regulations and restrictions contained therein, which are inconsistent with the Christian religion, or are opposed to any known policy of the state -ofPennsylvania.
This view of the whole matter renders it unnecessary for us to examine the other and remaining qiestion, to whom,'if the devise were void, the property would belong, whether it would fall into the residue of the estate devised to the city, or b.come a resulting trust for the heirs at law.
Upon the whole, it is the unanimous opinion of the court, that the decree of the Circuit Court of Pennsylvania dismissing the bill, ought to be affirmed, and it is accordingly affirmea with costs.
VoL. II.-26

2SUPREME

COURT.
Chapman v. Forsyth et al

ORDER.
This cause came on to be heard on the trnscript 6f the record from th_ Circuit Court of te United States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, It is.now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court that the decree of the said Circuit Court, in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

JOHN L. CAPMAN, PLriNTiir, v. HENRY H.'FoRsvrH AND THOrnoS LIMECK,MERCHANTS AND CO-PARTNERS, UNDER AND BY THE VIRM,
NAME, AND STYLE OF FORSYTH AND LuIKRiCK, DEFENDANTS.
Under the late bankrupt act of the United States, the existence of a fiduciary debt, contracted before the passage of the act, constitutes no objection to the discharge of the debtor from other debts.
A factor, who receives the money of his principal, is not a fiduciary within the meaning of the act.
A bankrupt is bound to state, upon his schedule, the nature of a debt if it be a fiduciary one. Should he omit to do so, he would be guilty of a fraud, and his discharge will not avail him; but if a creditor, in such case, proves his debt and receives a dividend from the estate, he is estopped from afterwards saying that his debt was not within the law.
But if the fiduciary creditor does not prove his debt, he may recover it afterwards, from the discharged bankrupt, by showing that it was within the exceptions of the act.
Tns case came up on a certificate of division from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Kentucky.
The'record was as follows:The following statement of questions and points of law -which arose
in this case, and the adjournment thereof into the Supreme Court of the United States for decision -wasordered to be entered; to wit:
cc This was an action of assumpsit for the proceeds of 150 bales of cotton, shipped to and sold by defendants, as the property of the plaintiff, the defendant having been a factor," &c.
The defendant, Forsyth, pleaded he had'been duly discharged as a bankrupt, on his own voluntary petition.
To this the plaintiff replied; the replication was demurred to, and

426

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. McCalmont et al.

from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, It. is now here ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court be, and the same is hereby reversed with costs; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to that court to enter a decree for the complainant, conformably to the opinion of this court, and that the defendant pay thecosts in both courts.

ORDER. Brown v. Randel.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, It is nowhere ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that this appeal be, and the same is hereby dismissed with costs; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court with directions to that court to proceed therein conformably to the opinion of this court in.this case on the appeal of the complainant.

SUSAN LAWRENCE, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. ROBERT McCA MONT, HGH
MCCALMIONT, AND WILLIAMI JOHNSON NEWELL, DEFENDANTS.
The following guarantee, viz.: "In consideration of Messrs. 3. and A. Lawrence having a credit with your
house, and in further consideration of $1 paid me by yourselves, receipt of which I hereby acknowledge, I engage to you that they shall fulfil the engagements they have made and shall make with yon, for meeting and reimbursing the payments which you may 'assume under such credit at their request, together with your charges; and I guaranty you from all payments and damages by reason of their default. "You are to consider this'as a standing and continuing guarantee, without the necessity of your apprizing me, from time to time, of your engagements-and advances for their house; alid in case of a change of partners in your firm or theirs, the guarantee is to apply and continue to transactions afterwards, between the firms as changed, until notified by me to the contrary." Is a continuing .guarantee, and includes not only transactions under a letter of credit existing at the date of the guarantee, but also transactions which arose under a second letter granted at the expiration of the first; although the -econd credit contained a proviso "that the bills be drawn by, or in favour

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

427

Lawrence v. McCalmont et al.

of parties permanently resident in Europe; and if made from the continent, they be made at the customary date, say three months." The principles laid down in the case of Bell v.Bruen, 1 Howard, 169, 186, which should govern the construction of commercial guarantees, reviewed and confirmed. A valuable consideration, however small or nominal, if given or tpulated for in good faith, is, in the absence of fraud, sufficient to support an action on, -any parol contract, and this is equally true as .to contracts of guarantee as to others. The consideration in this case was not past. The question, whether or not the guarantor had sufficient notice of the failure of the principals to pay the debt was a question of fact for'the jury. Where notes are deposited for collection by way of collateral security for an existing debt, the case dnes not fall within the strict rules of commercial law, applicable to negotiable pape It falls under -the general law of agency; and the agents are only bound to use due diligence to collect the debts.

Tins case was brought up by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the southern district of New'York.
The facts were these: Robert McCalmont and the other defendants in error, were copartners in trade, in London, trading under the name of McCalmont, Brothers and Company. In the year 1838, J. and A. Lawrence were merchants who resided at Brooklyn, near New York, in the same house with their mother,' Susan Lawrence, the plaintiff in error. Their counting-house was in the city. McCalmont, Brothers and Co. had agents, J. GihoP and Co., also residing in New York. On the 21st of November, 1888, J. and A. Lawrence obtained from the agents at New York the following letter:
Juew York, 21st .N'ov., 1838. Messrs. McCalmont, Brothers and Co., London:
Gent. :-We have granted to Messrs. J. and A. Lawrence of this city, a credit with you of £10,000, say ten thousand pounds sterling, to be availed of within six months from this time, in such drafts as they may direct, at four months' date, against actual shipments of goods for their account, and coming to their address; said goods fo be forwarded through-you or your agents.
The above credit is granted under their engagement to cover -your acceptances before maturity, by direct remittances from this country of approved sixty day bills- seconds of exchange to be handed to us for traxismission to you. You are to charge one per cent. com-

428

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. McCalmont et aL

mission on the amount accepted, and to keep the account at five per cent. interest per annum. We are, gents., your ob. st.,
Jon- GmoN and Co.

In the course of the trial, William Davidson being under examination, the plaintiff's counsel asked the witness whether the letter of credit, of 21st November, 1838, was delivered on an agreement for the guarantee. To this evidence the defendant's counsel objected, as irrelevant and inadmissible. The judge decided that it was admissible for the purpose of showing the nature and character of the plaintiff's claim on J. and A. Lawrence, but not to vary the construction of the guarantee, and admitted the evidence; to which the defendant's counsel excepted.
The witness then testified that the said letter of 21st November, 1838, was delivered on Mr. Lawrence's proposal of his mother's security for the credit, which will be presently'mentioned.
On the 22d of Novehber, 1838, this letter was transmitted to England with the following endorsement:

.New York, .Xov. 22, 1838.

Messrs, McCalmont, Bros. and Co.

Gent. :-You will please accept our, Mr. A. T. Lawrence's, dfts.

for amount of within credit, in such amounts, and at such times, as

he may draw. Your ob. st.,

J. and A. LAWivENCE.

On the 10th of December, 1838, Mr. A. T. Lawrence, being then in England, received the above letter, and forwarded it to London, accompanied by the following letter from himself-

Jottingham, Dec'r 10th, 1838.

Messrs. McCalmont, Bros. and Co., London:

Gent. :-I now hand you enclosed, Messrs. J. Gihon and Co.'s

letter of credit on you, in favour of my house, J. and A. Lawrence,

endorsed over to me for £10,000 sterling, and will you please write

me, giving authority to draw for the amount? I observe that one of

the conditions of the credit is, that goods to the amount of the same

shall be shipped through your agents. Will you please inform me

the names of the houses in Liverpool and London, through whom you

would wish the shipments made? Please address me at this place..

Respectfully, your obt. servts.,

A. T. LAwRF cE.

On the 11th of December, 1838, Mc~almont, Brothers and Co., acknowledged the receipt of the above letter as follows:

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

429

Lawrence v. McCalmont et al.

Lond, llth Dec. 1838.

A. T. Lawrence, Esq., Nottingham:

Sir :-We have to acknowledge receipt of yours of yesterday's

date, covering the letter of credit in your house's favour, opened by

our mutual friends, Messrs. John Gihon and Co., say to the extent

of ten thousand pounds sterling, to be availed of by drafts on us at

four months against actual shipments of goods for their account, and

going to their address; said, goods, if shipped from Liveipool, to be

forwarded'through our agent.there, Nathan Caims, Esq., India Build-

ings, or from hence through us, or such shipping agent as you may

appoint; but in that case, a copy of the bill.of lading to be lodged

with us prior to presentation of your drafts, and such drafts to appear

within thirty days from date bf shipment. This credit to be availed

of within six months from the 21st ulto., and your house-undertaking

to comply with the other stipulations stated in it by Messrs. J. Gihon

- and Co., viz.: that they engage to cover, our acceptances before

maturity, by direct remittances from United States by approved: bills

of sixty d ys, the seconds to be forwarded to us through ouragents,

Messrs. John Gihon and Co., your house to pay. us one per cent.

commission on -the amount of our acceptances and disbursements;

the account to be kept at five per cent. interest per annumn which-

credit we hereby confirm to you, trusting'that in opening an account

with your respectable firm it *ill lead to a mutually agreeable and

profitable correspondence.

We remain, sir, your most obedt. servt.,

McCA r oNT, Bos. and Co.

It is to be understood that the above credit is 6 e only one you

have in Europe.

McC., BRos. and Co.

On-the 17th of December, 1838, Susan Lawrence, the plaintiff in error, wrote the following letter:.
Messrs. McCalmont, Brothers and Co., London: Gent. :-Ia consideration -of Messrs. J. and A. Lawrence having
a credit with your house, and in further consideration of one dollar paid me by yourselves, receipt of which 'I hereby acknowledge,1 engage to you that they shall fulfil the engagements they have mnade and shall make with you, for meeting and reimbursing-the payments w1hich you may assume under such credit-at their request; together with your charges, and I guaranty you 'from all payments and damages by reason of their default.

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. MAeCalmont et-al.

You are to consider this a standing and continuing guarantee with-

out the. necessity of your apprizing me, from time to time, of your

engagements and advances for their house; and in case of a change

of partners in your firm or theirs, the guarantee is to apply and con-

tinue to transactions afterwards -between the firins as changed, until

notified by-me to the contrary.

Yours, respectfully, ,

I

S s& L'wIEcE.

Under these documents, advances were made and settled; and for

-the transactions within the six months, from November 21, 1838,

nothing vas claimed.

At the'expiration of the six months the credit was renewed by the

following letter:

NAew York, June 12th, 1839.

.Messrs. McCalmont, Brothers and Co., London:

Gent. :-With reference to our letter of 21st November last, open-

ing a credit on your good selves, favour Messrs. I. and A. Lawrence

for X10,000, to be drawn within six months from that date, and

which expired by limitation last month. We herebyrenew the same

for a like period from the date hereof, and under the -same stipula-

tions, with this proviso, that the bills be drawn by, or in favour of

parties permanently resident in Europe; and if made from the con-

tinent, they be made at the customary date, say three months.

We remain, &c.,

Jorn Ginor and Co.

In tiae course of the trial William Davidson, again called by the plaintiff's counsel, was asked, whether at the time of the renewal of
the credit -in June, 1839, a conversation took place with Mr. Lawrence respecting the application of the guarantee to it; to-which the defendant's counsel objected; but the judge admitted the same, to show the nature and character of the plaintiff's claim on J. and A. Lawrence, but not to aflect the construction of the guarantee; to which the defendant's counsel excepted. The witness then testified that
Mr. Lawrence, on that occasion, called on him, and asked if it was agreeable for witness' firm to continue the credit for £10,000. Witness replied, that he had no objection to continue it onthe same terms - before; stating that it was to be on his mother's guarantee attached to the previous credit; he answered that he did not expect it on any other terms, or without the guarantee. Witness was in a hui6, 'and said that he should refer to it, to find out whether the guarantee was- for a particular credit, or was a continuing guarantee.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

481

La-wrence v. McCalmont et al.

Witness afterwards referred to the letter of guarantee, and subsequently

drew up the letter continuing the credit, and delivered it to Mr. J.D.

Lawrence, and exhibited to him his mother's letter; he read it

The plaintiffs' counsel then, offered to prove, that both the house

of J. Gihon and Co., and J. and .A. Lawrence acted upon the guar-

antee as a -continuing guarantee. To this, the defendant's counsel

objected; but the judge admitted the evidence, for the purpose of

showing that both acted upon it as a continuing guarantee, but not to

vary the construction of the guarantee itself; to which the defendant's

counsel excepted. The witness then testified, that Mr. Lawrence.

and he both agreed that it was a continuing guarantee, and as such

no new letter was needed.

Witness testified that their house received sundry bills, receivable,

understood and represented to be business paper, not at maturity

when received, to be collected and realized, as far as they could do

it, and the proceeds to be remitted to the plaintiffs for the credit. It

was a distinct understanding between witness' firm and J. and A.

Lawrence, that they received this paper subject to its encashment, on

being paid at maturity. Witness has had a statement made of the

proceeds of the paper thus deposited. Witness' firm h4d realized

from it, and remitted £1309, 16s. 6d. The amount due on the plain--

tiffs' said account -with J. and A. Lawrence, crediting those remit-

tances, and charging interest to the third day of May, instant, is

£9712, 11s. 4d.-amounting in.dollars, at $4 85 to the pound ster-

ling, to $47,105 95.

On the 28th June, 1839, this letter was received by Mr. A. T.

Lawrence, being still in England, and forwarded with the following

letter from himself.

N'oltingzham, June 28, 1839..

Messrs. McCalmont, Bros. and Co.

Dear Sirs:-By the steamer " Great Western," I have received a

letter of credit for £10,000, granted to our house by your friends

Messrs. J. Gihon and Co., on your house, which I now hand you

enclosed. £5000 of the same I wish you to hold subject to the

drafts of Messrs. Jones, Gibson and Ord, of Manchester, drawn :at

such times and for such amounts as they may deem proper. The

balance you will hold subject to my draft, or the drafts of such parties"

as I may advise at the time of their drawing.

I am, gent., your ob1t. serv't.

A. T. ULUWENCE.

It is understood, of course, in case of your confirming the above

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. McCalmont et aL

named credit, that the remittances to meet the drafts drawn against it, shall be in such bills as are approved of by your friends in New York.

On the 5th of July, 1839, the receipt of the above was acknowledged by the following letter addressed to the house in New York.
London, 5th July, 1839.
Messrs. J. and A. Lawrence, New York: Gent..-Your favours of 6th and 24th May, were duly received
with their enclosed remittances, which you will find at your credit m. the annexed statement of your account current to 30th ulto.
This accoupt we hope you will find correct, and the bills about coming due will, we doubt not, have your usual attention.
The further credit for .X10,000on your account opened by Messrs. J. Gihon and Co., we have confirmed to your Mr. A. Lawrence, on the understanding that it is to be met by remittances from New York, satisfactory to J. Gihon and Co.
We are gent., your most obd't, serv't., McCAr&roNT, Buos. and Co.

Upon this credit J. and A. Lawrence drew several drafts in the months of July and August, 1839.
On the 31st of October, 1839, J. and A. Lawrence addressed the

following letter to the London bankers:

Vew York, 31st Oct.,, 1839.

Messrs. McCalmont, Bros. and Co., London: Gent. :-We -were in hopes that we should have been enabled, ere
this, to have made yon a remittance to meet your acqeptances for our account, due 13th and 19th Nov., but such is the state of our money market, that it is almost impossible to get money at any rate., The best of our commercial paper is offered freely at three and four per cent. per month disrount; and owing to the deranged state of our internal exchanges, it is impossible to collect amounts due us in other cities, except at a ruinous rate. Exchange on Philadelphia, 6nly 96 miles from thisis 15 per cent. discount to-day. Under all these circumstances, we have to beg a little indulgence on your part. * We shall remit you the moment it is in our power. We have offered your friends, Messrs. John Gihon and Co., to place our business paper in their-hands in settlement, but they have declined atpresent. Browns

and other bankers are settling in this way..

We are gent'n, resp'y, &c.

3. and A. LAwpxNcE.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

Lawrence v. MeCalmont et al.

On the 24th of January, 1840, McCalmont, Brothers and Co.

transmitted their account current to the Messrs. Lawrence, the receipt

of which was acknowledged in the following letter:

JNew York, .May 30, 1840.

Messrs. McCalmont, Bros. and Co., London:

Gent. :-Your favour of 24th January came duly to hand, enclosing

your account current with us to 31st December last, showing balance due you on that day of £10,349 8s. 5d.-say ten thousand three

hundred and forty-nine pounds 8s. 5d. which vwe find correct. On 18th

March last, we made a payment on your account to Messrs. J. Gihon

and Co., of $11,822 26-say eleven thousand eight"hundred and

twenty-two 16 dollars, for which we have their acknowledgment

as your agents.

Respectfully, your obd't. serv't.

J. and A. LAWnAmFNCE.

On the 29th of May, 1840, John Gihon and Co. addressed the

following letter to Susan Lawrence:

JNew York, .May29th, 1840.

Mrs. Susan Lawrence:

Madam :-We enclose on behalf of Messrs. McCalmont, Bros. and

Co., a cupy of the account of Messrs. J. and A. Lawrence with them,

showing a balance due of £10,349 8s. 5d.-say ten thousand three

hundred and forty-nine pounds eight shillings and five pence sterling,

on first January last, with interest. -These gentlemen not having

fulfilled their engagements to reimburse this account, we claim pay-

ment of you under your guarantee to Messrs. McCalmont, Bros. and

Company.

Respectfully, yours, J. GmoN and Co.,

Agents of McCalmont, Bros. and Co., of Londo"

In July, 1840, an action of trespass on the case. was brought i

the Circuit Court by McCalmont, Brothers dnd Co., against Su.-,

Lawrence upon the guarantee; who pleaded the general issue.

Evidence was given by the plaintiff, upon the trial, to sustain the

above facts. The defendant offered evidence that sundry notes were

deposited in the hands of John Gihon and Co., by J. and A. La*-

rence for collection, and that due notice of' their not being paid was

not given to them and to Stsan Lawrence.

The counsel for the defendant then asked the court to charge*the

jury upon the points of law arising in the-casQ, as follows, viz.:

1st. That the said credit of 21st November, 1838, is a standing

and continuing credit during the six.months.

Vo,. [.--55

2 0

424

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. McCalmont et al.

2d. That defendant's guarahtee of 17th December, 1838, is confined to the said credit, both as to time and amoint.
3d. That the acceptances and claims of the plaintiffs demanded in
their declaration in this suit, are not covered by the guarantee of the -defendant aforesaid.
4th. That the new credit aforesaid of the 12th of June, 1839, is not a continuance or repetition of the first credit, but a departure from it, and is not covered by or embraced in the defendant's said guarantee.
5th. That the nominal consideration of one dollar, and the past consideration stdted in defendant's said guarantee, are not, nor is either of them, sufficient to sustain the said guarantee.
6th. That the evidence that the said J. and A. Lawrence agreed to give a guarantee at the time said credit of 21st November, 1838, was given, is not sufficient in law to render valid the consideration expressed -in defendant's said guarantee, or to sustain the said guarantee.
7th. The facts being ascertained, the question whether the notice given to the defendant by the plaintiffs of the failure of the said J. and A. Lawrence to remit to cover the plaintiffs' acceptances -was reasonable, is a question of law, and no notice, sufficient in law, was given of such failure to the defendant.
8th. If the sufficiency of such notice be a question exclusively of fact, a reasonable and sufficient notice was not given to her of such failure of J. and A. Lawrence to remit as aforesaid.
9th. The notes received by the plaintiffs, through their agents to collect, ought, when there was a failure of payment, to have been: regularly protested, and due notice thereof served on the defendant and J. and A. Lawrence; and, on failure thereof, a credit should be allowed for the same.
The judge thereupon charged the jury, that the plaintifif were not precluded from recovering under the guarantee in evidence by reason of-any supppsed vant of consideration therefor; and the same was not without sufficient consideration.
That the said guarantee of the 17th December, 1838, was not limited to the credit of November 21, 1838, but was a standing and continuing guarantee, and did apply to, and was sufficient to embrace, transactions arising after the said credit of November, 18"8, was expired.
That the new credit of June 12, 1839, and the advances and

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

435

Lawrence v. McCalmont et al.

transactions under it, were not in law without the scope of the guarantee of December 17, 1838; and that the plaintiffs were, under the evidence, entitled to recover for the same under the said guarntee.
That the defendant was entitled to a reasonable notice of the default of the principal debtors, to enable her to take measures for her indemnity; that it was for the jury to consider, whether under all the circumstances in evidence, the defendant had not had such notice.
That 'as to the notes turned over by the principal debtors to J. Gihon and Co., as the same were merely lodged with the latter, on their engagement that the proceeds of them, when received; were to be passed to their credit, the want 'ofprotest of any such notes as were dishonoured, or of notice thereof to the said J. and A. Lawrence would not entitle the defendant to charge the plaintiffs with the amount of such notes, or to claim a deduction for that amount.
And with that charge left the said cause to the jury: unto which charge, and to'the refusal of the judge to charge otherwise, and as requested by defendant as aforesaid, the defendant's counsel then and there excepted.
The jury found a verdict for the plaintiffs for $47,105 97.
The cause was argued by Mr. Wood, for the plaintiff in error, (Susan Lawrence,) and was to have been. argued by Mr. Lord and Vr. Sergeant, for the defendants iii, error; but after Mr. Lord. had finished his argument, the court declined hearing further counsel on that side. Mr. Wood replied; and his two arguments are consolidated.
Wood madelhe following points:
1. Supposing the defendants' guarantee might extend to a new continuing credit; it did not'cover the credit of June 12, 1839, there being a variance from the first, in requiring a permanent resident in Europe, to draw or endorse the bills t6 be a6cepted, and in requiring the bills, if drawn from the continent, to be drawn at three months.
*2. These variances might have impaired the means of J.and A. Lawrence to meet their payments, a,'d thus increased the risk of the defendant.
3. But whether the vaiances were detrimental or not, they so" changed the terms of the credit as to put it without the scope of the guarantee, and to warrant the defendant in saying, c non hac in fodera'veni," and the charge was in this' particular erroneous.
4. The credit, or letter of ,eret of the 21st November, 1838, is

436

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. McCalmont et al.

the exclusive subject-matter of the guarantee of the defendant below, declared upor, and said guarantee does not extend to any future or other credit. Because,
Ist. It recites such credit as the subject-matter to be covered by it. 2d. It guaranties the fulfilment by J. and A. Lawrence of their agreements made and to be made for reimbursing the payments assumed by the plaintiffs below, under that and no other credit. 3d. Said credit being a continuing credit for six months, and extending to renewals within that period, the guarantee is satisfied, as -astanding and continuing one, by confining it to that credit alone. 4th. The provision in the guarantee that it is to stand and continue without notice of engagements and advances, and notwithstanding a change of partners in the plaintiff's firm, was designed, not to extend the guarantee beyond the first credit, but to modify it as a continuing guarantee, by dispensing with some of the qualities of such a guarantee. 6th. This satisfies the language of the guarantee without extending by a forced construction the credit beyond the original six months. 6th. The judge erred, therefore, in inferring and charging that said guarantee was not confined to the first credit, because it was a stand-
ing and continuing guarantee. 5. There is no valid consideration to support this guarantee.
Because, 1st. By the law of New York the consideration must be substan-
tial, and be set forth in the written instrument ofguarantee. 2d. Of the considerations expressed in this instrument, one is
nominal and the other past, and without any previous request on the. part of the defendant, either proved or set forth in the instrument.
3d. If the evidence to show the consideration nominal was not conclusive, it should have been left to the jury to pass upon.
6. There was a total failure to prove a reasonable notice by the plaintiffs to the defendant of the failure of J. and A. Lawrence to remit, and the justice erred in leaving it to the jury to infer such notice. Because,
1st. The reasonableness of the notice -when the facts are ascertained, is a question of law, and the court should have charged the jury that the notice shown was, in point of law, unreasonable.
2d. Supposing it a question of fact, the verdict was, in this particular, without evidence to support it.
7. The justice erred in chargi.ng the jury that 3. and A. Law-

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

437

Lawrence v. McCalmont et al.

rence were not entitled to notice of the dishonour of the notes, lodged with the plaintiffs or their agents, and by them received for collection.
8. The judgment being erroneous in the above and other particulars ought iobe reversed.

Wood then stated that the first and main ground relied upon for reversing the judgment below, was the variance between the first and second credit, which took the second out of the scope of the guarantee. This ground assumes that the first credit is confined to one transaction of £10,000, and covers assumptions only to. that amount.
This guarantee consists of two parts. The first part is clearly confined tb the first credit, and does not authorize any change in the mode ofcredit. It recites that credit, and guaranties the reimbursement of the plaintiffs below under such credit, meaning that credit.
The second part of the guarantee provides that it shall be standing and continuing. This of course, upon the above assumption, extendsit to future and.other credits. But the general rule is/,that where a party guaranties a dealing and then provides for the guarantee to continue, it extends to other dealings only of the same kind and character. Any variance is fatal. Russel v, Perkins, 1 Mason, 368; Ludlow v. Simond, 2 Caines's Cases in Error, 1 ; Walsh v. Baillie, 10 Johns. Rep. 189; 1 B. and P. 34; Hunt v. Smith, 17 Wend. 179.
The following cases are more particularly in point, as they show a variance in paper and credit. Dobbins v.Bradley, 17 Wend. 422 Edmonston v. Drake, 5 Peters, 637, 639; Hoff v. Hadley, 5 Bing. 54; Campbell v. French, 6 Term Rep. 200; Barstow v. Bennet, 3 Campb. N. P. R. 221.
These cases fully show that the variance, even when supposed to be beneficial, takes the case out of the guarantee.
The requirements in the second credit of a permanent drawer or endorser in Europe was material. It subjected J. and A. Lawrence to the necessity of giving a premium or reci!irocating the favour. If the person of whom they bought should draw or endorse, he must guaranty to the bank out of -hich the money should be raised the solvency of the plaintiffs below.
The extension of the credit on bills from the continent to four months instead of three, to which they were restricted in the second credit, straitened their, operations. It is no answer, to say that no such paper was made under the second credit. It was a part of that
2o2

438

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. McCalmont et ILL

contract of credit and varied from the firt, and, as such, it took the case out of the guarantee. This very variance may have caused J. and A. Lawrence to withdraw their operations from the continent and confined -them to England, and this may have caused their failure.
But it is maintained that the peculiar language of this guarantee takes it out of this general rule'and sanctions the variance.
In the first part of the guarantee; she stipulates that J. and A. Lawrence shall fulfil the agreements they have made and shall make, &c. This is relied upon as sanctioning th" variance. Assuming that this authorizes not only future but different agreements, it is manifest it can have no such result. The agreements there spoken of,.are not the assumptions of the plaintiffs below which are guarantied, but the arrangements of J. and A. Lawrence for reimbursing the plaintiff}. And this shows the whole fallacy of the argument. The credit ,f 21st November has two important objects. 1st. The acceptances, assumptions, and advances on the part of the plaintiffi. 2d. The arrangements on the part of J. and A. Lawrence for reimbursing them on account of such advances. - The above clause in the guarantee refers to the latter and not the former. Of course it does- not authorize a change in the former. -
Inthe next place, much reliance is placed on the qualifying language in the second part df the guarantee. Here itdispenses with a notice to her from the plaintiffs below of their engagements and advances to J. and A. Lawrence. 'Hence it is inferred that there may be not only new but diferent engagements and advances by these plaintiffs from those embraced in the first credit. But this conclusion is entirely too broad. The whole object of the provision is not to vary the kind of engagements and advances, but to dispense with notice. It has been a moot point whether there ought to be notice to the guarantor of ne-0 transactions, though now settled otherwise in this court. The.character of the engagements and advances isn-ot affected at au by this qualifying clause, but is left'subjected to the general rule l31icabl~to a guarantee continuing.
Lastly, the clause authorizing a change in the firmg is relied upon. It is difficult to conceive how this provision for'a change in Jhe firms can authorize a change in the guarantee in other particulars. The guarantee is to continue and apply to transactions between the firms as changed. The words cc to continue and apply" would seem, to convey the idea that the guarantee is to continue the cc same," except

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

439

Lawrence v. McCalmont et al.

so far as modified by applying it to the firms as changed. A vague and loose construction of a guarantee under the pretence ofliberalizing it, can only serve to involve the whole subject in uncertainty. A change in a firm, where the business and good-will continues, leaves it substantially the same firm. The rule that a continuing guarantee does not extend where there is a change in the firm, shows the strength of the principle, which can be impaired only with the prospect of increasing litigation.
General words in an instrument, even wnere they purport to confer a power, are confined to the particular subject. Hogg v. Smith, 1 Taunt 347 ; 8 Wend. 494; 6 East, 507.
The second ground- relied on for reversal is, that the guarantee extended only to the credit of the 21st of November, 1838. This depends upon the previous question, whether that credit was continuing, or was confined to one transaction of £10,000. The following cases are relied upon to show that it was a continuing credit for the period of six months, and if so, the language of the guarantee -is fully satisfied by confining it to that one credit. There was ample time to have repeated the transactions under that credit so as to cover a second sum of £10,000. Mason v. Pritchard, 12 East, 227; Merle v. Wells, 2 Campb. 413; Douglass v. Reynolds, 7 Peters, 113.
In the third place, it was contended that the consideration was insufficient to support the guarantee. It was admitted that the court would not. make. new bargains for the parties, however unequal the contracts may be. Blit the rule requir;.ng a consideration to support a parol contract means a substantial and not a nominal consideration. Two shillings and six-pence may be a-consideration, provided it was really intended as such; but if designed to be merely nominal, it would not suffice. One dollar, according to a well-known usage, is generally inserted for a nominal consideration, it being customary to insert it in cases where a nominal consideration will suffice, and therefore a party -is not estopped from showing it was nominal., There was evidence in the case to satisfy the jury that -the consideration was nominal, and it ought to have been left to the jury to pass upon. The credit recited in the guarantee as a -consideration was clearly meant to be the credit of the 21st of November, which was a fixed credit for a definite period already established by contract, and no other credit existed between the parties. It was therefore a part consideration, and not sufficient to support the guarantee. Chitty's Contracts, p. 12.

440"

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. McCalmont -et al.

The plaintiffs below failed to give to the defendants a reasonable notice of the failure of J. and A. Lawrence to remit, which failure occurred in October, 1839; notice was given on the 29th of May following-she living within -a. few minutes' "walk of their agents, through whom. the whole arrangements of the plaintiffs were effected.
'The reasonableness of the time when the facts are ascertained, as in this case, is a question of law. There was nothing to be left to the jury. The facts were clear, and the notice given was manifestly unreasonable. The notes lodged with the plaintiff by 3. and A. Lawrence as collateral security, when protested,.should have been subjected to the like notice. The c strict" notice required to affect an endorser was not necessary; but a reasonable notice ought to
have been given,. Philip v. Astling, 2 Taunt. 212. There was nothing in the relationship between the defendant
below and J.and A. Lawrence that shbuld dispense with the ordinary requirements of the law in regard to guarintees. On the contrary, that relationship subjected her the more fully-o that species of influence which is brought to bear upon those who ordinarily go sirety for friends.
This court has heretofore been deeply impressed with this consideration. 5 Peters, 637; 9 Wheat. 680.
In 7 Cranch, 90, the court, wvith Chief Justice Marshall as their organ, say: kIt is the duty of the individual who contracts with one man on the credit of another, not to trust to ambiguous phrases."

Lord then addressed the court in an argument, of which the fol' lowing is a brief.
The Lawrences were purchasers in English market (not on continent) and wanted credit there to pay. Thei'r mother guarantied; guar-antee in 1838 ;.postage; preferences; credit. it induced; intended to induce; terms very broad and. liberal. Principle of construction; original liability, as inducing party to enter into the tGiansaction.
Law. Decisions of this court complete. Construction. Bell v. Bruen, 1 Howard, 186; Mauran v. Bullus, 16 Peters, 528; Douglass v,Reynolds, 12 Peters, 499, 7 Peters, 122; Mayer v. Isaac; 6 Mees. and Wels. 612; as to construction, to be according to fair, full import-of terms, without forcing a.construction. Notice, not requisite; successive advances under a g.neral e'ngage-
ment. 12 Peters, 504. Explanatory circumstances may be shown. 1 Howard, 186; .Lee

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

441

Lawrence v. McCalmont et al.

v. Dick, 10 Peters, 493; Brooks v. Haigh, 10 Adol. and Ellis, 309,

(37 E. C. L. R.)

Consideration. I0 .Adol.and El. 309; 2 C. and H. Ph. Ev. 216;

5 Bing. New Cases, 577, Dutchman v. Troth.

Notice of default. 1ZPeters.

Construction of papers. Guarantee.

ccHaving a credit with your house." Words capable of embracing

past, present, and future. "And in further consideration of $1 ;" receipt acknowledged; re-

fers to legality, and to make effectual.

cc I engage they shall fulfil the engagements." Plural words, re-

ferring to engagements of J. and A. Lawrence. cc They have made and shall make with you."

cHave," refrs to

past; cc shall," to future.

"cFor meeting and feimbursing the payments." Guarantee for pay-

ments.

cc Which you may assume." "cMay," both past and future assump-

tions--not ",shall," future, but ccmay," indefinite.

ccUnder such credit." Credit with your house; whatever credit

will embrace "csuch" refers to.

c"At their request." That refers both to past and future; least de-

cisive circumstance.

"cYou are to consider this a standing and continuing guarantee."

Evidently decisive of its character; vitally decisive.

cc Without- necessity of your apprizing me, from time to time, of your engagements and advances for their house." Not a limitation;

for notice of successive advances under the same credit not neces-

sary; an amplification or confirmation, for context is of amplitude, and

notice of renewals might be needful.

cc From time to time," could not refer to drafts under the one credit,

all of which were to be used in a period of six months.

" Of your engagements;" plaintiffs'; only one engagement under

the letter of 21st of November, viz. to honour bills to be drawn, but

the word is plural.

"cAdvances." By letter 21st of November, no advance was to be,

but acceptances covered.

,cAnd in case of a change of partners." cc And" connects with

"cwithout."

,cStanding guarantee," with two explanations, waiving notice,

and with permanency of corporation.

VoL. H.-56

442

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. MeCalmont et al.

"cChange of partners in your fln or theirs;" not shown change of firm contemplated in either; such double change not to happen within the short six months,; evidently contemplated renewal; the guarantee is -toapply to "ctransactions afterwards;" clearly, future dontemplation; not only change of firms, but transactions afterwards.
"Until notified byme to the contrary." Not only ordinary ontinuance umtil notice, but such continuance notwithstanding change of firm.
If no previous letter of credit, undoubtedly this guarantee would have covered more than one credit.
Is there any thing to limit2 Said letter of November. limits. Not a question of possibld construction of that letter, but probable. If she never saw the letter orknew of it; then construction of guarantee
as if no letter. -Ifshe saw the letter or knew it."cA credit of £10,000-to be availed in six months-in such drafts,
&c.-against actual shipments;?' a credit for goods to be purchased; not repeated purchases in six months of £10,000; the amount a strong circumstance to qualify..
,cIn such drafts," &c., imports amount of all drafts to £10,000this is the natural and-fair import.
"In six months." Drafts at four months ;takes one-month to buy and ship-in practice5 took the whole six months; on notice of ship-
ment, see account, time to sell to procure bills to cover. Not anatural construction to have this credit a continuing credit. Suppose this letter of 21st No-#ember lodged with a Nottingham house.
Not a continuing credit; no contemplation of continuous dealing expressed on.this lette. Melville v. Hayden, 3 Barn. and Ald.593; R9gers v. Warner, 8 Johns. R. 119; Whitney v. Givot, 24 Wendell, 84. The action of -the parties under it; the Lawrences did not attempt to eke it out 'bydrawing anew; although they showed that they wanted a new credit.
If not a continuing c.edit, then clearly guarantee cannot be. a standing and continuing guarantee unless it contemplates new letters of credit.
If aked, Why letter to six months if guarantee continuing? Answ.r, It might well-become inconvenient for McCalmont, Bros. and Co., to ren w so large engagements at such a period.
If letter of 21st of November is a continuing credit for six months, still the guarantee contemplates no such termination.
1. No limitation of time in guarantee. If intended, itwould have been expressed-so much expiessed, this -would also have been ex-
pressed.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

448-

Lawrence v. MecCalmont et aL

2. Notice of engagements and advances -waived-only one engagement of McCalmont-no advances here contemplated; the ac-

ceptances were to be" covered. "At their request," contemplates a future request not in this letter of 21st November.
3. "Engagements they have made and shall make -cannot be sat-,

isfied if confined to. the previous letter, for one engagement already

made-no plural, no future. 4. "Payments you may assume," contemplates rather-future than

present-a word indefinite, to embrace both.

5. "From time to time," cannot reasonably be cut down to six months; or rather to the short time for the new drawing of bills, i. e..

sixty days after the first drafts were drawn and covered. 6. cChange of partners"-tbis obviously contemplated a continu-

ance beyond one set of drafts.

On the wvhole, a fair reading of the paper called for a continuance

and renewal of the credit.

If " continuing and standing guarantee" no objection, that credit

not renewed until after first one terminated.

-

The reference to the guarantee did not imply a doubf of its mean-

mg,*but the contrary-it only implied carefulness as lo iti terms.

11. No want of consideration. On face of paper clear considera-.

tion oQfvalue. Opening the paper, is there want of consideration,

Can they open the paper for tlis purpose at law; it is valid on its

face. It is like a sealed bond, as to validity on its face. They may

open the paper as a receipt to recover the consideration if not paid,

but that supposes stipulation valid on our part so as to g;ve them

title to the consideration. Suppose consideration, instead, of $1 to

be $500, would non-payment vitiate the guarantee? 'Dutchman v. Troth, 5 Bing. N. C. 577; 2 Ph. Ev. (CO.and H.) 216, note.194:

Like bargain and sale of lands; why not identical? The considera-

tion there and here only to give form of law to intent 'of parties;

But the letter of 20th November, delivered on the promise of this guarantee, was consideration. -.Adoption of previous promise.

Andrews v. Poutrac, 24 Wendell R.-288. Again, Suppose paper opened: defendant must show actual want

of consideration, so as not to intend to bind. Real consideration; the promise by her sons, on which defendants acted, she informed. and confirmed it. Again, if she had refused, defendants' agents

could have countermanded and have protested against part of the

drafts. Having a credit would have ceased.

444

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. McCalmont et al.

3. Guarantee supposed continuing, or no need of this question. If continuing, having a credit renewed was full consideration.
III. No variance in new credit. The guarantee, in terms of amplest kind; allowed of any future agreements with J. and A. Law-
rence as to reimbursements, either for shorter or longer credit of reimbursement; either for reimbursement by cash or bills; for smaller amounts, for narrower terms.
Again, the subject guarantied was the engagement of McCalmont
and Co., and their payments. Now if credit were broader or not, but bills were drawn exactly within the first credit, those engagements guarantied. 'But, the letter 21st November contemplated no drawing from the conti-ent. Not, presumed to draw except at customary rate, that three months, (letter'Jan. 12,) but bills uffder old credit four months; showing no bills, for continent. New credit allowed bills for continent and so broader: but guarantee not broader; only ask to cover bills within old terms. If we had given two new letters, one for continent, one for England, no ground to contend latter not covered; the guarantee is not that we shall give the wider credit, but that the Lawrences shall pay the bills withiji the contemplation of the parties.
No additional security called for. Again, the stipulation as to parties permanently residing, &c. This declaratory only; just as the bills-under the credit of November 21 ; it was optional with us, and not insisted on; it was evidently to guard against an abuse of the credit in this country; it was merely expressing the previous understanding of the parties as it had, been acted on. It did not and could not prejudice, the Lawrences or defendants; they were to draw, to pay for goods to be bought in England; the new letter fully allows this.
IV. Notice of default. J. D. Lawrence in courty son of defendant, living with her, united interests to large amount. If any damage actually, they knew, we did not. If examined, I have shown ability to provide. Notice, first merely to give sarety notice before suit; subsequently applied for purpose of giving him opportunity .to get indemnity. Look to substance, not like notice on a draft. The court told jury object of this notice; left them to say if notice was there. Actual notice of demand was proved; knowledge in season for indemnity was clearly submitted to jury and found by them.
V. Want of protest. The notes turned over, were turned over not as negotiated but deposited; like notes in a bank for collection.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

445

Lawrence v. McCalmont et al.

Not a conditional payment. No liability sought against J. and A. Lawrence as endorsers. We hold subject to 6ncashment, to be collected and realized as far as they could, do it, and the proceeds to be remitted to plaintiffs for the credit. Distinct understanding that they received this paper subject to its encashment, on being paid at maturity. Here merely a question of onus; were plaintiffs under the technical obligation to notify J. and A. Lawrence, who h d already failed? Evidently a mere deposit for collection, not a negotiation in way of business.

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of thecourt.
This is a writ of error to the Circuit Court for the southern district of New York.
On the 21st of November, 1838, J. and A. Lawrence obtained from the agents (Messrs. Gihon and Co.) at New York, of McCalmont3 Brothers and Co., of London, the following letter of credit:
.V'ew York, 21st N'ov., 1838. Messrs. McCalmont, Brothers and Co., London:
Gent. :-We have granted to Messrs. J. and A. Lawrence of this city, a cgedit with you of £10,000, say ten thousand pounds sterling, to be availed of within six months from this time, in such drafts as they may direct, at four months' date, against actual shipments of goods for their account, and coming to their address; -saidgoods to be forwarded through you or your agents.
The above credit is granted under their engagement to cover your acceptances before maturity, by direct remittances -from this country of approved sixty day bills-seconds of exchange to be handed to us for transmission to you. You are to charg6 one per cent, commission on the amount accepted, and to keep the account at five per cent. interest per annum. We are, gents., your ob. st.,
JoHN GiHoN and Co.
The letter of credit was delivered on Mr. Lawrence's proposal of his mother's (the plaintiff in error's) security for the credit. On the 17th of December, 1838, Mrs. Lawrence gave the following guarantee:
Messrs. McCalmont, Brothers and Co., London: Gent. :-In consideration of Messrs. J. and A. Lawrende having
a credit with your house, and in further consideration of one dollar 2 P

446

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. McCalmont et al.

paid me by yourselves, receipt of which I hereby acknowledge, I

engage to you that they shall fulfil the engagements they have made

and shall make with you, for'meeting and reimbursing the payments

which you may assume under such credit at their request; together

with your charges, and I guaranty you from all payments and

damages by reason of their default.

You are to consider this a standing and continuing guarantee with-

out the necessity of your apprizing me, from ,time to time, of your

engagements and advances for their house; and in case of a change

of partners in your firm or theirs, the guarantee is to apply and con-

tinue to transactions 'afterwards between the firms as changed, until

notified by me to thWe contrary.

Yours, respectfully,

SusAr LAwENcE.

Under these documents, McCalmont, Brothers and Co. made the stipulated advafices, which were ri.paid; and on the transactions included within the six months from 21st of November, 1838,
nothing has been claimed by the London house. About the expiration of the six months, Mr. Lawrence (one of the firm of 3. and Lawrence) at New York called on the agents of McCalmoint, Brothers and C6., and asked if it was agreeable for the agents to con,tinue the credit for £10,000. The reply of one of the agents was, that there *as no objection to continue it on the same terms as before, stating that it Was to be on the mother's guarantee attached to the previous credit. Mr. Lawrence then answered, that he dl,4 not expect it on any other terms, or without the guarantee. The agent then wished time to'examine whether the guarantee was for a particular credit, or was a continuing guarantee; and having referred to the letter 6f guarkntee, they drew up and delivered to Mr. Lawrence a second letter of credit, (Mr. Lawrence and the agents both agreeing that itwas a continuing guarantee, and as such no new letter was needed from the mother.) The'second letter of credit, dated on 12fh of June, 1839, 'was as follows:

.N3ew York, June 12th, 1839.
Messrs. McCalmont, Brotrers and Co., London: Gent. .-- With reference to, our letter of 21st November last, open-
ing a Credit on your good selves, favour Messrs. J. and A. Lawrence for £10,000 to be drawn within six months from that date, and which expired by limitation last rhonth. We hereby renew the same for a lIke period from the date hereof, nd under the same stipula-

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

.447

Lawrence v. McCalmont-et al.

tions, with this proviso, that the bills be drawn by, or in favour of

parties permanently resident in Europe; and if made from the con-

tinent, they be made at the customary date, say three months.

We remain, &c.,

JonN GmoN and Co.

Under this second letter of credit bills were drawn- and paid by MeCalmont, Brothers and Co., to an amount exceeding in the whole the £10,000 stipulated for. The bills being all drawn at four months. The firm of J. and A. Lawrence not having made any. remittances to pay the new advances, and firm having failed, the agents of the London house on the 29th day of May, 1840, addressed the following letter to Mrs. Susan Lawrence, giving her notice of the
non-payment of the advances.

'ew York, MYfay 29th, 1840.

Mrs. Susan Lawrence:

Madam :-We enclose on behalf of Messrs. McCalmont, Bros. and

Co., a copy of the account of Messrs. J. and A. Lawrence with them,

showing a balance due of £10,349 8s. 5d.--say ten thousand three

hundred and forty-nine pounds eight shillings' and fivepence sterling,

on first January last, with interest. These gentlemen not having

fulfilled their engagements to reimburse this account, we claim pay-

r~ent of you under your guarantee to Messrs. McCalmont, Bros. and

Company.

Respectfully, yours,

J. GiHoN and. Co.,.

Agents of McCalmont, Bros. and Co., of London.

She declinfing to pay the deficit, the present action of assumpsit was brought against her to enforce the payment. At th& trial upon the- general issue, in addition to the facts already stated, it was in evidence that during the whole period of thesd transactions, Mrs. Lawrence resided, at Brooklyn, (New York,) in the same house with her. sons, J. and A. Lawrence. There was also evidence in the cause to show that McCalmont, Brothers and Co., had by their agents, certain notes-belonging tbthe firm of J. and A. Law-
rence, and endorsed by the firm for collection, and the proceeds when received were to be applied towards the liquidation of the debt due to the London house, subject to their encashment on being paid at maturity, under.which the sum of £1309, 16s. 6d. had been realized. The notes thus deposited for collection, which were dishonoured at maturity, were protested accordingly, and the original plaintiffs offered the protests and notices to J. and A. Lawrence of the dishonour in evidence, but the evidence as to some of the notices was

448

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. M Calmont et 41.

not full. Much other evidence was given at the trial, which, however, it is not necessary to state.
The counsel for Mrs. Lawrence then asked the court to charge the jury as follows:
1st. That the said credit of 21st November, 1838, is a standing and continuing credit during the six months.
2d. That defendant's guarantee of 17th December, 1838, is confined to the said credit, both as to time and amount.
3d. That the acceptances and claims of the plaintiffs demanded in their declaration in this suit, are not covered by the guarantee of the defendant aforesaid.
4th. That the new credit aforesaid of the 12th of June, 1839, is not a continuance or repetition of the first credit, but a departure from it, and is not covered by or embraced in the defendant's said guarantee.
5th. That the nominal consideration of one dollar, ana1 the past consideration stated in defendant's said guarantee, are not, nor is either of them, sufficient to sustain the said guarantee.
6th. That the evidence that the said J. and A. Lawrence agreed to give a guarantee at the time said credit of 21st November, 1838, was given, is not sufficient in law to render valid the consideration expressed in defendant's said guarantee, or to sustain the said guarantee.
7th. The facts being ascertained, the question whether the notice given to the defendant by the plaintiffs of the failure of the said 3. and A. Lawrence to remit to cover the plaintiffs' acceptances was reasonable, is a question of law, and no notice, sufficient in law, was given of such failure to the defendant.
8th. If the sufficiency of such notice be a question exclusively of fact, a reasonable and sufficient notice was not given to her of such failure of J. and A. Lawrence to remit as aforesaid.
9th.. The notes received by the plaintiffs, through their agents to collect, ought, when there was a failure of payment, to have been regularly protested, and due notice thereof served on the defendant and J. and A. Lawrence; and, on failure thereof, a credit should be allowed for the same.
The judge thereupon charged the jury, that the plaintiffs were not precluded from recovering under the guarantee in evidence by reason of any supposed want of consideration therefor; and the same was not without sufficient consideration.

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

449

Lawrence v. McCalmont et aL

That the said guarantee of the 17th December, 1838, was not

limited to the credit of November 21, 1838, but -was a standing and

continuing guarantee, and did apply to, and was sufficient to em-

brace, 'transactions arising after the said credit of November, 1838,

was expired.

That the new credit of June 12, 1839, and the advances and

transactions under it, were not in law without the scope of. the gua-

rantee of December 11/, 1838, and that the plaintiffs were, under the

evidence, entitled to recover for the same under the said guarantee.

That the defendant was entitled to a reasonable notice of the

default of the principal debtors, to enable her to take measires for her

indemnity; that it was for the jury to consideri whether under all the

circumstances in evidence, the defendant had not had such notice.

That as to the notes turned over by the principal debtors to J.

Gihon and Co., as the same were merely lodged with the latter, on

their engagement that the proceeds of them, when received, were to

be passed to their credit, the want of protest of any such notes as

were dishonoured, or of notice thereof to the said J. and A. Law-

rence would not entitle.the defendant to charge the plaintiffs with the

amount of such notes, or to claim a deduction for that amount.

And with that charge left the said. cause to the jury: unto which

charge, and to the refusal of the judge to charge otherwise, and as

requested by defendant as aforesaid, the defendant's counsel then and

there excepted.

The-jury found a verdict for the plaintiffs for $47,105 97 cents;

upon-which judgment was rendered for the plaintiffis; and upon that

judgment and. the exceptions taken at the trial the present writ of

error has been brought,

Some remarks have been made on the argument here upon the

point in what manner letters of guarantee are-to be construed; whether

they are to receive a strict or. a liberal, interpretation. We have no .

difficulty whatsoever in saying, that instruments of this sort ought to

receive a liberal interpretation. By a liberal interpretation, we- do

not mean, that the words should be forced out oftheir natural -mean-

ing; but simply that the words should receive a fair and reasonable

interpretation, so as to attain the objects for which the instrument is

designed and the purposes to which it is applied. We should never

forget that letters of guarantee are commercial instruments-generally

drawn up b ' merchants in brief language-sometimes inartificial,

and often loose in their structure and form; and to construe the words

VOL. Hl.-57

2 P2

SUPItEME COURT.
Lawrence v. McCalmont et a].
of such instruments with a nice and te6hnical care would not only defeat the intentons of the parties, but render them too unsafe a basis to rely on for extensive credits, so often sought ir the present active business of commerce throughout the world. The remarks made by this court in the case of Bell v. Bruen, 1 How. R. 169, 186, meet our entire approbation. The Same doctrine was asserted in Mason v. Pritchard,. 12 East R. 227, where a guarantee was given for any goods he hath or may supply W. P. with, to the amount of £100 ; and it was held by the court to be a-continuing guarantee for goods supplied at any time to W. P. until the credit was recalled, although goods to more than £100 had been first supplied and paid for; and the court on that occasion distinctly stated that the words were to be taken as strongly aainst the guarantor as the sense of them would admit of. The same doctrine was fully recognised in Haigh v. Brooks, 10 Adol. and El. 309, and in Mayer p. Isaac, 6 Mees. and Wels. 605, and especially expounded in the opinion of Mr. Baron Alderson. It was the very ground, in connection with the accompanying circumstances, upon which this court acted in Lee v. Dick, 10 Peters, 482, and in Mauran v. Bullus, 16 PNters, 528. Indeed, if the language used be ambiguous and admits of two fair interpretations, and the guarantee has advanced his money upon the faith of the interpretation most favourable to his rights, that interpretation will prevail in his favour; for it does not lie in the mouth of the guarantor to say that he may, without peril, scatter ambiguous words, by which the other party is misled to his injury.
Passing from these general considerations, let us now address ourselves to the points made at the argument. , The first point is, that the second advance was made upon terms and under an agreement materially variant from that on which the guarantee was given, without any communication with the guarantor* or her consent thereto. The variances insisted on are two ; first, in requiring the bills to be drawn by or in favour of parties permanently resident in Europe; secondly, that if the bills were drawn from the continent of Eurolie, they should be made at the customary date, say three months. We think that there is no variance whatsoever, which is not fairly within the scope of the original guarantee, and was so contemplated by J. and A. Lawrence, as well as by the agents of the London house. This is explicitly proved by the evidence; for, upon the question arising, both the Lawrences and the agents agreed that it was a continuing guarantee, and as such no new letter ofguarantee was needed. It is

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

451

Lawrence v. McCalmont et a].

true that Mrs. Lawrence was no party to this interpretation of the instrument; but then it is strong evidence to establish that it was neither a forced nor unnatural interpretation of the words. ' And the agents of the London house agreed to make the second advance upon the faith of it.
Now, looking to the very words of the guarantee, we see that it contemplated-not a single advance ftd then it was to end-but a continuing guarantee, and the very words are found in it. It also contemplated not only agreements which had been already made between J. and A. Lawrence and the agents, but also.future agreements. The guarantor says: cc I engage that they shall fulfil the agreements they have made, and shall make with you for meeting and reimbursing the payments which you may assume." And again : ",You are to consider this a standing and continuing guarantee without the necessity of apprizing me from time to time of your engagements and advances for the house." ccSo that new engagements and new advances were contemplated to be made to which the-guarantee should attach without notice thereof." And this is not all-for the girarantee goes on to provide for its continuance in cage of a change in the partners of either firm, (a change which would ordinarily be fatal to a guarantee;) and that the guarantee should apply to and continue upon transactions afterward§ between the firms so. changed, until notified by her to the contrary. It seems plain from all this language, that a series of new transactions, new agreements, and new engagements were within the contemplation of the parties; not advances for six months alone, but advances from time to time, for an indefinite period, until notice to the contrary'should be given by the guarantor. It is difficult to conceive of any language more definite- and more full to express the real intention of the parties. The original advance -aso, ihideed, agreed to be made in the manner stated in the first letter of credit; and if there be any variance between the terms of the first and the second letter of credit, that was left solely and exclusively for the immediate parties J. and A. Lawrence and theagents to adjust and consider. They might enter into any new engagements as to the-mode of dr-awing the bill, and the time which they were to run at their pleasure, without breaking in upon the true intention of the guarantee. All the stipulations of the first letter of credit were retained in the second, and an additional provision made, that if bills were drawn from the continent of Europe they should be made at the customary date and by a permanent resident. But this

452

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. McCalmont et al.

left J. and A. Lawrence at full liberty to draw direct on London at four months, if they chose; and in point of fact no bills were ever drawn by them except direct on London, and not from the continent. The additional liberty given, or condition imposed, was not availed of; and, if it had been, it would not have in any manner exonerated the guarantor from her responsibility. Without, therefore, looking to the question whether these variances might or might not have been material, if new arrangements and engagements had not been within the scope of the guarantee, we are of opinion, that the objection is, in the present case, not maintainable.
This view of the matter disposes also of the second, third, and
fourth points made at the argument. The fifth point is, that there is no valid consideration to support
the guarantee. This is pressed under two aspects; the first is, that the consideration was past and not present; for the letter of credit had been already delivered to J. and A. Lawrence by the agents of the London house. The second is, that the payment of the one dollar is merely nominal and not sufficient to sustain the guarantee, if it had been received; and it is urged that it was not received. As to this last point, we feel no difficulty. The guarantor acknowledged the receipt of the one dollar, and is now estopped to deny it. If she has not received it, she would now be entitled to recover it. A valuable consideration, however small or nominal, if given or stipulated f6r in good faith, is, in the absence of fraud, sufficient to support an action on any parol contract; and this is equally true as to contracts of guarantee as to other contracts. A stipulation in consideration of one *dollaris just as effectual and valuable a consideration as a larger sum stipulated for or paid. The very point arose in Dutchman v. Tooth, 5 Bingham's New Cases, 577, where the guarantor gave a guarantee for the .ayment of the proceeds of the goods the guarantee had consigned to his brother, and also all future shipments the guarantee might make in consideration of two shillings and sixpence paid him, the guarantor. And the court held the guarantee good and the consideration sufficient. In Brooks v. Haigh, 10 Adol. and El. 09, 323, the court held that a surrender by the guarantee of a former guarantee, even if it was not of itself binding upon the guarantor, was a sufficient consideration to take the case out of the statute of fraud and fo sustain a promise made on the footing thereof. But, independently of all authority, we should arrive at the same conclusion. The receipt of the one dollar is acknowledged; no

JANUARY TERM, 1844.

453

Lawrence v. McCalmont et al.

fraud is pretended or shown; and the consideration, if standing alone in a bonafide transaction would sustain the present suit.
As to the other point, that the consideration was past, it admits of several answers,-.each of which is equally decisive. In the first place, although the Messrs. Lawrence had received the letter of credit before the guarantee was given, yet it was a part of the originalagreement contemporaneous with the letter -of credit, that it should be given' and if the guarantee had not been given, the whole advance might have been recalled as a fraud upon the London house. In the next.place, it does not appear that all the bills for the £10,000, under the first letter of credit, were drawn before the guarantee was actually given; and if they were not, certainly it would attach upon the bills drawn under the first credit after it was actually given. The contract was then a continuing contract on both, and partially performed only by one. In the next place, the guarantee itself uses language susceptible of being treated as a present continuing consideration in, fleti. It is " in consideration of Messrs. J. and A. Lawrence having a credit with your house ;" now, the word " having" imports a present or ftiture advance, just as much as a past. The word c having" is In the present tense; and if the parties then understood the letter of credit to be inferi, and to be absolute only upon a condition subsequent, viz.: the giving of the guarantee, the word is the most. appropriate which could be used. The case of Haigh v. Brooks, 10 Adel. and El. 309, approaches very near to the p'resent. There the guarantee was "in consideration of being in advance to L. &c.I I guaranty, &c.'1 The Court of King's Bench thought that the words "being in advance" did not necessarily import a past ad,'ance, but fmigbt be applied to a present or future advance.
But that which puts the whole matter in the clearest light and beyond the reach of legal controversy, is that the advances now sued for were all made after the second letter of credit was~given; and if the guarantee applied (as we liold it did) to those subsequent advances under the new engagements, then the consideratioti was complete as upon a present and not as upon a past consideration. In every view, therefore, in which we can contemplate the objection it has no just foundation in-law.
As to the sixth point on the question, whether due notice of the ibilure of Messrs. J. and A. Lawrence to repay the advaices had been given ; it was a mere question of fact for the consideration of the jury, as to whether the guarantor had reasonable notice or not.

454

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence 0. McCalmont et al.

They have found a verdict for the plaintiffs, and we are not at liberty to disturb it in a court of error.
As to the seventh point, the notes having been left for collection only with the agents of the London house, although endorsed by the Messrs. Lawrence, they do not fall within the strict rules of commercial law applicable to negotiable paper. Admitting for the sake of the argument, that notice was not punctiliously given by the agents, still it resolves itself into a mere question of due diligence on the part of the agents to collect the notes, and falls under the general law of agency. No evidence was shown at the trial to establish any loss or damage on the part of Mrs. Lawrence for want of due protest and notice, (if they were not made ;) and in the absence of such proof we are not at liberty to presume that the agents did not do their duty.
The case of 'Swift v. Tyson, 16 Peters, 1, is entirely distinguishable from the pre~ent inits leading circumstances. There, the question was, not whether a persoh receiving a note as collateral security or for an antecedent debt was not bound to dhe diligence in its collection, otherwise he made it his own, which was not doubted; but, whether taking it as collateral security or in payment of an antecedent debt, he was not to be treated as a bona fide holder for a valuable consideration, unaffected by any unknown equities between the original parties. This court held that he was.
Upon the whole we are all of opinion that there was no error in the rulings of the court, and the judgment is, therefore, affirmed with costs.
ORDER.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States, for the southern district of New York, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, It is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs and damages at the rate of six per cent. per annum.

