J.ANUARY TERM,1845.

515

Camden v. Doremus et al.

-therefore, of iopinion, that the district judge erred in directig the
jury that the delivery of the stock was-not complete unless the traisfer ws.entered upon the books' of the banks. That was -true as to the absolute legal title, but-it did not prevent the equitable title from passing to and bedoming completely vested in the assignee under.and in virtue of.the assignment, so as to bind the attaching creditors, as soon as they had notice. thereof, and in -likenianner the banks, as soon as hey had -noticethereof.
Upon both groinds rtherefore, stated in the exceptions, the judg-
ment of the Circuit Court is reveised, and the cause remanded to that court with directions to "award a venire facias de novo.

XonN B. CAxDkx, PLAInTFr iN EIton, v. Tirois C. Donaiu,, Cw
N uLs R. SUtPAX, JANEs SuYDAM, AND JON M. NixON, DsaNw-
ANTS W Enovt
Where a general objectiQn is made, in the court below, to the reception of testimony, without' stating thie grounds of the objection, this court considers- it as vagne and nugatory; nor ought it-to have bern tolerated in the court below.
Where at, the time of the endorsement and transfer of a negotiable note, an agreement was made that the holaer should s~nd it for collection~to the bank at which it was, on its face, made-payable, and In the event of its not being paid at maturity, shotld use reasonable and due diligence to collect it from th drawer and -prior endorsers before resorting to the last endorser, the ,.holder is bound to conditions beyond those which are implied in the ordinary. transfer and receipt of commercial instruments.
Evidence of the general custom of'banks to give previous notice .to the payer, of the time when riotes will fall die, was properly'rejected, unless the witness -could testify as to the practice of the jarticular bank at which the note was made payable.
A presentment and demand of payment of the note, at maturity, within bank-. Ing hours, at the bank where the note was made payable, was a suffidient compliance with the contract to send it to the bank for collection.
The record of &,suit brought by the 'holder against the maker and pxior endorsers was proper evidence of.reasonable and due diligence to collect the amount of 'the note from them; and it was a proper instruction, that if the jury believed that the prior endorsers had left the state and-were -insolvent, the holder of thenotewas 'not bound tosend executions to the 6ounties where/ these endorsers resided af the institution of the suit. -
The diligent and -honest prosecution of a suit to judgment with a roturn of islla bona, has always been regarded as one of the extreme tests of due diligence.
And the ascertainment, upon, correct and sufficient proofs, of entire and notorious insolvency, is recognised by the law as answering the demand of due diligence, and as dispensing with the more dilatory evidence of a suit.
If the holder cannot obtain a judgment against the maker for the whole amount of the note, in consequence of the allowance of a set-offas between the maker and one of the prior endorsers, this is no bar to a full recovery against the last endorser, provided the holder has been guilty of no negligence.

5SUPREME

COURT.
Camden v. Doemus et al.

Tmis case was brought up, by writ -of error,.,from the Circuit Court'of the United-States for the district of Missouri.
The deenldants in error were citizens of the state of New York and partners in trade uner the name and style of Doremus, Suydams and Nixon. The plaintiff, in error was the surviving partner
of the mercantile house of John B.'and Marbel Camden, which carried on business at St. Louis-under the name and firm of J. B. and M. Camden. The plaintiff in error was sued in.the court below as
endorser of the following promissory note. On the 8th of June, 1836, Ewing F. Calhoun executed this note;
virz. :

"$4219 90.

"cTwelve months after date, I-promise to pay Judah Barrett, or

order, four thousand two hundred and nineteen dollars and ninety

cents, negotiable and payable at the Commercial Bank of Colum-

bus, June 8, 1836. -

EwnG F. CA.HouN,

c'Mississppi + 1809."

Columbus, Mississippi."

Which note' was enaorsed by Barrett to Sterling Tarpley, or order, by him'to J. B. and M. Camden, or order, and by them to Dorpmus, Suydams', and Nixon, or order.-
On the 22d of August, 1836, the plaintiffs and defendant entered into the following agreement:
"JNew York, .ugdsr 22d, 1836. "Memorandum of an agreement-and trade made by and between Doremus, Suydams and Nixon, of the city of New York, of the one .part, and J. B. & M. Camdeui, of the city of St. Louis, of the other part, witnesseth: Whereas, the sai Camdens have this day sold and assigned unto the said Doremus, Suydams and Nixon, a note for four thousand two hindred and nineteen _V dollars, payable twelve
months after date, and dated the eighth day of Jime, 1836, and negotiable and payable at the Jommercial Bnk Qf Columbus, Miss. Executed by Ewing F. Calhoun to Judah Barrett, and endorsed by the said Judah Barrett and Sterling Tarpley and J. B. & M. Cam-
den. Now, it is expressly understood and ageed by the contracting parties, that -the said Doremus, Suydams. and Nixon, are to send
the' said note to the said Commercial Bank of Columbus, Mississippi, for collection, and in the event of its not being paid at maturity, they are to use reasonable and due diligence to collect it of the drawer and two endorsers befote they call upon the said Camdens; but in the event of its not being made out of themr then the said Camndens bind and obligate themselvps, sb soon as'informed of,the fact, to pay the said Doremu's, Suydams and Nixon, the principal of, the said note, together with its interest and all legal costs they may have incurred in attempting its collection.
J. B. '& M. CAMDEN, DoRnus, SunDAxs & NixoN."

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

-517

Cainden v. Doremus et a."

The note not being paid at maturity, suit was brought b the endorsers against the plaintiff ih error as surviving partner of the endorsers J, B- and M. Camder.
.Upon the trial of the cause, the plaintiff offered to read in evidence sundry depositions, and also a voluminous. record, which are all set -forth in full in the first bill of exceptions, but which it is impossible to insert here on account of their great length. They were,
1. The deposition of Thomas B. Winston, that he presented the note at the Commercial Bank of Columbus, and denmanded .payment thereof, which Was refused; that payment whs demanded on the 10th of June,1837, because the day of payment fell on Sunday; that it was protested, and notices thereof sent to the first, second, and third endorsers.
S2. The deposition'of Ewing F. Calhoun, proving hiis own signature; the handwriting, of the first and second endorsers; that he was sued at the first court uftei the note became due ; that the suit was prosecuted as diligently as possible to a judgment and.execution4 that deponent continued to .reside "inLowndes county, Missssippil," but that at the rendition of the judgment Barrett' resided-in South Carolina) and Tarpley in Texas; that Barrett and Tarpley were both insolvent, and had no property within, the state of Mississippi, outof which. to make the judgment, -or any part thereof; -that at the trial deponent was allowed a set-off. against Tarpley, of about $1500, which Tarpley owed deponent at th6 time 'of the commencement of the suit; and before he received notice of Tarpley's endorsement.
. The deposition of Samuel F. Butterworth, that the suit was
prosecuted as diligently as possible to judgmerit- and, execution; that at October term) 1838, a verdict was rendered for the plaintiffs; which was -set aside;_ that in April, 1839, another verdict was rendered, which was also set aside; that in December, 1839; a verdict was "rendered 'for only $3498 46: upon which a erfo-a.= was issued- the statutes of the state not authorizing process against the person; that no property could be found out of which theexecuti6n or any part thereof could be made.
4. A document purporting to be a transcript of the record of thesuit spoken of above, showing its progress up to .the final return of the sheriff, which was as follows: "The within named Ewing F. Calhoun, Judah Barr~tt, and Sterling 0. Tarpley, have no goods or 'chattels,' lands or tenements,'within my county, whereof I can make-the sums within mentioned, or any part thereof.' March 28th, 1842."'
Each one of these papers was severally objected to by the-de. fendant, but the, court overruled the objectibn, and permitted. them: to be read in evidence. The admissiori of these four papers con- stituted the ground of the first bill of exceptions.
Bill of exceptions No. 2. 2X

518

$-UPREME COURT.

Camden-v. Doremu's et al.

" Be it remembered, that on the trial of this cause, the plaintiffs,

in addition to the evidence in the former bill of exceptions in this

case contained, examined Pardon D. Tiffany-as a witness,' who tes-

tified, that shortly before this suit was brought, as well as ifter, lie

had conversations withfthe defendant-in relation to the claim of the

plaintiffs against him; and the defendant told th6 witness that he

had transferred the note in question in the present action to the

plaintiffs, for goods purchased -from them, and that at the time, he

transferred the note to the plaintiffs he was indifferent whether they

took it or not, as he considered s6me of the parties thereto asgood

as George Collier, (who is known to the court and jury-as a very

rich man.) Witness did not know whether defendant saw the note

or not. The witness received a copy of the record of the suit in

Lowndes-county, Mississippi, brought by the plaintiflh against Ewing

F. Calhoun, the maker-of the note, and Judah Barrett and Sterling

Tarpley, the endorsers; bit witesg could not say whether he re-

ceived the copy from Mr. Adams, the agent of the plaintifs, or from

the defendant, or from Mr. Ganiber, -the counsel of the .defendant.

The" defendant in his conversation with witness was aware -of the

nature of the plaintiffs' claim against him, and objected to the

claim, alleging that the plaintiff; had not used due diligence to coI-

lect the amount of the note he did not say that if he were satisfied

that diligence had been iised 'he'w6uldpay the claim; but he did

say, that he was not bound -to pay, and. would not pay the claim;

but made'no other objection to th'e claim 6ut want of diligence

The Plaintiffs; next gave in -evidence an act of the 1egislature

of the state of Mississippi, entitled (I an act to abolish imprison-

mentfor debt," apprbyed Februaty"16th, 1839, -whichact"the parties

here in open court agree may lfe read in any court in wich this

cause may.be pending, from' the printed statutes vf the state of

Mississippi.

The plaintiffs then prbved the handwriting of the defendant to the

following letter addressed to the plaintiffs, and read the same in evi-

dence to the jury in the words following:

" Saint Louis, October 24th, 1839.

"Messrs. DoREMuS, SuYD-s & Nxxox, "New York:

S"Gnr.Ts :-Your favour of the I1th inst. is received, and contents

noted. It is quite out of our power to send. you any New Orleans

bills for your note on E. F. Calhoun. - We trust you will before

long receive a judgment for th'e entire debt, interest and cost, and

that you will find by the virtue of an execution that ' insolvency

has not passed upon them all.' Those who have gone to Texas

may ybt make a great rise in that fine country. We regret that the

note has been so difficult of collection. We scarcely know which,

you or we, made the worst trade; we-have many of the goods on

hand we got for it.

Your friends, "J. B. & M. CAhmm.:

JANUARY TERM, I845.

619

Camden v. Dorem-us et al.

cCYour message to Mr. Homans,- cashier, has been attended to,
and delivered." It was admitted by defendants, counsel, that the endorsements
on the note iven in evidence were filled up in the handwriting of Josiah Spalding, the counsel of the. plaintiffs in this action, for the purposes of this suit. It Was also admitted that the laws of.the state of New York placed the liability of endorsers upon. promissory notes on the same footing-with the liability of endorsers upon inland bills
of exchange under the general law merchant; The plaintiffs having here closed their case, the defendant pro-
duced one William C. Anderson" as a witness, who, being sworn, iestified that he had been employed in seyeral banks, and had con-
ducted on in St. Louis himself;.that the practice in banks in relation to notes deposited with'them for collection, was to give notice to the payer of the note that it was in thie bank, and When it would become due; that .the effect on the credit 6f a payer, .of a failure to pay the not6 wheii it be6ame due, was dierent in eastern and westem banks. In banks af the .east, paper deposited for collection was considered almost as sacred as paper discounted by the banks, and a failure to pay would stop the accommodation of the payer at the bank; -but in the western banks, the effect of permitting collection paper to lie over was not of much consequence to the credit of the payer. The defendant's counsel having asked the witnfess, whether -a note presented at a bank for payment on the last day of grace, by a notary public, would .be considered as having been sent to the bank for collection, within the meining of the contract between plain-. tiffs and defendant, the question was objected toby the plaintiffs' counsel, and the bourt not only refused to allow'the question to be
answered, but rejected MIl testimony given by the witness, or which might be given, In relation to the practice of banks on notes deposited for collection, unless the witness could testify as to the practice or usage of the Commercml -Bank of Columbus, mentioned in the note of Calhoun; to which opinion of the court the defendant, by
his counsel, excepts. Instructions asked by defendant. "The defendant, by his counsel, moved- the court to instruct the
jury, that the plaintiffs were bound to send the note 6f Ewing F. Caloun, endorsed by -Judah Barrett and Sterling Tarpley, to the Commercial Bank o7 Columbus, Mississippi, for collection; and
that, unless it is proved'to the satisfaction of the jury that this was
done by the plaintiffs, they must fiid for the defendant; which instruction was given to the jury-by the court, with this explanationThat if the -jury believes the note was presented at the bank, and had [?] there,.by the agent of the plaintiffs, at the banking hours on the day it fell due, so as to be a valid demand on the maker, then it was duly at the bank, as required by the contract sued on. To
which explanatory instruction the defendant, by his counsel, except6.

520

'SUPREME COURT.

CO m-den v. Dbremus et ,al.

* "The defendant, by hih couusel, furth-efrmoved the court t, instruct

the jury, that the plaintiffs were boundto use diligence by suit against

Calhoun, the maker of the note, and Barrett auid Tarpley, the en;

dorsers thereof, in order to collect the money; and that if-the plain-

tiffs-neglcted to prosec"te their action with diligence against either

of said partiesthe defehidant is not responsible on his endorsement

of the note in question; which instruction was givenby the court.

"The defendantby his counsel, then moved the court to instruct

the jury, that the record from the Circuit Court of Lowuides county,

given in evidence, does not show due diligence by Suit against Cal-

houn, the maker, and Barrett and Tarpley, the enorsers, of the note

in question; which instructiin the court refused'to give, and in lieu

thereof instructed -the jury, that, sb far ds the record gobs, it does

show due diligence on part of the plaintiffs; and if the jury believe

from'the evidence, given in addition to the record, that the two en-

dorsers had left the state of Mississippi, and were insolvent, and had

left no property in that state, at the time the judgment was rendered,

that the "plainiffs wereiiot-bound -to cause executions to be sent to

the counties where the endorsers respectively resided at the time they

were sued. To which opinions of the court, in refusing the instructfon asked by the defendant aslast above-mentioned, and in giving

the instruction in lieu thereof which was given byothe. ourt;the de-

fendant,. by his counsel, excepts. - "The defendant, by his counsel, tbeft moved the court to instruct

the jury, that the plaintiffs, under the law of Mississippi, were enti-

tledto a judgment against Tarpley for the full amount of 'the note,

notwithstanding'any p.ayment or-set-off between'Calhoun, he maker

of the note, and Tarpley, the endorser- and that, -ifthe plaintiff

'have neglected to assert their right to such judgment, and'have suf-

fered a judgment by their neglect to pass for'a smaller amount, the

defendant is discharged by such .neglect for all accountability-for the

sum thus lost; -which instructions the couit refused to give, -because

the record from Mississippi furnished all th&evidence on the subject

to which this instruction refers, and no negligence appears from said

record in prosecuting the suit against Tarpley; to which opinion'of-

the court the defendant, by his counsel, excepts. And the defend-

ant, by his counsel, prays the court to sign and seal this his bill of

exceptions and that the same,may be iiade part of the record, which

is dofie.

J. CATRON,

[L. S.]

R. W. WELS, [..s-1

John J. Hardin;for plaintiff in error. Z. Cotlins Lee, for defendants in error.

Hardin'sargument-was as follows: The points now arising for the consideration of the court, are: · 1. Were the instructions asked improperly refdsed; and those delivered in lieu thereof improperly given?

JANUARYTERM, 1845.

021

Camden v. Doremus et a!.

-2. Were the depositions, or any one of tem,. improperly per-

mitted, to be read in evidence?

3. Does the record from Mississippi show the use of reasonable

and due diligence? The contract was not complied with, by defendants in error, in

this:

They were to CCsend the said note to the Commercial Bank of Co-

lumbus, Mississippi, for. collection." This they did not do, and

there is no evidence that the bank ever had it for collection. It is

true this note was protested for non-payment on the last day of grace;

but there is a wide difference between sending a note to a bank for

collection, and merely pregenting it for payment on the last day of

grace. Banks, universally, are collecting agents; they always give

notice of the time of payment, and of the amounts due, to the debt-

ors whose notes are left with them for collection. It is an injury to a

man's credit, and not unfrequently destroys his business character,

not to provide the means of paying a note left with a bank for col-

lection, and of ivhich he has been notified. These reasons must'

have operated with plaintiff in error' in inducing him to require the

note to be sent to the bank for collection. Calhoun, as appears from

the redord, lived in the town where the Columbus Bank was situated;

and if he had been notified that the note was left in the bank for col,
raction, he might have had an opportunity of providing for its liqui-

dation. Nor will it do to say that the presentation of the note for

payment was the same' thing in substance as sending it to the bank

for collection. The plaintiff in error did not think so, and at any

rate he has required the stipulation that the note should be sent to

the bank for collection by defendants in error; and the defendants

in error have no right to say that, although they did not comply)

they did wvhat amounts to'nearly the same thing. The sending the

note to the bank for collection was a condition precedent to the lia-

bility of plaintiff in error, and should be shown to have been strictly

complied with by defendants in error.

Suppose, for instance, as is the fact, though it does not appear on

the record, that the note was sent-to the Columbus Bank of Georgia,

and did not reach the agent of defendants in error in Mississippi

until the last day of grace, when it was forthwith protested.. This

was not a compliance with the letter or spirit of the contract;

In this view of the case, it was proper to prove what was the

usage of banks with regard to paper left with them for collection,

and the testimony of W. C. Anderson, page 519, was therefore per-

tient. This tesimony was excluded by the court, and was'there-

fore error.

The first instruction asked by the plaintiff ini error.in the court

below was, therefore, proper; and was erroneously refused.

The depositions were improperly permitted to be read.

1st Objection. They were taken before a "judge of the ninth

VoL. 1I -66

2x2

52-2

SUPREME COURT.

Camden v. Doremus et aL

judicial disttict of Mississippi." The law of 1789 makes no menton of such an officer as authorized to take depositions. Ifit is
said that such judges were judges of a "Court of Common Pleas," within the meaning of that law, it is arswered, that if so, that fact' should appear affirmatively in the certificate of authentication. No
evidence aliunde being introduced, the deposition itself should contain the complete evidence that it was taken by a legally authorized officer. 1 Peters, 355.
2d Objection. The depositions were taken de 4ene esse, and the certificate does not comply. either with the letter or spirit of the law.
The 30th section of the Judiciary Act of 1789 provides for taking. such depositioni when the witness rbsides more than a hundred miles from the place of trial, upon giving due notice of the time and place of taking the deposition "to the adverse party, or his attorney, as either may be nearest, if either is within a hundred
miles of-the place of caption."
This law, being in derogation of the common law, must be strictly complied with. 1 Peters, 355; -3 Cranch, 297.
The certificate of the judge attached to each one of the deposi-
tions, states that no noiification was given to plaintiff in error of the taking of the said depositions, "because neither- the said John B. Camden, nor his counsel, live within one hundred miles," &c.
It was decided by"the Supreme Court, 3 -Cranch, 297, that in taking a deposition under a ddimus lPotestatem, the term "attorney," used in the Virginia statute, meant an attorney in- fact, and not an attorney at law. The words of the Virginia sttitute-sde Tate's Digest, p. 2103 sects. 18 and 15--are, on ."givingnotice to the adverse party, his attorney, or agent."
'The inference from analogy, and from the decision in 3 Cranch, 297, is irresistible, that the term "1attorney," used in the 30th sec-
tion of the law of 1789, means an attorney in fact, and not an attorney at law.
It therefore would be nocoiipliance with the law to certify that "1neither the adverse party, nor his atto-rhey at law, live within one hundred miles," &c. It seems to have been the idea of the judge who made the authentication, that the law of 1789 meant an attorney at law. But even it the law was construed to mean an attorney
at law, the -word 11 counsel," used in the certificate, does not meet its requisition. A counsel and an attorney are two distinct legal officers. - Their duties may be, but are not necessarily, discharged by the same person. It is the province of an attorneyto .prepare a
case, by making up the pleadings, .taking depositions, &C.; whilst the counsel in the cause manages-it in court after the case is prepared by the attorney to his hand. The plaintiff inerror might not have had a counsel within a hundred miles, and yet have had an attorney at law. But as a counsel is neither an,attorney at law or an attorney in fact,-non constat, but that the plaintiff in error had an

JANUARY TERM,14.

523

Camden v. Doremus et aL

attorney living within one hundred milks, and the defeidants in error failea to give him notice, and therefore have had the authenticati6n so made as to prevent this fact from appearing. The law being in derogation of a man's common law rights, and fife depositions being taen ex parte, the authentication should exclude every conclusion which could in reason be made against the legality -and
formality of taking the deposition. 1 Peters, 355. They should,
therefore, have been excluded from the jury.
3d Objection. The deposition of Thos. B. Winston should have been'excluded, because he was not- sworn to testify "the whole truth."1 He was sworn "1tcr testify the truth, and fiothing else but the truth." Now, the '30th section of the act 6f 1789, authoprizin the taking,.of these depositions, expressly provides that "1the witness is to be carefully examined, and cautioned, ahd sworr or affirmed, to testify the whole truth." This was not done, and the deposition, therefore, should have been excluded. This is ana-
logou' to the case where a witness does not answer the general interrogatory, " Do you-know any thing further ?" "Such a neglect
is sufficient to vitiate the deposition.- 3 Wash. 109. 4th Objection. The deposition of S. F. Butterworth'should have
been excluded for imperfection or diminution. It begins by stating,
" That the annexed note was sued," &c.; and no note is annexed, or set out in the deposition. Nor could any one tell who were the parieg to the note from any thing which is contained in the-deposition, for their names are not even mentioned. The co.urt cannot tell whether it was the note here sued on that the witness had before him, and intended to have annexed to his deposition, or whether it
was not an entirely different instrument. This defect cannot be supplied by reference to the deposition of
Winston, for that is a distinct deposition, and was taken at a different time-one being taken on 15th January, and the other on 17th February, 1842. Each deposition must be perfect in itself.
If the depositions are excluded, there is no evidence whatever of any diligence. If the deposition of T. B. Winston, the acting notarypublic, is excluded, there is no testimony to show that the note was even pksented for non-payment at the Columbus Bank. This being required by the contract, the other, testimony would not be sufficient to support the judgment. But the fact of permitting one improperly taken deposition to be read -to the iurv is sufficient to
reverse the judgment.
The court erred in refusing the third instruction asked by plaintiff
in error, which was substantially, that the record from Lowndes county does not show due diligence by suit, and also in the instruction given in lieu thereof by the co~rt. - First. The suit in Lowndes county, Mississippi, was instituted by defendants in error, against maker,
and two first endorsers of the note here sued on; under a provision in the statutes of Mississippi. Howard and Hutchinson's statutes

524

SUPREME COURT.

Camden v. Poremus et aL

of Mississippi, 597, sect. 33, authorizing this mode of'instituting. suit. A subsequent section of same law provides, (sect. 35, Howard and Hutchinson, 596,) "The court shall receive the plea of non-assumpsit and no other, as a defence to the merits in'all suits brought in pursuance of this act, and all matters of difference may be given in evidence under the said plea. And it shall be lawful for the jury to render a verdict ainst part of the defendants, and in favour of the others, if the evidence before them require such a
verdict, and the court shall render up the proper judgments in such verdicts against the defendants, which judgments an verdicts shall not be reversed, a nulled, or set aside for want of form." . Sect. 41, same act and. page, provides, that defendants shall not sever in their pleas to the-merits of the action.
Another act of Mississippi, Howard and Hutchinson, 374, sect.
1:2, provides, that 'the defendant shall Je allowed the benefit of any payment, discount, or, et-off, made, had, or possessed against -the same, (any assigned note or bill of exchange,) previous to the notice of the assignment."
These provisions are innovations on the common law, ana were evidently intended to create a new practice in pleadings,- trials, and rendering up jidgments. If it is not so, then-the set-off of the maker of the D,te, Calhoun, against the second endorer, Tarpley, was all wrong, and there was a total want of diligence in defendant
in error, in not taking th case to the appellate court and having it there decided, and in permittihg the- case to be continued for three years, for an improper defence in the Circuit Court.
Admitting, then, that it was proper for Calhoun to claim his setoff against Tarpley, it is clear that judgment should have been rendered against Calhoun for the amount of note and interest, after deducting the amount of-the set-off. But it is equally clear, that as Tarpley endorsed the note without crediting thereon the amount of the set-off, and without giving notice that there existed any such set-off, that judgment should have been - rendered against him for the full amount of the note and interest. le 35th section provides expressly for shch cases.- And without such a provision, and 4 strict compliance -with the law under it, most flagrant injustice would be done in numerous cases, and especially n the present instance. Tarpley endorses the note to -plaintiff*in error, without notice of any set-off. Plaintiff in error endorses it to defendant in error, on the faith of Tarpley's solvency. Defendant in eiTor sues Calhoun and Tarpley, and takes a judgment against both, for the amount due from Calhoun to Tarpley, and wholly neglects to take - a judgment for the amount really and justly due by Tarpley, as the law authorized. If plaintiff in error now pays up the note and interest, and goes back on Tarpley, this judgment against Calhoun * and Tarpley, for less than what Tarpley was legally liable for, will be a bar to a recovery for a greater sum. The defendant in error

IANUARY TERM, 184.

525

Camden v. Doremus et aL

having thus failed to obtain a judgment as he iould have done for the whole amount due, and thils having prejudiced plaintiff in error, there was not due diligence used.
The 36th section of the statute of Mississipli, Howard and Hutchinson, 596, provides, that "new trials shall alone be 'granted to such defendants as the verdicts may have been wr6ngfully rendired against, and judgments shall be rendered against all the other defendants in pursuance of the verdict." It appears a verdict was rendered on the 17th October, 1838, against all three of the de-,
fendants, Calhoun, Barrett, and Tarpley, for $4102 '77, and.judg-
ment rendered thereon. On same page, it appears, that at same time 1,th'e defendant, E. F. Calhoun, moves the court to grant a
new trial, &c." On page 28, the case is docketed' "Doremus, Suydam and Nixon, v. Ewing.F. Calhoun ;" and it states, "thereupon came on the motion of the defendant for a new trial, &c.," which
motion was sustained. This motion was made by one defendant, the reasons assigned are personal to himself, and the new trial is
granted him on his motion. According to the 36th section above, judgment should have been rendered against Barrett and Tarpley,
the- endorsers, who did not join in the motion for a new, trial, and
who had 'no. possible defence against the note. Yet defendant in error neglected totrake any such judgment. And the case goes on as though they'were entitled to, and had granted to them, a new trial, and no final judgment is rendered until 27th December,.1839, more than a year after, whel)..'hese defendants had moved out of the state, as appears by the record. This is a clear case of a neg-
lect of due diligence. See also a similar motion by Calhoun. * A similar neglect appears in another part of the record. Another
statute of Mississippi, Howard and Hutchinson, 616, provides: S"Sect. 11. Every new trial at law shall be on such terms and, conditions 'as the court shall direct; and no more than two new trials shall be granted to either party in the same cause." Now
the record shows that three new trials were granted in this case. The first verdict and new frial was granted 21st October, 1837. The second on the 17th October, 1838. The third on 19th April, 1839, and the fourth and last trial was, h-d on 27th December, 1839. All these new trials were granted on mQtion of defendant Calhoun; and after two were granted, it was error in the court in
Mississippi, and it was gross neglect in defendants in error that they did not have it reversed. The Supreme Cburt of the state of Mississippil 1 Smedes and Marshall, 421, have expressly decided that the court cannot grant more than two new trials. .By the neglect of defendants in error, a gross 'injury is done plaintiff in error in this: On the third trial, the~verdict was for $4236 26, and on the
last trial it was only for $3498 45; thus decreasing the amount which plaintiff ,in error could thereafter recover againsc the maker and two first endorsers.

526

SUPREME COURT.

Camden t. Doremus et al.

Again: There was not due diligence shown in the record in this. There was never any service of process on defendants, Barrett and Tarpley, the first and. ,econd endorsers. There never was d writ issued to the county where Tarpley resided. They never appeared in court and entered their appearance; nor do any attorneys enter their auppearance for them. It is tiue the pleas, which are most carelessly drawn, use the words "the said defendants say," &c.; but nowhere does it appear that they authorized an appearance; and the whole defence is conducted by the attorneys for Calhoun. It is manifestly improper that this loose mode"of pleading in the name of defendants, by Calhoun's attorney, should be construed into an appearance arid defence for the endorsers; for the whole of Calhoun's* defence consisted of a set-off against Tarpley; and their interests in this suit were directly conflicting. The whole proceedings, therefore;' against Barrett and Tarpley, were informal; and o tere was want of diligence in not bringing them. beford the court by legal process, so that they might have had an opportunity of contesting Cah6un's set-off."
Besides" this, there never was an execution, or "branch writ," issued to the counties, where, it appears from Winston's deposition, that Barrett andTarpley resided; and in this there was a want of due diligence to use all the means of the law to collect the judgment. . There has also been an entire faihire of the defendants in error to obtain payment from Barrett and Tarpley. One of them moved to South Carolina, and the other to Texas. One of them is certainly
within the jurisdiction of our courts. As to the jurisdiction of our courts over the other, adhuc subjudice lus est.

Lee argued thus:
* The defendants in error, by their counsel, respectfully shbmit with the record, that there is no error in the rulings and decision of the Circuit Court of the United States, for Missouri, in the questions of law raised and adjudged in this case, and that all the material and important facts in the cause were fully considered by the jury, which were necessary for them to render, as they have done, a proper and just verdict in the premises, and that the judgment
ought therefore to be affirmed. But it is objected, and n6w argued by the plaintiff in error t that
the contract was not complied with, because." the note was not sent to flie'Bank of Columbus, Mississippi, for collection." - The answer to this 6bjection is obvious and conclusive, and to be found in the facts as sworn to by Thos. B. Winston, by which the court will perceive that the usual and proper demand of payment of said note was made on the 10th. June, 1837, at the Bank of Columbus,
Mississippi, and due .notices--of protest sent td the endorsers; in a word, that all which the law merchant, or bankls"usage requir'ed, as to the presentation and protest of the note, was strictly complied

SIANYARY°TERM, 1W4.
C~m~den v. Doremnu3 e.t a].
with; -andit is apprehended thatthe term "for collection," used in the contract between the parties, cannot be made to express more than a legal and proper-demand at the maturity of the said note; and that this was a compliance both wvith the contract and stipjilation in the note itself; for collection at the bank means payment thereon. The court was therefore right'in limiting the action of the holders of the note to demand payment at the bank specified on the note, and during bauk hours; &c. There, is, besides, nothing in this record to show that any proper step was *omitted, orithat the plaintiff in error ever understood the contract in the sensO. now contended for by him.
.2. As- to one of the objections, that due prodess was not served, or suit properly instituted against Barrett and Tarpley, there cai be no ground to question the regularity of the pro'ceedings; and the court will find all necessary legal steps to have been promptly taken in strict-dccordance with the laws of Mississippi, to which the plaintiff in errog has .referred; and it is presumed that the _aitormey,, entered upon the record as acting for Messrs. Barrett a~d Tarpley, acted in, good faith, and by their appointment, and beyond this the court cannot now look,
The.court, too, rightly rejected the testimony of W. C. Anderson, because the usage of banks, east or west, and the opinion of the witness, could not be evidence, when the contra tand note in question stipulated distinctly for the collectio 1,or prdsentation'of the said note at the Bank of Columbus, at Mississippi, whose usage alone was important to .be known, and which it was presumed had- been known, and governed the parties at the time the contract was made. Another objection is taken to the depositions in this case, and which it is contended were.inadmisible on several grounds.
But the defendants in error now confidently submit that upon examination of tht Judiciary Act of 1789, sect. 30th,- 2. Laws U. S. 68, it will be found that -the depositions objected to were legally taken in due form, and in compliance with the law referred to, however strictly it may be construed.
The deliosition of Winston is certified to by the. "presiding judge," and that of Calhoun also by the judge of the court before whom the suit was pending;, and another depbsition is certified andtaken by the presiding judge of the ninth judicial district of Mississippi. This being, in the language of the' law,-taken before "a judge, or justice,,.&c. &c."
The terms. qr titlesi attorneyand counsel, between which somenice distinctions are -drawn ini -the argument,. are, by common con.sent and usage, now regarded as cionvertible terms; and, indeed, the Judiciary Act, to which reference is made, does itself so speak of them. See.sect. 30th.
The law meant the attorney or counsel, not in'fact, as is contended, but the party's legal -attorney or counsel, and generally-none but

68SUPREME.

COURT.
Camden v. Dofemus et al.-

such can be of'recbrd, or act in court; besides, the certificates to these depositions name the attorney in one or more-intances.
So'also as to the objectionthat one of the witnesses (Winston) was not sworn to tell the "wh ole truth' "This -maybe a clerical or typo-
graoihical omissionas the word- "whole" truth is used in all the
other'depositions.; and even were it omitted by the judge, it is sulbmitted whither, under the true intent -nd meaning of the Judiciary Act, seut..30, this would be fatal.'to the deposition.
Anothdr objection as to these- depositions is made with reference to an-omission; as it is alleged, of the note referred to in-the deposition, -as th6."' annexed note';" but be this as it may, the court will find-that the whole d~position taken together is full and distinct as to -the.particular-note, and nothing more was reqtuired. S..,Finally, us to the question of dug-diligence: .it cannot be denied
that it is for the court, on the facts supposed, to determine the point
of due 4iligence. , The question only is, whether the facts contem-
plated by the court's -direction prove "due and reasonable ,diliFence'!under the agreement of Camden and Co. with the defendants inerror. Due and. reasonable diligence means "reasonable dili-. gence.'0 'But "due" and ",reasonable" may, in truth, be regarded
a. convertible terms in this association, -Was such diligence. used? .The suit is shown to have been
iigidly and promptly prosecuted, without the remissness of a day, and with ieVry delay acc6unted for under authoity superior to' the party's prevention or discretion. And fllahly,"a~ft"ifcias issues instantly, avd a return appears of -ndia bona, and it is shown that
thelaws of Mississippi allow no ca. sa It is further proved, that at the time of judgment the defendants were insolvent, and notoriously. so, (or at least known to " public" rumor to 'be so.) It is in this case found that one of 'the defendents had gone to Texas when the
judgment was obtained; but it is not shown that that. change. of residence was known-to these 8aimants, or to their counsel. And if it was, need there have been a pursuit 'of him into Texas, and.'a roving c~pias to explore for him whithetsoever report might have
sent him?- Was this neressary, with proof, too,- of actual insolvency ? Due diligence can be required only becatise cailigence may find and seize propelSy to pay the claim--and where there is insolvency due diligence has no object, or rather consists, at the, utmost stretch of obligation, in having-a return o:i execution of nulla bon. Ths retutn is in fact only a test, or a form' of proof; of insolvency.
Substantiated otherwise, the dity of .diligence has as truly been fulfilled by simply'recoverig judgment.and by issuing execution upon it. Here insolvency is Proved, and -judicilal ascertaihinent wis not
requisite. And the office of.- due diligence-was accomplished by suit. and judgment, aiid,.(th6ugh' unnecessay) by-the fruitless fieri facias.
-That-the end'of 'all, icdue diligence"- is butto6 dvailqf solvency,

YA14UARY TERM, M54.

5W9

Camden v. Doremns e-t al.

or to establish insolvency, and that proof of insolvency, otherwise than judicially) supersedes all steps of further diligence, variouscases settle very clearly. See Saunders v. Marshall, 4 Hen. & Munf. 455, 458; Thomas v. Wood, 4 Cowen, 172, "188; Boyer ·v. Turner, admr. 3 Harr. & Johns. 285, 287; Reynolds et al. v.
Douglass et al., 12 Peters, 503; and 1 Law Lib. 100, 169. The strictest exaction in such cases, however, never demanjted more than a nulla bona to a feri facias and a ca. sa. to succeed it. The first we have in this case; and the latter could~not be had; it being
abrogated by force -of the law of Mississippi againsf imprisonmentfor debt. Thus, apart from the proved insolvency, 'ehave judicially tested the means of the defendant, and exhausted all diligence.
Another suit is prescribed to us here, and to be in Texas-and
that for the vain chase of an insolvent man! Not more than one suit .for the exercise *of diligence, wherever imposed, is' required. Any other view might multiply suits through an interminable series, andall recourse to an oricinal party, defendent on evehtual and long-deferred tests of insolvency, would prove but a shadow of a right, and a mere mockery.
The last objection needs scarcely a commer .1at the, set-off of
about $1500 should not be allowed. This set-.b is explained by Calhoun's testimony, not only substantiating the set-off, but proving that it was adVersely adjudged. If sof'it minst, as Calhoun's testinony proves it,. be regarded 'as an inevitable abatement from the note for Which the plaintiff -in error should suffer,, and not the defendants; whp contracted with Camden for the note as valid, for what it purported to pay.
'On the whole, the defendants in error insist that the record pre. sents a case in-which, after great delay, and long zind expensive liti-
gation, -bywhich they have performed every legal duty incumbent" on them by thi contract entered into in 1836, as a security to them,
from the present plaintiff in error, their original debtor, for value.
received. That now, after the lapse of more -than nine years, they are met
by objections merely technical, and with merit, which, if sustained by this honourabld court, would, indeed, make the forms of the law more potent than'its justice, and turn out of the courts, remediless, and in some cases ruined, the honest creditor,, who 'May require
their protection and.vindication.

Mr. Justice DANIEL delivered the opinioi of the court.

No question has been raised on"this record in reference to the original character of the instrument on which the action wasfounded
as a negotiable and commercial paper, nor in reference to the duties and obligations of the parties arising. purely from their positions as parties to such a paper. And for aught that the record disoloses,

every requirement of the law merchant, with respect to the note, or

VOL. II.-67

2 Y

SU.PREME COURT.
Camden v. Doremus et al.
with respect to.the rights of the endorsers thereof, appears to have been fulfilled. Presentment at maturity and within due time was made at the-Bank of Columbus, Mississippi, aiid payment there demanded; th6 failure to make payment was followed by regular pro.test, and by like notice to all the endorsers. The exceptions specifically urged'by the defdndant in the court below, andpressed in his behalf before this court, grow out of an agreement signed by the firm of the Camdens and by the defendants in error at the time that the niote of Calhoun was endorsed by the former-to the latter, and which agreement, it is contended, bound the defendants in error to undertakings and acts beyond the usual duties incumbent upon enlorsers and holders of negotiable paper, and without the fulfilwent of which -no right of recovery against the plaintiffs in error could arise. Before entering upon an examination of this agreement and of the questions which it has given rise to, it is proper to dispose of an objection by the defendant in the court below, which seems to have been- aimed at the entire testimony adduced by the plaintiffs, but whether at its competency, or relevancy, or at its regularity merely, that objection nowhere discloses. After each de-" position offered in evidence by the plaintiffs to thejury,it is stated, that to the reading of such deposition the defendant, by his counsel, objected, and.that his objection was. overruled. A-similar statemeat is made with regard to the record of the suit instituted in the court of Hinds county against Calhoun, the maker of the note, and
vffered in this cause as proof of due diligence. With regard to the manner and the import of this objection, we would remark, that they were, of a kind that should not have been tolerated in the court below pending the trial of the issue before the jury. Upon the offer of testimony oral or written, extended and complicated as it may often prove, it could not be expected, upon the mere suggestion of an exception which did 'not obviously cover the competency of the evidence, nor point'to some definite or specific defect in its character, that the court should explore the entire mass for the ascertainment of defects whidh the objector himself either would not or could not point, to their view. It would be more extraordinary still if, udder the mask of such an objection, or mere -hint at objection, a party should be permitted in an appellate court to spring upon his adversary defects which it did not appear he ever relied on; and which, ifthey hal been openly and specifically alleged, might have been easily cured. 'Tis" impossible that this court can determine, or do more than conjecture, as the objection is 6tated on this record, whether it applied to form or -substance, or how far, in the view of it presented to the court below, if any particularview was so presented-, the court may have been warranted in overruling-it. We must consider objections of this character as vague and.nugatory, and as, if entitled to -weight anywhere, certainly, as without weight before
,an appellate court.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

531

Camden v. Doremus et al.

Recurring to the agreement signed by the partiesat the time of the transfer of the note, and to the instructions given and refused at the trial, 'with respect both to that'agreement and the proceedins had-in fulfilment thereof, wewill remark, as to the'agreement itself, it is clear that it bound the endorsees to conditions beyond th6se which. are Implied in the ordinary transfer and receipt of commercial instruments. Their obligations, therefore, to these endorsers could
by no means be fulfilled by a compliance with such usual conditioi's. The language of the agreement is explicit.. The said Doremus, Suydams and'Nixon-were to send the note passed to them to
the Comraercial.Bank of Columbus, Mississippi, for collection, and in the event of its not being paid at maturity, they were to use rea-. sonable and due diligence to collect it of the drawer and two prer vious .endotsers before they were to call upon the said Camdens;
&c., &c. The obligation of the plaintiffs, as endorsees. andholders, would have been fulfilled by.regular demand, protest, and notice ; from these- a right -of action would immediately hate accrued; But the condition stipulated in the agreement is, that. before they can have any right to make demand upon their endorsers, they shall diligently endeavour to pollectbf the maker arid previous endorsers. With the view of showing a-failure in the plaintiffs in fulfilling their contract, and of deducing therefrom their own exemption from responsiBility, the. defendants first o~ered-a witness to prove a differ-
"ence in the. practice prevailing in eastern and western banks with respect to the managerbnit of paper deposited with them for collection'; and inquired of the witness whether a note presented at a' bank for payment on the last day of grace by a nota public would be considered as haring been sent to the bank for collection, within the meaning of the contract. This question, on motion of the .plaintiff's- counsel,' the court refused to allow, and rejected all testimony by the witness in relation to the practice -of banks- as to notes deposited for collection, unless the witness could testify as to the practice or usage of the .Commercial Bank of Columbus. The ruling of the court -on this point -we think was proper. The note was made payable at the Commercial Banli of Columbus; by the agreement between tl~e parties it was moreover expressly stipulated, that it- should be sent to that bank for collection ; if, then, any custom or practice other than general commiercial usage were 'to control the management ofthe note, it was -the usage ofthe Bank of Columbus,
certainly not the*particular usage of-othef banks not mentioned in 'the contract, and perhaps- never wilbiii thb contemplation of th6 parties to that contract. The next exception is taken upon an instruction asked of the court to the jury, that unless it was 'proved to
their satisfation, that the note was sent to the Bank of Columbus for
collection by the plaintiffs, they must ffid for the defendant. The court responded affirmatively to the proposition that the note should
have been .sent to the Bank of Columbus for collection, but declared

582

SUPREME COURT.

Camden v. Ddremus .et al.

its opinion that by presentment and demand of payment of thenote at maturity by the plaintiffs at the said bank, within banking hours, so as to make a legal demand on the makers, the requiremnent of the contiact in this particular would be complied with. A nice distinction might be made between the language of the agreement and that of the instruction given upon this point. The distinction, however, we should deem to be more apparent and verbal than substantial, and not to be applicable either to the intention of the parties, or to the real merits of the case. The note was payable at the Commercial Bank of Mississippi. The maker of the 'note resided in the county in which the bank was situated; the endorsers Barrett and Tarple, who were to be looked to for pyment before proceedin against the Camdens, ere also residents of the state of Mssissippi. Eofveitrsychparatyctuepro, nantdhetonohtaevme uksntobwenpwrehseunmaenddtowhhearvee ibteweans cpoagynaisbalen;t
and was bound to. 1prepare "for his respective responsibility arising ftritolmed hhis.undertahkisinpge.culOiatrheprosniotitoicne utphoann tthhaet ntootwe,hihclehhtahde nlawrigeneh-t
toor ctolaiamdm. it Iitt-wupoounld gbreougnodinlgesstoostrfoanr,g.tthheann,ttohatitpolfy'eaxnpyreossthearnrdiguhnt-,

eaqmuoivuonctatlo contraacntd. asTbheeinlgansgautiasgfieedowf tiht e athgereienmte'ernptrewtaeti1hotonsl,dthnaot tthtoe

note should be regularly presented "d payment thereof demanded at the Commercial Bank of CoIunius simply as one of the means

of collection to be

rbdefoopretedrecourse should be had to' the

.last endorsers.

But it has been contendedl, that had the note been plac~ed under

tthhee mbannkagteomthenetmoafktehre ahnadnkpriitosrelef,ndnoortsiceers,mbiegfhotrehathvee beeinaturgitiyveonf tbhye-

note, and that; thereby, proisio

en made to meet it

when due. In relily to thi.i argument, it may he said, that the agreemtoebnet istesneltf,teox:tphreesbseasnkn,oasnudchwepudroponsoetor obtjheactt, in 'srueqchui'arinngothbejecntoitse' necessarily implied in the requisition. In the next place, there is no proof that the bank would ive given notice to the maker-and ndorsers, previously to the trof thaenote; noris there any thing

in the record to show that this would have been in-accordance with

its practice and in the

in similar cases· absence of proof

Under the silence of the contract -itself, dehors the agreement, we are not at

liberty to set-up a pbresuiption, which neither the language of the

agreement nor justice to the parties imperatively calls Ibr. ,

The defrindants also excepted to-the opimin of. the court, given

oupon a prayei to istrct the jury, that the record of the Suit by the

plaintiffs, against the maker, and prior endorsers of the note, did not

show due diligence as to those parties. his instruction the court

refusedb in lieu ithereof, instructed the jury, thatche record was

proper 'evidence to show due diligence on

the othe plaintif,

JANUARY-TE!RM,- 1M.

W8G

Cazaden i,. Doremus et al.

.and that if they believed, from -the evidence submitted in addition to the record, that the endorsers Barrett .and Tbxpley had- Ieft the state of Mississippi, were insolvent, and tad left no property in the state at the time of the judgment in the said record, the plaitiffs were not bound to send executions to the counties in which those endorsers respiectively resided at the time when -suit was instituted against them: - This court-can conceive no just.foundation for this exceptionfto-thei rulingb of the Circuit Court. The condition to which the plaintiff was -ple' ed, was the practice of due, that is, proper, just, reasonable, diligence; not to the perfonnuee of acts which were obviously useless, and from which expense and injury might arise, but from which advantage certainly could not. The diligent and honest prosecution of a suit to judgment, with a return of nulla bona, has always beerk regarded as one of the extreme tests of due diligence.
This phrase, and the obligation it imports may be. satisfied, howqver- by other means. The ascertainment, upon correct nd suffibient proofs, of entire or notorious insolvency, is rec6gnised by the law as answering the deniand of due diligence, and as dispensing, . under'such circumstinees, with the more dilatory evidence of a suit; evidence which, in instances that it may be easy to imagine, might prove prejudicial alike to him who should exact, and to him who would supply it. Dulany v. Hodgkin, 5 Cranch; 333; Violet-v. Patten, Ibid. 142; Yeaton v. Bank of Altxandria, Ibid. 49. We hold, therefore, that, both as to the instruction.refus d and as to that which was given upoi this prayer, the decisiori of the Circuit Court. was correct.
We come -now to the last exception taken to the opinion of the 'Circuit Court upon he points presented to it. The defendant in that court insisted, that, by the law of Mississippi, the plaintiffs wer entitled to a recovery of the full .amount .of the note, against the maker and endorsers, subject to n6 set-off between the maker and endorsers; and that, if the. plaintifis had, by their neglect, permitted a judgment for a smaller amount, the defendant was-discharged from all accountability for-the sum thus lost The court refused'so to lay down the law, because the record from the court in Mississippi fur-
nirshed the only vidence to which the insfruction prayed for referred, and no negligence .appeared,from the record, in theprosecution ofthe suit against the defendants' thereto. This refusal of the court was clearly right, and the reason assigned for it is quite satisfactory. The question to which the instraction asked was designed to appl,
as that of duediligence. The timely and. bonafide prosecution of A dt is, perhaps, the highest evidence of due diligence. If, in the conduct 'of tha suit, the party should be impeded or wronged; by'an errQneous decision of the tribunal having cognisance of hig case, that wrong could, on'no just principle,be imputed to hiin as a fault. It certainly does not tetid to show him to have'been the less diligent
"2Y2

State of Maryland tf. Raltimo-e & Ohio Ra-ilroad Co.
in the pursuit of his claim-; and least-of all-should he be prejudiced thereby, when the rrorinsisted on.has been induced by the'person" Who seekgto avail himself of its existence.
Upon'the -hole, we consider the rulings of th Circuit Cour upon the several 'points before it, to be cdrrect;. its judgment is: therefore, affirmed.
UNITED STATES V. -A.bnzw HODGEi.
If the citation be signed by the clerk, and not by a judge of the Circuit .Court, or a justice of the SuprtmeCourt, the case will, on motion, be dismissed.
M. Chief'Justice TANEY delivered the.opinion of-the court on. a motion to dismiss this case.."
This case is brought here by a writ of 'error to the Circuit Court for the eastern district of Louisiana; and a motion has been made to dismiss it, because the citation was signed by the clerk, and not by a judge of the Circuit Court, or a justice of the. Supreme Court, as directed by the act bf Congress of-1789, ch. 20, sect. 22. * The defendant is not bound. to appear here, unless the citation is signed in the manner prescribed.bylaw; and as that has not been done in this case, the writ must be dismissed.
TiM STATE OF MARYiAND, FOR THE USE OF WASHINGTON COUNTY, PLAINrIFF IN 'ERROR, v. THE BALjnsoRE AND OHI RaLOAD CoXpAre, DEFEND-A'TS.
The state of Maryland, in 1836, passed a law ilirecting a subscription of $3,000,000 to be made to the capital stdck of the Baltimore and Ohio Rail. road Company' with the following proviso, "That if the said company shall not locate the said road in the manner provided for in this act, then, and in that case, they shall forfeit $1.000,000 to the state of Marylav4 for the use of Washington county.
In March, 1841, the state passed another act repealing so much of the prior act as made it the duty of the company to construct the road by the route therein-prescribed; remitting and releasing the penalty, and directing the discpntinuaxice of any suit brought to recover the same.
The proviso was a measure of state policy, which it had a right to change, if the policy was afterwards discovered to be erroneous, and neither the commissioners, nor the county, nor any one of its citizens acquired any separate or private mterest under it, which could be maintained in a court of' justice.

106

SUPREME COURT.

Qurtis v. Martin et al,

thority of Dorr, but at the. request of his friends, the prayer cannot be granted. In this view it is unnecessary to decide whether the
counsel has stated a case, which, with the authority of his client, entitles him to a writ of error.
The motion for a habeas cormu is overruled.

EDWARD CURTIS, PLAINTIFF IN .ERROR, V. W LLIAM MARTIN AND CHARLES A. COE, DEFENDANTS.
An act-of Congress imposing a duty upon imports must be construed to describe the article upon which the duty is imposed, according to the commercial undeistanding of the terms used in the law in our own markets at the time when the law was passed.
The duty, therefore, imposed by the act Qf 1832 upon cotton bagging, cannot properly be levied upon an article which was not known in the market as cotton bagging in 1832, although it may subsequently be called so.
TnIs case was brought up by writ of error from the Circuit Court of the United States for the southern district of New York.
It was an action brought in the court below by Martin and Coe against Curtis, the collector, for return of duties upon certain importation's of gunny cloth, from Dundee, in Scotland, from April to September, 1841.
The facts in the case are clearly stated in the following brief of Mr. JVelson, attorney-general, who argued the case on behalf of Curtis, the plaintiff in error:-
This was an action brought by the defendants in error against
Curti , as collector of the port of New York, to recover back the sum of $4543 17 of duties, levied by him on a certain article as cotton bagging, which, they contended, was gunny baggn, a nonenumerated article in the tariff of 1832, and therefore duty free; and the. question in the cause was, whether this kind of bagging was cotton bagging within the meaning of the revenue laws? The dfies were paid under written protest annexed to each entry.
By the tariff of 1832 it is enacted, that " dn cotton bagging three and a half cents a square yard, without regard to' the weight or width of the article," of duty shall be collected. This duty, modified by the Compromise Act, was chargeable when the goods were
imported. The imported article, used as bagging for the packing of cotton,
is principally manufactured in the town of Dundee, in Scotland, and, like the bagging of Kentucky, Was made of hemp, until the material of which the gunny cloth, of India is mallufactured began to be used. Bagging for cotton has also been made of cotton.
Gunny (Bengalee Gdni) is a coarse, strong sackcloth, manufac-

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

107

'Curtis v. Martin .et al.

tured in Bengal, for making into bags, sacks, and packing generally, the material being the fibre of two plants, natives of India, as.hemp orignally was. (See article ," Gunny," in McCulloch's Dictionary
of Oommerce, American edition, vol. 1, p. 722.) Gunny bagging is now manufactured in Scotland, as well as in
India; and it was admitted, on the.part of the defendants in error, that the .importations in question came from Dundee, and were made into New York between the nionths of April and September, 1841.
It was established, by the testimony on both sides, that gunny cloth was imported largely into this country, solely for bagging for the packing of cotton, sincj61835. In commercial language it has
since beenmown as cotton bagging; but in 1832, at the time of the passing of the tariff of that -yeir, it was not so known. The
counsel for the collector contended, at the trial in the court below, that if the article was, in commercial'understanding, known as cotton
hagging at the time of its importation, it was subject to'the duty, and that the term cotton laggipg signified any fabric, withouit tegard to the materials of *hich it is composed, that was used.to bale or cover cotton, and prayed the bourt so to charge the jury, which his honour reused; 'but, on the contrary, charged that the point upon which the case turned was, whether the article in question was known as cotton bagging in the year 1832, when the tariff act was passed. le further charged that it was a settled rule of construotion of revenue laws, imposing duties on articles of a specified denomination, to construe the article according to the designation of such articles as understood and known in commerce, and not with,
reference to the material of which they may be made, or the use to which they might be applied; nor ought such laws'to be construed as embraping all articles which might be pplied to the 'same use and purpose as the specific article. If it had been the intention of Congress to impose the' duty upon .all articles used for cotton bagging, the language of the act would have been different, and in terms prospective, adapted to such purpose; that it had been argued on the part of the United States that the duty was intended to be laid on all articles used for cotton bagging, because the duty ig laid on cotton bagging "without regard to weight or mleasure ;" but that the terms 11weight and measure" were intended to apply to different materials then in- use for bagging cotton, such as hemp, flax, and sometimes cotton cloth, &c., and not to any new articles that
might thereafter be apllied to that use; so that the whole question was, whether gunny cloth was, in commercial understanding, known as cotton bagging when the law was passed laying the duty, in 1832? If it was not, they Wvould find for the plaintiffs; i it was, they would find for the defendant. To which charge, in every respect, the defendant's counsel excepted.
The jury found for the plaintiffi, now defendants in error.

108

SUPREME COUR.T.

Curtis v. Martin et al.

The cause now comes up bn a writ of error to this court, and for error it is assigned--
That the judge ought to have charged the jury that the act of 1832 was prospective; and that the legislature, in using the term "cofton bagging," without di"nguishing the material of which it was made, meant that all articles which thereafter should be imported for that purpose should be subject to duty; and that gunny bagging, being known among merchants as cotton bagging at the time of the importation of the bagging in question, was subject to duty.
"Lodf,or defendants in error, said that the points in the case were the following:-,
1. That if gunny cloth was at the time of the passage of the act of July 14th, 1832,'in" commercial Understanding, knowii as cotton bagging, it was liable -to the -duty demanded under the 14th clause bf.the 2&section of the act.
2. But if not so known' at the time of the passage of sich law, then it was not liable'to the duty on.cotton baoging..
Whereupon he contended for the two following propositions, viz.: 1st. Under laws imposing.duties, articles are to be charged solely according to their cor amercial designation at the time of the passage of the law, and that whether the designation be of a class or of individual artieles. For this he cited I Story's R. 341, Bacon v. Bancroft; Ibid. 642, Lee v. Lincoln; 9 Wheat. 434, 438, United States v. '200 clests tea; 8-PWters, 272, United States v. ---- sugar; 1 Sumner, 159, United States v. Breed; 1, 'Peters, 272, Elliott v. Swartwout. 2d. The construction claimed-.here by the importers is fully admitted by the government in the act of August,30th, 1842, whereby. cotton bagging and gunny cloth are subjected, as distinct articles, to different rates of duty. Acts of 27th Congress, 2d session, p. 180,
section 3, clause 3.
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.
This case. comes before the court upon a writ of error directed to the Circuit Court for the so'atherit district of New York. The action was brought by the defendants in error against the plaintiff, who was the collector of the port of New York, to recover back .$4500, which had been paid; under protest, as duties upon certain goods imported into the port of New York, in April, 1841. The goods in question were- gunny cloths, and were charged by the collector as cotton
bahedefendants in error 6ffered evidence to show that, in 1832,

when the law pass6d imposing the duty on cotton bagging, the article in question was not used or known as cotton bagging- that it was then only seen in the form of bags for India goods; that the first im-
portationof gunny cloth, to be used as cotton bagging, was in 1834.
It is made from the yute grass. The plaintiff in error proved that these goods, at the time of the

JANUARY TERM,8145.

109

Curtis v.Martin et al.

importation, were known in commerce as cotton bagging; that they were made of the proper. width for that purpose, and, for several years before this importation, gunny cloths had been imported and used for'cotton bagging; and that the goods in question were im-
ported from Dundee, in Scotland. Upon this evidence, the counsel for the defendant contended that
if the jury foujid that the article gunny cloth was, in commercial understanding, known as cotton bagging at4he time of its importation, it was subject to a duty; and thatie term cotton bagging, according to the commercial understanding of the phrase, signified any fabric, without regard to the material of which it was made, that was used
to bale or cover cotton, and prayed the court so to charge the jury.. His honour the judge refused sb to charge the jury; but, on the
contrary thereof, charged 'that the point upon which this case turns isfor the decision of the jury, viz.: whether the article in question in this case was known as cotton bagging in the year 1832,"when the tariff act vas passed. It has long been a settled rule of construction -of revenue lawsi imposing duties on articles of a specifieI denomination, to'cbnstrue the article according-to the dlesignation
of such article, as understood and known in commerce, and not with reference to the -materials of which ihey may be made, or the use to which they might be applied. Nor ought such laws to be construed as embracing all aricles which might subsequently be' applied to-the same use and purpose as the specific article. - If it had bedn the intention- of Congress .to impose the duty upon all articles used for bagging cotton, the language 'of the act would have been different; and in terms prbspective, adaptedcto such purpose. Itbhas been rgued, on the partof the United States, that the duty was intended to be. laid on all'articles uied for baggingicton, be-. cause~ the duty is laid on cotton bagging "without regard to veight
or measure." These terrns, "weight or measure," were intended to apply to different materials then in uise for baggin cotton, such as hemp, flax, and sometimes cotton cloth, &c., and not to any new articles that might theieafter be applied to that'use. .S.o that the whole question of fact for-the jury is whether gunny cloth was,in commercial undersAafiding; known as cotton bagging when the law was passed laing the duty, in 1832? If it was not, they will find for the plainti; if it was, they will find for Ihe defendant.
To this charge, in every respect, the'defendant's. counsel excepted
,The jury., found a verdict foithe plaintiff for $4543 17, and six cents costs.
The question brought up by this exception cannot now be con-
sidered as an open one. In the cise of the United States v. 200 chests o'tfea, 9 Wheat. 438, fhe *courtdecided that in imposing duties Congress must be understood as describing the article upon
which the duty is imposed according tQ the commercial understand-
izg of the terms used in the law, in our own markets. This doctijue

110

SUPREME. C.O URT.

Swartwotkt v. Gihon et aL.

was re-afhmed in the case of the UnitedStates v. 112 casks of sugar, 8 Peters, 277, and again in 10 Peters, 151, in the case of Elliott v. Swartwout. It follows that the duty upon cotton baggifig must be considered as imposed upon those articles only which were known and understood as such in commerce in the year 1832, when the law was passed'imposing the duty.
In the case before us, the Circuit Court followed the rule of construction above stated, afid it has been followed'also in every circuit where the question has arisen. The judgment is therefore affirmed.

SAMUEL SWARTWOuT, PLAiNTrIF IN EnROR, V. JoHN GxNON ET. AL.
When an importer.means tQ contest the payment of duties, it is not necessary. for him to give a v*ritten notice thereof to the collector.
The question of notice is a fact for the jury, and it makes no difference, for the purposes for which it is required, whether it is written or verbal.
:THufacts in this case are sufficiently set forth,in the following opinion.
Mr. Chief Justice *TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.
This case comes before the'court upon a writ of error directed to the Circuit Court for the southern district of New York. The action was brought by the defendants in error against the plaintiff to recover back certain sums of money paid to him as duties on brown linens, imported into New York in 1836, 'of which port he was 'at that time the collector. Some of these duties were paid under protest in writing, and some without any written protest or,notice, but evidence was offered for the purpose ofcshowing thatthe defendants in error verbally notified the cbltector that the duties charged on all of these goods would be contested. The goods in question, *ere unbleached linens, and had been charged with duty as.coloured; and the jury found a verdict against the colU&tor for the amount claimed.
At the trial' the court instructed the jury that a written notice 6f the objections .to pay the. duties was not necessary, and that it was *sufficient if a verbal notice was brought home to the collector; but that the jury.must be satisfied that such notice was brought home to him. To ,this direction the plaintiff in error ,excepted; and it is upon this p6int only that the dase comes before this couit.
The only object of the notice was to yarn the collector thaf the party meant to hold him personally ibsponsible for the -money, whether he paid it over or not. It was. a question for the jury to 'decide whether notice'was oi was not given;, and it could make no 'difference, for the purposes for which it 7was equired, whether it was Written or verbal. We think the charge of the court was clearly right, and the judgment is therefore affirmed.

JANUAItY TERM, 1845.

133

Gordon v. Appeal Tax Co-urt

The foregoing answers apply also to the points upon whinih. the judges were divided in opinion upon the bill in.chancery, betwdeii the United States and thq defendant Gear, except the fourth question,'
certified in that case; and to that'we reply;- that digginfg lead ore from the lead mines upon the public lands in the United States, is
such a Waste as entitles the United .States to a writ of'injunctionto
restrain it.
[Forthe dissenting opinion of Mr. Justice McLn.tr, see App. p. 78 9 .]

SAMUEL GoRDoN, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. THE AprlA TAx COURT.
JAKsS CHEsTON, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. TaE A.&PAL TAx COURT..
The charter of a bank is a'francliise, which Is not taxable, as such, if a price has been paid for it, which the legislature accepted. -
But the corporate property of the banlk is separable from te franchise,ad may be thxed, unless there is a special agreement to the contrary.
The legislature of Maryland, in 1821, continued the charters of several banki to 1845, upon condition,-that they would.make a road and pay aschool ta This would have exempted- their franchise, but not their property, from taxation.
But another clause in-the law- provided, that upon any of the' aforesaid banks accepting of and complying with the terms and conditions of the hct,.the faith
- of the state was pleaged not to impose'any-further tax or burden upon them during the continuance of their charters under the act
This was a contract relating to something beyond the franchise, and exempted. the stoekholders from a tax levied upon them as individuals, according to the amount of their stock.
TnEsE were kindred cases brought up by writ of error from the Court of Appeals of die state ofMaryland, under the 25th sectioi of
the Judiciary Act of 1789. The first case depended upon the constitutionality of a tax imposed
by the legislature of Maryland in 1841, it l&ing alleged to be i&
violation of a contract made by the legislature in 1821; and the second depended upon the same circumstance5 with.the addition-that
.the plaitiff in error was-entitled to the benefit of the same contract,
by virtue of an act of the General Assembly, passed in 1834. The facts in the case were thes: At November session, .1804, the legislature of Maryland incorpo-
rated the Union Bank of Maryland. Samuel Gordon, the plaintiff
in error in the first casd, was, at the institittipn of .the suit.below,'.a
stockholder in this bank. No bonns was required to be. paid to the state, but five "housand shareswer6 reserved for the use and benefit "
of the state of Maryland, to.be subscribed for by the*state, when -de-
sired by the legislature thereof. The chartr was to last until 1816.
At the session of -1812.the tegilatu~eawed .lact, entitled "An
act to incorporate a company t6 make a turnpiMe road' leading to Cumberland, and for the extension of the charters of the several
M

134

SUPREME COURT.

Gordon v. Appeal Tax Cour.

banks in this state, and for other purposes." It proposed io extend the charters of the banks to 1835, upon condition, that they would subscribe for as much stock as would raise a fqnd necessary and suf-
ficient to finish and complete the road, and upon the further condi-
tion, should bind themselves to pay into the Treasury the sum of $20,000 for each and every year that the charters should continue)
the fund being pledged for. the support of comhion schools. The.12th section was as follows: , "That upon any of the banks in this state' complying with the
conditions of this act, the faith of the state is hereby wedged not to
impose any further tax or bonus on the said banks dring the continuafion of their charters under this act."
This act was not accepted by any of the banks. At the session of 1813, the legislature passed another act, which
was entitled a supplement to the aforegoing. The 1st section incorporated a company to inake. the road. The second was as follows: "And for the purpose of raising a fund to make and complete said road: Be it enacted, That the charters of the several banks, &c., shall be,and they are hereby continued and extended to the 1st day
of January, 1835, and to the end of the session of the General Assembly next thereafter, upon condition of the said everal banks subscribing, in proportion to their respective- capitals actually paid in at the time of such subscriptions, for as .muchstock as is necessary
and sufficient to finish and complete said road," &c., &c. The 7th section enacted, that every bank should pay annually in-
to the Treasury the sum of twenty cents on every hundred dollars' of the c.apital stock actually paid in; and if this were neglected for six months after it was due, the bank"so neglecting should forfeit its
'chaTrtheer. 8th section continued the charters of such banks as complied
with the act until 1835. The 11th-section ran thus: "That upon any of the aforesaid banks
accepting of and- cbmplying with the terms and conditions of this act, the fhith of the state is hereby pledged not to impose any further tax or burden upon them during the continuance of -their charters under. this -act; and in case of the acceptance of and compliance
with the provisions-of this act by the several banks hereby reqhired' to make the aforementioned road, the faith of the state is further solemnly pledged, to the several existing banks in the city of Baltimore, not to grant a charter of incorporation to any other banking institution to'be established in the city or precincts of Baltimore be.fore the 1st day of January, 1835."
At the session of 1815, an act was passed, 11 declaring the continuation and extension ,of the charters of the several bals therein mentioned2' It recited' that several banks, and amongst them the Union Bank, had accepted the act of 1813, and then declared, that their charters were extended to 1835.,

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

135

Gordon v. Appeal Tax Court.

At the session of 182l,-another act was passed,'entitled "An act to incorporate a company to make a turnpike road from Boonsborougli to Hagerstown, and for the extension of the charters of the several banks in the city of Baltimore, and for other purposes." The preamble was as follows: "1Whereas it isto the interest of the state that a turnpike road should be made, leading fiom Boonsborough to Haaerstown, in Washington county, and it is represented to the legislature, that the banks hereinafter mentioned ae willing to make, the same, if an extension of their severalcharters be granted to them, as they were heretofore extended by an act entitled a supplement to the act entitled, an act to incorporate a company to make a turnpike road, leading to Cumberland, and for the extension of the chalters of the several banks in the city of Baltimore, aad for other purposes, passed at December session, 1813: Therefore, Be it enacted," &c..
The 1st section incorporated a company to make the road. The 2d section was as follows: "And for the purpose of raising a fund to make and complete said road, Be it enacted, That, the charters of the several banks aforesaid shall be, and they are hereby, continued and extended to the 1st day of January,' 1845, upon condition of the said several banks subscribing, in proportion to their respective capitals actually paid in at the time of such subscriptions, for as much stock as is necessary and sufficient to finish and complete said road," &c. The 6th section was as follows: "1That if the said company shall not commence the making of the said turnpike road within two years from the passage of this act, and shall not complete the same in four years thereafter, the right of the said company to the said road shall revert to the state of Maryland, aid the charters of the said banks are hereby declared not to be continued or extended by virtue of this act." The 7th section enacted, that the banks should annually pay to the treasurer the sum of twenty cents on every hundred dollars of
the capital stock of each bank actually .paid in; and in case of neglect, the bank was to forfeit its charter.
The 8th section renewed and continued the charters of the com-
plying banks until 1845 and the session of the General Assembly next thereafter.
The 11th section -was as follows: "That upon any of the aforesaid banks accepting of and complying with the terms and condi-" tions of this act, the faith of the state is hereby pledged not to im-
pose any further tax or burden upon them during the continuance of their charters under this act; and in case of 'the acceptance of and compliance with the provisions of this act by the several banks hereby required to make the aforementioned road, the faith of the state is further pledged, to the aforesaid banks in the city of Baltimore, not to grant a charter of incorporation to any other banking institution to be established in the city or precincts of Baltimore before the 1st day of January, 1845."

136

SUPREME COURT.

Gordo.n v. Appeal Tax" Court.

The 12h section was as follows: "That the'said banks, specified
in the 7th section of this act,. should they elect so to do, 'shall be, and they are'hereby, exempt from the payment of the arinual tax hereby imposed, upori condition of their paying to the treasurer of the Western Shore of Maryland, on or before the 1st day of January, 1-823,-the sum of $100,000, to be appropriated in the manner here-in before provided for."
The Union Bank, as was admitted in the court below, duly accepted and complied with the terms and conditions of this-ct of 1821.
At the session of the legislature of December, 1834, an act was passed (chap. 274) to "extend the -charters of several banks in the
city of Baltimore," by which, amongst other enactments, the chartern of the Union Bank was extended to the end of the year 1859, It introduced some new provisions into the charter, required the payment of the school tax and a proportionate share of $75,000; but contained no stipulation like that ofthe 11th section ofthe act of 1821.
At the session of December, 1835, the Farmers' and Planters' Bank was incorporated. It was required to pay a bonus and schoor tax, but the charter contained no exemption from taxation.
At the same session, viz., December, 1835, an act (chap. 142) was passed, reciting that whereas, by the 11th section of the act of
1821, the faith of the *statewas pledged not to impose any further tax dr burden upon certain banks, and it was equitable that other banks should stand on equal footing, and enacting that the faith of the state Was pledged not to impose any further or other tax on banks incorporated since the year .1821- than might be ,imposed on the banks which had complied with the terms of that act.
The 3d section was as follows: "And b6 it enacted, That in the
said act of 1821, it was not, nor is it now, the -intention of the Gene-
ral Asseuiibly of Maryland, to exempt from taxation and equitable contribution-to the common burdens for state purposes, the property, stock, or dividends, severally held in or derived from any bank n this state, by any person or persons whatever;. but that the trae in-
tent and-meaning of the pledge given by the -said act of Assembly was, to' limit the taxation upon the franchisis only of the banks there-
in mentioned." InApril, 1841, an act w'as passed "for the gtneral valuation and
assessment of property in this state, and to provide a tAx.to pay the debts of the state." It directed, -amongst other things, that "all - stocks or ihares owned. by residents of this state in any bank, institution, or company incorporated in. any o her state or territory: all
stocks. or shares in any bank, institution, or company incorporated by this state," &c., should be.assessed, and a tax imposed upon this and all-other species of property, of twenty cents, or one-fifth of one
per cent. on every hundred dollars of isses~able property. It also provided for an Appeal Tax Court, whose decisions should be car-
ried to thd Court of Appeals.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

187

Gordon v. Appeal Tax Court.

In the trial of the bause in the Court of Appeals, the following agreement was filed:-
"It is agreed, that the appellant banks, to wit, the Union Bank of Maryland, the Bank of Baltimore, the Mechanics' Bank of Baltimore, the Commercial and Farmers' Bank of Baltimore, the. Marine . Bank of Baltimore, and the Farmers' and Merchants' Bank.of Baltimore, commonly called the old banks, were chartered jprevious to the year 1821; and that the new banks, t6 wit, the Merchants' Bank
of Baltimore, the Farmers' and Planters' Bank of Baltimore, the Citizens' Bank of Baltimore, and the Western Bank of Baltimore, were chartered since the year 1830; the respective periods of the incorporation of all the aforegoing banks appearing by reference to their charters.
"It is admitted, thct the old banks have duly accepted and complied with the terms and conditions of the act of .1821, chap. 131, the manner of which acceptance appears by the paper marked A, herewith filed; and have also accepted and complied with the provisions of the act of 1834, chap. 274: and it is also admitted, that taxes have always, since the incorporation of said banks, been levied and assessed upon their real and personal property in all the cites and counties of this state, in the same manner as upon-property of the same kind belonging to individuals, and that said taxes have always been .paid by said banks up to this time. And it is further admitted, that said banks did not, at the time of the enactment of the act of 1841, chap. 23, nor have they at, any time since, paid or redeemed their notes or other obligations in specie." I
The Court of Appeals decided, that the tax imposed by the act
of 1841 was not a violation of the contract between the state and the banks, which was effected under the act of 1821, and to review this opinion the writ of error was brought.

Meredith and Dulan1, for the plaintiffs in error. V'elson, attorney-general, and Seele, for the defendants.

In the case of Samuel Gordon, the -counsel for the plaintiff in er-

ror contended,

I

1. That the Union Bank of Maryland having accepted of and

coiaplied with the terms and conditions of the act of 1821, chap.

131, a contract -was created by the 11th section thereof, on the part

of the state, "not to impose an further tax or burden upon said

bank during" the continuance of its charter under the 8th section of

said act; and that this exemption from taxation extended to all the

prbperty of said bank, real and personal.

2. That the 1st and 45th sections of the act of 1841, rhap. 23, im-

posed upon the said bank "a further tax and burden," in violation

of the said contract, and was therefore void as against the provisions

of the Constitution of the United States. And in the case of James Cheston, plaintiff in error, v. the Appeal

VOL. I1.-18

M 2

138

SUPREME COURT.

Gordon v. Appeal Tam Court.

Tax Court, who was a stockholder in the Farmers' and Planters'
Bank of Baltimore, one of the new banks chartered since 1830, the
counsel for said Cheston contended, That if the aforesaid assessment law of 1841, so far as it imposes
a further tax upon the stockholders of the old banks, should be declared void for its repugnance to the Constitution of the United States, then, that it is equally void, so far as it imposes an additional tax upon James Cheston, a stockholder of one of the new banks, as
it thereby deprives the new banks of the immunity from further taxation granted to them -bythe 1st section of the act of 1835, chap. 142, which immunity is itself a franchise, granted for a valuable consideration. and cannot, therefore, be taken away.

Dulany, for the plaintiffs in error, said, that he would not stop to
cite authorities to show, that the law was void, if it impaired the ob,ligation of a contract, but would refer to two cases which were ana-
logous to the present: 7 Cranch, 154; 4 Peters, 561. He then entered into a detailed examination of the charter of the
Union Bank with-its several supplements, and asked the court to compare the 11th section of the act of 1821 with the act of 1841, and he thought it would be found, that the latter took away what the former gave. It was admitted, that there was an exemption of some kind in the act of 1821, and the only question in the case was, what
kind of exemption was it?
In Dwarris on Statutes, 51, 9 Law Library, it was said, that every word of a statute must have its effect; that it was better to observe
what the legisliture said than what they are supposed to have meant. Apply this to the paragraph, coupled with the doctrine that in Maryland property is not taxed, but persons are. 1 Maxcy's Laws, 12,
Declara.ion of Rights, article 13, shows this. The exemption was then a pledge given to a person, viz., the bank. Why should it be limited, as contended for by the opposite side, to an exoneration of
the franchise merely from taxation? The construction ought to be in favour of the banks, because it was the intention of the legislature to invite them to accept the law. If you narrow it down now, it is
not the spirit in which the offer was made. It is easy to see what
that spirit was. The two objects of promoting internal improvement
and fostering public schools were great public objects, and it was very desirable to encourage them without resorting to direct taxation. The banks were the invited party, and the act was to be laid bWiore
the stockholders for approval or rejection. Of course, the terms would be closely looked at. The proposition was, that no "further" tax should be imposed. The word "further" refers to the preced-
ing section, in which the tax for the road and schools is provided. It is true, that the act of 1841 imposed a tax upon the property; but the tax for road and schools fell upon the very same property, and, as it happened, was of just the same amount. A further tax of the

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

139

Gordon v. Appeal Tax Cotrt.

same character was meant. The object to which the money is to be applied makes no difference in the character of the tax. The clause is clear in itself, and we are not to look to the preamble, as a guide to intention, unless there is some ambiguity. Dwarris on Stat. 19. Ahd if we look to the preamble, it will not enlighten us, because it only refers to the road, without saying any thing about schools. If the exemption related only to the franchise, it was worth nothing, because whether the tax should be laid on the franchise or the property of the bank, the same people would pay it in either case. The legislature could have derived the same amount by taxing froperty as if they taxed the franchise; and to hold, that they were at liberty
to do so, of course, renders the. exemption of the franchise worthless. There are two decisions upon similar words: 2 Harrison, 78, 79,, 80; 7 Dana, 342.
True, the banks have heretofore paid taxes upon their real property, but the amount was trifling, and the stock was not taxed as' now. Besides, their cbnsent does not furnish a rule by which we
are to construe the law. It is said, on the other side, that the contract of exemption was
made with the 15ank and not the stockholders; and by the act of 1841 only the latter aie taxed. But what is a corporation? Onl r the union of certain persons, with power to sue, &c. 4 Peters, 552; Angell & Ames on Corp. 1, 3, 5.
The name is only the legislative baptism of the stockholders.
Natural persons are the substratum of the corporation; they receive all its benefits. They pay the taxes, and yet we are told, that a contract for the benefit of the corporation does not reach them. They
were the persons who accepted the law in a general meeting, and not the bank, actifig. as a corporation. What is the difference between taxing them in the gross and taxing them individually?.
As to the case of Cheston. He is a stockholder of the Farmers' and Planters' Bank, one of what are called the new banks, chartered in 1836. The act of March, 1836, chap. 142, puts these on
the same footing with the old banks. The 3d section, it is true, says that the exemption relates only to franchises; but the legislature had no right to deprive, by law, the banks of a benefit which
they had already acquired under a contract. And the words "without 4 iolation," &c., show that the legislature did not intend to take
away any such benefit. The tax of 1841 clashes with the exemption. It is laid on every
thing which constitutes the property of the bank, because in a schedule every thing, even the franchise, goes to make up the aggregate value of the stock, and the tax is laid on the cash value of the stock. By the 17th section, the asgessors are directed to value it at the market price. But the market price is governed by the value of
all the differint species of property held by the bank, including even the franchise, because a purchaser looks at all these, when about to

140

SUPREME, GOURT.

Gordon. v. Appeal Tax Court.

invest. It is impossible to separate that portion of the tax which falls upon the franchise, and as the legislature has covered the whole, the entire tas"must fall.

Steete, for the defendants in error, contended,
1. That the contract between the State of Maryland and' the 'Union Bank.of Maryland, created by the act of. 1821[, chap. 1315 and continued by.the act of 1834, chap. 214, exempted fiom-taxa-
tion,. not the property-of said bank, ifor the shares of its stock in the hands of individual stockholders, but its .corporate franchises, and their exercise dtiring the continuance of its charter. * .
2. That the taximposed by the act of 1841, chap.. 23, bbing a tax uponhe shares of stock owaed by individual stockholders, was
not a violation of the cpntract between the state and the bank, and was, therefore, not unconstitutional.
In the case of James Cheston, a tax was imposed, and assessed under the ame act of 1841, chap.. 23, on the shares of stockbwned by the plaintiff in -error in the Farmers' and Planters' Bank of Balti-
more-a baik chartered since 1830,and not iicluded in the provisions of the act of 1821, chap. 131, and the act'of 1834, chap. 274.
In this case, the cou isel for the defendant in error contended, That the plaintiff in error was entitled to no immunity from taxa-
tion upoh his shares of stock in said Farnners' and Plahters' Bank of Baltimore, either under the acts of Assembly, herein before mentioned, or under the act of 1835, chap. 142.-"
Mr. teele said, the Appeal Tax Court is -the nominal defendant
only the real one is the state ofMaryland. The act of 1841, chap. 33, is a general tax upon -all property; not on banks alone, but every species.of property: The Court of Appealsdecided that it did not conflict with the act of 1821. Is it not a rule that this court will adopt a state's construction of its own.laws?
In this case it is not correct to construe the contract favourably to the banks. On the.contrary, the rule is to construe strictlyanyprovision which imposes a limit upon the taxing power. 4 Peters, 503, Prov. Bank v. Billings. I1 Peters, 546-5485 carries the rile still
further., Such a rule is nece8sary to protect the community from improvi-
dent legislation. Another rule is, that where there are two constructions, that one is adopted which will producethe' least injury. It has been said that our construction, exempting franchises only, ren-
ders the whole nugatory, because the franchises would .have been safe from taxation without such exemption. But not so. Being the
creatures of law, they are peculiarly appropriate for the tdxing power. 4 Wheat. 699; 12 Mass. 252; 4 Peters, 526.
A charter makes a bank a person to carry on a business; but it
must be carried on in the same way that other persons do. Suppose a pre-existing law had taxed banks, would a subsequent charter have

JANUAftY TERM, "1845.

141

Gordon v. Appeal Tax Court

been exempt? "No-because the laws would not conflict with each

other. Nor do they conflict when the charter is passed first.-

It has been said that the exemption is clear. But the section it-

self refers to the preced ing part of the law, and the legislature, twice,

-in 1835 and 1841; put the same con.truction on it that we do. The

7ti section and all preceding ones provide for an extension of char-

ters. It was right to exempt the franchises, because the legislature

was dealing with that subject; but why shouldthey go beyond that,

and-exempt private property to an extent that they were-not aware of?

The stat6 was not in want of jnoney., nor was there a motive in the

banks to purchase such an exemption as that contended for. No one

then anticipated'what ha since come to pass; Taxes were ight,

and always paid., The act of 1813 contains the same- clause, when

there did not exist any system of taxation. Up to 1841, th" state

had naver taxed bank stock or chdses in action, and the taxes upon

real or other property-did not amount to the fourth pait of 20 cents.

A proposition,-therefore, to exempt stock which-had nei.er been taxed

at all, upon the payment of four times the amoimt which other pro-

perty paid, would have been considered'i strange one. The tax of

20 cents must have been imposed upon the franchise. The com-

pensation'for extending the charters -was thdt the banks would make

the road, and for future exemptidn of -the frandhise -was that they

sould pay 20 cents towtards theschoolfiiid. The word "further"

means aiother tax like that one; and if the tax imposed was upon.

the franchise, a further one upon the same thing was all-that was in:-

tended to -beprohibited.

-

Look at the cotemporaneous expositio" of the law by both parties.

Counhty and city taxes were paid by the banks; and not. only so, but

a small state tax, levied in 1822 upon: refi. property, was paid by

them also, Other banks were incorporated in 1833, 1834, and 1835,

which pay the 20 cents; without any thing being granted excepfthe

charter.* The act of 1835. gi:Ves the new. banks an'exemption ipon "

the franchise, and nothing MQre. In the "case in .2 Harrison, the

words were "further or other tax." Eiemptioris have, been strictly

construed. 11 Johns. 77; 8 Term R. 46. .The penalty for not

paying the'.20 cents, shows upon what the tax was imposed, for

it provides tfiat the charter shall cease if the tax is not paid. It was

:therefore a bonus for the charter.

-

But suppose that the contrabt was made as contended for by the

other side. By their own showing, it was made *ith.thebank as a

person, and the inividual stockliolddrs cannot.avail themselves of it.

If the corporation were to- purch se a house, onie of. the 'members

could not claim an-interest in the purichase. They have an interest -

-which is distinct from that of he.'corporation, because'they may-sue

it, or sue each other. If the contract hre be not'to.taY the bank, it

is not equivalent to an agreembnt not to tax the stockhcdlders. The

difference is shown by. suppos-hig the tax to be laid before the bank

142

SUPREME COURT.

Gordon v. Appeal Tax Court.

commenced operations, and laid afterwards. In the first case, it Would diminish the capital of the bank, but in the latter it would not If the individual stockholders cai claim the benefit of the exemption, they must also be liable lo the state for the payment of the tax which is the price of the exemption. But if Samuel Gordon were sued for the 20 cents stipulated in the act, no one can suppose that he would
be bound to pay it. The difference between taxing banks and stockholders is shown in 1 Nott & McCord, 527; 4 Wheat. 436; 2 Peters, 459; 2 Bayly, 654, 672, 683.
Who pays the tax of 1841 ? If the bank does not, there is no violation of the contract with the bank, and the bank dbes not,
in fact, pay it. As to Cheston's case and the new banks, it has been said that
.they are on the same footing as the old. The best reply to this is to read the law. The legislature expressly say, that they intend tb exempt only the franchises.

N)elson, attorney-general, on same side.
There are two propositions to be examined: 1. The nature of the contract of 1821. 2. Whether the act of 1821 was in force at all in 1841. 1. We admit there was a contract in 1821, and that it is , otected by this court. But what is its nature and extent? 'he original charter, of the Union Bank contained no exempfion, and, therefore, according to the doctrine in the Providenqe Bank v.Billings, the state could tax it. The charter was passed in 1804, and contained no clause imposing a school-tax. But this might have -been'imposed at any time after the charter, without asking the consent of the bank. The only point upon which the assent of the bank was required, in any subsequent legislation, was that its charter should be continued. It was to expire in 1816. In 1812 an act was passed proposing to extend the charter on certain conditions, but these were not accepted. In: 1813 another act was passed extending the charter to 1st January, 1835, which was
accepted. (Mr. V'elson here went into a detailed examination of the several
acts.) All the acts show that the legislature had in view the making
of the road, and the banks the extension of their charters. The pledge not to incorporate any other banks shows that it was only the franchise which was intended to be protected. The contract was made with the banks as such. They -were the contracting party in their corporate capacity. 'What does the act of 1841 do? It imposes no tax on the capital stock of any bank, but on individual interests. No bank is plaintiff in error here, complaining of a violated contract. The 9th section of the act directs ihe mode. of making the assessment, which was upon the stock in the bands of individuals at its cash value. But this is not the same with its

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

143

Gordon v.-Appeal Tax Court.

nominal value, which would hive been the, guide if the bank had been taxed. As laid,'it is nothing more than an income tax, and cannot a legislature lay that wvithout regard to the source from which revenue comes? The distinction between a tax upon a bank, as such, and a tax upon its property, is clearly recognised in the case of McCulloch v State of Maryland, where the court say that one may be taxced but not the.other. The identity.between a b*ank and its-sockholders is shown not to exst, when we consider that the bank, as a corporation, could not become one of its own stockholders. Application had to be made to the legislature for permission for-the bank to purchase its'own stock. It is true, as'said on the other side, that the act of 1821 wqs accepted by'the stock-. holders in .eneral meeting, but .this was a corporate act, and not one proceeding from individual interests. If it had been the latter,
whence would the majority have derived the right to bind the' minority.
2. The act of 1834;.chap. 274, was accepted by the Union Bank, and by virtue of it the charter was extended to 1859. The acceptance of this new law is a merger of the -old, and in the new there is no limitation of the jpo~wer to tax.

MTeredith, for plaintiffi in error, in reply and conclusion.
Let us.inquire, 1. What was the nature and character of the conttact? 2. Has it been impaired? Mr. Meredith reviewed the charter of the'Union Bank and its supplements, and said, that in 1821, some years before the. charter was to expire, the legislature was desirous of making a xoad. It was a'fact of universal notoriety that turnpike roads were not profitable. Individuals could not be persuaded to subscribe and inake this one. ,The cost to. the Union Bank was $161,000, nearly ten.. per cent. upon a capital of $1,800,000. It is conceded that for, this the state has relinquished a portion of. the. power of taxation; but then it is said to be only a partial exemption. We agree that to make out a total exemption, the language must be so strong as to leave no reasonable, doubt; and we say it is so. What are the words? "Not to impose any further -fax or burden on .the,banks." There aretwo important words: "any" and "f i rther." What 'is the meaning of "anr? P' In its popular acceptation it would ,include all kinds of taxes in whatever form they might be.laid. According to lexicographers, the word is 'of unusual and' indefinite signification. "Any" tax nvust mean "every tax,"'of every nature or description whatsoever.' Then there is the word 1further,) which refers to somethingwhich has been done before and additional. The other side wish to limit the meaning to an addition of" the same nature; liut no 'dictionary or example can be found to
justify this restriction.

.144

SUPREME COURT.

Gordon v.·App.eal Tar Court.

(Mr. Meedith here read frqom. Richardson's Dictionary, title
,IVrth.) The two words together are as comprehehsive as language could be used. They are quite as strong as those used in 2 Harrison. Inthe act 6f 1835, when the legislature interided to put the 'new banks upon a footing with the old, they say "further
-o-other" in tke gd section. In a preceding section, the wore-, are the same as those in,1821, which shows that they were supposed to b6aequivalent. The case-cited from 11 Johnson was not that of'a tax; it was afi assessihent for. opening. a' street; and the case in 8.T. R. was decided on two grounds: 1. That'the property didnot belong to the occupier, and 2. That the statute -hadbeen repealed. Neither case is in point. In South Carolina, s~ven out of eight
"banksare exempted"under r clause exempting.banks-from taxation. The case in Nott & McCord decided that words of exemption* did
o6etxtend ,tothe franchise only, but all taxation. If the words -of a statute are plain and definite, it is dangerous to depart,'&c. Dwarris on Stat. 3 Law Lib. 48. If the construction of the other side" be given to the' act of 1821, the, 11th section is of no use; because without it the franchise
- woild have beeh safe from taxation. In the cases of 12 Mass. and 4 Peters, the right was maintained, it istrue, to -impose a tax on .existing banks, but in "neither case was there a relinquishment of the taking poWer,:expres or implied, except'from the mere granting of the chartdr. "We.maycdncede the authority of b6th. But here the banks'paid "ahigh. plice for their renewed charters, and the legislature could not havd taxed*the franchise any farther. If so,
the operat-on of the 11th section must be extended beyond the franchise.
(Mr. Meredith then entered- into a critical examination of the acts .of 1812 and 1$10, and argued that the first 'act was not accepted,'
because it.did nbt go .as far in.protecting the banks as that of 1813; and that the latter would have been rejected.if it had not been sup-posed to exempt them entirely from taxation.)

Mr. Justice. 'WAYNE delivered the opinion of the court.
·The question isaied in'this case by the agreed statement of facts up~on the record, is, Does the act of Maryland of 1841, chap. 23, so far ds itdimposes-a tax- upon the shares of stock held.by sockholders in the- Union Bank of Maryland and the other banks mentioned in the statement, impair the obligation of a contract?
The banks are classified in that statement as.the old and the new banks. The old are those which ''were chartered previous to the year 1821 ; the new, those vkhich were charteredafter the year 1830.
Their exemption from the tax. imposed by'the act of 1841 is claimed under the acts of Mayland of 1821, chap. 131, and that of the.19th March. '1835 chap.. 274.called the act of the session 'of
18s4:

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

145

Gordon v. Appeal Tax Court.

It is admitted that the old banks accepted and have coniplied with

the terms and conditions of the act of1821 ; that'they also accepted

*andhave complied with the provisions of the act of 1834; and that

taxes have always, since the indbrporation of the banks, been aksessed

and leved upon their real and personal property in "allthe cities and

counties of the state, in the same manner as upon property. of,the

same kind belonging to individuals, and that they have always been

paid by the banks up to this time.

The question, however, which this court is called upon to decide,

and'to which our decigion will be donfined, is, Are the'shareholders

in the old and the new banks liable to be taxed, under the act of

1841, on account of the stock which they own in the banksF

The statement given-by the reporter of-the acts of the legislature of

Maryland, by which the -charters of the hanks-have been eitended

at different times, makes -it-unnecessary to refer to them in detail

here.

Are the old banks in Baltimore and their stockholders exempted

from further- taxation diffing the continuance of their charters under

the act of 1821, chap.. 131, by force-of the.11th section of that act?

Cozi the bld banks, after the year 1845, the time to which their char-

ters were e.ttefided by*te aci of 1821,- and the new banks, claim

any exemption from taxation under the act of 1834, chap. 274; un-

less:it lie a.'tax upon their franchise of banking?

It appears, frown-the actg of 1812, 1813, and-1821, t .thelegis-

latures'whih -passedth.em had.-inview the construction of the Cum-

berland an-d Bdosborough tdrnpike roads, ind -the establishment of

a school* fund. That they designed to accoiplish those objects by

malig some .ofihe banks cQnstruct the roads, and all of them con-

tributors to he'sch6al fiAd, as the price for their charters. A round

sum, oran annual charge, with -orwithout referenie to capital stock,

may be asked b a legislature folr such a'ftanchise. "Itmay be'more

conenient to the banks to have such a consideration or bonus dis-

tributed through, the years *oftheir. corporate 'existence, than to- pay

*its equivalent in advance. .Thisoption. was given to'the old banks.

Being so giv~n, if'is cbnclusive that the lkgisature intended the an-

nual tax or charge upofi the capital dtocks-of the banks to be the

bonus or price,. or. part of, the price as to some of them, that they

were, to pay "or the .prolongation of their- franchise ot banking.

When the banks accepted'the acts, by choosing to pay the annual

charge in'stead bf the stipulated zaternative, it is plain that they

thought so too, and that -they understood in-that way the contract

between themselves and the state. Either was a condition, to be:

accepted and complied with befoxe the charters were to be extinded,

Such a contract isa limitation upon the taxing power of the legisla-

ture making it, and upon succeeding legislatures, to impose any

further' tax upon the franchise.. But why, when bought, as it be-

comes property, may it not be taxed, as land is taxed which has

VOL. H.-19

N

146:

SUPREME COURT.

Gordon v. Appeal Tax Court.

been bought from the state, was repeatedly asked in the course of the argument? The reasoni is, that every one buys land, subjept in
his own apprehension to the great law of necessity, that we must
contribute fro it and all of our property, something to maintain the state. But a franchise for banking, 'when -bought, the price is paid
for'the use of the privilege whilst-it last§, and any tax upon it woitld substantially be an addition .to the price. But whether the bonus for the franchise is paid by an annual tax upon the capital, stock, or in any other way, it is in the discretion of the .egislature to tax the cipital stock as an aggregate, according to its actual value, or the stockholders on acc6unt of. their separate ow'nership of it, or the dividends in the aggregate, or the stockholders on account of their
portiols. of them. The limitation and the power to tax, as both have been 'just expressed, wat subftantially conceded by'.counsel on:both sides of this.cause. We did-not uuderstand the counsel for the appellants as c6ntending, that the sfiareholders in, the old banks'
*ere exempted"from the tax imposed upon thein' on' cco.unt of their st6ck; except by the force of the'llth sectiQ-i of the act of 1821. Their argument was; though the'franchise"might be taxej -separate from the stock of a.baik, whether the annual, tiax paid..by the banks upon theirgapital st6ck was a tax upon their franchisqes or notj that .thebanks were.exempted fro'm 'frther taxafion; the old bankd by
force of the l11th 'section of th6 statute-of 1821' 'nd all of the banks in Baltimore by force of the act of 1834,- The arcr&unient of the
counsel for the 'dfendant in error was, .that the ahnu tax paid'by the banks 'was a tax 'uon-their franchises, and that the 11th section did not give.to the.stockholders any exemption from being taxed as persons on account of their. stocl. - Whether or riot the exemption given -by that section is extended to' the' old and'the new banks in vitue of the act bf 1834, is another question,-to which a, separate
answer must be'given in the coiirse of 'this opinion-. Has such Ih exemption been given to the'old banks ? The 'lan-
guage.of the 11th section of the act of 1821 'is: "And be it enacted,
That, upon any bf the aforesai' banks accepting-and complyingwith the terms aind 'onditions of'Ihis act, the Taith of the state is hereby pledged not to impose any further tax. or burden upon them.during the contlnuance -of their charters under this act.", This is the Ian-guage of grave' deliberation, pledging the.faith-of' the state. for some,
purpose-.-.some effectual purpose; -Was tlirutlurpose the protection of the banks from what that legislature and s-cceedinglegisatures could-not do, if the banks accepted the a ,.or-from'hat they.might do, in.the eiercise 6f the taxing power? -he terms 'ad conditions of the act were, that the banks should constrct the road' and pay
-annually a desigfiated 'charge upon theii Z.apital stocks, as the price for theprolbngation of their franchise ofba biig' - The power of the' state to lay any futher fax upon-the franchise was exhausted.. Tbiat
ii the contradt between 'the statean4 the banks. It follows, then,

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

147

Gordon v. Appeal-Tax Court.

as a matter of course, when the legislature go out of the coutract, propesing to pledge its faith, if the banks shall accept the act, not to

impose any further fax or burden upon theni, that it must have meant

by those words an exemption from some other tax than a further tax upon the franchise of the banks. The'latter was already pro'vided

against. "To confine the pledge to any further tax upon th6 fran-

e, surrenders the whole clause as 'a substantive enactment, to a supposed needless declaration of the legislature, that it would not do what it had 9tipulated by ifs contract.not to do. The faith of ktates

is .never. ledged but for some substantial- efid, within the... com-

petency of 'their legislative power; and it is not for us to suppose.

that of Maryland was given in the -actof 1821, with a less grave in-

tent. " Not to impose any further tax or burden," when used in

reference to some tax already imposed, means no pther tax besides that to which reference is made.' Those words, so used- cannot.be

limited by a refinement upon the etymology of the word "any," 'out

of or beyond its meaning in common discourse, to afiyike; and the

words "1any further lax," used with -relation tosome other tax,.will,

-by common conrsent;' a.- it always-'has .been, be intended to mean _.ny additional tax besides.that referred .to, and not- any further

ike tax.

Hfaving determinedt -that the clause in question was not meant as

,a pledge against furthei- taxation upon the fi-anchises of the bank,

but that it was a pledge a-gainst additional taxation, what is the ex-

tent of exemption given by it, or to what does it 'apply,. Does'

it.exempt the respective capital. stocks of the banks, as an aggregite,

and.the stockholders from being taxed as persons on account'of their

stock ? without

iWts e.hthavinifk.g" itthdeo,essabmoeth,efl'eTcht eu-paogngrthgeatpeacros,ultdhantoat

be taxed,. tax.upon

the parts,.would have up.oh the whole. .Besides, the legislature, in proposing the' terms and conditions of the aet, use the word "banks": with reference to the consent or acceptance of the act being given by the stockh6lders; according to a fundamental article of hir char-
ters.' The acceptane of the. act could only be made by the At6ck-holders. They.did aerept, and the tate recogaised it as the act'of'
the stockholders. It could not have-been given-or been' recognised ih any other way. True it is, when acc'epted and recognised, it .became a contract with the banks. But its becoming a contract 'with the banks determines of itself nothing. We must look in -ivhat'cha:-. racter, or by whose assent it was to become a contracd with the
state, to ascertain the iitention of the legislature in making the pled'e, "that upon any of" the aforesaid banks accepting of and complying
with the terms and conditions of this act, the faith of the state is here. by pledged not to impose any further tax or burden upon them
during the continuance of their charters under'this act." The senses in which the words'bank or banks<'are i'aed, ocir
every day in conversation, and are understood by. every one. ' But

148

SUPREME COURT.

Gordon v. Appeal Tax'Court:

the sense in which they are intended to be used, is determined by their connection with what is said besides. When we speak of an act to be done. by a bank or banks, we mean an act to 16e done by those who have the authority to do-it. If it be an act within the

franchise for banking, or the ordinary power of the bank to contract, and it is done by the president and directors, or by their agent, we say the bank did it, and evey one understands what is meant. If,

however, an' act is to be done relative to the institution, by which

its charter is to be-in any way changed, the stockholders must Ao it,

unless another mode to effect it-has' been provided by the charter.

In one sense, but rifer it has been done, we may say the bank. did

it, but only so b'ecause what the stockholders have done, became a

part of the institution, which it was not before. The act to be done.

-in this' instan e was relativ6 to the institution. The legislature

knew it could only be done by the stockholders, and it uses the

word banks in reference to the act 'being accepted by the stock-

holders. Thel act was accepte&by them. When, then, the legislature says, "th a t upon any bf the aforesaid bankg accepting of ani

complying t the terms and conditions of this act, the'faith of.the

state is herebyipledged not to impose any further 'tax or burden,

upon them duing the continuance of teir the relative' is s brad as the antecedent,

cchoamrtpenrsehuennddeinrgthiasllactt~,"t

the latter refdrred to. It ca~mot be said, then, that the stockholders ionf' t1h8'e21oldfrobmankbseinagret' anxoetd eaesmpeprtseodns,byonthaecc1o1utnht. soecftitohneirofsttohcek aicnt

those -.banks, during the ontinuance, f their, charters under

that act. Such was

manifestly

the

intention

of the

legislatures

which

passed

the acts ofe1813 and 1821, from their language.. It is confirmed

banyxtihoeus'nttotenhiadvaent a' ccierrctuaminsrtaonacde"s.co-nEstarucchteodf, wthhoisceh ltehgeiys.ltahtouuregsht'wtehree

convenience and intercourse and they were also anxious

of to

the citizens of'-Maryland. requiredl; raise an adequaxte school fund-for'

every county in the state. They determined tat both ,slould be

accomplished by incorporating certain "banks, with' thie obligation upon them to iake the' roads, and to make all the banks in the. state pay an annual tax upon' their respecive capitds, for a school fund, as the conditions upon which their charters were to be exterfded. By the act of 1813, chap. 122, every incorporated bank in the state was required to pay the annual tax oftwenty cents upon

ewvheircyh hitusn'cdhreadrterdo'lIltaarsstoobfeitesxteapnietadl., stock, as the .condition upon When the legislature, in 1821, incorporated the Boonsborough
Turnpike Company, and proposed' o extefid the' charters of those banSks wmaicbyhfthe terms tnhoef act, were to subscribe for stock enough to complete the -road, it renewed upon those 'banks the school x whichhad been imposed upon them in common with the

IA.N.U'AR-Y TERM,: 184.

149

Gordon v. Appeal Tax Court.

other banks, .bythe abt of 1813. The 11th sections in both acts are identical. In what spirit were. those acts offered to the acceptance' of the banks? In what spirit was it that the banks viewed and accepted these acts? It was an unusual way of providing means for the construction of turnpike roads. The tolls might turn out to l'e enough to compensate them for the experiditures. They might not.
Though the legislature thought the construction of the roads and -paying the school-fund tax were no more than an adequate price for an extended franchise, it is very certain that the stockholders may have thought, that the incorporation of the banks into turnpike companies, with an obligation upon them to 'withdraw so much money from their business operations as was sufficient to finish theroads, presented only a contingent possibility that they could be remunerated by tolls from the roads. When the act of 18.21 was proposed, they had some experience of what had been the result of the construction of the Cumberland road. Is it not possible', then, that when the acts of 1813 and 1821 were in preppraion, or as they. were being enacted, that the 11th section was introduced as an inducement to the stockholders to accept those acts? Whether the
tolls from the road have ever compensated the banks for the expenditurd upon them, does not appear in the case. But it was natural that the stQckholders, knowmg as they did that a tax upon the franchises of the banks would not exempt them from other taxation, stipulated in both instances that- a provision should be introduced into the acts surrendering the state's rig*t to tax them further than ,they were about to be by those a6ts. In whatever way we examine the acts of 1813 and 1821, we are of opinion that it appears, from the 11th sections in those. acts, to have been the intention of the legislatures which. passed them, to exempt the stdckholders from taxatibn as persons on account of the stock which they owned in the banks. This exemption, however, is limited to the old banks in Baltimore which were chartered before 1821, during the continuance of their charter under the act of 1821. It is founded upon the 11th section of that act- and it is our opinion that the act of 1841, chap. 23, il so fur as it imposes a tax upon the stockholders in those banks, on account of their stock, does impair the obligations
.of a contract, and is void by the 10th section of the 1st article of the Constitution of the United States.
Th act of 1834 does not extend to the old or the new banks an exemption from the tax imposed by the act of 1841, chap. 23. It is an act to extend the charters of the several banks in Baltimore. The.second section.prescribes the -terms upon which the franchise for banking is extended. Those terms are the payment annually of
twenty per cent. upon every hundred- dollars of the respective capitals of the-banks, and their proportional parts of -75,000, id two yearly instalments, computed from the passage of the act, ac6ording to the eombined r1ates of their respective capitals paid in,
N2

150

SUPREME COURT..

Gordon v. Appeal Tax Court.

and-of the time for -which their charters are respeciiely continued beyond the first day of January, 1845.
Upon a failure of any bank to pay eithei the annual charge or its proportional instalment, its charter is declared null and void. The. annual charge and the instalment make 'the bonug to be paid by each bank for its continued franchise. It was urged for the old and
the new banks, that the annual tax 'which they were required to pay
by the secondsection of the act 6f 1834 being upon their respective
capitals, a tax upon ihe stockholders on account of their stock would'be equivalent to 'an increase of the price-which had beezi given for the franchise. The effeot upon the stockholderswould be
the same, as they pay both, but that is because they agreed to pay an annual tax upon the capital stock, for their franchise, without any stipulation by the state that they were not to be taxed as stockhold-
ers, on account of their stock, as was the case in the. eleventh section of the act of 1821. The franchise is their corporate property, which, like any other property, 'would be taxable,-if a price had not
been paid for it, which the legislature accepted, as the consideration for allowing them to use the franchise during the continuaiice of'their charters. ,The capital stock is another property-corporately asso-
ciated, for the purpose of banking-but in its"parts is the individual property of the stockholders in the .proportions they may own them. Being their' individual property, they may be' taxed for it, as they
may for any other property they may own.. This is not bnly the case in Maryland. A franchise for banking is in every.state of the union recognised as property. The banking capital attached to the franchise is another property, owned in its parts by persons, corporate or natural, for which they are liable to be taxed, as they are for all other property, for the support of government.
We are of opinion that The stockholders in the old banks are
exempt from the tax imposed by the act of 1841, chapter 23, during the continuance of their charters under the act of 1821, but that the stockholders in the old and-new banks are liable to be taxed by the act of 1841, or that they can claim no exemption under the act of 1834, by which-heir charters were fuilther extended.
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is therefore reversed, and the cause 'will be remanded, with directions to entei up a judgment
for the plaintiff in error.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

JOHN McDoNoGH, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. LAuIRNT MiLLAUDON AND
OTHERS, DEmENDANTS.
The treaty by which Louisiana was ceded to the United States recognised complete grants, issued anterior to the cession, and a decilion of a state court against the validity of a title set up, under such a grant, would be subject to revisal by this court under the 25th section of the Judiciary Act.
But if the state court only applies the local laws of the state to the construction: ofthe grant, it is not a decision against its validity, and this court has no jurisdiction.
Congress, in acting upon complete grants, recognised them as they stood; and the act- of I1th May, 1820, confirming such as were recommended for confirmation by the register and receiver, had no reference to any particular surveys..
A decision of a state court, therefore, which may be in opposition to one of these surveys, is not against the validity of a title existing under an act of Congress, and this court has no jurisdiction in such a case.
Where 'acause has been pending in this court for two terms, a writ of certiorari
sent down at the instance of the defendant in error, to complete the record, and the defehdant in error then moves to dismiss the case upon the ground that the cerk of a state court issued the writ of error, and one of the judgesof that court signed the citation, the moti6n comes loo late.

Tuis case was broghLt-up by-Writ of error, under the 25th section of the Judiciary Act, from the, Supreme Court of the state of
Louisiana. The decision of this court being against its juridiction, it seems
best to give the opinion of the Supreme Court of Louisiana, as the facts in the case and the pbints decided by that court are.stated
with great clearness.

"Supreme Court of the state-of Louisiana. "The court met, Monday, April 26th, 1841. ", Present, their honours Henry A. Bullard, A Morphy, E. Simon,
and Rice Garland. His honour Judge Martin is absent on account .of indisposition.

"Laurent Miltaudoa et al., appellees, Appeal from .the District Court for the

John McDonogh, appellant. )

First Judicial District.

The plaintiffs (Millaudon and others, who were plaintiffs in the original action) allege that they,* with Henry T. Williaas and Charles F. Zimpel, purchased a large tract of land of A. F. Rightor, being a portion of a claim or grant generally known as the toumas, in the parish of Ascension. They took possession'wifh the intention of dividing it into smaller tracts and selling them at auction, to effect a partition ; but were prevented from doing so by the acts and conduct of the defendant, -w.ho publicly declared that he was the owner of a large portion of the land, and slandered their title. They say they have requested him to desist his slanders, or to bring
suit to assert his title, which he declines. They pray that he be
compelled to set-forth his title, if he has any, and if he fail to do so,

694

SUP REME 'COURT.

McDonogh v-Millaudon, et al.

that they be quieted in their possession against his claims and petensions; that he-be enjoined and ordered to desist therefrom; and, further, that they have judgment for fifty thousand dollars -damages for the tortious acts of the said defendant. -
" The defendant pleads a.general denial; then specially that the
plaintiffs have no title; he further avers he is the true and lawful owner of the land by good and sufficient titles, and concludes by a demand in reconvention, in which he prays the plaintiffi may be-
cited to answer; - that.they be compelled to produce and exhibit their titles,, and that he be.quieted and maintained in his possession
of the land. "The plaintiffs, for answer to this-reconvention demand, plead the
g/neral issue,,andc called -on A. F. Rightor, as their warrantor;.to maintain and defend their title against that of McDonogh. Rightor answers the'call in war.anty by a plea of the general issue; secoidly, that the plaintiffs are not entitled to'the remedies against him, which they claim; thirdly, 'that they had'a perfect knowledge of the character and extent of the defendant's -claim when they purchased, and, therefore, have no right to call on him as. warrantor. He further says, the plaintiffs have a good -ahd sufficient title; that McDo-
nogh.bas none at all ' and if be has, he is bound to sue the plaintiffls to establish it, or abandon his claim. He prays that McDonogh be compelled to exhibit his title; that it be rejected; and he concurs in the prayer of the plaintiffs against him, (McDonogh.)
". It.is further prayed that the cause be tried by a jury; but, subsequently,.the parties agreed -to submit the question of titles to the court, reserving the damages to a trial before the jury.
"The issues in this case are somewhat complicated; it has been. argued at great length and with eminent ability., A variety'of questions have been raised by .bills of exceptions,:which, with the eiidence, have swelled the record to a great size; and both plaintift and defendant evidently desire the court to go much.farther into an investigation of,-and decision upon, their respective titles, than. is
necessary for the gettlement 6f the controversy between them. We think we can see difficulties enough likely to arise out of koth, these'
claims, in which persons not now before us.may be interested. We shall not anticipate the points that may hereafter be made, and will now only decide what is inilispensable to the adjustment of thedifficulty between the parties before us.
f The first question is, upon which-party lies the burden of proof
as .to the title of the land. The defendant says, it rests, upon his adversaries and their warrantor. We think differently. The reasons given by the district judge, in his judgment, have not been
refuted, and are, in our opinion,.unanswerable, He says, the demand of the plaintiffs in their. original petition does not constitute a petitory action.' It is 'destitute- of the first requisite of that actio' , not being brought against apariy allegedtobe'in possession. Code

JANUARY TE-RM,. 1845.

696

McDonogh v. Millaudon, et al.

of Pract. art 43. On the contrary, the plaintiffs allege they were in possession, and are disquieted and prevented from making a legifmate use and profit out of their possession and titlb, by the word and acts of the defendant; for which cause they ask for damages, and that he be enjoined from sdtting up any'claim "for the iuture, unless .hedo it at once, either in the present action or by afbther suit. It is true, the defendant sayi he is in possession also;' and had he rested ais case mupon that allegation, it is possible the question would
have been limited to that inquiry, according to art. 49 of the Code .of Practice. But the defendant has gone further; without except-
ing td the form of the action, he comes up to the mark, sets up title in himself, and institutes a reconventional demand; asking that the
property be adjudged to him. This reconventional or cross action, which is by the Code of Practice consolidated with the principal or original' suit, is clearly petitory, and imposes on. McDonogh the oblation of making the proof requisite to sustain his demand. So fuly does this seem to have been understood by the parties oripnally,-that all the subsequent proceedings are in accordance with the idea of the original defendant having become pro hdc vice the
plaintiff. The plaintiffs cite their. vendor, Rightor, in warranty.to-
defend their title, according to Code of Practice, article 379; et sequittr. Every provision of that code-assumes that the warrantor is a defendant in the issue.
"There are various decisions'of this court, and we hold it well settled, that, the last warrantor is the real defendant in a suit against his vendees--not only against the -party who cites him, but more particularly against the orginal actor. That person in the present
suit, so far as Rightor is concerned both ii *substance and form, is McDonogh , whose pretensions he is called upon by his vendees to resist. This question has been heretofore decided by this court, in 9 Martin, 556, and 11 Louis..Rep. 188; aid we see no reason for changing the precedents. -
"Mc'onogh, holding the. affirmative .of the issue, offered in evidence a certified copy.from the register or record of complete grants in-the Land-bffice in New Orlears, by which it appeared that on the 3d of April,- 1769, the French governor of Louisiani granted to
Pierre Joseph Delille Dupard, l3re, a tract.of land having thirty ar. pens front on the Mississippi river, with all the depth which might be found to Lake Maurepas, of the land where formerly.stood two villages of the Collapissa Indians, situated about sixteen'leagues above the city, on the same side ; to take from the. plantation of a person named - Allemand, and join that of a free mulatto named
Joseph Lacomb. The usual stipulations and reservations are made
in this grant. To its reception in evidence various objections were made,-'which were overruled, and bills- of exceptions taken by
Rightor, and the grant attached after it was received as being a nu-

696

SUPREME COURT.

.McDonogh v. Millaudon, et al.

lity on various grounds. -It is not_ necessary in the present case to
decide any of these questions. _ "The counsel for Rightor,'on whom devolved the whole defence
ofthis, case,, (the plaintiffs not appearing at all, further-than to join issue with'McDonogh,) insists that, supposing the grant to Delille.
Dupard to be geiuine, given by competent -authority,--and all the rights of the grantee, vested in his opponent, (all of which he.specialy denies, however,) that then this action cannot be maintained; because, he says, it being for a certain front and depth, and it not being specified that the lines are to open or close in any manner, it' must be located by parallel lines; and the evidence shows conclusively that, if so located, it will not touch any portion of the land
claimed by the -plaintiffs. But the counsel for McDoniogh insist, the lines should open upwards of twenty degrees, and endeavour to prove that it has Jeen located, and should, so continue, as to let the lower line touch the western shore of Lake Maurepas, and the upper running westerly strike the Amite river at a distance of about nineteen miles from the Mississippi, 'and nearly that distafice from the point where the lower line touches the lake. Nothing is said in the grant about the Aimite river,-nor is it shown that the lines should open in this manner, so as to include the sites ofthe two Indian villages mentioned in it. If this location were to be- sanctioned, the Dupard claim would cover somewhere about one hundred thousand
arpens of land.
"To sustain their position, the counsel for McDonogh insist strenuously on what -bey call a plat made by Don Carlos Trudeau, in 1790, which they say indicates the partition of'the tract among the -heirs and legal represehtatives of Delille-Dupard, as on it it is said the lines open in the rear as claimed.. This document was objected to as evidence by the counsel of Rightor, but received by th6 dourt, with the exception of a written memorandum uion it, and a bill of exception taken, which we'consider it unnecessary to decide on, as we think the paper does not prove what is alleged, not is it entitled to any weight as vidence. "It is neither a survey, or plat, or a copy properly -authenticated, showing how the partition was made. ·On the face, it is'apparent a partition had been made previously, and there is evidqnce in the record showing it must have been made severalyears previous, as. one of the heirs sold her portion to Fonteneau, in 1784. Thisplan is evidently nothing more than a sketch made by Trudeau to represent the front of the tract, which it seems had'increased from thirty aipens front, in 1769, to upwards of forty arpens, in 1790. There is not about it that particularity and neat-
ness which marks -the operations of the former surveyor-general of the province of Louisiana. The lines drawn seem to be experimental or provisional. None of those funning out from the river have any length -marked, and out of fifteen lines drawn or dotted, but six have any bearing indicated, and-that is different on each of

JANUARY TERM], 1845.

697

McDonogh v. Millaudon et al.

them. The statement in writing, on the face of the sketch, indicates

its true character. It is not in the form of a proc~s verbal, but is

stated to be a note which says that the land belonging to the succes-

sion having been asserted to have thirty-five arpens front, according

to the declarations of the parties interested, and-conformably to the

writing and sales passed by the heirs-in favour of Henry Fonteneau,

Gelar Vedro Le Bourgeois, Alexandre- Lange;,. mulatto, and Don

Francisco Dupard, the sonf the only one who had not sold his por-

tion; but from the verification that was had in the month of March,

1787, repeate'd this day, the 10th of Auguft, in the current year, the

same was found to coitain forty arpens and twenty-three toises front,

on the Mississippi, measured upon the lines marked (punteas) a, b,

c, *&c., &c. This is dated the 10th of August, 1790, and signed by -Carlos Trudeau. In no part of this note or statement does he a$-

sume any official character. If this plan or sketch was of any valid-

ity at all, it would perhaps prove -more for the defendant than he

wishes, asit fixes this claim in the parish of St. John the Balitist,

instead of the county of Acadia. In connection-with, this plan,, we

find.another in the record, which is authentic, that differs from 1tin

various particilars. It appears that Henri Fonteneau, in 1784, pur-

chased' of Mad'e Maenamora, one of the heirs of Delille Dupard, her

portion of the lind,'being, pne-fifth.- In. the act of sale made, in pre-'

sence -of the commandant of the port or parish of St. John the .Bap-

tist, the land -is described as a tract in that parishb, having seven ar-

pens front on the river, by the ordinary -depth, (profondeur ordi-

.na/re.) Not a word is said about the lines extending to the lake, or

their opening. On the 24th -of September, in.the year 1790, Tru-

dea makes a survey of this land, places it inthe parish aforesaid,

gives it a front of eight arpens, four toises, and tdlee feet;front, and

setaastte,satnhde ltohwe eurppsiedre, lnionrethtotrenunmnoinrtuhteesigwhtesdte, garececsoradnindgfifttoy tmhei-nnuet&es

die, without attending to the variation.

ociw grados cinqu~ntdafrrte

minutas este de la actua"agwja sin attendes a la variadon. This varies widely from other plans and surveys submittof to us; it in fact differs from any other plnt that we see in the record, and it is the only authentic one of the lower portion of the Dupard claim made

by authority of the Spanish government. We have no other evi·udnenticleM-ocfDaonnyogwhelal nfdouBnrdoewdn cblaeicmamtoe ainnteorpesetneidngintotwhearldasndt.he Trehaery,

purchased upwards of eighteen arpens front, by eighty in depth, of

Pierre Le Bourgeois, the 3d of Marcn, 1806; and in the act of sale there is nothing said of' the lin~s extending beyond that depth, or

oexpiesnt,inagndinwaenrye

manner; but delivered by

it is the

mentioned that two pints vendor to the purchasers,

of survey paraphed

by the notary, neither of which are produced.

/

iWhen the inventory ofthelille Dupard's estate was made in 1776, the land is represented as extending to Lake owaurepas, but not a

VoL,. II.--88

3 N

98

SUPREME -COURT.

MXcDonogh v. Millaudon et a].

word said of there being an opening.towards the rear. Some time after McDonogh and Brown purchased of Le Bourgeois, they pre-
sented the claim for confirmation to the commissioners of the United States, in the eastern district of Louisiana, and represented it as
having a front of eighteen arpens,_three toises, and three feet, front; by eighty qrpens deep; and having an opening of twenty degrees and seventy-one minutes towards the rear; and with the exception of a'small portibn, it was confirmed to that extent. o2 Am. State *Papers, Public Lands, W32. This claim was based upon a grant of
the Spanish government to Le Bourgeois, nothing being said about
a grant to Dupard.. "Aflother portion of this claim was derived from Dupard, through
L. H. Guerlain, agent of the Eastern-Shore of Maryland Louisiana Company. We have carefully examined this branch of the. title, and find nothing to prove"the claim had any .opening, until some-time after it was recognised by the United States. In 2 American State Papers, relating to public lands, p. 297, this claim was presented for confirmation, and described as 'situate on'the east side of the Mississippi river, in the county of Acadia, containing ten arpens and seven toises in front, and a depth extending to Lake Man-
repas, bounded on one side by McDonogh and Brown, and on the other by land of Antoine Tregle.' Not a word is said about an opening. The claim is confirmed for a depth of forty arpens, and
rejected for the remainder. On pages 300 aid 343 of the same volume, it will be seen these dlaims were again under the consideration of the commissioners, and rejected.' An examination of the title of the remaining portion of this claim, which comes through Tregle, establishes the fact that the idea of the Dupard grant open-
ing towards the rear was of moaern origin. It is.certain that McDonogh did not consider it as extending to the Amite river previous to 1806, as hQ was himself established on that stream some years pre-
vious, .inder a different title, or as a trespasser. cir"cuWmestahnacvees, btoeenshothwusthpatartthiceuelaffrecints thofe tehxeamsuinbasteiqounenotf aacltliotnheosne the claim are not such as contended for by the'defendant.

p.

"25In4,

3andAmfreormicantheSrteacteordP,apweersa, sdreerltaatiinngthtaot

McDonogh the public

& Co. lands,

again applied to the register of the Land-office and receiver of pub-

lviicsibmnosneoyfsthien NacetwofOCrolenagnrse,sst,o praespsoerdt ontht2he7isthcJlaainmu,aruyn,d1e8r 1t3h,e evnrto-fled 'An act giving further time for registering claims to landsin te

eastern and western district of the territory of Orleans, now state of
Louisiana.' It is described as 'atract of land situated in the county of Acadia, on the east shore of the Mississippi, sixteen leagues above New Orleans, containing thirty-two arpens" front. with a depth extending as far as Lake Maurepas. "This tract has formerly 'been
claimed before the board of commissioners, and the dcpth extending

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

699

McDonogh v, Millaudon et a].

beyond forty acres rejected by them for-wantof evidence of,title; 6"4the claimants have since produced a complete French title,for the whole quantity claimed, in-favour of Delille Dupard~under whom they claim, dated the 3d of April, 1769.'." His claim is placed by the register and receiver in the first class; which, they say, compre-
heads such claims as stand confirmed by law. It will be observed that the grant to Delille Dupard is now spoken of for the first time; his claim, whenever mentioned previously, was described as one de-
rived from the Collapissa Indians, yet-no mention is made in this report of its having any opening in the -rear. That difficulty is met
by the defendant by the production of d paper Which, he says, is a survey and blat of his claim made by F. V. Pbtier, a United States surveyor, which it is certified was offered as part of the evidence in support of the claim, when last presented for the action of the United States comiissioners; and it is alleged that as the claim was confirmed, it must necessarily be so to the extent inenti6ned in the plat, it being a portion of the evidence. Admitting for a moment-that this plat is valid, we are not prepare4 to saylthat the proposition is true to the extent stated. One piece of evjdence does not fli the
extent and character of a decision, but we must look to all that is offered, and the amount demanaed. There is ndthin in what is said by' the register and receiver, whichi authorizes a befief that any opening was claimed, or any was intended to be confirmed. McDo-
nogh & Co. simply say they claim a 'front of thirty-two arpens, with a depth extending as far as Lake Maurepas,' under a complete title to Dupard, and the cominissioners say it is a claim that stands confirmed by law.
"'The omission to mention any thing about the plat goes to show
it was not regarded, or hadbut little weight, and we can scarcely suppose that so important an opening, as is claimed, would have
been passed over in silence; if it had been seriously pressed. "We are of opinion, that the plat, even if admissible as evidence,
is not entitled to any weight as establishing the extent of the claim. Although Potier says he is a sworn surveyor, commissioned by the surveyor-general of the United States, we know of no right that
gives him to run out clims under the direction of individuals merely, and fix the boundaries of those not recognised by the government. It is not pretended he acted under any authority from his supeiior in, making what is called a survey; it never was -presented to the surveyor-general for his approval, nor does it seen to have had the legal sanction of any one authorized to act in the premises. Potier does not pretend it is a regular survey; he calls it 'plan extrait .des minutes de nor cr rations d~arpentage faite dlans les annes 1806, 1808, et 1812, lesqueller lignes en diverr terns ont t6 pJarcouruer jurqu'ilraz vi~re .3mite et "demarqud conform ment aux ligner du ptan.' He then goes on to say, Delille Dupar.d had
described his title from the Collapissa.Indians, and sold it to various

700

SUPREME COURT.

McDonogh v. Millaud'on et al.

persons. He does not seem even to have heard of a grant from the French government in 1769, or attempted - location in conformity
to it. "The defendant further states that his claim has been located by
the Unitedl4tates since its confirmation, and surveyed in the manner claimetd by him. To establish this, he offered in evidence* copies
of three township plats, to wit: tchwnship No. 10 south, ranges five and six east,. and township No. 11 south, range 5 east. To the introducti6n of these plats as evidence Rightor objected, because the papers are not, nor do they purport to be, copies of the original plats of those townships, and for other causes mentioned in his bill of- exceptions. -The district judge admitted them in evidence, in wmhoifcyhwwheenthibnekttehreeevridreedn.ce The papers are copies of copies2 and it is a well set{led rule of evidenccaen tbheatptrhoecyuraerde. noIttaisdmfuirstshibelreapapsatreesntit-,
from the certificate of the register of the Land-office, that they are

not correct copies. The claim of McDonogh is represented on these copies in a manner differing from that in which it appears on the plats in the register's office. The register states on one of the plats, that on the original 'section No. 1 is not coloured,' but that he had ' represented it as it now appears, at .the re4uest of John
McDonogh, Esq.' Fae colouring of these.maps was, perhaps, not intended to deceive or impose on any person, but when it is recollected that surveyors represent private claims properly located on their plats in a colouring different from public lands or doubtful rights, such a representation is calculated to make an -erroneous impression. But the objection, most fatal to the reception of these plats as evidence, is 'that they are certified by 'aperson not the keeper of the original. 'The-surveyor-general of the United Sates for this statp is.the officerwho has charge of the public surveys, and he is the proper.person to certffy the" twnship maps. 2 Land Laws, 294, sect. 6. The copzes of public surveys deposited in the office of the register of the Land-office are placed there for his government, and to enable him to perform the duties imposed by
-law, but he has not legal authority to certify copies so as to make them legal -evidence. The law intrusts that power to another
person. '1Although we are of opinion these plats were improperly received
in evidence, we have examined them with a view to see if the pretended survey would justify the claim of the defendant. We do not find in the record the slightest evidence of authority from any pfilcer of the United States to locate this claim in.any manner. The acts of Congress of the 12th of April, 1814, and the 3d of March, 1831,
direct the mode of locating private claims. 1' Land Laws,: 652, sects. 3, 4; 2 Land Laws' 294, sect. 6. -
There are also other -acts of Congress- in relation to the location

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

701

MeDonogh v. Millaudon et al.

of particular classes of claims, but the defendant does not come within the-provisions of any of them.
cIt has been decided that the court and jury will look beyond
the confiTmation of a claim by the land commissiQners or Confess, emanating from the former .gove~mments of Louisiana, in order to ascertain the extent and boundaries-of the land claimed. 11 Louis. Rep. 587. We have acted on that principle in this case, and see no reason to .depart from our previous decision, that when the expressions in a title only convey a certain front and depth, the grantee or purchaser cannot claim by diverging lines to the rear, and thereby' obtain more than the superfices contained in,a parallelogram, unless there be something in the grant to authorize the opening, or, from the peculiar position of the claim, it shall be necessary to give the superficial quantity. 'That does not appear necessary in the case before us.
"1We repeat, that it is not our purpose to decide in any manner upon4-the validity of thelHumas' grant, under whichthe plaintiffs claim, nor do we decide any thing more in relation'to that yalleged to be in favour of Delille Dupard, under -which the defendant claims, than to say, whether it is for thirty or forty arpens front, and is eighty arpens or more in depth, it must -be located by parallel lines, unless the confirmatibn to McDonogh and Brown for eighteen arpens, three toises, and three feet, front, by eighty in -depth, should for that quantity authorize the opening mentioned in the report on the claim, but it cannot extend beyond-it.
" It is clear from the evidence before us, that the claim of the defendanf, if located in'the manner specified, cannot in any wayinterfere with the land claimed by ihe plaintiffs as shown by the plats laid before us.
"1The judgment of the District Court is therefore affirmed, with costs."
To review this opinion, under -the 26th section of the Judiciay Act, a writ of error was sued out, by -which the case was brought up to this court.
Jones and .Meredith, for the plaintiff in error. Coxe and William Cost Johnson, for the defendants in error.
A motion had been previously made and argued on the part of the defendant in error, to dismiss the case upon three grounds.
1. That the writ of error.had been irregularly issued. 2. That no jurisdiction was shown by the- record to exist under the 25th secion of the Judiciary Act. 3. That the judgment of the court below was not final. The writ of error was issued by A. Cuvillier, Clerk of Supreme Court of Louisiana, eastern district.
Coxe, in support of the motion to dismiss, ieferred to 2 Dallas, 3 i2

-702

'S3UPREME COURT.
MeDonogh v. Millaudon et aL.

401, and said that in consequence of .this decision, an act of Congress was passed in May, 1792, (L Story, 260.-) In 8 Wheat; 312, 324, it was held that the 9th section of the act of 1792 applied to bringing up cases from the Circuit Courts of the United States, and also from the highest tribunal of 'a state, when this court can take jurisdiction under the 25th section. -4 Dallas, 22; 9 Peters, 602;
McCollim v. Eager, 2 Howard; 7 Wheat. 164; 12 Wheat. 117; 2 Peters,-380; 3 Peters, 392; 10 Peters, 368; 9 Peters, 224; 7 Peters, 41; 11 Peters,.167.

Meredith, in reply, said that there'was a difference which must beborne in'mind, between the English system and ours: In England the writ was an -original *rit5 issuing out of-the court. of chancery, which had a double nature. -It was a c'ertiorari to remove the record, and a cbmmission.to the superior court to affirm orreverse the judgment. .2 Saund. Rep. 100, (1.) · Under our judiciary system, it is nothing mdre than a certiorari
to rer4ove the *record. It imparts no authority to this court. Itgives no jurisdiction. ' The President of the-United States, in whose
name te writ issues'here, 'has no power tb-confer jurisdiction upon
this court, as the king has in England, in whose name the writ is'sues there. Here it is given s6lely by the Constitution and laws. It is
a mere -instrumentin id of the revising and appellate power, but is 'not indispensable. - Its sole purpose is to bring the record into court; and if the record is in coiirt, or a copy properly certified and brouight there by the party aggrieved by the judgment, with due .notice to 'the other party, there can be no dificulty in proceeding to exercise the'appellate power. In order to show that if a copy of the record be ii possession of the court, the mode of its rem6val
will not be inquired into, it iiiay be mentioned that a large portion of the -casesbrought here under the 25th-section, -are brought without writs of error,,iz., chancery cases and admiralty decrees, which are brought simply by a prayer of appeal with citation; and yet the 25th section requires a writ 6f error in all cases, decrees as well as judgments. In. Martin ti. Hunter, the 'state court refused to make return to the writ, and the plaintiff in error procured an exemplifi-
cation of the'record and brought it himself into this court. 1 Wheat. 349;. 6 Wheat. 264.
'If a writ of error is a mere mode of removing the record, and if the mode of removal is form arid not substance; if it gives no jurisdiction'to the court, but is a mere instrument to facilitate the exercise of the appellate power, then we contend that any defect in the writ itself, or any irregularity in issuing it- is'immaterial.
1. It may be waived. The general iole is, that irregularities and 'defects in the process or pleadings may be waived.
A writ issued' with an illkgal teste, maybe waived. 2Pick. 592,
and the eases referred to in p. 595:

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

703

MeDonogh v. Millaudon et al.

21 Pick. 535. The action wasagainst a deputy sheriff. The

writ was served by a coroner; service bad, hut cured by appearance.

1 Metc. 508. A motion to' dismiss the action, or quash tiIa writ,

if not founded on matter of exceptions, whish show want of juris-

diction of the court, comes too late after pleading to the action.

In this case the facts shrw a waiver. The record was filed 24th

October, 1842. There was an appearance. This is the third term

the case has been here. Therd was a motion for certiorari at last

term. All which iake a strong case of implied waiver.

2. If not waived, the defect is cured by the 32d section of the

act of 1789. 1 Paine, 486.

But we contend that the writ was regularly issued. The record'

shows a petition signed by the counsel of the plaintiff in error, and

addressed to the Snpreme Court of Louisiana, assigning reasons why

a writ of error would lie, and praying that it may be allowed,

Upon which, that court issued the following order:

"Let the writ of error be allowed according to law. The peti-

tioner to give bond and security in the sum of five hundred dollars.

(Signed)

"F. X. MATI."

From these proceedings it is manifest that the state judge thought

he had authority to issue the writ. See dictum of Johnson, J.,

1 Wheat. 379. There is nothing prohibitory in the section. It says "up o n a

writ of error," bt does not ay when or how it is to be issued.

The provision respecting a citation shows, that.it was the design of

the law to promote the converience of suitors. 'To allow the suitor

to apply to a stat6 judge for a citation, and yet compel him to go fo

the Circuit Court for the writ, would conduce nothing to his con-

venience.

It may be said that our construction would lead to the anomaly

of a court issuing a mandatory writ to itself. )But, in fact, this is

no anomaly in our legislation.' By the act of 1792, sect. 11,

(1 Story, 260,) the writ of error is directed to be issued out of the

Circuit Court, under its seal, returnable to this court.

2d. The judgment is said not to be final. (Mr. .Meredith's argu-

ment upon this point is omitted.)

3. As to the jurisdiction of this court. A classification of the

cases in which jurisdiction is conferred, is made in 10 Peters, 398;

6 Peters, 285.

What appears then from the record, and the decision of the court?

It is.Apparent that MoDonogh relied upon the confirmation of his

title, by the report of the register and receiver, and the act of Con-

gress. The district judge decided, that his claim was not embraced by

thv. act; that there had beeii no confirmation.

If the writ of err'or had been taken to this. judgment, there could

have been no doubt of the jurisdiction.

704

SUPREME COURT..

McDonogh v. Millaudon et al.

A construction of the act was directly drawn in question; and the decision was against the right and title specially set up and claimed by McDonogh, under the act,
The writ of error, howeyer, is to the judgment of the Supreme
Court.
It is apparent that in that court also, McDonogh relied upon the confirmation of his title, by the -act of Congress.
What title? A title to the whole extent of his claim, as established by the
evidence of a survey before the register and receiver, and by them so confirmed.
Whatever they reported was confirmed by the act. And in the
absence of all evidence of a prior title out of the United States, the report and confirmation were -conclusive. Strother v. Lucas, 12 Peteis, 410; Grignon v. Astor, 2 How. 319; Boatner v. Walker,. 11 Louis. Rep. 582. But the Supreme Court decided, that assuming the confirmation of the act of Congress, it was a ponfirmation of the bare title, without any ascertainment of location. And that although no title was shown 'by Rightor, they had a right to look beyond the 'confirmation, and ascertain the extent and boindaries of the claim.
'Now here again, the construction of the act of- Congress was drawn in question: -for McDonogh relied on it as a confirmation of his title for the whole, quantity of land,-elimed before the register and receiver.
But the court gave a different construction of. the act; and therefore decide against the right and title specialy set up under it by McDonogh.
It is a case then clearlj.ithin the 25th section.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the court.
The question in the Supreme Court of Louisiana was one of boundary. The court passed on the grant to Dupard only, and not on the opposing claim: if the lines of the former did not open in their production from the Mississippi, towards Lake Maurepas, then the land claimed under Millaudon's title was not embraced by Dupard's grant, and -no necessity existed for the examination of Millaudon's. Dupard's was .made in 1769, ."for thirty arpens of fr6nt to the river Mississippi, upon the whole depth that shall be found, unto Lake Maurepas, of the land where heretoford were two villages of the Collapissa savages; to take from the platation of one Allemand, unto its junction with that of a person named Joseph
Lacombe." The front being ascertained, the court below held that the extension back mist be on parallel lines. As this construction excluded the land claimed by Millaudon, it ended the controversy
in his favour. Did this final judgment draw in question the construction -of a
treaty or statute of the United. States; or of an authority exercised

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

705

McDonogh v. Millaudon et al.

under the same: and was the decision-against the validity of either; or against the title, or right set up or claimed under either? If these questions are answered in the negative, it follows we have no jurisdiction to re-examine, or reverse the judgment under the 25th section 9f the Judiciary Act; as no other error is -within the cognisance of this court.
1. The treaty with France, of 1803, gave-no further sanction to the boundary of McDonogh's title than it had by the grant; in respect to its validity, the decision of the state court supported the claim to the same extent that the treaty protected it, and therefore the decision was not opposed to the reaty. A question partly'involving this consideration was adjudged in The City of New Orleans, v. De Armas, 9 Peters, 225, to which 'we refer.
2. Was the decision of the. Supreme Court of Louisiana opposed to any act of Congress? Dupard's grant was completed as early as 1769, and presented to the register and receler as a complete title; was thus reported on by them to the General Land-office, and by that department the report was laid before Congress ; it is as
follows:
"No. 406. "John Mclbonogh & Company claim a tract -of land situated in
the county of Acada, on the east shore of the river Mississippi, sixteen leagues above New Orleaiv, containing thirty-two arpens front, ,with a depth extending as far as Lake Maurepas.
"This tract of land has formerly been claimed before the board of commissioners, and, the depth extending beyond forty acres, rejected by them, for wantcif evidence of title; but the claimant has .since produced a complete French title to the whole quantity claimed, in favour of Pierre Delille Dupard, (under whom he claims;) dated 3d day of April, 1769.",
On. the report at large, embracing many claims, Congress proceeded; and by the act of May 11th, 1820, declared, "that the claims to lands within the eastern district of Louisiana, described by .the register and receiver of said district in their report to the commissioner of. the General Land-office, bearing date the 20th day of November, 1816, and recommended in said report for confirmation, be, and the shine are hereby confirmed, against any claim on part of the United States."
MoDonogh's claim, No. 406, is df class first, species first, in the report, including twenty-one grants, of which the, register and receiver say: "All the preceding claims, being founded on complete titles, are in our opinion confirmed by law.'.' 3 Am. State Papers, 255. This is explained in page 267, where it is again said: "1Those claims which are found under species first of the first class, being founded on complete grants of former governments, we think'are good in themselves on general principles, and therefore require no
VOL. III.-89

SUPREME COURT.
XcDonogh v. Millaudon et aL
confirmation by the government of the United States to give them
validity." Many incopnplete tides were recommended for confirmation, and
confirmed by Congress, -buf in these cases the former governments had not parted -with the ullmate interest inithe land, and the fee was transferred to the United States by thedreaty, with the equityattached in the claimant,. which equity was clothed with the fee' by the confirming act. The perfect title of McDonogh being clothed with the highest sanction, and in full property, on the change of governments an assumption to confirm.it would have been pregnant with suspicion that itrequired confirmation by this government, in addition to the general law of nations and the treaty of 1803, which secured in full property such titles. That the grant stands recognised as complete and valid against the United States, and any one claiming under them, by the proceedings had before the register and -'eceiver and by Congrss, we have io doubt; further than this, the government has.not acted on it. In such'sense similar titles have been treated, as will be seen by-the two acts of May 8th, 1822-the first confirming lots'in the town of Mobile and clamns in West Florida; the second, sanctioning the reports of the registers and receivers of the land-offices at St. Helena Court House and at Jackson CNurt House, in the districts east and west of ]Pearl -river; in regard to which reports, Congress says: That all'complete titles (reported on. as such) be, and the same are, recognised as valid and complete against the United States, or any right derived under them.
But in McDonogh's case, as in other similar ones referred to above,-the recognition extended only to the boundaries the grants themselves furlnshed, according to their landmarks, and true construotion under the local laws in virtue of which they were obtained.
3. To overcoine this 6bjection., it is insisted,, on the' part of the plaintiff in error, that McDonogh & Company filed plans of survey and descriptions of the land with the register and- receiver, and especjally that of F. V. Potier, as part of their title, giving the boundaries as they were claimed before the Supreme Court of Louisiana; that these were confirmed by Congress; that the confirmation,.to the extent it was made, is binding on the United Stat6s; as the opposing claim of Millaudon was not drawn. in controversy below, and the lands claimed. treated as unappropriated, by individuals.
If-the faht assumed was true, that the plans and descriptions had been confirmed- and boundary given to the title accdrdinr to them by the United States, then the decision would be opposed to 'the confirmation, and jurisdiction exist in this court.
There can be no doubt such plans and desciiptions were filed and. recorded in due time, but no evidence is found in the record that the register and receiver acted-on themi or that they were pregented to Congress even as documents accompanying the report; ifthey were, it ismanifest that they Were disregarded, for two rea-

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

707

Gantly's Lessee. v. Ewing.

sons: first, because Congress did not assume the powerto deal dire cty with this title at all; and, secondly, because the report had reference singly to the face of the grant , regardless of private surveys made subsequent to its date, at the instance of the successive owners.
The state court held McDonogh's title to be valid to every extent
that it has been recognised-by the United States, and only applied the local laws of Louisiana in its construction, so far as they had a controlling influence on the manner in which the side lines should
b'e extended from the Mississippi river towards Lake Maurepas; and as, in so doing, neither the treaty of 1803, nor any act of Congress, or authority exercised under the United States, -was drawn in question, this- court has no jurisdiction to revise the decision of that court; for which reason, the cause must'be dismissed.
'The clerk of the Supreme Court of Louisiana issued the writ of error,.and one of the judgesr of that court signed the citation ; and,
on the ground that such writ could not remove the record, it was moved on a former day of the term to dismiss the cause. It has been here for two terms; a writ of certiorari, has been sent down, at the'instance of the defendant in error, in whose behalfothe motion is made, to complete the record; he 'now moves to dismiss for the first time, and We think he comes too late. If errors had been assigned by the plaintiff here, and joined by the defendant, no motion to dis-
miss for such a cause could be heard; and as no formal err6rs are usually assigned in this court, atid none were assigned in this cause,
we think the delay to make the motion is equal to a joinder in
error, even if the clerk of the Supreme Court of Louisiana had no authority to issue the writ, on which we at present express no opinion.

LEssEE OF DANIEL W. GANTLY -BT AL., PLAXNTIFF, V.WxLIuAN (.'AND
GEORGE W. Ewuto, ,DEFENDANTS.-
A law of the state of Indiana; directing "that real'and personal estate, taken in execution, shall sell for the best price the same will bring at public auction and outcry, except that the ree-simple of real-estate shall not be sold to satisfyany execution or executions, until the rents and'profits for the term of seven years of such real estate shall have been first ofr'erpd for sale at public auction and outcry; and ifsuchrents and profits will not sell for a sum sqfficient to satisfy such-execution or executions, then the fei-simple shall be sold," is not merely directory to the sheriff,but restrictive of his power to sell the fee-, simple.
If he sells the fee-simple without having previously offered the refits and profits, his deed is void.
The law of Indiana, passed after the execution was issued, also required that ,,theproperty shlotld be apjraised. The sheriff's deed was not void, because of there being no appraisement.
Tins case came up on a certificate of division from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Indiafia.

THE DECISIONS
OF THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UITED STATES,
AT
JANUARY TERM, 1845

·ANDREW ALDRIDGE AND'OTHE IS, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, V. NATHANIEL
F. WILLIAMS.
The act of Congress, of March 2d, 1833, commonly called the Compromise Act, did not, prospectively, repeal all duties upon imports afler the 30th of June, 1842.
Repealing only such parts of previous acts-as were inconsistent with itself, it left in force, after the 80th of June. 1842, the same duties whlch were levied on the 1st of June, I 12.
Duties were-directed by the act of 1833 to be levied according 10a home valuation, "under such regulations as nay be prescribed by law." This phrase embraces all regulations lawfully existing at the time thebome valuation went into operation, whether made before or after thd passage of the act of 1833.
And the regulations established in the 7th and 8th sections cf the act of 1832 are sufficient for the correct performance of the duty.
The regulations prescribed by the secretary of the Treasury, und a power given to him by the 9th section of the act of 1832, are also "regulationa prescribed by law"
The court, in construing/an act, will not consider the motives, or reasons, or opinions, expressed by individual member of Congress, in debate, but *ill look, if necessary, to the public history of the times in which itwas passed.

Tins case was brought up by writ of error, from the Cicuit Court

of the United States for the District of Maryland, and involved the construction of the act of Congress of March 2d, 1893, commonly

called the Compromise Act. Williams was the collector of the

port of-Baltimore, and the plaintiffis in error were importing mer

chants, who sued to ecover duties paid under protest. The title of the act was ("An act to modify the act of the 14th
of Ily, 1832, and all other acts imposing duties on imports."

The 1 tsection Vtovided that from and after the 31st of Decem-

ber, 1833, in all cases where _.aties shall exceed twenty per centum

on the value thereof, one-tenth part of such excess shall be deducted;

from-and after the 31st of December, .1835, another tenth-part; from

- VoL. -1H-2

9

10

SUPREME COURT.

Aldridge et a. v. Williams.

and after the 31st of December, 1837i another tenth part; from and after the 31st of December, 1839, Another-tenth part; from and after thd 31st of December, 1841, one-half of the residue of such excess shall be deducted; and from and after the 30th-of June, 1842, the other half thereof shall be deducted. - The 2d section raised the duty upon certain woolleis from five
to fifty per centum. The 3d section was as follows: "That, until the 30th day of June, 1842, the duties imposed by
existing laws, as modified by this 'act, shall remain and continue to be collected. -And from and after the day last aforesaid, all duties upon imports shall be collected in ready iioney; and all credits,
now allowed-by law, in the payment of duties, shall be, and hereby are, abolished; and such duties shall be laid for the purpose of* raising such revenue as may be necessary to an idonomical administration of the government; and from and after the day'last aforesaid, the -duties required to be paid by law on goods, waies, and merchandise, shall be assessed upon. the value thereof at the pbrt whe'e/the saare shall be entered, under such regulations as may be prescribed by law."
The 4th ection exempted certain articles from duty'duringthe interval between the 31st of December, 1833, and the 30thof June,. 1842.
The 5th section exem~pted certain articles from duty after the 30th
of June,.1842, and concluded as follows: "And all' iaiports on which the first section of this act may operate, and all articles now admitted td entry free from duty, or paying a less rate of'duty than twenty-per centum, ad valojem, before the'said 30th day' of June,
1842, from an&after that day may be admitted to entry, subject tc such duty, not bxceeding twenty per centum, ad valorem, as shall
be provided for-b'y law." The 6th and last section was as follows:
11That se much of the. aft of the 14th of July, 1832, or of any other act as is inconsistent with this act, shall be, and the same js hereby repealed: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so -constiued as, to prevent the passage, prior ot subseqaent to the said 30th day of June, 1842, of 'any -act, gr acts,.from time to time, that ay be necessary to detect, preent, or punish evasions of the duties on 'imports imposed by law,-nor to prevent the passage of any act prior to--the 30th day. of June., 1842, in the con-
tingency eithtr of excess or deficiency of ievenue, altering the'rates of duties on articles which, by the aforesaid" act of 14th of July,
1832, are 'subject to a less rate of duty than. twenty per centum, ad valorem, in such manner as not to exceed that rate, and'so as to
adjust-the revenue to either of the said contingencies."
'The statement of facts 'agreed upon in. the court below was as follows:-

JAN,'UARY TERM, 1845.

11

-Aldridge et al. v. Williams.

"In this case it is admitted that, on the 20th August, 1842, the

plaintiffs in this cause imported into *the port of Baltimore, froin

Liverpool, in England, a large quantity of-goods, wares, and mer-

chandise, and on the same day entered-the same at-the custom-house

in the port of Baltimore; .that. the following is a frue entry and list

of said goods, their quality, character, and value. . (Here followed a -listof the goods, with their value, amounting to

£8254 16s.)

a/djustment..

Value at Baltimore per appraisement - - - $44,346 00 20 per cent.-am't duties pai collector under protest 8,869 20

Value per ihvoice, -£ str. 8254.16-0, or -

20 per cent. - .....

..

Duty per home valuation - -

-

Per invoice.value - .V- -

-

- - $36,1651 00
- , 7,330 20
- - $8,869 20
- - 7,330 20

1,5L39 00.

"Tlat, on their entry, 'he defendant exacted andyrequired of the plainiffi to pay, as. 'and for duties oh said goods, the sum of eight thousand, eight hun'dredt aid sixty-nine dollars and vo cents, which the plaintiffs first refused to pay, but iot being able -ogettheir goods without paying the same, they did pdy the same under protest; that
the value of the goods, by the true invoice cost, adding freight and other charges, was thirty-six thqusand six hpndred and lfty-one
dollars, ($36,651 ;) that the home valuation in Baltimore, as fixed by the appraisers, was forty-four thousand three hundred and fortysix dollars, ($4,346,;) t*at-the duties upon the" invoice .cost'and
charges would have been sev.en. thousand three hundred and thirty. dollars and twenty cents, ($7;,330 20.).
"It is furtlier agreed, that the duties, so collected as aforesaidbyihe defendant, wore exacted under, -and in pursuanceosf, rders end regulations fromthe Treasury Department of the government of, the Uniited States, and with the approbation, end sanctiou, and direction 9f the President of-the. United States;-
'And it is also admitied, that the amount exacted as aforesaid'by defendant -of'plaintils, and b.hy tem paid him a~j aforesaid, was deposited, by the defendant in the Merchants? Bank of Baltimore, to the credit of the Treasurer of the United States, on the29th August, 1842.
"It is also agreed, that thq court may infer, fromthe facts herein-
before agreed .upon, whateve ,ajury might infer,.. " "If, upon the foregoing statement of. facts, the co. Asall be.of.
opini that the plaintiffs are, entitled to recover the above sum of eight thousdnd eight hundred and sixty-nine dollars and.twenty

12

S.UPREME COURT.

Aldridge et mL v. Williams.

cents, ($8,869 20,J or any part thereof, then judgment td be enter-

ed for the plaintifls, for the amount so determined to be due, with interest; if they-should be of opinion that the plaintiffi are not en-

titled to recover t all, then judgment to, he entered for defendant. "Itis -f-ther agreed, that this court enter up a judgment upon the-
aforegoing case stated, for, the defendant, and that the plaintiffs be at liberty to appeal, or prosecute a writ of error to the like effect and purport, as if the above facts were stated in a bill of exceptions,

and judgment rendered upon them for the defendant. .ccAnd it is farther agreed,-that either party shall be at liberty, in
the- Supreme Couty to- raise and argue, in that court, any points or questions which, it may appear to that -court, could be raised upon the.aforegoing facts.

2Pth4 'ov~vber, 1842.

REVERDY Jom01 ofor fPli7difs,
Z. CoLws LEE, U.& .Rttorn .?'

The court below gave judgment for the-defendint, and a writ of error brought the proceedings up. to. this court.

B. Johrsoni for t.e piainflfin-error.. X7lson, attorney, genera4, for the[efeildant.
IL Johnsonmade three pointsi 1. That when the duties -were,-exactti of, th plaiatiff.by'.the defendant, there was no law imposing a:y duies.ipomsueh an importatn.2. That- if there was, there was no law- authorizing their beiig

levied 6n- the home valuation, -and that 'the plaintiff is entitled .to recover the diffeterice stated in the record of $1539.
3.-hatif such-duties were in whole,*or'in part, exacted without law, the amouht nay be recovered in 'n action -for money.had and received, upon'the facts of this case...
He said that the jifdgmeiit below was proformia,and the question iaised by the first point was now for the first-time bjought before any court. The amount in all the cases -is.abouta million and a half. Before 1842; all duties were levied upon foreign Valuation. There are two constructions of the Constitution; one, that uinder it, there.
is a power to collect-revenue for- the sake of the revenue only; theother, for protection.. The act of, 1.833 vas a compromise betWeen these two. Each class was suppbsed to surrender something. -The' law was in ided to *terminateat a certain period, viz., 30th June,'
1842, and the question is, what was the condition of the revenuesystem after that day. Was there, any law to impose duties? We say not. From the history of the act and the act itself, we infer, that it was the intention of its framers to leave the subject wholly to Congress after 1842, The former attorney-general decided other-
%ise,and gave two opinions; but, upon examining them, we do not

JANUARY T ERM 1845.

13

Aldridge et al. v. Williahis.

find that clearness of conviction which he'always had when clear-
ness was attainable. He evidently doubted upon the subject. The secretary of the Treasury differed from him in opinion. The Committee of the House of Representatives reported unanimously that there was no authority to collect duties at after the 30th of.June, 1842. What -s the construction of the act, taken by itself, apart from its history? The title is, "An act to modify," &c., showing an intention to change the entire system, and make it just what this
law would leave ita,s if all other acts were specially repealed, The first two sections provide-for the period anterior to June, 1842, with:. odt sayinig what shall be done afterwards; the third says, that, until
that day, other laws, a* modified by this act, shall continue in force. Congress, theiefore, was not content with leaving the collection of duties as a matter of inferende, but gave an explicit direction that they should be collected, showing its opinion to be hat unless there was an express authority granted to the executive power to collect
t1h8e42m,oadnidliesd~.ydsutthya, ttchraetdbitrs asuhhallobfheeaebogliosvheerdn.ment would not'iave it all. The remainder of the section applies toBuattuipmorei awftheart Jisupthee,

padcatmymiisnesisniltterantoti.obne"coDaflucttuhileastegsdoh,vaeolrlrnbhmeoewlnati.md" uocnhBlyiusstuittfhlt~oeiebanemt?ofuonrtans:~pcaorntoomfitceal wanted from

yneoatrbetofyoreeasreceannin n1l8y3b3e. deTtehremreineisdawchoennsttahnet yreefaeirecnocmees, anid could

the discretion of. future Congresses.

in the act to Who was al ays

upon

the

amount

which

would

be

consistent

with

o decide an economical

administration? Not the executive, nor the judicary, but the

framers of the law well knew that

alone coul-d setoeonthgeress

annually recurring question. . What might be economy at one time,

might not at another. ,usng prospective

The at snays

such duties shall :be laidf.&c.,"

- terms. Againi e he aduties required to be

paid by law, ' imp.lies the phrase, "shall

that

the

law is

to be

passed

thereafter.

So,

be assessed, &c., under such regulations as may be prescribed by law." The object of the law is quite appaemit

It was to give quiet to the country for nine years, and then, the

gaomvoeurnmt eonft ewxapsentloitugroe obneiunngdesre.tatlnedecboynotmheicatlh~eandmCoinnigsrtreastsi.on, the The

only mode of assessing the duties then known, was to take the

faonrdeingn ovradleuratfiuornth;erbtuotpfrroatuedcst 'dwoemreestpircacitnisdeudstruy,nda r ih~tmethod3

was substituted. But as this would be different'in .the. home valuation

,cities, the mode of produtheg uniformity

resective 1ds-letfos the

and not the executive power.-

atibv*oeg

Th 4th section enlarge the list of free articles.

The 5th.provides also for free articles, and then says that '-' all

imports, &., may be admitted at such duty asCsalj be 1rovided for

by law. Why was that clause put in? -kThe revioustart of the

B

14

StTPR'EME. COtRT.

Aldridge et a]. v.-Wrilliams.

law substitutes cash for. credit, and home for foreign valuation. Supposing these to be positive enactments, what does the qlause in question -enact? No one -knew better than the franer of the law
that it contained nothing which could be enforced by t e judiciary. But it was a time when all parties united for great ojects; and though they knew that. it would bd idle.to attempt to-ttmmel and
tie up future Congresses, yet'they could chalk out a broad line, and rely upon the same patriotism which animated them, for its being followed out. The-limit was, that only such an amount of revenue slibuld be raised as was necessary for an. 6conomical administration ot-the govemment, and the duties were to be collected "under such regulations as may'be prescribed by law." Could they .suppose, when they used this language, that the regulations already existed upon. the statute-book? In the latter part of this section it is said, that importations may be admittedupon such duties not exceeding twenty per- cent. ",as may be provided -bylaw." What: does the -Liovernment say? That twenty per ceit. mist be paid, and the dis-
-cretion as to a lesser amount is.gone. ' The result of the argument will be, that the free articles'must~pay twenty per cent.. also,-because the government says this is 'the duty. If there was any duty at all after June, 1842, the exeeutive igit deduce his right to collect it from the 5th section, for -no preceding s~ction ixes the amount. But the 5th secti6n ircludes more articles than those paying upwards
- of twenty per cent., and there is no -process of reasoning by which one class ca-n be taken out-and the other left. - How, then, are free articles to get in-? The act shows that it was to.be done by subsequent legis=in. "B'utif any articles can be considered as free 'by the.op.eration of the act itself, the same reading will include piotected articleis, and. bring them in free-also. 'The words "as shall be
Provided'for by tlw" ride-overithe Vhole section. If the .attomeygeneral supposes that. these words'-mean'-such regulations as the 6xlcutive might make under prior laws, it appears to me that he
cQnifounds the--mode of-assessing. the duty with the power -to assess it. '-The 6pinion of the late attorney-genefal, -takes this ground. Suppo~e there was a prior law giving -to, the Treasury Department
the power of niaking. regulations- for the Cdolletion of the tax; this' onlyi reaches one- of the two things that must be -done, viz. 1st, a tax is to be imposed, and, 2d, the mode of collecting it-is to be pointed but.. But a power' to carry out the'second branch f-the proposition does not give to the-executive, an- authoxity to name the amount of the tax nor the articles upon .which it shall be levied. The ihfposition of a to& is a high exercisd of legislative power, and Congress could -not vest the executive -wth it. The act states
twenty per'cent. as a rhaximum, bit, within that, there is a disdretion 'to be exercised by Congress.. -There are .three classes of articles recog .ed in -the bill;. one paying more than twenty per cent. duty, oneiess, 'adthe third entirely free; Are- all. these to be taxed

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

'15

Aldridge et al.,v. Williami.

equally .th twenty per cent. ? If so, the language of the 1st section would have been different from what it is.
2. As to the history of the act, derived from the Journal of the Senate and Register of Debates.
The 3d section now has the "1domestic valuation under regulations to be prescribed by law." It was so in the original bill. 9.vol. Reg. Deb. part 1, pages 711-113.
Mr.,iDckinsbn proposed to strike out "by law," and insert " the secretary of the Trea§uryj with the approbationt of the .President,".
Mr. Clay said, ".leave it to a future Congress to legslate on the subject of the amendment." He "doubted th-e constitutional power to leave it to the executive;" and again, I'hc would not give them the power, for if they were opposed to' protection," &c.
The amendment was rejected by nearly a unanious vote. This. court has a right to look at the history ofthe blIn the discussion. of the liower -to create a Bank of the United States, the history of the country has cQnstantly beefi referred to; and so with regard to the power.of states to make insolvent laws. If the executive had the "poWer now contended for, it is because Congress failed t6 keep -it away when it- intended'so to. do. If the ground had been taken during the discussion of.the bill, which is now assumed on the vart ,of the .gov;i1ztnt, would the Senhte have acted as they did?
2dpoint." If we are not entitled to the. whole, we' ar to the diffe r ence between the home and foreign valuation. Suppose the twenty per cent. duty is to stand; if Congress.were to regulate the mode"of
assessment, and there is no law pointin out the manner of adopting the home valuation, the invoice. must be the guide. The secretary of the Treasuy issued two. different. regulatidns; I. That the appraisers should ascertain the burrent market value of the aricles, and
charge twenity per cent. upon it. - This, of course, included the first cost, duty, charges, and profit. All the .enter into the cash value, and
a duty upon the aggregate compelled.the'importer to pay a duty upon
the very duty itself. 2, The secretary directed that the amount of
duty.should be deducted fron the aggregate, and twenty per cent. charged. upon the residue, This plan might or night not have been just to the government. The secretary seems to have found so
much difficulty in supplying the want of legislation, that this court can scarcely feel itself warranted in sayingthat legislation existed.
3d point. -It is contended by the' other side,'that, even allowig" that this money was improperly exacted, an action for moniey had and received'will not lie against,the collector. The record says tlat th plaintifTs could not get. their goods without paying, and did ac-
cordingly pay, under a protest. This protest was notice to the collector not to pay over to the Tresury. That he was bound to pay. over, begs the whole -question- because, if the government had noright to exact it, the collector was..only an ordinary agent, and bound by the same rules. The suit was.brought on the day after the money

161

SUPREME 'COURT.'

Aldridge et aL r. Williams.

was paid over, and this.circumstance is thought by'the opposite counsel to shake a difference, and t6free the collector from 'responsibility. .But.if the pendency of a suit would protect the collector, the existene of a nbtice would do- the same thing. An action for "money
had-and received" is the proper -one,in all cases like this. If the other-side are right, all that the collector has to do.is to.pay over the money immediately to the Treasury, and we must then fight it out with the government. But -thiss not the intention of the law. The
moment that the collector received our money,. our right of action commenced, and notling that h6 caan do can divest us of thie right which has accrued.

-Nelson, attorney-genera., for defendant,- made the two following.p.oi1n.ts:T-hat the amount of duties as aforesaid, paid bythe-plpaintiff in error, upon the goods, wares, .and merchandise imported by them into the port of-$altimore, was properly demanded by the .defendant
in error,- under the provisions of the act, of' the 2!. of March;- 1833, entitled "An adt to modify the"act of the 14th of July, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-twQ, and all other acts imposing duties on
imports." 2. That.even assuming the same to have been demanded without
authority of law, the -action for money had and received, instituted by 1e plaintiffs against-the defendant iij error in the court below, was
not maintainable. The first proposition jnv6lves two inquiries: 1st. "Whether any duties were, collectable .under-the act of the 2d
of March, 1833?7 2d. If so collectable, by what rule were they to be-ascertained and
assessed? 1st. It is admitted that prior to, the act of March, 1833, the goods
in quetion were subject to a duty of more'than twentyper cent., by virtue. of the act of 14th July, 1832, to be assessed according to the rules prescribed by'hat act. The question then is, how fpr have the provisions of the act of' 1832 been " ehangod by that of 183.3? All
are'familiar with the nature and. caiuge of the Compromise Act. "It bears upon its face marks of a friendly spirit between the advocates of two very different classes -of opiions. As a statute, it is singularly constructed. It states politidal propositions, promises money, prohibits money, but enacts few things' But the only question before us is, to what extent has it changed the law of 1832? -Itcdnsist of six
sections, the 2d and 4th of. which are not- material- to the present *iqmry..
The lst section carries out the purpose ' indicated in the preamble, and provide .ttiat from- and. after the BOth of June, 1842, a duty of twenty per cent. is to be collected upon all goods -imported into-the, United -States, and embraced within its terms. "tdeals only with'the

3ANUARY .TERM, 1845.

17

Aldridge et al. v. Williams.

excess above twenty per"cent, and provides.for its gradual dimmu-

tion; but the dutv then existing, of twenty per cent., is no where

repealed. Reducing it to twenty is not repealing the twenty. The

section is therefore equivalent to a frsh and positive enactment that

a duty of twenty per cent. should be collected after June, 1842. But

it is thought that this effect of the 1st section is contr6lled by the

subsequent sections. Let us examine them seriatim.

The 3d contains ive distinct propositions, viz.:

1. That ilntil the 30th day of June, 1842, the dutiespiposed by

the 1st section shall retiin nd corititie to be~collected.

%. That all duties theieafter shall be collected in readymoney, and

all credits abolished.

3. That all duties shall be laid for the purpose of raising revenue

nec&ssary to an economical administratiQn of the government.

4. That a home valuition shall be adopted.

5. That the regulations for the assessment shall be provided-br law.

It is said.thal the first of these propositions limits the-duration of

the act to 30th- June, 1842, and then repeals it. ' But it is merely

declaratory of the existing law, and provides that the mQde an4 man-

ner of collecting the duties should continue the same until 'June,

1842, when a new mode and manner of collection was to be pursued.

It does not repeal the 1st section either expressly or by implication;

because,;if such had been the intention of-the legislatme,-the expres-

sionis used woild: have, been co-extensive :with those -of the 1st sec-

tion; and the language of the 1st section provided for the state of

things after June, 1842, whereas-that of the clause which is said to

repeal it, stops short at that day. Besides, the provision is merely

affirmative in rdgard to.the act of 1832, which was in its terms a per-.

petual act. -An affirmative provision never repeals, where a perma-

nent law is re-enacted for a time. Sir Thos. Raymond, 397.

2d proposition. This clause is operative 'by the mere force of its

terms--pprro - rigore. It establishes the system of cash, arid abolishes, credit dutiUs, but the duties upon *hich it is to .operate are

those provided for in the 1st and 2d sections. It does not profess

to change-them in amount, but merely the mode in -which they

shall be paid; and can be read'in connection with the 1st sectibn so

as to be perfectly consistent with it, except that it repeals the credit

system.

3d proposition. This is a mbre declaration or promise of What

should be done by future'legislatures--of itself inoperative. It varies

no duty; abolishes none; establishes none. It therefore leaves the

1st section in full operation.

4th proposition. This establishes a principle -and .enacts a law,

viz.: that the duty shall be calculated on the value of the goods at'

the place of importation, after 30th of June, 1842. Its effect is to

repeal the mode of ascertainment provided in the act of 1832. It

was a strong provision for the protection of home industry, and jeo-

VOL. M.-3

B 2

Is

SUPREME COURT.

Aidridge et al. v. Williams.

pardect the bill. But does it repeal the 1st section? Or does it not rather recogonise the continued existence of the duties laid in that seetion? The duties are to be collected in cash. What duties? Not those thereafter to be laid, but those then imposed.
.5th proposition. This points to the mode in which such home va-
luation shall be established,'by directing that the "repulations shall be prescribed by law'" I is said that the existence of these regulations is a pre-requisite to the power of colleting. Assuming this to be so, what would be the legal effect? Only to leave the duties to be ascertained as they were by the act of 1832. If this clause should become inoperative-by lefislative omission, it cannot repeal the other provisions of the act. fhis will be considered more particularly hereafter. The result is, that the third section of the act, when analysed into its five propositions, mcdified the act of 1832 in but twoparticulars, viz.: by introducing cash duties and a home valuation.
The 4th section, as has already been stated, can have no bearing upon the question, as it is temporary in its character. 1stLseetcutisonp?roceIet dprtov~itdhes'5othnlysethcatitcnCofngtrheessacmt.ay Dreodeusciet rthepeewalhothlee
dities below twenty per cent., in case there should be a redundancy of money in the treasury, or raise them to twenty upon free articles, in case there should be a deficiency. How is this inconsistent with the 1st section? It made no change in it, but only reserves a power which exis ed without such reservation. We must harmonize these
sections, if possible: The rule which requires us to do so is sowell known that it is useless to cite authorities e support of it. A reser-

-vationof power to legislat -is not legislation:. -It would be extraordinary that in a case Qf mutual concession, all duties ould be repealed, and the manufacturing interest left without any protectio

at all. The 6th setion provades "that o much of the act of 1832, or

of any other act, as is inconsistent with this act, is-hereby repealed." The rate of duties differing from the act of 1833 the credit on

dusertes t

ieonle-Tes mawecree by theact of 1833, are in-

onsistent with this act, and necessarily repealed by it. But the pro-

visions of the act which merely contemplate future legislation, and yt enact nothing in themselves, such as that "duties shall be laid

for the purpose of raising necessary revenue only;" that goods paying less6than twenty per cent. ad valorem, may be admitted at such
duty, not exceeding twenty per cent., as .may be provided by law;" that "the duties shall be assessed upon the valuethereof at the port of entryi, nder such regulations as may be prescribed by law;" (un-

der the assuimption before- stated,) are inconsistenit with no previously existn lahw. sisAtenptrwomithiseatnoexpiasstsinag llaaww.Jtsoocahsantgoe rtehpeeTalateit obfefdouretyt,h.ies pnrootminisceoni-s
e"eute . The future legislation contemplated has not been had;

JANUARY TERM. 1845.

19

Aldridge et al. v. Williams.

the only thing done is by the act of the 11th of September, 1841,. which provided that all articles imported after the 30th of September, 1841, which paid less than twenty per cent. or came free, shouldbe subject to a duty of twenty per cent., with certain exceptions.
Let us now return to the consideration of the fourth proposition of the 3d section, respecting the home valuation, and inquire whether the power to collect duties upon it did not exist under the acts of 1832 .and 1833, notwithstanding the omission of Congress to legis-
late as to regulations. Omitting the qualification of the clause, was it not susceptibl of
execuffon under the act of 18-32? 1. The 7th section of the- act of. 1832 contains a principle
which is as applicable to home as to foreign valuation. It directs the actual value to be appraised by the collector, a.id provides for
duties then or thereafter imposed. Value is what a thing is worth in the market, and the law that provides for ascertaining it by the judgment of appraisers in one, place, lays down a principle by
which it may be ascertained everywhere. 2. By the 15th section a rule of ascertainment is prescribed by
adding insurance. 3. But supposing these sections insufficient, still the 9th section
of the act vests the secretary of the Treasury, under the direction of the President, with power. to prescribe regulations, &c. Doc. 261, pp. 6, 7; Executive Doe., 27th Cong., 2d sess.,.Yol. 5, opinion
of Mr. Legar6. But suppose that regulations by Congress were-necessary, instead
of being made by'the secretary. They would only be~directory to gvem the officers of the customs. The principle is established by the law. Regulations are not wanted to settle the rights of merchants or the amount of the tax, for the affiount is fixed at twenty per cent., and this court decided in Wood's case that merchants
must pay the amount of duty whether the custom-house officers acted rightly or not. The record admits that twenty per cent. was fairly paid on a home valuation. A duty thus imposed by the law
becomes a personal debt. 13 Peters, 493. The government could recover the amount although the officers gave up the goods without any bond; and money thus properly paid cannot be recovered back.
1 T. R. 286.
But it has been said that the statute in question may be explained by extrinsic parol evidence of the meaning of the legislature which passed it. Now I hold, 1st, That you cannot look, in interpreting an
act, beyond the terms of the act itself and the particular historical
circumstances out of which it grew, and, 2d, That if you can, the evidence which has been invoked proves nothing.
As to the first proposition, see Dwarris on Statutes, 48 ; 15 Johnq, 380, 395 ; 2 Peters,,662 ; 1 Kent's Coin. 461 ; Opinions of Attor-
neys-General, Mr.. Wirt's opinion, 444. 445.

20

SUPREME'COURT.

Aldridge et a],.,..Williams,

If'every member of the ~egislature had -preferred that the regula-

tions undek the act of 1832 siould not have been sanctioned by that of, 1883, it would not have been effective to repeal the act of 1832, unless they had -expessed their wish in a legislative form.

But 2d, what does the deb'lte prove? Mr. Dickinson's proposition was to strike out the paragraph respecting a' future law and insert

an adoption of that of 1832. Upon what principle was it rejected?

Merely giving

ibtectoautshee Ceoxnegcreustisvei;i.tenEdveedn

tosurpepseorsvineg thtehapt oywoetlr

iknnsetwadtho~ef

msenntaantiviges oufntdheersStoeondat-e,thWe ou'alwd itsof?olloAwt thpaatgethe71H5o, usMer.ofRRoebpbrinesprergouploasteiodn,atnheamlaewndsmhoeunltd, tcheaatseif; Canodngtrheisss wsahsoureldjecotemdi.t' toMmr.akWeil-a kins, in his speech, said thatw-the law was notto be expounded by the declaration of any senatoi.
But suppose I am wrong in all this, 'still say that the collector
ims onnoyt :iplleergsoalnlayl,lyanrdesphoanssinboltei.ce, Iheciosnlcieadbele.t'haBt uitfthaenreagenat d.iesx'tiancot-s tion between voluntary and involuntary payments. 10 Peters, 137; 13 Peters,. 267. These cases were before the act of 1839, "ad under them Mr. Hoyt claimed a right to retain money in his hands

tvoenmt etehtisprportaecsttisc.e, Tanhde wacitsoffou3nddMedarcuhp;on18M39r,. wGarsunpdayss'sedoptoinpiorne.,

trheaptormteodneiyns Opapiidniotn&scoofllecAttotorsrneshyasl-lGnenoetrable, ph.eld128b7y. temThisb' auctt sshaaylsl

be placed to the credit of the treasurer of the Unied States. It contains two provisions.
1. 'That the collector shall pay over to the treasurer.

S2. of

eIt T,crereaastuersyatoremderdawy fohris thwe'aprraarntyt

buypoanuththoeriztirnegastuhrcersefcorretathrye

amount to be refunded. How can an importer, since this act, bring

a personal action against the collector? This action of assumpsit is

founded on an implied promise. But will the law imply a promise

in the faceotheo of aof 1839 which directs all moneys, whether

received properly or improperly by the collector, to be paid imme-

diately over to the treasurer? The case in 10 Peters, 154, sanc-

tions a collector's retaining nioney if it is paid under a protest, but

this was before the act of 1839. If he had given a bond ndt to pay

it over, the bond would have been void. If then he cannot retain

the money without violating the laws, how can a promise to retain

it be implied? If an agent, acting in the execution of a duty, endorses a bill, he
is not personally liable. 5 Price, 664. Nor will a suit lie against

an agent who pays over. 4 Cowen, 456. And a case inWheaton carries the doctrine further still, thatan
officer of government is not personall responsible for torts. 3 Wheat.

246.

JANUARY TE.RM, J,84.

21

Aldkidge eitaL v. Williams.

Johmon, in reply and conclusion. Let us -consider in the first place the point Just raised, viz.,"that Sw.cannot recovei because the collector has paid the money over to the government. We say, 1. That there is no such general principle.
2. That.the act ot 1839 did not establish it. 3. That if it.did, the act would be uhconstitutional and void. 1. The- original -cases .establish that where payment has bden made to an agent, who has paid it over without notice, the agent is not responsible. But if there be'liotice, he is. 10 Peters, 154;
13 Pete&s, 267; 3 Wheat. 246; 4 Cowen, 456-458; 9 JOhns. 201. . 2. It is said, however, that the act.of 1839 has changed the law
in this respect. It is probable that collectors sqmetimeg retained too much, and if 'so, the act was right'. But it.,only*iakes-a rule between the government imd its officer, without interferig with the rights of the'merciant. The 2d section says, "-paid inder protest against the rate-of duty,?' but doesnot include cases:inlwhich it is alleged -thattheie is no duty at all. -If the argument on -the other side be correct, there can be no suit at all again-st-any collector, and the President has only to instruct him to seize upon any -man's goods that he.chooses.- "
3. Would.such a law be consitutional? . It is unnecessary to. enlarge upon the doctrines, that the government has only limited powers, and that its fundamental principal is,
the sacrednesi of. private property, which is not to be taken. without law. .The true consruction of'the act of 1839 must be, that the secretary'of the Treasury. is to dmav his warrant for whatever amount may be recovered against. the ollector, and noti.that he is vested with discretionary power whether to refund or not;- It would not be .justice to tunr a citizen over for redress to the very government which has injured him.
But, to pursue the argument,
1. Were we bound to pay any thing at all? 2. If so, how nuch,- on the home or foreign valuation? The first point turns on the act of Marc, 1833, which it is desirable to construe by its own terms only, but if this is difficult, we have a right to resort to its history. The 1st section provides for reductions until.June, 1842.., After that timey was there any law for the collection of duties? We say not. Up to that day there can bE no doubt of the existence of a duty, or that it was levied on the foreign valuation. It is true, that if the law had stopped there, the duty would have continued. 'But that is not all the law. It in-. tended to provide ,also for a time subsequent to June, 1842, in some particulars; as for example, payment in ready money and a home
valuation. The 3d "sectionsays, that until June, 1842, the duties shall remain

22

SUPREME COURT.

Aldridge et al. v. Williams.

and be collected. If they courd already be collected by existing laws, these words are superfluous. It must be read-as if the words "and no longer" were inserted. After Juno, 1842, the act says, that only spch an amount of 'evenue shall be raised as is necessary for an economical administration of the government. Was this a
twenty per cent. duty? Who can tell ? It was impossible to say, nine years in advance, what sum would be necessary. It was to be collected, too, in a different mode; a home valuation was introduced for the first time. The act of 1832 directed appraisers to- ascertain the foreign valuation.. It is said by the other side, that it is easy to add charges, &c.i and then you ascertain the home valuation. But
this is not so, because the value at home fluctuates from a variety of causes. There is a great difficulty in carrying out this principle of home valuation, because the Constitution requires duties to-be uniform in all the ports. This very subject was the great objection to the Compromise Act. Ought it to have been left to the executive? It is said, that the act of 1832 had so referred it. But not so. That.
act only authoriz-ed the executive tog ard against fraud. Knowing - the difficulty of excuting the duty, Congress would not have so lef it. 'There is little or no difference between giving the executive
power to impose a tax, and-power to direct the mode of levying it. In fact, the secretary of the Treasury issued three diferent"regulations on the subject. If previous laws gave the pbwer to the executive, why were the .words insetted, "under such regulations as may be prescribed by law." Mr. Legar6 says, it. means, 1"may or may not be prescribed;" and that " may" is not imperatiye.
The 4th section of the act is said to have no bearing upon the present point; but I do not so consider it. It piovides for free ar-
ticles until June, 1842, after-tat time, they fall back into their former class. But the section contemplates fresh legislation, when it says, that goods shall be admitted on such terms as shall be pre-
scribed by law. Why put this in,unless it.was thought that there would be no law,, unless one were'passed? The last part of the 3d section ought to be read as if it were part of the 1st. If you put
them together, the sense is clear; and their meaning is, that there is no duty after 1849, unless by the passage of another law.
What will you do with the artitles-eninerated in the 4th section? After 1842, they must go -back to their former class. But this would
interfere with the basis of the compromise. If the other side i§ right,
these articles must be tqxed again, and, not being includedwithin the Ist section, might be taxed more than twenty per cent. But this was not the meaning. The compr6mise act was more like a triaty, of peace than a law; but the parties could not see as far as 1842. 'One thought that free trade, and the other, protection, would ,by that 'line be the settled policy of the country, and therefore both agreed iWrefeiring the whole matter to future legislation. They in-

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

2

Aldridge..et al. v. Williams.

tended to lay down certain general rules, which they expected to have a commanding influence.
The 5th section was not in the bill when originally reported. Why was it put in? See Mr. Clay's speech, Reg. Deb., vol. 9, part 1, p. 463. The original bill provided, 'that after 1842, the duty should be twenty per cent.; but this was stricken out, and a clause inserted, that Congress should provide,'&c. Temporarysystems of legislation have often been adopted.
As to "1regulations to be prescribed by law:'-The debates show, that a proposition was distinctly made, by Mr. Dickinson!, to leave them to the executive, and rejected, because it was doubted whether it was a power appropriate to the executive. The action of the 27th Congress shows its opinion. A bill passed with much unanimity to continue duties, but failed to become a law in consequence of one controverted point. But the message of the President admitted
that a law was desirable. Taxation should l'e clearly imposed and only by law, not by the discretion-of the executive. '
Ought the duty to have been levied on a home valuation?There was no law for this, even if the 1st section continued a duty of twenty per cent. It was to be carried out under regulations to be prescribed by law, and none were prescribed. The friends of protection refused to pass the law, unless a hoiae valuation were inserted, and they were unwilling to leave the matter to the executive, because, if hostile to protection, he might destroy it. The diffeience in this small invoice is $1500.
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.
This suit comes before the court upon a case stated, and is brought here by writ of error from the Circuit Court for the district of Mary-
land. The case in its material circumstarices is this: On the 20th of August, 1842, the plaintiffs in error imported into
the port of Baltimore, from Liverpool, certain merchandise particuJarly set forth in the record, which, at the port of Baltimore, was of the value of $44,346, as ascertained by appraisement at the custom-house. Upon these goods the defendant in error, who was at that time the collector, acting in pursuance of orders and regulations made by the Treasury Department under the direction of the-President, demanded for duties twenty per cent. upon the value so ascertained which amount was paid bythe plaintiffs in error under protest; and this action instituted .ainst the collector for the purpose of recovering back the money. TIere are some other circumstances mentioned in .the case stated, but -in the view which the court takes of the subject it is unnecessary to recapitulate them. The judgment of the Circuit Court was in favour of the defendant.
The great question intended to be tried is, whether, under the act of Congress of March 2, 1833, the government was authorized to

24-

SUPREME COURT.

Aldridge et al. v. Williami.

collect any'duties upon goods imported afterthe.30th of June, 1842,

without theaid of f~ither legislation by Congress?

In exp6unding this,law, thejudgment of the court cannot, in any

degree, be influenced-by the construction placed'upon ic by indivi-

dual members of Congress in he debate which took place on its pas-

sage, nor by the motives or reasons assegd by.them for suppori

or opposing amendments that were offered.' -The law as it passed is the will of the najority of both houses, and the only mode'in which

that will .is spoken is in the act itself- and we must gather their in-

tention '6m-the -language the're used, comparing it, when any ambiguity existsywith the laws upon the' same subject, and. looking, if

necessary, to the public history of the times in which it was passed. The act in question is certainly not free from difficulty; and'this

difficulty arises from, its pculiar. character. It is dommonly called

the Compromise Aqt; and upon the face of it, it is evident.that some-'

thin 9winatended beyond the'ordinary scope of legislation. Pro-

visions are introduced in relation to 'the future action of Congress

upon the -tariff which can only-be accouted for. by regarding the

act as a compromise of conflicting opinions on that subject, whereby

a certain scale of duties -was fixed- upon and established until June 30, 1842, aid certain leadin principles agreed upon, by which,

after that time, it was proposed to regulate the action ofCongress,

and the latter, as well as the former, inserted in the law in the forms of legislation.. That this. wbs the case is.abundanly manifested by

s~veral clauses in the act, and particul rly in the 6th and last sec-

tion, which provides that-nothing contained in the act shall be construed to'prevent the passage, prior or subsequent to the 30th ofJune,

1842, of laws to prevent and punish evasions of the dutiet imposed

*by law, nor to prevent the passage, of any act prior to the day last

mentioned, in the contingency of either excess or deficiency of the

revenue, altering the rates of duties on articles which, under the act

of July 14, 18'32 were subject'to a less rate of duty than twenty per cent., in such manner as not to exceed that rate, and so as to adjust

the revenue to either of the aforesaid contingencies. Now it is im-

possible to sippose that Congress could have doubted its power to

repeal, or modif afterwards, the.dutis imposed by this act, in such

mwhaonnmerigahst thatetepmupbtlicto eexvigaednecioetfhs ethmediugrtheievtsernieumqeup, iorasene, ddo'rbtoiytsppuonwisehratnoypoanses

laws to secure thecoiection

an act of'Con-

gress. If there had been nofin in this law out of the ordinary course of legislative action,,it.wouldI hardly have been deemed necessdaoruybtoede, nacnudbwehriciht wCiothngthreessse wreassercvoantitoinnus aollfypaeoxwerecri,sinwghiuchponnoebvoedryy

other subject. These provisions strongly mark its peculiar character. Aagnrdeemtheinstsassfoorciafutitounre ofacptioosni,tivheasanpderhiamppseruantiavveoideanbalcytmoecnctsa,siownietdh some obscurity, and, as to some of the clase, made it difficult at

JANUARY TERMr I845.

25

Alid.ridge et al. V. -Williams.

first sight to say whether the language was mandatory, or merely deL

clared the principles by which it waq pioposed that the" legislation of.

-Congress should afterwards be goveined.

Taking this view, of its general character and objects, the very

large sum ultimately'inyolved in the controversy makes it the duty of

the court to proceed to a closer and riore careffl examination of its different provisions. It is evidently supplementary to the act of July

14, 1832, and repeals only so much of thafact, and of other previous

acts, as are inconsistent with it. All of the duties, therefore, imposed

by the act of 1832, or any other law, and al the rules and regulations provided for their collection, remain ihi full force, unless they are in-.

consistent-with the act in questiom

'The point to be determined then is, whether, after the 30th of June,

1842, the collection of duties imposed by the act of 1832, or by any other law as modified by the'act of 1833, is inconsistent with the last

mentioned act. In other words, whether it repeals all previous'laws imposing duties after the time'above mentioned; and if it does not,

wlether it has falled to provide the necessary rules and regulations to enable~the proper officers to collect them.

The 1st sectioii declares that all"duties above twenty per cent. ad

valorem, imposed by the act of 183.2, or any previous laws, shall be

reduced annually, at the rate therein mentioned, umitl the 31st of December; 1841; and that, after that time, the one-half of the excess tabove twenty per cent. shall be deducted; and from and after the

30th of June, 1842, the other half shall be deducted. Here the-section stops; and so far, therefore, from repealing the whole duties, it

by necessary implication continues a duty of twenty per cent. after

the 30th of June, 1842; for the direction to deduct the'excess above that sum presupposes that a duty'to that amount is imposed ad to

be collected. The language used is equivalent to a positive enactment, that from and after -&b 30th 6f June, 1842,' the gogds.therein

mentioned shall be charged with thaf duty. The 2d section is to the same effect. For after modifying the
duties imposed by the act of 1832, in regard to the articles men-

tioned in that qection, it declares that. these-duties shall be liable to

the same deductions as are prescribed in the 1st sevtion-that is to

say, the excess over twenty per cent. remaining on the 30th of June, 1842, is to be deducted; and consequently very' clearly imp'lying

that twenty per cent. is to be charged and collected after that period.

The 3d section provides that the duties imposed by. existing laws,

as modified by that act, shall remain and continue to be collected until the 30th of June, 18.42; that after that time, all duties shall be

collected in ready money; and that such duties shall be laid as are necessary to an economical administration of the government, anmd

shall be assessed upon the value of the goods at the port where they

are entered, " under such regulations as may be prescribed by law."

The latter words of this section relate merely to -the regulations

VOL. III.-4

C

26

SUPREME COURT.

Aldridge ei al. v. Williams.

by which the duties'were. to be collectdd after the time specified, and that part of the controversy will be hereafter considered. The points to which oui attention is now directed is, whether, under this and the preceding acts of Congress, any duties continue to be im-
posed; in other words, .whether they were not all repealed by this act after the 30th of June, 1842. Certainly the provision that they shall be paid in cash, and assessed upon the hdme valuation, is no
repeal. Can the provision, that such duties should be laid, after the time above mentioned, as were necessary to an economical administration of the government, be construed to repeal all the duties ex-
isting at that time? We'think not. The court are not authorized to decide upon the amount of revenue necessary to an economical administration of the government. It is a question for the leislature.. And the provision in this clause of the section addresses itself
to future legislative bodies, and*nat to the tri*bunals and officers
whose duty it is to carry into execution the laws of Congress. And we should hardly be justified, by any rule for the judicial interpreta-
tion of statutes, in pronouncing .teims like these to be an implied repeal of all duties after the time specified, when that construction would make the law inconsistent with itself, by repealing, in the 3d
section, the duties it had continued in force in the 1st and 2d. On the contrary, the true judicial inference would rather seem to be,
that it was supposed, at the time of the passage of the act, that the modified duties remaining unposed on the 30th of June, 1842, might
produce the proper amount of revenue to be levied with a view to the economical administration of the government; but leaving it to Congress, when the time arrived, to alter and modify them in the manner and for the purposes specified in this act.
The 4th section merely provides that certain enumerated articles shall be admitted to entry free from duty from December 31st, 1833,
until the 30th of June, 1842, and therefore contains nothing hat can influence the decision of the court.
The 5th section declares cerfain articles free after the 30th of June,
1842, and then provides, that all imports on which the 1st section operates, and all articles, which were at the time of the passage of
the law admitted to entry free from duty, or paying a less rate of duty than twenty per cent. ad valorem, before the 30th day of June, 1842, may be admitted to entry subject to such duty, not exceeding twenty per cent. as shall be provided for by law; and this section,
as well as the 3d, has been much relied on in opposition to the duty claimed by the government. But is it not like the clause in the 3d, of which we have already spoken, the language of compromise and agreement, and addressed to those who should !be afterwards called upon to legislate oi the subject, rather than to*the administrative tribunals and officers of the country? It reserves to Congress the right to reduce the duties continued.by the 1st section
below twenty per cent.; to inkpose duties on free articles, and to

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

27

Aldridge et a]. v. Williams.

raise duties which were below twenty per cent. up to that amount. Yet nobody could hive supposed that Congress would not have-the power to do all this, if, it thought proper to exercise it, without any
reservation of this description. The clause obviously was not introduced to reserve power, but with a view to the manner in which it should afterwards be exercised. As a mere question of power, Congress undoubtedly had authority, after the 30th June, 18492, as well
as before, to impose any duties it saw fit upon the articles referred to, or upon any other imports. And it cannot be supposed that the
Congress of 1833 intended to restrict, by force of law, the rights of a future Conress. Yet if we lose sight of the compromise character of the act, and treat it as an ordinary act of legislation, we should be bound to 'say, from the language uied, that the Congress of 1833 suppo.ed that the modifications of the revenue made by them could not be altered by a subsequent legislature,'unless the right to do so was expressly 'reserved. No one would think of placing such a construction upon the section in question; and the difficulty is
removed when we look at it in vhat we doubt not is its true light, and regard it as a compromise of conflicting opinions, which it was believed would be afterwards respected, when it had thus been solemnly set forth in a law. In this view of the subject, it is not
repugnant to the 1st and-2d sections, and leaves the duties retained by them in full force after the 30th of June, 1842, until they.should be altered by subsequent legislation.
The 6th and last section, the contents of which have been already stated, still more clearly marks the character of the act; and upon a view of the whole law, the court are of 6pinion that the duties which were in force on the first of July, 1842, continued in force, until
they were afterwards changed by act of Congress.
This brings us to the 'remaining inquiry, whether, after the 30th'
of-June, 1842, there were any regulations in force, by which the officers of the nvenue were authorized to collect the duties which had not been repealed by the act of 1833 ; and this question maybe disposed of in a few words, as. it rests altogether- upon the 3d section, the material parts. of which have been already stated.
Before the passage of the act of 1833, there were certainly regu-
lations prescribed by law, abundantly sufficient for the collection of the revenue. The clause at the close of the 3d section, which
directs that after the time so often referred to, the duties shall be assessed upon the value at the port where the goods are entered, "under such regulations as may be prescribed by law," can scarcely be considered as an implied repeal-of all previous regulation§ ; for' it does not confine the regulations spoken of 'to such as might afterwards be enacted, but uses the oridinary legislative language
appropriat6 to 'the subjecf, which naturally'and -evidently embraces all regulations lawfully existing at the time. the home duties went
into opera'dor, whether made befoie or afterwards. 'They can, by

28

SUPREME COURT.

Alaridge et al. v. Williams.

no just :rule of- constructi6n, be held to repeal pre-existing ones, nor. to require any new legislation upon the subject, unless it should turn out that those already in force were insuifcient for the
purposes But it has been urged that this clause, taken in connection with
the new rule of home valuatioui,-then for the first time established,
and to-which they refer, shows that new regflations were contem"plated, inasmuch as the 'existing legislation upon that subject had been directed altogether to the value at the place of export. This argument would undoubtedly be entitled to great wiight, if the subsisnng rules and regulations could not be applied to this new mode of assessing the duties. But if the regulations already in force were applicable to this new state of. things, there is no reason for- concluding that there was any intention to repeal them, even although it should appear that they had been framed with a view to the foreign value, and should be found more .difficult of execution, and less satisfactory in-the result, when applied to the" value at the port
.ofentry. The most important regulations in relation to this part of the case
are contained in the 7th, 8th and 9th sections of the act of July 14th, 1832. -It is true, that these regulations point to the value of the goods af the place of export;. and many of the powers particularly conferred on the apprasers would not assist them in ascertaining the value at the place of import, and could not be used for that purpose.
But the substantial and manifest object of these regulations is to enable the proper officers to determine the amount, upon which the rate of impost fixed by law is chargeable; and if the place, with reference to which the valuation is to be made, is changed, it does not by iny means follow, that the powers before given to .the officers, and the duties imposed upon them, are not*still to be exercised and performed so far as they are applicable to the new-state of things. The object and intention of the valuation is still the same.. It is to execute the law, and to assess and collect the duty ,prescribed.
Thus, for example, the 7th section of the act of 1832 declares, among other things, that it shall be the duty of the appraisers, and of every person acting as such, by all reasonable ways or means in his power, to, ascertain, estimate, and appraise the true and actual value of the goods, at the time purchased and the place from which they were imported. The place of valuation is afterwards changed by hle act of 1833, 6ind the duty imposed according to the valu at the home port. It would be a most unreasonable interprqtadion f the law, to say, thai the appraisers must still go through the ceremony of estimating the valke at the foreign port; or, that the mere change of place-repealed the authority to value at all. In both cases the only object of the appraisement is to ascertain the sum upon which the duty is to be calculated; and the value of the goods at the foreign
port, or at the home port, is of no importance to the public except in

JANUARY TERM,1845.

29

Aldridge et al. v. Williams.

so far as it fixes the sum upon which the collector is to levy the rate of duty directed by law.
The 9th section makes it the duty of the secretary of the. Treasury, *under the direction of the President, from time to time to establish such rules and regulatins, not incQnsistent with the laws of the
United States, as the President shall. think.proper, to secure a just, faithful, and impartial appraisal of all goods,- wares, .andmerchandises, as aforesaid imported into the United States, and just and,
proper entries of such actual *alue thereof, and of the square yards, parcels, or other quantities, as the case may rxquire, and- of such' actual value of every, of them; ahc it is made the duty of the sedretary of the Treasury to report all such rules and regulations; with the
reasons therefoi, to the next session of Congress. It is very clear that any regulation ;within the authority thus given, are regulations prescribed by law. -And although. this section, as well as the others before mentioned, und6ubte'lly contemplated the value at the foreign
port, yet when the valuation is transferred to a home port, it whs still the duty of the secretary of the Treasury to frame rules and regulations to ascertain the value upon which the la:w directed that the duty should be-assessed. For -this is the only object of the appraise-
ment, an the only purpose for which rules-and regulations are fo be framed.
Indeed; when it is evident that ufider the act of. 1833 certain
duties, as thereii modified, were continuea after the 30th of June; 1842, it would scarcely consist with judicial luty, to give dn"over-
technical construction to- dbubtfil words, which would make the legislature inconsistent with itself, by imposing.a duty on goods im-. ported, and-at the same time repealing all laws by which that duty
could be collected. "For :it cannot be supposed that Congress, in qne and the same law, could so have intended; and such an intention ought not\to be implied, unless it was apparentfrom'unequivocallanguage. We think that there -are -no words in the act of 1833, from wich such a design can fairly be inferred..
It. appears from the case stated, that thle. goods in question were subject to a duty of twenty per cent. -under the .1st -section. of the last mentioned dct; and that the duties in this case were assessed accordingly upon the value of the goods at the port itwhich they entered, as ascertained and appraised under the rules and regulations established by the secretaiy of the Treasury'under the direction. of
the President. In the opinion of- the" court, they were lawfilly assessed and collected, and ihe judgment of the Circuit Court is therfore afffrmea.
We forbear to express an opinion upon the construction of the act of 1839, which was argued in this case, because 'it isunderstood that other cases are standing for argument, in -Whichthat question alone is involved; and it is proper to give the parties an oppiortunity - of being heard before'the point-is decided.
c12-

80

SUPREME COURT.

Aldridge et al. v. williams.

Mr. Justice'McLEAN. The decision of this case turns upon the construction of the act of 1833, and as I differ from the opinion of a majority of the judges, I will state, in a few words, my views upon-the subject. ,The 1st section of the act provides, that ten per cent. on the existing duties' shil be deducted annually, until the duties shall be re-
duced to twenty per cent. The 3d-section declares- "ihat until the 30th day of June, 1842,
the duties imposed by existing laws, as modified' by this act, shall 'remain and continue. to be collected. And from and after the day last aforesaid, all duties upon imports shall be collected in ready money; and 'all'credits now allowed by law, in the -payment of duties, shall be, and are hereby abolished; and such duties shall be laid, for the purpose-of raising such revenue as may be necessary to an.economical administration of the government; and from and after the day last aforetaid, the duties required to be paid by law on goods,
wares, and merchandise, shall be assessed upon the value thereof, at 'the port where the same shall be entered; under such regulations as may be provided by law."
The above sections can scarcely be misapprehended by any one. -
The 1st section reduces existing duties, in a time and manner stated, to twenty per cent. And the 3d section provides,, ' that until the, 30th of June, 1842, the duties imposed by existing laws, as modified by that act, shall remain and continue to be collected. Now the inference is irresistible, that after the above date, the duties shall not bt collected finder those laws. And this is shown conclusively by the 5th section, which provides, that all imports on which the 1st section of the act may operate, and all articles then admitted to entry free from duty, or paying a less rate of duty than twenty pe- centum, ad valorem, before the said 30th day of June, 1842, from and after
that day, may be admitted to entry subject to such duty, not exceeding twenty per centu, 'ad valorem, as shall be provided by law.'?
Now, these are not terms of compromise, but of enisctment.- After

the day specified, the law declares, that the tluties shall not exceed

twenty per cent. This, like all other laws, was liable to be re-

pealed, expreinly or The duties are no't

by to

implication. But it exceed twenty per

cisenltsa,wb, uunt titlhasto

rdeopeesalendo.t

establish them at twenty per cent.

The 6th The twenty

'section per cen,

of the duties,

act by

trheipseaaclst,

walelrelawtosbein'ccoonntsiinstueendt

wointhlyitto.

the 30th of July, 1842. After that, by the same-act; the duties were

not to exceed twenty per cent. Heie is norepugnancy i the

law, because the one provision is to cease at the same lime that the

other bfigins to operate. It be in force at the same time.

isTihmepyosasrieblienctohnastisbtoentht,wenitahctmeancehntos thcearn.

The one provision fixes a definite amount of duties, the other an in-

definite amount. Not tpo~eerxceed twenty

cent., is not twenty

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

31

Aldridge et al. v. Williams.

per cent. To give effect to this provision, future legislation was
necessary. But,,is it the less binding on that account? 'Can it be disregarded on the ground that it was a mere matter of compromise? It has the form and solemnity of law, and it shows, that the act imposing duties expired on the 3 0th of July, 1842.
That this was the vidw of Congress, is manifest from the fact, that in due time they passed an act regulating the duties, to take effect
from the above date, which did not receive, the signature of the executive. But this'is no reason why we, by construction, sliould continue in force a-law which Congress had repealed. -After the above
date, such duties were to be imposed "as shall be provided by law."
Now, this language cannot-be mistaken; ud .it is inconsistent with 'the idea, that the law imposing duties prior to that date, should, after it, continue in force. Such a construction is unwarranted by the 3d section and.the whole tenour of the act.
It is not for this court todetermine, whether Congress; in this respect, acted wisely or unwisely; whether their motive was to com-
promise great and conflicting interests or not; but what havethey declared to be law? It would be a -restriction on the legislative power, hitherto unknown, to say, that Congress cannot repeal a law,
unless they substitute another law in its place.
If the duty law in force prior to the 30th of July, 1842, be inconsistent with the provisions of the act under consideration, then the prior law is repealed. And it is no- answer to this to say, that the prior law, in its modified form, is in force by virtue of the act of 1833. The plain and uhequivocal enactments of that act'repudiate such an inference. In -its modified f6rm, the prior law, by that act,
expired in 1842.. And after that, a new enactment, inmy judgment, was essential, not only to continue duties upon foreign merchandise, but also to give effect to all the important provisions of the act of" 1833.
The 3d sectiQn, after July, 1842, abolishes all credits for duties, and requires thEm "to be paid in ready money;"- and it-further pro-
vides, "that duties shall be laid for the raising of such revenue asmaybe-necessary to an economical administration ofthe'government;" and that the duties ",required to'be paid by law," " shall be assessed upon the value of the goods at the pdrt where the same shall be entered, uider such regulations as may be prescribed by law."
Now, every one of these provisiofis was adopted with reference to
its taking effect from, and after the 30th of July, 1842. They all belong to, the same class. The credit for duties was to be then abolished, and prompt payment required. From and after that day,
duties wer to be laid to meet the expenditure of an economical administration of the government. And after that day, "the duties
required to be paid by law," were to be assessed on the value of the godds- at the port of entry;. and this assessment is required to be
made, "under such regulations..as may be prescribed by law."

82

SUPREME COUR-T.

Barrytv. G~mble.

These provisions cannot, -by.any known rule of construction, be made to refer to-laws or regulations- existing at the tinie. of their enactment. They all refer to the "fiture: to futfire laws, and regft-lations prescribed by those laws.
The existing laws .,made no provision to carry into effect the -changes in the systtm, introduced by te act of 1833. Appraisers were appointed under "forner ants, but there was no law or regla-.
,tionas to the home valuation.'. This was a most important matter, under the new-system, , And it-s perceived, from.the explicit provision. of "the act of 1833, that Congress did n6t intend to leave an arrangement of- so much' importance- to 'the discretion of the secretary of. the Treasury or of the President. They declate±,that the duties shall be assessed,' "under such .regulations as may be prescribed by law." This is not to be met by-argument. *It is matter of Nlaowo. ne can doubt, that laws in relation-to duties, not inconsistent
-with.the act of 1833, may be considered in giving a ionstrnicion to
that act. But I'am yet to learni that such laws, by any construction, can suspend or modify thepoitiye enactments of the act of 1833. Such a power belongs not t6 the executive nor the judiciary, but to Congress.

J&Amer B~suy, PLAixF nx zRuin,-v. EAISITox IL. O~xmr. .
Under the act of 1815, a New Madrid certilflafe could be located upon lands before.theywere offered af public sale under a proclamation.of the President, or even surveyed'by the public surveyor.
The act of 1822 recognized locations of this kifnd, although they disregarded the sectional lines by which th6 surveys were afterwards made.
Under the acts of 1805,1806, and 1807; it was necessary to file the evidences of an incomplete claim under French or Spanisli authority, which bore date anterior to the 1st of October, 1800, as well as those which were dated subsequent to that day; and i caise of neglect, the bar provided in the acts appliEd to both classes.
A title resting on a permit tosetta and warrant of survey, dated bef9re the Is;
of October, 1800, without any settlement of' survey having been .made, was an incomplete title and within these a4ts. And although theacts of 1824 and 1828 removed the bar as it respected the United States, yet, havin'g exdepted such lands as hd-been:sold or otherwise disposed of by the United States, and saved the rights ir title of adverse claimants, these acts protected a New Madrid claim which had been located whilst the bar continued.
'bTy s case -was.brought-up from the Supreme.Cburt of Missouri,' 'by a writ of error issued under the.251h section of the Judiciary.gct of 1789...
'It was an ejectment brought by Ganlble, the defendantin error. against Barry, to recover possession.of a tract of land in St. Louis county, Missouri.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

441

Carroll v. Safford.

mistaken when it assumed to have power to suppress the sale made by the sheriff or t6 let it stand, at its discretion.
The decree is deemed entirely proper; nor would the reasons for it have been noticed had not my brethren adopted them to the ex-
tent above; and with which adopton I cannot concur.

CHARLES H. CARROLL, COMPLAINANT, V. ORRIN SAFFORD, TREASURER OF THE COUNTY OF GENESEE, IN THE STATE OF MICHIGAN, DEFEND-
ANT.
When the purchaser of iand from the United States has paid for it, and received a final certificate, it is taxable property, according to the statutes of Michigan, although a patent has not yet been issued.
Taxation upon lands so held is not a violation of the ordinance of 1787, as an "interference with the primary disposition of the soil by Congress," nor is it "a tax on the lands of the United States." The state of Michigan could rightfully impose the tax.
It was competent for the state to assess and tax such lands at their full value, as the absolute property of the holder of the final certificate, and in default of payment, to sell them as if he owned them in fee.
In case of controversy, a court of equiiy is the proper tribunal to prevent an injurious act by a public officer, for which the law might give no adfequate redress, or to avoid a multiplidity of suits, or to prevent a cloud from being cast over the title.
Tais case came up on a certificate of division from the Circuit
Court of the United States for the district of Michigan, sitting as a court of equity.
The complainant resided in the state of New York, and in 1836 purchased from the United States three thousand five hundred and forty-niue and seventy-one one-hundredths acres of land in Genesee county, in Michigan. The lands were paid for in the way usually pursued-by purchasers of the public domain, subject to private entry and sale. According to tie laws-of Cqngress, and the practice of the land'officers, an individual wishfiig to purchase a tract of land makes application, in writing, to the register, specifying, in the application, the particular tract sought to, be bought. The register examines and ascertains whether it is subject to entry. If it be, he gives to the applicant a memorandum, addressed to the receiver, stating the application, andthat the land is subject to entry. This is taken to the receiver, and the money there paid. The receiver executes receipts in duplicate, specifying the particular tract sold, and the price paid for it. One .of these is delivered to the purchaser, the other to the register; and this last is transmitted td the office at Washington as a voucher against the receiver. The register then makes out a final certificate, specifying the sale, and: that the purchaser is entitled to a patent. It is competent for the
VOL. III.-56

442

SUPREME COURT.

Carroll v. Safford.

purchaser to demand and take this certificate from the register; but,
in practice, it is rarely done. Almost invariably the register retaiis it until he makes his monthly returns, when he transmits this certificate to the office at Washington, and on it (if the government
confirm the sale) the patent issues. . In this case, the register, immediately after -the entry of the land,. transmitted to the proper office at Washington the patent certificates,
as.the basis of the issue of patents for.the land so entered by the complainant.
The complainant, previous to the issuing of the patents for the
lands, did not enter into actual possession of them, nor exercise acts of ownership over them.
Patents were issued for this land by the United States on 12th August, 1837- and not before. They were dated on that day, and
were shortly after their date transmitted to the register of the land office at Ionia, in.Michigan, uad subsequently #ere delivered to the
complainant. The delay in the issuing of the patents, after the entry of the land
by the complainant, was not 'at the request or in any way by the procurement of the complainant.
The patents'declare, that "the'United States give and grant" the
lands to the patentee. In the year 1837, and before the date and issue of the patents,
these lands -were assessed at iheir full'value, and as if owned by the complainant in fee-simple, for township, county, and state taxes, by the proper local officers of Michigan, (having full knowledge that the patents for the same had not issued,) which taxes 'were not paid
by the complainant. The assessment rolls describe the land as owned by the com-
plainant absolutely, and without any reservation or qualification. The valuation attached to it purported to be its entire value, as an absolute and unconditional estate in fee-simple.
By the laws.of Michigan, applicable to this part of the case, itis
made the duty of the county treasurer to sell such lands as have been taxed, and the taxes on which have not been paid on giving a 'certain notice. The defendant being then, and now, a citizen of
the state of Michigan, as county treasurer of Genesee county, did so sell the lands described in the bill of complaint.
Two years are allowed by law for the person claiming title to the
lands to redeem, by paying to the treasurer the tax and charges, and interest at the rate of twenty per cent. per annum. If not redeemed, the land was to be conveyed to the purchaser in fee-simplb.
The two years, the period allowed for redemption, had not- ex-
pired at the time of filing the bill of complaint. The bijl prayed that the assessment and sale might be declared illegal, and declared void, and that the treasurer of the county might be enjoined from conveying the lands to the purchasers at the tax sale, for other relief

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

443

Carroll v. Safford.

The bill was filed in 1842, and was taken pro confesso. A motion was then made for a decree, according to its prayer, upon which
the following questions arose, upon which the opinions of the judges were opposed:
1. Whether the statutes of the state of Michigan did, in fact,
authorize the assessment and sale of the lands in question, and whether said statutes were intended to direct the assessment for taxation -of lands of the United States before the patents for them
had been executed by the officers of the United States? 2. Whether the lands in question were, before the date and ex-
ecution of the patents for them, subject to taxation at all, by the state of Michigan?
3. Whether, if they were subject to taxation by the state, before
the execution of the patents for them, it was competent to assess and tax and sell them, as the absolute property of the complainant, and at their full value, as if he owned them in fee?
4. Whether the remedy by bill'in equity, and the relief sought, are proper?
The statutes of Michigan, referred to in the above questions, were
the following: Law of April 22d, 1833. ",Sect. 1. Be it enacted by the legislative cofincil of the territory
of Michigan, that the taxes hereafter to be levied in this territory, shall be assessed, levied, and paid in the manner hereinafter men-
tioned, upon a valuation of real and personal estate, including property and stock in any bank, insurance company, or other incorporation, to be made as hereinafter prescribed.
"Sec. 2. The assessors of each township may divide their town-
ships, by mutual agreement, into such number 6f districts, to be balled assessment districts, as they may deem convenient, not exceeding the number of assessors in any such township; and in every
year, between the 15th day of April and the 1st day of May, shall individually, in their assessment districts, according to the best evidence in their power, make out a list or schedule of all the taxable
property in the same, and bring the said lists or schedules together. and jointly value the property named in each, and set down in their assessihent-roll the value of buildings and lands in such township, owned or possessed by any person residing in such township, or any*
banking or insurance company, or other incorporation situated in
such township, opposite the name of such person or incorporation;
and shall also ascertain and set down in their said assessment-rolls, in like manner, the value of all the personal estate of every such
person; and .in case any person, not satisfied with such valuation, shall make oath before such° assessor, or either of them, who are
hereby authorized to administer such oath, that the value of his or
her real or personal estate does not exceed a certain sums'specifying the same, then, and in every such case, the assessors shall value such

444

SUJPREME COURT.

Carroll v. Safford.

real and personal estate-at the sumi specified in such affidavit, and no more; and every person liable to be taxed for any personal estate as aforesaid, shall be taxed for the same in the township where such
person shall reside at the time of makifig such assessment; and the
assessors shall also-ascertain what lands are situated in their townships, not owned by persons. residing in such townships, and shall,
in their assessment-rolls, separate from the assessments made the
-estates of .pon-residents, and designate such land in the following manner: if the estate be a patent or tract of land of the subdivision
of which'the assessors cannot obtain correct information, they shall enter the name of the patent or tract, if known by any particular
name,'without regarding who may be the owner thereof; and if" such tract be not known or desighated by any particular name, they shall state by what other land the same 'isbounded, and shall set down the quantity of land contained therein, and the value ther&64 in the proper columns for that purpose; and the assessors shall com-
plete their assessments on or before the 1st day of May in every year, and make out a fair copy thereof fo" be left with one of the
board, and thereupon cause notides to be-put up at three or more public places in their township, setting forth that they have com-
pleted their assessmr nt, and that a-copy thereof is left with one of them, naming him, vhere the same.m~y be seen and examined by
any of the inhabitants during ten days; and that at the expiration of the said'ten days, they shall meet on a certain day, at a place in the said nbtice to be specified, to review their said assessments, on
the application of any person conceiving himself aggrieved; and it shall be the duty of the said assessors, with whom the said assessment-roll shall be left as aforesaid, during the said ten days, to sub*mitthe said roll to the inspection'of any person who shall apply for that purpose; and at the said time and place, the said assessors shall meet, and, on application of any person conceiving. himself
aggrieved, shall review the said assessment, and may alter the same, -onsufficient cause being shown, to the satisfaction of the said assessors, or a majority, of them; and the. assessors, or a majority-of
them, shall make oathi or.affirmation, and attach the same to the said assbssment-roll in the foowing, or other equivalent form, to wit:, 'We do severally swear (or affirm) that the sums at which property is assessed in the foregoing assessment-roll, are, according to our best judgment, the fair cash value of such property.'
"'Sect. 9. The person in possession of any real estate, at the
time any tax is to be collected, shall be liable to pay the tax imposed thereon; and in"ease any other person, by agreement or
otherwise, ought to pay such tax .or any part or"proportion thereof, the person who shall pay the same shall and may recover the amount furpoomn thaneyprresaol nestwatheo sohuagllhbtetoa lhieanvethpeariedont,hea-nsdamseh;allanbe parllefetarrxeeds in payment to all other charges; and all taxes upon any personal

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

445

Carroll v. Safford.

estate shall, in case of the death or bankruptcy of the person taxed, be preferred in payment to all other demands'
"1Sect. 14. Any tax heretofore laid by virtue of any law of this
territor'y, or to be laid by virtue of this act, upon any real estate,
and the interest and charges thereon, shall be a lien upon the same real estate, until tfie same tax, interest, and charges, shall be paid or recovered, notwithstanding the same real -estate may have been divided or aliened, in the whole or in part; and whenever such tax,
and the interest aforesaid accruing thereon, shall remain unpaid for
two years from the 1st day of May following the year in which any such tax was or shall be laid, the treasurer of the- proper county shall cause so much of the land charged with such tax and interest, to be sold at public auction; at the court-house of the county where such lands are situated, to the highest bidder, as shall be necessary to pay the said tax and interest, together with all charges thereon,
first giving at .least four months' notice of the time and place of sale, by advertisement, posted up in three or more public places in said
county, and also, by causing a copy thereof to be published in one or more of the public newspapers printed or in circulation in :said county."
"1Sect. 15. On the day mentioned in the said notice, the treasurer.
shall commence the sale of the said lands, and continue the same from day to day, until so much thereof shall be sold as will pay the taxes,.interest, and charges due, assessed and charged thereon as
aforesaid; and the treasurer shall give to the purchaser or purchasers of any such lands, a certificate, in. writing, describing, the
lands purchased, and the sum paid therefor, and the time when the purchaser will be entitled to a deed for the said lands; and if the
person claiming title to the said lands, described in the said certificate, shall not, within two years from the datethereof, ay the tfeasurer, for the use of the "purchase, his heirs or assigns, the sum mentioned in such certificate, together with the interest thereon, at the rate of twenty per cent. per annum, from the date. of the said certificate, thq treasurer shall, at the expiration of the said two
years, execute to the purchaser, his heirs or assigns, a conveyance of the lands so sold, which conveyance shall vest in the person-or persons, to whom it shall be given, an absolute estate in fee-simple, subject to all the claims which the territory of Michigan shall have
thereon, and the said conveyance shall be donclusive evidence that the sale was regular, according to the provisions of this act; and every such- conveyance to be executed by the treamsurer, under his
hand and seal, and the exectition thereof witnessed and aclowledged in the usual form, may be given in evidence and recorded, in the same manner, and with like effect, as a deed regularly acknowledged by the grantor .may be given in evidence- and re-
corded."

446

SUPREME COURT.'

Carroll v. Safford. Nelson, attorney-general, for .the complainant.

.T'orvell. for the defendant.

.Nelson, for complainant.
A fundamental proposition, and one dn which the whole equity
of the complainant's case rests, is, that, until the issue of the patent, the fee of the land remains in the United States; that,*after payment of the purchase money by the applicant, and the receipt of it by the officers of the United States, the United States may still de-
cline, on various grounds, to perfect his title by the execution of a patent; that he cannot know after purchase, and before the patent issues, whether he is to receive an absolute conveyance or not; that nothing but the patent passes the fee, and that, before its issue, the purchaser has but a qualified and contingent estate in the lands.
These principles are involved in thefollowing decisions: Stringer
et al. v. Lessee of Young et, al., 3 Peters, 320, 344 ;"Boardman et al. v. Lessees of Reed & Ford et al., 6 Peters, 328, 342; Bi nell et al. v. Broderick, 13 Peters, 436, 450; Wilcox v. Jackson, 13 Peters, 498, 511, 516; Brush v. Ware, 15. Peters, 93, 107, 108; Stoddart v. Chambers, 2 How. 284, 318.
I refer also to the opinions of the attorneys-general, and the prac,. tice of the land-office, as found in the 2d volume of Public- Land Laws, Instructions and'Opinions, published in 1838, not only to
show that the sale is frequently cancelled by the-government for a
great variety of reasons; and that "the issuing a patent is not so purely a ministerial act as to follow a patent certificate as a matter
of course," but also that it has been the settled policy of the government to regard lands thus situated as exempt from all taxation, and that " the legal title remains in' the government until the patent
issues." See pp. 4, 14, 24, 25,.39, 76, 80, 84, 87, 160, 213, 214, and 1040; and act of Congress, 12th January, 1826, chap. 318.
-The payment of the money by an applicant for a parf of 'the
public domain, is a proposition for a purchase. The register and receiver do not act judicially in admitting the application and receiving the money; their acts may be overruled, and the money -returned, and a patent be refused for various reasons ; and the fate of the ,application cannot be known by the purchaser until the patent be 'dxecuted. Till'then his title is imperfect, and his estate contingent, In ordinary cases between private individuals, whQre a legal contract for the sale of lands has been entered into, equity considers the vendee as the true owner of the lands, because the vendor
is bound ta convey by tirtue of a contract, which can be enforced in a court of equity, and the obligation is mutual, as is also the
remedy. 2 Story's Eq. 98, 99, sect. 790. Not so in regard to applications for the purchase of the public lands. But even if this were, it would not affect the present argument.
Assuming, then, that 'at the time of the assessment of the lands

-JANUARY TERM 1845.

447

Carroll v. Safford.

described in the bill, the fee of them was in the United Stafes, the complainant's counsel'insist-

1. The staties of Michign did not embrace the lands in ques.

tion, and were not intended to authorize their assessment.. The statute directed the assessment of lands "owned or possessed

by any person residing inthetownship."

This part of the statute is inapplicable, for the complainant is and

was a non-resident ; and the case shows that he wa- not in the ac-

tual possession of the land.

The statute then directs the lands not " owned" by residents to

be separaiely assessed by the description of the tractwithout regard to the-name of the "owner."I

. The assessment is to be according to te ."fair cash value"l of the

lands; that is, of the fee-simple or abs6lute estate i the lands. -

rThe assessment of real estate is'to be according to its entire value,

as in the case of personalty. The wora " owner" is attached to

both kinds of property as descriptive of. the estate or interest to be

taxed.

-

The taxes are made a lien upon the lands.

If iot paid; and if the land be not redeemed after sale for non-

p yment, the treasurer of the county in which the lands lie is direct-

ed to execute to the purchaser "a conveyance'of the lands so sold

-whicl conveyance shall vest in the person or persons to whom it-

shall -be given an alsolute estate in fee-simple, subject to all the

claims which the territory (state) of Michigan shll have therein,;

and.the Wid conveyance shall. be'conclusive evidencethat the sale

was regular according to the provisions of-this act."

All the provisions of this statute are intended to operate upon the

unencu~nbered fee of the lands assessed. This'furnishes the mea-

sure of value-this regulates the conveyance of the'purchaser.

Lands owned by the United States are. not 'subje6t to taxation.

The fee of these lands w.s in the United States at the time of the assessment. It 's not to.be supposed that there was any intention

of taxing the property of the United States. This assessment is

upon. the fee. The conveyance operates as a transfer of thie fee.

How, then, can it be argued, that the statutes intended to embrace

these lands? . It does not aid th argument in this branch of it to say, that the

complainant had a valuable and taxable interest in these lands. This may for the present be conceded;' Our answer to it is, that

the statute does not profess to tax such interest. It taxes'the owner of the land and sells the fee if the tax be not paid. -

2. The'lands in questiou wre not, before the'date and executibn of the patents for themn, subject to taxation atall by the state

of Michigan. The proposition refers Io the date and execution of the patents.

It is not denied 'that, so soon as exdcuted, they become operative;

448

SUPREME COURT.

Carroll v. Safford.

and that the transmission of them to the rggister is in law a delivery to the purchaser through him as the agent of both parties.
'The 4th article of the ordinance of 1787 for the government of the territory north-west of the river Ohio provides, that "the legis-
latures of those districts or new states shall'never interfere with the primary disposal of the'soil by the United States in.Congress assem-
bled, nor with any regulations Congress may find necessary for securing the title in such soil to the bona -fide purchasers. -No tax sliall be imposed on lands the property of the United States; and in no case shall non-resident proprietors be taxed higher than residents."
It has been shown that, after the receipt of the receiyer and the 4transmission of the patent certificate, the patent may still be-refused.
In point of fact this frequently occurs. Patents were, in several instances, refused to, the complainant, and his certificates of purchase caqcelled. In the case of Ostrom v. The Auditor-General of Michigan, which arose in the Circuit Court for the district of Michigan, in 1842, it appeared that, out of about one hundred certificates,-
fourteen were never allowed, and patents for them had been refused; The lands embraced in those certificates have been sold. and con-
veyed in fee-simple by Michigan, by virtue of assessments on them i ,the property of Ostrom, to whom the United States -refused to
convey. The United States either retain these lands, or have conveyed them to third parties. These facts illustrate the principle; they may tgain occur. Is not this an interference with the primary disposal of the soil by the United States ?" If so in any degree, the amount of it does'not affect the arguments and if such may be the
consequence of admitting the operation of the principle, it is a conclusive argument against its allowance at all.
Again: It is provided that "no tax shall be imposed on lands
the propefty of the United States." Mark the phraseology. It is not that no tax shall be imposed on
the interest or estate of the United States in any lands, but that lands, while they remain the property of the United Statps, shall not be
taxed t all bythe states. This is the plain import of the terms. The
question is then narrowed to this: When do the lands embraced iM
the public domain cease to be the property of the United States?
This question, we think. has been fully answered by the authorities already cited.
The reasoning of the court in the case of Wilcox v. Jackson, is
strong and clear upon this question:"We think it unnecessary to go into a-iletailed examination of the
various acts of Congress," say the court, "for the purpose of show-tig what -we consider to be true.in regard" to the public lands, that
with the exception of a few cases, nothing bit a patent passes a perfect and consummate title:" -13 Peters, 516.
-.. d again:-

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

44g

Uarroll v. 6afford.

"A much stronger ground, however, has been taken in argument.
It has been .id that the State of Ilinois has a right to declare'by law, that fftle derived from 'the United States, whicl* by their laws, is only inchoate and imperfect, shall be deemed as perfect~a title as if a patent had issued from the United States;. and the constrution of her own courts seems to give that'effect to her statute. That state has an undoubted right to legislate as she may please in regard to the remedies to be -prosecuted inher courts, and to reulate the disposition of the property of her citizens by descent, devise, or alienation. But the property in question was a part of the public domain of the United States. ' Congress is invested by the Constitution with the power of disposing of and making heedful rules and regulations respecting it;. -Congress has declared, as we hiave said, by its legislation, that in such a case as this a patent is necessary to complete the tite. But in this case no patent has issued; and, there-
fore, by the laws of the United States, he legal title has not passed, but reinain in the United States. Now, if it wei'e competent for a sdteaetemeldegtioslahtauvred tpoastsaeyd,thatht e neoftfwecitthostfanthdiisng this, the tite shall be
would .benotthat Congress had the power of lisposing of the public lands, and prescribing the rules and regulations concerning that disposition, butthat Illinois possessed it. ha would be to make the lawsbof Illinois paramount.
to thbse of Congress in relation to a subject confided by ~the Consti-
tution to Congress only.. Andthe practical result in this very asewould be, by force ofstate legislation, to take from the United Stats

their own land, against their own wzill, and against their own laws. We hold the tre principle to be this: that whenever the question

ionncaenybeceonurtth,esptarotepeorrt-yfeodfetrhael, Uisn,itwedhaSthtaetresa htaitslepatosseladn, dthawt iqcuhestbioand must be resolved by the laws of the United States; but that, when-.

eier, according to those laws, the litle shall have pa~sed, then that property, likepli other property in the state, is subject to state legislation, so far as that legislation is consistent ,itthateadmission thatsthe title Tassedtandvested according tothe-laws of the United

The act of Congress (15 June, 1836) admitting Michigan into the union, is even stronger in its terms thai the ordinance of 1787. It
is as follows: Sect. .And b it further enactedw that nothing in this act con-
taied, or in the admission of the said state into the unasiononeof the United States of America, upon an equal footing with the original states in all respects whatever, shall be so construed or understood as to confer upon the people, legslatdre, or otherauthorities of the said state of Michigan, any authority or right to infere with the sale
by the United States, andctrder their authority of the vacant and
unsold lands within the limits of the said state; but that the subject
of the public lands, and the interests which maybe given of the said

VoL.. II.-57

2 r' 2

4690

SUPREME COURT.

Carroll v. Safford.

state therein, sh4l be regulated 'byfuture action between Congress, on the part of the United States; -and the said state of Michigan shall, in no case, and under no pretence whatsoever, impose any tax, assessment, or imposition of any descriptioi, upon any of'th lands of the United States within its limits."
This exemption fron taxation of the lands of the United States, and the prohibition of the states in which they are located t6 interfere with heir disposal, were designed, as they were calculated, to facilitate. their sale, and to hold out inducements to purch'asers, and enter, as one of its elements, into the price of such lands;, ahd as,
from the very nature of the contract of purchase, a buyer cannot prmdently.improve, or expend money on*he land, before his title is consummate. All the principles of equity, as well as of law, concur insecuring to the citizen an exoneration- from the burdens of state assessment, until the moment thaf he may be recompensed by the-enioyment of the profits.of the land purchased, and that is, when his title is perfected by patent. . -Th legislafure of the state of Michigan illustrates this view. By her act providing for thq disposition of her university lands, she hat provided, that the land held by-a certificate of purchase from the state, shall be taxed as personal property;' that such certificate shall enable the purchaser to support an action of trespass on the lands, and entitle him'to the immediate possession thereof. Laws of Michigan, 1844, No. 68, sect. 19; And it has been. decided by her eburts, that the holder of a -certificate of purchase from the United States cannot maintain ejectment on: it. This I learn from the profession, for there are no reports publisied of -their decisions. The same doctrine is thd settled law of Ohio. 1 Ohio Rep. 313, 314; 6 Ibid. 165; 7 Ibid. 151 and 252. . In fllinois,'the holder of certificate of -purchase may inaintain ejectment, &c., by virtue of positive statutory enactment. Revised Laws,.p. -199.
But 'e'Think that, independ6nt of these statutes, the claim of-the state to tax these lands is indefensible.
The. property of the United States is'not taxable by .the several
states.
The subjects over wnch the sovereign power of a state extends,
are objects of taitation; but fhose over which it does not extend, are
exempt from taxation. 'McCuloch v. The State of Maryland,
4 Wheat. 316. The power of legislation, and consequently of taxation, operates on all the persons and property bqlonging to the body
tolitic. Providence B9ank v. Billings & Pitman, 4 Peters; 563.
These priftiples exempt the United States and their property from
taxation by the states. See Weston et al. v.CityCouncil of Charles-
ton,-2 Peters, 449.
The exemption extends to.the 'landsinc'ontroversy, unless the inchoate title acquired by the applicant for the purchase of them sub,
jects them to taxation.

JANUARY T-ERM, 1845.

451

Carroll v. Safford.

There certainly is no express legislation to this effect. How does thecase stand on general principles? In order to place it in the most unfavourable light for.our argument, let the situati6n of the complainant be assimilated to that of a vendee after contract, but before deed, who has a perfect right to a conveyance. Befote conveyance actually made, who is to pay taxes on the lands agreed to be *conveyed? Taxation is a legal question. Taxes are levied against the-legal owner. they are prescribed by express statutes. Legal rights are alone looked to in the assessment and levy of taxes.
Under the old. credit system, lands were confessedly exempt from taxation *until after. the patent issued. A purchaser of them, even before the payment of the .money, was as much an equitable owner
as now. He was styled the purchaser of the land so so6n as he made the payment of twenty percent, and received is certificate.
Look at the absurdity of the opposite doctrine: Ifa tax assessoi is to inquire into the equitable rights and interests of "lartiest,hen
when money has been agreed to be laid- out in lands, 'ti should.be assessed and returned as lands, and vice versa, in regard to 'lands contracted to be sold.
This very point arose in the, case of Wils6n's Exec.:v. :'appan, 6 Cond. Ohio Rep. 80, 7 Hammond, 112;. ahd it was there decided, that the vendor was bound to-pay"them; and that., if not paid, the warranty in the deed of freedom from encumbrances would indem-
nify the vendee against them. 'The patents issued by the United States for the public lands con-
tain the words 1 give and grant". These words imply a warranty. See Cain sls Rep. 18a; 7J'obns. Rep. 258;8 Cowen, 36; 1 Coke, 384 a; 4 Kent's Corn. (ed. of 1844,) 474, and cases there cited. If the complainant can be compelled to pay these taxes, he has a right to be re-imbursed-by'the United States.
The public, domain, as such, cannot be taxed by the states. The lands of the complainant were not sevwred from it until conveyed to
him by patent. After he had paid his money to the receiver on his' application to purchase th lands, he could have been personally as-
sessed for such sum, if he had been within the jurisdiction of Michigan. His property.was not diminished by such a payment; for, if the patent were refused, the money would be refunded. If actual possession.had been'taken of the lands, inasmuch as such possepsion is protected by the laws of the state, its value might be the subject
of a personal tax.' All this may be granted, and yet nothing will have been conceded tending 'to establish the right of the state to impose a tax upon the land itself, which does not constitute a charge
against the purchasetr personally, but is to be satisfied out of the
lahd and by a sale of it. This is the pharacter of the present tax,
and must be of any.land-tax. Such'tax is a proceeding in rem.
It cannot be apportioned' and split up, so as to sell the interest of

452

SUPREME COURT.

Carroll v. Safford.

the purchaser in the land, and transfer an interek. in it, without the assent or co-operation of the United States, and yet not interfere with the absolute rights of property and control belonging to the
latter. The federal government, though limited in the subjects of its
powers, is sovereign in their exercise; and in all cases where its powerd are exclusive, or where the exercise of a concurrent power by a state conflicts with the beneficial and perfect exercise of it .by
the United States, the federal authority is supreme. The. extent of' the alleged interference is not a question to be considered in determining its invalidity.
The case of Dobbins v. Commissioner of Erie Co., 16 Peters, 435, applies this principle to a question of taxation. It also shows clearly, that this is a tax on the property assessed, and not a personal charge, (p. 446,) and that such a tax, when it acts upon the pro-
perty or agents of the United States, is entirely illegal. The public domain is exclusively within the control of the United
States, and is an important source of its revenue. The "plerfect'
execution" of the power of its sale, and management'is certainy interfered with by the acts complained of bnd the principles estab-
lished in the above case (p. 447) control the present. 1 3. If the lands were subject to taxation to any extent'by the state
of Michigan, before the execution- of the patents for them, it was not competent to assess, and tax, and sell them as the absolute pro-
perty of the complainant, and at their full value, as if he owned them in fee. * That such is the effect qf.-the law. complained of, will not be denied. That it is illegal, we think is already shown. The feeof the" United States cannot be divested by the legislation of the state. The state could only give the purchaser at the tax-sale an equitable
interest, for the complainant himself had no other. 4. The case is properly cognisable in equity, and the relief sought
is appropriate. As to the principle on -which equity exercises its jurisdiction,
there are equitable rights and legal rights incident to property. Courts of law will not take notice- of mere equitable rights; they
can bd enforced only in equity, and hence arises the exclusive juris-
diction of courts of equity. But in cases where legal rights are defined and settled by the
rules of law-, then equity follows the law. The right to tax, and the 'mode of taxation, are defined by statute,
and the construction of statutes is the same at law and in equity. In svpport of these principles, I refer to 1 Story's Eq. 14, 15, 16,
17, 72. Our rights, then, are settled by the.law, and will be construed in
the same manner in courts of law and of'equity. Indeed, isit not manifest that' the legality or illegality of Ithe tax must be decided in

JANUARY TERM, 1W~.

403

Ca'rroll-v. Safford.

the same way by courts of law and equity? Can that be a valid assessment in equity which is invalid at law, where there can be but one legal mode of assessment in any case? Why, then, if we rely' upon our legal rights, do we ask.the interference of-equity?
We come for the remedy. The most important source of juisdiction of an equity court is that which is concurrent with-courts of law. Rights in each court are the same, but a party is at liberiy to ask the aid of a court of equity to protect him i his legal rights on account of the better remedy which'results from.the modes, of administering relief in equity; and equity will interfere in all cases, where the remedy at law is not pain, adequate, and complete. See 1 Story, 93, 94.; 2 Story, 155, 163; 3 Peters, 215.
When this is done, the rights -of parties in the subject-matter of the litigation are construed as at law. The remedy is according to equity, and it will be granted in all cases, with the simple condition, that a party who asks it shall do equity himself.
What is meant by this? Not the wild notions, as to natural equity which were suggested on the argument below; but simply, that where legal and conscientious matters are mingled in the same transaction with those of a fraudulent and illegal character, a party shall discharge .the former part of the conhract'before he will be re-
lieved as to the latter. 1 Story's Com. '77, This maxim has here no application, until it be shown that a part
of these taxes are legal and proper.
The sole point that is left for discussion is, as to the reasons-which render the remedy at law inadequate; and require the interference of this court. These reasons are the following:
1st. To prevent: a cloud being cast over the complainant's title. See following authorities: Corporation of Washington v. Pratt, 8 Wheat. 682; Burnet v. City of Cincinnati, 9Ohio Rep. 86 ; Gouverneur v. City of New York; 2 Paige, 435; Pettit.. Shepherd, 5 Paige Rep; 493, 501 ; Hamilton v. d'ummings, 1 Johns. Ch. Rep. 517; Ward-v. Ward, 2 Hayw. Rep. 226; Leigh.v. Everhart, Exec., 4 Munf. Rep. 380; Grover v. Hugel, 3 Russ. Ch. Rep. 432"; Harrington's Rep. 3; Ostrom v. Bank of the United States, 5 Pet. Cond. 759.
2d. To prevent a. multiplicity of suit§ and unnecessary.litigation. 1 Story, 82,83, 84; 6 Paige Rep. 88. Better for beth complainant and the state that the matter should now be decided.
3d. To restrain public officers from doing an illegal act. If the act be consummated, there may be no redress; equity, therefor; interferes to prevent the consequent failure of justice .by enjoining the act. Osborne v. Bank of the United States; 6 Paige, 88; 2 Kent, 339, note, 3d ed.
The claims of the state to tax lands-in the situation of those de-
scribed in the complainant's bill are exceedingly inequitable. The lands are not actually nor theoretically separated from the public

464

SUPREME COURT.

Carroll v. Safford.

domain. -The purchaser has taken no possession of them, nor ex-
.ercised any acts of ownership over them. A tax on the unimproved and vacant lands of non-residents is generally inequitable, and, at best, oppres§ive and onerous. See 2 Kent's Com. 332. Just so soon as an individual proposes to buy the lands of the United States, the agents of the state rush in and fasten on it, and demand, on pain of forfeiture of th'e.whole of it, that he pay taxes on it for an interest which he does not own, and which he cannot know he will receive, until, perchance, the land has been sold and lost.

.Vorvellq; for defendant.
The questions of difference involved in-this case are of deep mi.
portance to the state of Michigan, affecting, as they do, her right to tax lands as soon as they are purchased, and paid for, from*the United States, and obliging her, if they should be decided adversely to the defendant, -to refund to individuals a large amount of money received into her treasury from the taxation of lands so situated.
1. The first questioni is, "1whether the statutes of the state of Michigan did, in faci, authorize the assessment and sale bf the lands of the complainant,'and whether said statutes were intended to direct
the assessmnt for taxation of lands of the United.States before the patents for them had been executed by the -officers of the United
States?"
'The statutes of Michigan did and do authorizp the assessment,
taxation, and sale of lands for non-payment of the taxes, situated as those of the complainant were. The. lands of the complainant had, prior to their assessment, been purchased froin the United States,
and he -had received the regular certificates of purchase and- payment from the receiver of public.moneys. These lands were not, it is believed, sold for the .taxes, before the patents were dated and executed. But whether they-were, or not, is not material to the
right decision of.this cause. The act Sassed by the legislative council of the territory of Michi-
gan, and approved on the 22d of April, 1833, authorizes, in its first .section, the assessment, levy, and collection'of taxes, upon the valuation of real and personal property, to be made as prescribed in the subsequent- sections of the same-act. '
The 2d section directs the proper officers to ascertain, assess, and make out a separate and distinct list of the lands. situated in their -respective townships, "not owned by'persons residing in such' township, ' and prescribes th manner in which the lands of nonresidents shall be described and entered in the assessment-rolls.
'This is precisely the same language used with regard to the iands owned by non-r -sidents, and assessed for taxation, in the laws of Michigan, passed by her legislature, after.she became a state.
'The 14th section of the act .of April 22, 1833, provides that
whenever the taxes on lands of non-residents, as well as residents,

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

455

Carroll v. Safford.

shall remain unpaid for two ye.ars, the treasurer of the proper county shall cause so much of the land charged with such taxes and interest) as shall be necessary to pay the same, to be advertised and sold for that purpose, giving at least four months' notice, in certain public newspapers, of the time and place of sale.
The long notice directed to be thus given, before the sale could take place, affords conclusive evidence that the lands of non-residents living out of the state were included in the terms and provisions of the act directing th6 assessment, taxation, and sale of real and personal estate, if the taxes were not duly paid thereon.
The succeeding section of the law prescribes the tinie within which, and the conditions on which, the lands in que8tion' thus assessed, taxed, and sold for the- taxes, might be redeemed by the
owners. I refer to the act of April 22, 1833, at page 88 of the Session
Laws of 1833, to be found here in the Department of State. The laws of Michigan make no distinction between the lands for
which patents have notbeen.issued, and those for which they have been issued, in providing for their assessment, taxation, and sale for the non-payment of taxes. 'As soon as the lands are purchased of the 'United States, the money paid for them, and the duplicate receipts and certificates of purchase signed, and issued by the receivers of the public moneys at the land-offices within the state, they become, according to the invariable interpretation of the tax laws of that state, and the usage in their execution, objects of assessment, taxation, and sale.
An act was passed by the legislative council of Michigan, and
approved December 30, 183 "making the cetificates of the pur-. chase of public lands" evidence of their possessioh by the persons holding such certificates of purchase of such lands, as against any person or persons not having a better title than actual possession.
is act illustrates the general light in which the duplicate receipts or certificates of the purchase, of public lands, signed by the rece rs, -were -viewed by the legislative authorities of Michigan. The statute remains unrepealed. And-I am not aware that ary of
the courts of Michigan have decided, "that the holder of a certifi-
cate of purchase from the United States cannot maintain ejectment upon it." On the contrary, the very law making these certificates
evidence of possession was'intended to authorize the holder to maintain action of ejectment in imy of her courts, and it expressly provides that they shall be evidence in such courts that possession is in
the person holding the certificate. And, as secretary of the legisla-
tive council when the act was passed, I remember it was maintained in debate, that lands which had been purchased, and for which certificates. of purchase from the United States had been issued at the land-offices, were us lawffilly and rightly the subjects of taxation as if thepatents had been issued from the proper department at Wash-

456

SUPREME COURT.

Carroll v. $afford.

ington. See the Session Laws of Michigan, passed at the second

session of legislative council in 1834, pp. 88,,89.

The act of the legislature' of he.state of Michigan, approved

Apil 19, 1839, makes it the duty 9f the several county treasurers

to collect all non-resident thxes assessed prior to 1838, remaining

unpaid, as if the laws under which said taxes were assessed still

continued in force. See'Session Laws of1839, pp. 168 and 177. An act to regulate tax-sales for 1843 authorizes the sale of all

lands for delinquent taxes assessed 'in the.yebrs 1836; 1837, and

1838. The several county treasurers are to make the sales under

the direction of the 'auditor-general. See Session Laws of Michigan

of 1843, pp. 55 and 70.

It is clear, then, that "the lands in question," belonging to the

complainant, were authorized by the statutes of Michigan to be

assessed for taxation, and to be sold for the non-payment of taxes. It is equally clear, from the plain language of the statutes, and

from the practical interpretation put upon them by all the public authorities of Micbig~n, that "they were intended to direct the

assessment for taxation of lands" purchased from "the United States, before the patents for them had been executed by the officers of the United States," but after the money had been paid for

them, and' certificates of purchase and payment had been received

from the proper land-officer. 2. To the question, "whether the lands in question were, before

the date and execution of the patents for them, subject to taxation

at all by the

of Michbisgtean," I answer in the afirmative.

audInitotrh-geencearsal ooff tJhoebnstfaHte., Otrsietrdomin etht ealC. ivr.cuCithaCrloesurtGo.fHthaemUmnointedd,

SJutadtgese fWoriltkhliensd,isittriwctasof.dMeciidchediganth,atattthhee Jeunntreytoefrmpuobfli1c84la2n,dbse,fothree payment of the purchase money, and the certificate of the receiver, constituted such an equitable interest and title in the land as .to authorize its taxaion by the state, and its sale for th~e non-payment
of the taxes. preAsitdithneg,suthceceeddeicnigsioOnctoofbethretercmourotf, thate tshaemeprceocuerdti,nJgudtegremM,dicnLethaen case of Ostrom v. The Auditor-General, was confirmed, both judges

coNnoeuwrrsipnagpiernoreppinoirotsn.of te case have alone'as yet, been published. But the decision must remain fresh in the memory of Mr. Juatice McILnetahne ocfastehiosfcDouorut.glas v. Dangerfield, in the Supreme. Court of Ohio, the court stated that the aigtohttax lands 'within the borders

of

thawthsitcahte,habdefobreeenthseeryxiegbrhceticsoemd efrothme

property of the earliest

individuals, was a period of the state

government, 'with respect to all lands except those belonging to the

United States, while so held, or for a limited perif'd after the same.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

457

Carroll v. Safford.

were sold. This limited period has reference to the five years' ex-

emption, which the compact of admission between the'United States

and Ohio secures to purchasers of public lands in that sftate, after they have made their purchases. No such exemption is stipulated

in the compact which admitted Michigan into the union. She has

the right to tax as soon as the public lands are purchased. Judge Hitchcock adds, in this same case, that "ifthe right to tax

exists, and that it does there has not been any serious quetion for

many years at least, it would seem to follow, that the right to collect

must also exist, although in making collection it might become ne-

cessary to transfer to a new proprietor the thing taxed." When,

however, this question "does arise, it must be purely a legal ques-

tion, to be bettled by a-court of law." 10 Wilcox) Ohio Rep. ,156.

See also, pp. 154, 155. In Ohio, it is well known that lands entered and surveyed in the'

military land district, have for years been. taxed, and told for taxes,

before they were patented, This is stated in the report of the case of Hennick et al. v. Wallace, 8 Ohio Rep. 540, where the court say,

that in another casej -which was cited, "it was expressly held, that

where: lands have been entered and surveyed in the military land district, and sold for taxes before patented, that when patented, the patentee musthold the land subject t6 any claim which a purchaser at tax-sale may have in consequence of such sale." In the case- of

Hennick, just referred to, the land'wa§ sold for taxes before patent-

ed, and the court said that the sale was legal, so far as any thing

appeared to it in the case. 8 Ohio Rep..541.

In the case of the lessee of Stuart and others v. Parish, Supreme

Court of Ohio, at the December term, 1833,6 Hammond, part 1,476, 477, Stuart purchased the tract No. 5, in the Sandusky Reserve, inm

1812, and made the first payment. He afterwards took the benefit ofthe eight years' credit, under the laws which then prevailed. Stuart

-did,not complete the payment for the land until 1830.' Four years

before that, thd land 0as taxed. The court would not entertain the question, whether the land was liable to taxation before patent is-

sued, but admitting the legality of the sale for taxes, said, that the legal title of the patentee was not affected by'such sale. 'In other

words, the tax-title could not convey an interest to the purchaser su-

perior to that of the owner at the time of the sale for taxes. In Alabama, before public lands finally pass into the hands of the

purchaser by patent, the collector may rent at auction so much as

will pay the tax, but cannot sell until the title is complete.

The Supreme Court of the United States, in the case of Bagnell

et al. v. Broderick, 13 Peters, 436, decided, that "no doubt is en-

tertained of the power of the states to pass laws to authorize purchasers to prosecute actions of ejectment, or certificates of purchase,

against trespassers on the lands purchased." If conflicting patents

issue, the, state courts may give effect to-thebetter right.

VoL. MJJ.-58

2 Q

458

SUPREME COURT.

Carroll v. Safford.

In Pennsylvania, where the consideration for the land has been

paid, a survey, though unaccompanied by a patent, gives a leal

right of entry. 3 Dall. 457.

The authorities, then, clearly show that lands are subject to taxa-

tion by the state, on certificates of purchase, before the patent issues.

It would be very extraordinary if an individual could purchase lands

of the United States, settle, improve, and cultivate them, ,on certifi-

cates of purchase, and yet, because, from the neglect and delay of

the proper, department, the patents are ndt issued for several years, -

they are exempt from taxation, while his neighbour'was compelled

to pay taxes, when he was deriving no greater advantage from the

possession and cultivation of his land. . Lands purchased and paid for at the land-offices, are not thereaf-

ter the property of the United States. The United States cannot

withhold the patents, except in a few specified cases, as where the

sale was illegal; where a prior sale or reservation, or a prior grant,

may have been made; where the land had not previously been of-

fered at public sale, or where it had been directed by government to

be withheld from sale. These are' rareexceptions, and do not af-

fect or impair the general principle, that, as soon as the public land

is purchased and paid for, it becomes the property of the purchaser,

and may be sold and transfen-ed by him, as is constantly the case, be-

fore it is patented. Ithe authorities and decisions were not i favour roefastohne raignhdt coofmtmheonstasetensteo wtaoxulsducdhemlaonndstroartecertificates ofpurchase,
its equity and justice.

to

3ta.xaIttiofonllobwefsorferotmhe.ytheasree

views, which patented, that

show that lands it is competent

are subject for the state

to assess, tax, and sell them, as the property of the owner, as if they

had been patented.

ingIf,hefraodm, thacecicdeertnitf,icoatretshleofepxucercphtiaosnes sahdovueldrtendottobeunmdaetrurtehde ipnrteocpead--* tents, the pm-chaser a tax-sale could not acquire a better tide than the holder of the certificate. That is his risk. But in ithe case of the present complainant, it is not pretended that his tihes were not

perfected. On the contrary, the record brought up here alleges and admits that the patents for his lands were issled on the 12th of August, 1837. And this was before the lands were sold for the taxes.
4. It is doubted whether the remedy sought in this case, by a bill in equity, is proper. In the case of Ostrom v. The Auditor-General,
involving the same principles as the case of the complainant involves, Judge Wilkins said that the complainants had an adequate and complete remedy in the state courts for any injury they might sustain by the sale of their lands for taxes, if the taxation and sale were illegal. And the 16th section of the act of 1789, establishing the courts of the United States, provides that suits in equity shall not be sustained in the courts of the United States, in any case where a plain, adequate, and complete remedy may le had at law.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

459

Carroll v. Safford.

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion vf the court.

The complainant filed his bill in the Circuit Court of the United

States, in Michigan, stating that he is .the owner in fee-simple of

certain lands lying in Genesee county, amounting to three thousand

five hundred, and forty-nine and seventy-one'hundredths acres, and

of the value of $7500. That, in 1836, he entered these lands, paid

for them,'and received from the land-office a final certificate. Pa-

tents were issued for them on the 12tli of August, 1837. That the

delay in issuing the patents was not at the instance of complainant.

Before the emanation of the patents, the lands were assessed for tax-

ation, and sold by the defendant for the taxes thus assessed. Two

years are allowed the owner to redeem the land by the act of

Michigan, on the payment of the tax, charges, and iAerest, at the

rate of twenty per cent. per annum. When this bill was filed, the

time of redemption had not expired. The bill prays, that the as-

sessment and sale may be declared illegal and void, and that the

defendant may be enjoined from conveying the land, and other re-

lief, &c.

The case was considered as on a demurrer to the bill, and on the

argument, the opinion of the judges were opposed on the following

points:1. "Wh ether the statutes of the state of Michigan did, in fact,

authorize the assessment and sale of 'the lands in question,, and

whpther said ktatutes *ere intended to direct the assessment for tax-

ation of lands of the United States, before the patents for them 'had

been executed by the officers of the Unitdd States."

2. "'Whether the lands in question were, before the date and ex-

edution of the patents for them, subject to taxation at all by the state

of Michigan."

3.

I
"

Whether

if

they

were

subject

to

taxau,,

oy the state, before

the execution of the patents for them, it was -competent to assess,

and tax, and sell them, as the absolute property-of the complainant,

and at their full value, as if he owned them in fee."

4. "Whether the remedy by bill in equity, and the relief sought,

are proper."

The 1st section of the act of the 22d of April, 1833, of the terri-

tory of Michigan, provides, "that the taxes hereafter to be.levied in

this territory shall be assessed, levied, and paid iu the manner

hereinafter mentioned, upon a valuation of real and personal estate,"

&c.

By the 2d section the, asse ors of the different districts, " accord-

ing to the best evidence in their power," are required to make out 9a list or schedule of all the taxable property in he same," .and

bring the said lists or schedules together, and jointly value ,the pro-

perty named in each, and set down in their assessmentrdll.the value

of 'buildings in such township, owned or possessed by any person

residing in such township," &c. "And the assessors shall ascer-

460

'SUPREME COURT.

Carroll v. Safford.

tain what -lands are situated in their townships, not owned by persons residing in such townships, and shall, in their assessment-rollp separate from -the assessments made the estates of non-residents, and designate such land in the following manner: if the estate be a patent -ortract.of land of the subdivision of which the assessors cannot
obtain correct information, they -shall enter the name of the patent or tract, if known by any particular name, without regarding who may be the owner thereof; and if such tract be not known or designated by any.particular name, they shall state by what other land the same is bounded; and shall set'dowh the quantity of land: contained therein in the proper" columns for that purpose." By the 14th section, the tax,'interest, and charges thereon, constitute a lien on the land, though aliened, and unless paid within two years from the.lst of May succeeding the assessment of such tax, the treasurer of the proper county, after giving notice, is required to.sell the same. And if the person claiming title to -saidlands shall not pay fo the treasurer, for the use of the purchaser, his heirs or assigns, the sum paid by him for.. the lands, with interest at the rate of twenty per
cent. per annum, the treasuier-shall execute to the purchaser, his. heirs or assigns, "1a conveyance of the lands so sold, which convey-
ance shall vest in the -person or persons to whom it shall be given an absolute estate in fee-simple," &c.; "and such deed inay be given in evidence; -nd recorded in the same manner and with like
effect as a deed regularly acknowledged by the grantor may be given in evidence and recorded."
It is first contended, "that the statutes of Michigan did not ema-
brace the land in'question, and were not intended to-authorize their
assessment." In answer to this, it may-be said, .that a different construction has
been put upon.the above statutes by the authorities of the territory,
and also of the state since its admission.into the union. The practical construction of local laws is, perhaps, the best evidence of the intention of-the law-makers. The courts of the United States adopt
as a rule of decision the established construction of local laws. And it cann9t be material, whether such consti'uction has been established
by long usage or a-judicial decision,
But independently of the -force of usage, we think the construction is sustainable. -When the land was purchased and paid for, it was no longer the property of the United States, but of the-purchaser.
He held for it a final certificate, which could no more be cancelled by the United States than a patent. It is true, if the land had been.
previously sol4by the United States, or reserved from sale, the certificate or patent might be recalled by the United States, as having ben issued through mistake. In this respect there is no difference between the certificate-holder and the patentee.
It is said, the fee is not.in the purchaser, but in the United States,
until the patent shall be issued. This is so, technically, at law, but

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

461

Carroll v. Safford.

not in equity. The land in the hands of the purchaser is real estate, descends to his heirs, and does not go to his executors or administrators. In every legal and equitable aspect it is considered as belonging to the realty. Now, why cannot such property be taxed by its
proper denomination as real estate? In the words of the statute, "as lands owned by non-residents." And if the name -of the
owner could not be ascertained, the tract was required to be described by its boundaries or any particular name. We can enter.tain no doubt that the construction given to this act by the authorities of Michigan, in regard to the taxation of land sold by the United States, whether patented or not, carried out the intention of the law-making power.
But it is insisted, ' that the lands in question were not, before the date and execution of the patents for them, subject to taxation at all by the state of Michigan."
It is supposed that taxation of such lands is "an interference iNith the primary disposition of the soil by Congress," in violation of the
- ordinance of 1787; and that it is "a'tax on the lands of the United States," which is inhibited by the. ordinance. Now, lands which have been sold 'by the United States can in no sense be called the property of the United States; They are no more the property of the United States than lands patented. So far as the iights of the purchaser are considered, they are protected under the patent-certi-
ficate as fully as under the patent. Suppose the officers of the goverument had sold a tract of land, recei 'ed the purchase money, and issued a patent-certificate, can it be contended that they could sell it again, and convey a good title? They could no more do this
than they could sell land a second time which had been previously patented. When sold, the government) until the patent shall issue, holds the mere legal title for the land in trust for the purchaser; and
any second purchaser would take-the land charged with the trust. But it is supposed that because on'some certificates patents may
not be issued, taxation of unpat~nted land is an interference "with the primary disposition of the land." And it is said that in the
case of Ostrom v. The Auditor-General of Michigan, before the Circuit Court in 1842, out of one hundred certificates patents were refused on fourteen'of them; that those lands had been sold for taxes and conveyed under the statutes of Michigan;, and that the United
States either retain those lands or have conveyed them to third parties..
Michigan does not warrant the title to lands sold for taxes. The deed, by the express words of the statute, when duly executed and recorded, "may be given in evidence in the same manner, and ivith like effect, as a deed regularly acknowledged by the grantor," &c. The government has no right to refuse a patent to a bondfide purchaser of land offered for sale. But where there has been fraud, or mistake, the patent maybe withheld, and every purchaser at a tax-sale
.2q2

462

SUPREME COURT.

Carroll v. Safford.

incurs the risk as to the validity of the title he purchases. He
incus'ihe same risk after the .emanation of the patent.: But.how this interferes with "1the primary. disoosition of the public lands," '
by the United.States, is not perceiyed. The sale for taxes is mAde on the presumptionthat the purchase from the government has been bona fide, and, if not o-jnade, the purchaser at the tax-sale acquires
no title, and consequently no -mbarrassment can arise in the future -disposition of the same-land by the government. * It is known to be universally the.practice in the west, where lands
are"purchased for a -residence and cultivation,, that the purchaser
entersimmediately into the possession of them., And it may also be-,observed, hat-in-,all the new states, lands'purchased of *the United States -have -uniformly been held liable to. be taxed before they are patented. And, indeed, in Ohio, under the credit system;
lands were taxed after the expiration of five years from the time of their purchase, although they had not been paid for in full. There was no compact made with Michi~oan", as with Ohio, not to tax lands
sold by the United States until after.Ihe 'xpiration of five years from the time of sale. -The court think that the, lands in question were
liable to taxation under the authorities of Michigan. It is contended "that such lands should not be taxed at their full
value, nor should they'be sold as if the claimant owned 'them in
fee." The statute does provide that the collveyance, under'a tax-sale,
.9"shall vest in the purchaser ai absolute estate in fee-simple',. &c.. Two. years and more are -rejquired to elapse after the tax shall be-
come due, before the land is liable to be sold; and the deed is nottQ be executed before the lapse of two years after the sale, during -which time the owner has a right to redeem. This is a tardy pro-
ceeding, and gives ample time to non-residents for the payment of -their taxes, &c. The land should be estimated at its full value, as the owner, having paid for it, is subjected to no additional chargefor
the obtainment of the patent. And 'although the statute may purport to give a higher interest in the land than the owne; could convey, yet it does not follow that such title is inoperative. It must at least convey the interest which the owner has in the~lands. Or it may be that a highar interest is conveyed. But whether such a conveyance shall take effect as in fee, under the statute, when executed, or when the patent shall be issued, or at any time, it cannot be necessary now to inquire. The only inquiry is, whether the land should not-be estimated at its full value, and sold by the $tate for
the tax regularly assessed upon it. The effect of the title is. not now before us for consideration., Tle conveyance of real estate, whethei by deed or by operation of law, is subject to the law of the
state; and it is difficult to say that any restraint can be imposed upon the local power on this subject. It cannot, however, convey - a better title to tde land sold for taxes than the orvner of such land2

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

46

'Carroll v. Safford.

to whom it stands charged, possessed at the time the taxes 'constituted a lien, or when the land was sold. Whether the legislature may not change the character of a title, so as to make that a legal title which before was only an equity, is a iery different question.
In" the case of the Lessee of Wallace v. Semour and Renich,
7 Ohio Rep. 156, the court held "that a purchaser at a sale for taxes can acquire a right which can be enforced in equity, although he h~ks been defeated at law." But that case grew out of the peculiar phraseology- of the statute. It was also decided that "where lands have been entered and surveyed in the military district, and sold for taxes before patented; that when patented, the patentee should hold the land subject to any claim which a purchaser at tax-
sale may have in conseqdence of such -sale." And in Lessee of Stuart v. 0. Parish, 6 Ohio Rep. 477, that a purchaser of land at a tax-sale, before a patent was issued, could nbt set up, in an action
of ejectment, the tax-deed against the patentee. In Douglass v. Dangerield, 10 Ohio Rep. 156, the court say, in referefice to taxing lands before the patent has been issued; "if the right to tax exists, and that it does there has not been any serious .question for .many years at least, it would'seem to follow that the right to collect must also exist."
Under the Michigan statutes, we have no doubt, the law-maling power intend6d to tax lands that had been entered and paid for, as
the lands in question, and that it had the power to impose the tax. The nature of the title of such lands,'under a tax-sale, not being involved in the points certified, we will not further discuss.
In regard to the fourth point certified, we entertain no doubt, that,
in a proper case, relief niay be' given in a court of equity. This may be done on the ground to prevent a cloud from being cast on the complainant's title, or to remove such cloud; to prevent multi-plicity of suits, or.to prevent an injurious act by a public officer, for
which the law might give no adequate redress. We answer'all the questions certified in the affirmative.

620

SUPREME COURT.

The United 8ates v. Marvin.

the places- not being the- sane. This change was refused at'the
land-office here, for the, reason that the decree excluded such a change until it was altered by the proper judicial authority. For' Itis purpose the petition for a re-learing was filed,. seeking to have the decree of 1830 reformed, and that part of it establishing'localitr
and botindaries set aside or disregarded, and the land located elsewhere. This the Superior Court of Edst Florida had no power to.
do, on the facts set ff6rth by the petition, because the decree of this court, made in affirmace of that made below, is conclusive on the inferior court; and it has no authority to disturb it by the mode proposed, but can only execute our mandate, and settle so much as remains to be done. For the .principles governing in like 'cases,
we refer to the ex parte application of Sibbald, and the rules there
laid down, (12 Peters, 09- 490,) to which nothing need be 'added; as they are altogether aders to the present proceeding, and show that the petition was properly dismissed.

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLATS, V. WILLIA MARVIN.
The act of .the 26th of May, 1830, pro-tiding for the final settlement of land claims in Florida, must be construed to contain the'same limitation of time within which claimt were to be presented is that provided by the act of 23d of May, 1828.
That limitation was one year. The courts of Florida, therefore, bad no right to receive a petition for the confirmation of an incomplete concession after the 26th.of May, 1831.
The case in 15 Peters, 329,, examined and distinguished from the present.
Tins was an appeal from the Superior Court for the district of East Florida.
It was a land- claim, and as the opinion of the court turned entirely'upon the q-uestion, whether or not the claim was filed in time in the .cotrtbelow, it is. only necessary t state thb circumstances which bear upon that point.
On the 23d of May, 1828, (1 Land Laws, 439,) Congress passed uwact, the 12th section of which was as follows:
"That any claims to lands,,tenements, and hereditaments, within the purview of this act, which shall not be brought by petition be. fore said court within one year from the passage of this act, or which, being brought before said court, shall, on account of the neglect or delay of the claimant, not be prosecuted to a final decision within two years, shall be for ever barred, bdth at law and in equity; and, no-other action at coInmon law, or proceeding in equity, shall ever thereafter be sustained in any court whatever."
On the 6th of May, 1830, another act was passed, (1 Land

JANUARY TER M, 1845.

621

The United States v..Marvin.

Laws, 466,) providing for the final settlement of land claims
in Florida. It confirmed certain claims under a league square, which: had been recommended for confirmation by the register and
receiver of the land-office, acting as commissioners in the district of East Florida, and then proceeded to enact by the 4th, section, as follows:
"1That all the remaining claims which have been presented ac-
cording to'law, and not finally acted upon, shall be adjudicated and finally settled upon the same conditions, restrictions, and limitations, in every respect, as are prescribed by the act of Congress, approved
23d May, 1828, entitled "An act supplementary to the'several acts
providing for the settlement and confirmation of private land claims in Florida."
On the 17th of June, 1843, Marvin filed in the clerk's office of the Superior Court for the district of East Florida, a petition, claiming title to seven thousand acres of land which had been. granted to
Bernardo Segui, in the year 1815, by Estrada, then the Governor of East Florida. He further stated that the claim had been presented to the commissioners, recommended by them to Congreis for
confirmation, aid confirmed by Congress to the extent of one league square, by the act of May 23, 1828.
An answer being filed on behalf of the United States, and sundry
matters being given in evidence by the -petitioner, the cause came on for trial, when the court decided that by the act.of Congress of
May 26, 1830, the claimant was not bound to fie his petition within one year from the passage of said act, and then proceeded to. decree in favour of the claim.
From this decree the United States appealed to this court. The cause was argued by Mr. Nelson, (attorney-general,) on be-
half of the United States, and by Mr. Marvin, for the defendant in
error. Mr. Nelson referred to the acts of Congress above cited, and said
that the question.under this head was, -whetherthe limitation of time prescribed by the act of 1828 was continued by the act of 1830.
The case in 15 Peters, 319, was relied upoh by the other side, and was the foundation of the opinion giver by the court belpw. Bilt
the point did not'arise in, that case, because there a petition had been fil- in time. In all other. land laws-there was a limitation, because the policy of the government was to have all land claims settled within.a given time.

Marvin argued in the following manner..
The p~tition in-this case was filed June 17, 1843, and the only point of any difficulty in the.-case, and the only one argued in the court below, is, whether the petition was filed in proper time.
The correct decision of this question depends upon the construction to be given to the 4th section of the-act of Congress ofMay 26,

6

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Marvin.

1830, entitled "An act to provide for the final settlement of land claims in Florida," and to the 12th section of the act of May 23d,
1828, entitled "An act supplenientary to the several acts providing. for the settlement and confirmation of private land claims in Florda.c
By the 4th section of the act of May 26, 1830, it is provided, that "all the remaining claims which have -been presented according to law, and not finally acted upon, shall be adjudicated and finally setled, upon the same conditions, restricti6ns, and limitations as are prescribed in the act of 1828." This claim had been presented, according to law, to the land commissioners, and by them presented to Congress, and recommended for confirmation. It remained to be finally settled, Congress confirming only to the extent of one league
square. Thepoint of difficulty, if any,-is ithetrue meaning.of the words
1'conditions, restrictions- and-limitations:" These words do not neces-' sarily mean a limitation as to time. By the 12th section of the act of May, 1828, claims were to be brought by petition before the court, within one year thereafter, i.. e. by May 23d, 1829, afid prosecuted to filial decision in two years, i. e. by May 23d, 1830. Yet the Con-
gress says, May 26, 1830,-more than two years afterward, that the remaining claims shall be adjudicated upon the same limitations, &c, as in the act of 1828, which would be impossible, if these
words included the idea of time; for the time to file -the petition,
and even for final decision, had already expired, and no proceedings could be had. But the Congress intended, by the 4th section of the act of 1830, .that the proceedings should be had for a final settlement. The title"of the act is, "to. provide for a final settlement," &c. These words then cannot intend a limitatioh as to the time of commencing proceedings, but mean those various conditions, restrictions, and limitations, in regard to the practice, course of proceedings, &c., &c., required by the act of 1828, and the Missouri act -aponthe same subject.
This point was argued in the case. of the United States v. Deles-
pine, 15 Peters, 319, and the court says, there "is iro direct limitation in the act of 1830." Will. the court imply a limitation as to time in this highly remedial statute, and by such implication defeat
a final settlement of these land claims, to effect which was the object of passing the act, and in wbich both parties are interested ; and
that, too, in a case where the minority of heirs repels any imputation of-laches on the part of the- claimants ? Justice and Ipblic'. policy are both aainst any such implication.

Mr.. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the court.
This is an appeal from a decree rendered by the Superior Court of the district of East Florida, by which it was adjudged that no liinitation existed to -the filing for adjudication a claim for land under thM acts of 23d May, 1828, and of 26th May, 1830.

-JANUARY TERM, 1845.

-23

The United States v. Marviv.

The petition to the Superior Court of Florida was filed in 1843 by Marvin, to have cinfirmed to him seven thousand acres of land on the river St. John's, by a concession in the first form made in favour of Don BerRardo Segui, on the 20th December, 1815, by Goverflor E~trado : and the first question presented below was, and is here, had the Superior Court jurisdiction to entertain the cause ? That court having adjudged' that the act of 1830 had no limitation in it,and our cenclusion being to the contiary, we will briefly state our reasons for reversing the decree and for or&ring the petition to be dismissed.
The first act conferring jurisdictipi on certain courts of the United States, to adjudge titles to land of the foregoing description, wqs that of May 26, 1824, and applicable to lands lying withiii the state
of Missoui and territory of Arkansas. By-the 5th section of that act it was 'declared, that all claims within its purview should Tbe
brought by petition before the District Court withinr two years from the passing of the act ; and vihen so brought before the court, if the claimant, by his own neglect or delay, failed to prosecute the cause to final decision within three years, he'should b'e for ever barred, both at law and in equity; and that no other action at common law, or proceeding in equity should ever thereafter be sustained, in any court whatever in relation to said claims.
By the act of 1828, sect. 6, the provisions of the act of 1824 were extended to the Superior Court of Florida, with some modifications; and among others by sect. 12, that any claims to lands within the purview of that act which should n6t be brought by petition before the proper court within one year from the passing of the act; or which, being brought before the court, should not on account of thd neglect or delay of the claimant, be prosecuted to a final decision within two years, should be for ever barred; and that no action at common law or in equity should ever thereafter be sustained in any court whatever. And by sect. 13, the decree was to be conclusive between the United States and the claimant.
The act of 1830, in its 1st, 2d, and 3d sections, confirms various claims; and in the 4th section declares, that all the remaining claims which had been presented according to law to certain boards of conimissioners referred to in the previous sections,
and not finally acted on by Congress, should be adjudicated and finally settled upon the same conditions, restrictions and limitations, in every respect, "as are prescribed'by the act of Congress approved
May 23, 1828, entitled an act supplementary to the several acts providiig for the settlement and confirmation of private land claims in Florida." The last law Of 1830 is also entitled an act to provide for the same purpose: It is supplementary to, and in effect re-enacts the law of 1828; carrying with it the entire provisions of the previous statutes, save in so far as previous parts of them were modi-
fied by subsequent conflicting provisions. The policy of Congress

"0'24

SUPREME OtTRT.
Price v.-S essionp.

·was to settle the claims m ,as short a time as practicable, so as to efiable the govenment to sell the public lands. which could not be done with propriety until the private claims were ascertained. As 'these'were niany in number, and for large quantities, no choice was :ift to the governmeit biut their speedy settlement, and severance -from the public domain; such his beenits anxious policy throughout, as appears, from almost every law passed on the subject. In f828 the time for filing p~titions-before the courts was even reduced from two, years. to one, and a positive bar interposed in case of failure. This policy we think Congress intende& to maintain, and that the *Qurtsof Florida had .no ju'ris diction to receive a petition for the confirmation of an iicomplete 'concession like the one b'efore us, after the 26th of May, 1831.
Some stress has been placed on the language employed by this 'court in 'Delspine's caie, 15 Peters, 329; and on which it is sup-
-posedthe court below founded its decree on the head ofjirisdictidn. There an amended petition.had been. filed after the expiration of a rear' from the 26th of May, 1831, and the, quiestion was.whether the
defective petition, 'filed-intime, had.saved th6 bar, and it was held that-it ha'd: But sb far ffom holding that no bar xisted, the contrary-is rather to be inferred; the direet question was neither d6cided
or intended to-be. . -For.the reasons stated,-we order the7 decree of-the Superior Court
of 'East Flbrida to be reversed, and direct that thd6 appellees! .peti-
tion be dismissed.

L.,WSjtyN PRICE, JUN., Fog THE uSE oF DmNrEL W. GArLLRY, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. MRTAA A. SEssIoNs.
'Where a testator devised certain pioperty to his infant daughter, to be delivered over to her when she should arrive at' the age of eighteen years, and the daunghter, at the age of-sixteen, married the executor who'had the principal management of the estate, and possession of the property'devised, he must be considered as holding it as executor, and not as husband.
The execuitors had no power to deliver the property to the daaughter, or to her guardian, or to her husband, before th" happening of the contingency mentioned'in the rill.
The law of the state of Mississippi, providinrg that a wife should retain such -property in hiar own right, notwithstanding her coverture, having gone into operation before the daughter arrived atthe age'Qf eighteen years, the distribution to her -mustbe considered to have been made under that law.
The property, there'fore, cannot be xespdnsible for the husband's debts.
Tins case was brought up, by writ of error, from, the Circuit Couit of the United States for the southern-diStrict of Mississippi.
The fats were these: iJune, 1836, l6usseHi Smith died, leaving a will, the second sect.ioi

JANUARY TERM 1845.

JOSEPH CHAZIRrS, EXECuTOit oF BENrXAmI CHAIES, .DECEASED, AN4D PETER MIRANDA AND GAD HUImPHREYS, APPEJ.LANTS, v. THE UNITED
STATES.
Where this court has affirmed the title to lands in Florida, and referred, in its decree, to a particular survey, it would not be proper.for the couit below to open the case' for a re-hearing, for the purpose of adopting"another survey.
The court below can only execute the mandate of this court. It has no authority to disturb the decree, and-can only settle what remains to be done.

Tms was an appeal fronm the Superior Court f East Florida, and a sequel to the case reported in 10 Peters; 308.
The appellants filed in the court below the following petition:

"To the Honourable Isaac H. Bronson, judge of the .Superior Court in and for the eastern district of Florida.
"The petition of Joseph Chaires, of the said territory,, executor
of the.last will and testament of Benjamin Chaires, late of the same territory, but now deceased, Peter Miranda; and Gad Humphreys, respectfully showeth:
" That the said Benjamin Chaires, Peter Miranda, and. Gad Humphreys; heretofore, to wit, on the 11th day of May, which was in the .year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, filed their petition in the office of the clerk of this honourable court
in terms of an act of Congres$ of the United. States, entitled an act.
supplementary to the several'acts providingfor the settlement and confirmation of privaite land claims in Florida, approved on. the 23d of May, in the year one thousand uight htlndred and twenty-eight, praying for the confirmation of certain claims t6 lands therein specified, and founded on a title made and granted by his excellency Don Jose Coppinger, lieutenant-colonel of the royal armies of Spain, civil and military governor of the territory of Florida, then subject
and belonging to his Catholic Majesty, the King of Spain, and chief of the royal exchequer of the city of St. Augustine, Florida, to Js6 de la,Maza Arredondo.
"That the attorney of the United States in. and for said district, duly appearedj and answered the said petition; and thereupon such proceedings were had in the said court, that afteiwards, on the 24th day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hun-. dpreetidtioannedrst;hiratyn-dfotuhre; asa.didecrceoeurwt adsidretnhdeerreeudpotnheroeridnerin, faadvjuoudrgeo,f tahned"decrethet the clain of the said petitioner was valid, and that, i
accordance with the laws and customs of Spain,.and under and by

virtue United

oSf ttahtees

traenadtySopfainam, irtayti,fiesedttlbeymetnhte,

Panredsidliemnitts,ofbetthweeeUnnittehde

States on the 22d day of February, ne thousand eight hundred

aid twenty-one, and under and by virtue of the laws of nations and

of the United" States the said claim was thereby -confirmed,

ad-

612

SUPREME COURT.

Chaires et al. to..he United'States.

judged, and decreed, unto the said claimant, to the extent, for the

number of acres, .and at the place specified in the gr.anf for the said

land, to Jos&.de la Maza Arredbndo; and as in the certificate and

plat of the same, made by- Andres Burgevin, dated the 14th of Sep-

tember, in the year. of our Lord one thousand eight hundred- and

nineteen, and. fully in the said cause is get forth, that is to say-

"-A piece of.land, which contains twenty thousand acres, situated

on both margins of a creek, known as Alligator creek, said land

commencing a little above the head of said creek, and embracing

an Indian town, distant about eighty miles- from the port of Buena

Vista; and about forty miles to the north-west of Payne's Town-its

first line running n6rth -twenty degrees west, three hundred and

·fifty-sven chains, -begins at a pine marked X, and ends at another

marked _; the second line running south seventy degrees west,

five hundred'and 'sixty chains, and ending at a stake; the third line

running south twenty degrees east, three hundred and fifty-seven

chains, and ending at a pine marked II ; and the fourth'line running

north seventy degrees east, five hundred and sixty chains.

"That an appeal was taken from the decree, so rendered -in this

honourable court, to the Supreme Court of the United States, by the

attorney of the said United States, -inand for the said territory, and

such proceedings were thereupon had in the said Supreme Court,

that afterwards, on the day -of

; in the year of our Lord

one thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, the decree of this honour-

able court was affirmed; and.thereupon the mandate of the-said

Supreme Court was awarded, directifig the same to be carried into

-effect.

",And your petitioner further shows to your honour, that upon

application to the proper officer of the United-States, to carry the

said depree into effect, by-admeasuring to your petitioner the lands

specified in-the grant, it appears that there is error in rendering the

said decree, and that the same requires iobe reforined, in this"That in and by the decree of this honourable court, hereinbe-

fore alleged and affirmed, in manner hereinbefore set forth by the

Supreme Court, your petitioher's claimn was confirmed, adjudged,

and decreed to be valid ' to the eitent, -for,the number. of acres,

and at the place a'sin the grant to the said-lid to Jos6 de la Maza

Arredondo,' bht iti.s-added in the said decree, ' and as in the cer-

tificate and plat-of survey-of -the same, made by Don Andres Bur-

gevin, and dated the-14th Septehber, one thousand eight hundred

and nineteen, and filed herein, is set forth, to wit,' &c., &c. ; and

the said decree thereafter proceeds to recite the metes and bounds

as specified and set forth in the survey made by the said Don An-

dres Burgevin.

"That the land granted to Jos6 de ]a Maza Arredondoi'and, in

the decree before referred to, confirmed arid adjudged to your peti-

tioner, is described in the royal grant or title to property, also before

JAN.UARY TERM, 184.

613

Chaires et al. v. The United States.

herein referred to, to consist of 'twenty thousand acres of land, with title of absolute property, of those known as Alachua, about eighty miles distant from this city (of St. Augustie) at a placeknown as "Big Hammock," about twenty miles from the river Lawanee westward, about sixty miles from St. John's.' While the land specified in the survey of Don Andres Burgevin is described as follows: Itwenty thousaud acres of land, situated on both margins of a creek known as Alligator creek. Said land condmences a* little above the head of said- creek, and embraces an Indian town, distant about eighty miles from the .post at Buena Vista, and about forty to the porth-west of Pa ne's town, &c., &c.'
"1That the land specified in the said survey does not conform to, or correspond with, the land described in the said grant, and that the surveyor-general of. the United States has-therefore been- unable to execute the decree of this lionourable courtraffirmed as aforesaid by the Supreme Court of the United States, and to. admeasure to your petitioner the land adjudged to him by the said decree.
"That forasmuch as the land specified in the said grant to Jos6 de la Maza Arredondo. is, by the decree aforesaid, adjudged to your petitioner, ' to the extent, for the number of a&res, and at the place, as in the grant for said land,' your petitioner is entitled to have the same admeasured to him according to the terms of the said grant, and the description therein contained; and that if the said survey of Don Andres Burgevin conflcts with the said grant, the said survey must yield to, and be controlled by, the terms of the grant.
"Your petitigner fiirther shows to your honour, that the said -land was duly surveyed and.admeasured, and a plat thereof made and returned to this honourable court, and given in evidence in said cause, by Joshua A. Coffee, a competent and qualified surveyor, but that the same was omitted in the transcript of the record sent to the Supreme Court of the United- States, although the fact of its having been given in evidence appears in the said transcript, a copy
of which said survey is hereunto annexed..
"1Your petitioner further shows to yourhonour, that the surveyor-
general of the United States hath refused to execute the said decree. by admeasuring for your petitioner the land thereby confirmed and
adjudged to him, and that, upon application to .the commissioner
of the General Land-office, he hath in like manner refused so to do, until the said decre6 shall have been reformed by the, competent
authority.
"uWt herefore, your petitioner prays this honourable court, the pre-
mises aforesaid being considered, and due proof thereof being made,
that "the said decree may be reformed, and to that end, that a
rehearing of the said cause in thig .behalf may be granted; that the title of your petitioner to the twenty thousand acres of land, specified
in the grant to Jos6 de la Maza Arredondo may be adjudged to your
petitioner according to the terms and specifications'of the said grant, -'3F

014

SUPREME C.O'URT.

-Chires et aL v. The United States.

and the survey of the said Joshua A. Coffee, a copy whereof is hereunto filed; or according to a survey to be made under the order - of this court, by the surveyor-general of 'the territory of Florida, in conformity to the description of the 4aid land in the said grant specified and set forth, to be returned int6 thd registry of this honourable court; and'that he may have such'other and further relief, as in the wisdlom of this honotrable court shall seem meet and right in the remises; and your petitioner; &c., &c., &c.,
In une, 1844, the court, after hearing an argument decided that the-petition for rehearing could not be entertained, anA ordered it to ,be dismissed.
From this decree the petitioners appealed to this court.,

.Berrei n, for the appellants. N'elson, (attorney-general,) for the United States.
Berrien, after stating the case, id: this petition'was dismissed by the Dis'trict Court, on the ground that it had not been'filed in time.
The-relief sought by the petitioner is therefore resisted solely on the gouhd 'that 'too much time has elapsed since he decree wasrendered, to' entitle'them to it.
They have the decree of this court affirming their title to twenty 'thousand acres of land, specified',in their grant, and at the place therein specified.
The ministerial officer of the government refuses to admeasure the land so awarded to them, according to the terms of the grant; becaue the decree also'refers to en inconsistent description contained inthe survey of Burgeyin.
And an application to have the decree reformed, according to'the clear and manifest fitent of the edurt, is resisted on the ground of time.
S*This objection'-is sustained by, a refezende to the rules established ,in the English courts of chancery, and recogised here in cases to which they apply, in relation to applichtions ,for a rehearing, and
bills of revivor. And to the argument from analogy, drawn'from the limitation of
time' in our statute, "withinwhich appeals may be entered, and writs 'of error sued out.
As' to the first objection: it is submitted that the rules which regulate the proceedings of courts of chancery, in the exercise of their general jurisdiction over cases, between individual parties, are not applicable to this proceeding.
This case-was brought before the court below, and' subsequently -transferredto this 'court, hot by- an appeal to the general .-chancery -jurisdiction of either, but under the special authority given to these
courts by'the act of 18.28, providing for the settlement and c-onfirmation of prvate land claims in Fl6ridp, and those 'other acts.to whichit refers.'
,The proceeding was by petition; which was required to be coii-

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

615

Chaires etal. v. The United&States.

ducted according to the -rules of a court of equity; and certain limitations of time were prescribed, within which~petitions were -to be -filed, and appeals to be entered.
But the court,was required to settle and determine the validity of the title, by a final decree, and the successful claimant was entitled to a copy of the decree, and the admeasuiement by the surveyorgeneral of the land awarded, with a certificate of such admeasurement, for the purpose of obtaining a patent from the commissioner of the General Land-office.
No time is specified within which the duties of these. officers are
to be respectively performed. But 'in the case of a successfi claimant, their acts constitute part
of the res gesta. They are part of the proceeding;- and.the District court must, in such case, retain possession of the cause, until the mandate of this court is carried into execution.
Its intervention may, in various ways,.be necessary to direct, or speed the action of the ministerial officers of the United States,
Neither the enrolment of .the decree in this court, nor of the mandate in the court below, can conclude the cause, and fix a period from which the time for filing a petition for a rehearing, or bill of revivor, is to run.
The case remains open, always liable to be.acted oii by the court below, until the mandate is executed.
No time is prescribed by the act, within which the duties of the surveyor-general are to be performed. The nature of these duties forbade it. Itwas to survey wild lands in trackless forests.
In point of-fact, the decision of the surveyo.r-general, and of the commissioner of the General Land-office, that this decree, in its present form, could not be executed, was only obtained immediately before the application to the court below.
If they erred in that decision, had not thd District Court power, in the exercise of its authority, to carry the mandate of this court into execution to correct that error, and to require the survey to be made according to its interpretation of the decree'? That was one. of the prayers of the petitioners.
No application could be made here. The case had passed from this court with its mandate.
It remained with the court below to superintend the execution of the mandate; and must therefore have remained open in that court.
That whi6h is here contended is, that neither the time at which the decree is pronounced,.in this court, nor that when tke mandate is filed in 'the court below, can be considered as the starting point,. from which the limitation applicable to petitions for rehearing, and bills of revivor, is to be computed.
This seems to result inevitably from the mode of proceeding. The decree of this court is spoken of. But the proceeding here
is but an affirmance of the decree of the court below. ,

616

SUPREME COURT.

Chaires, et al. v. The United States.

The mandate is the certificate of that affirmance, and the case is remanded to the DistrictiCourt for "¢such further proceedings," as. acc6rding to right and justice, and the laws of the United States, ought to be had. It is then necessarily open in that court.
It may do whatever " right and justice," and " the laws of the United States," require to be done.
Here it is obvious that this application is.founded on such matter. The impossibility of reconciling the different paits .of this decree, so as to give it effect, could only be ascertained (from the vagueness
of. this, as of al-ofner Spanish grants,) by the experimental surveys of the United States officer.
This suggestion withdraws the case at -bar from the authority of that of Thomas and Brockenborough, and of the rules of the English
chancery.
Repeated experimental surveys were necessary, for the purpose of ascertaining whether the lines of surveys lying in the supposed vicinity of those specified in this grant would correspond with those of the survey referred to in the decree. I was only when this had been done, that the impossibility of carrying this decree int6'effect, without abandoning the lines of the survey of Burgevin, and resorting to those in the grant, and the survey of Coffee, could be ascertained.
No laches can be imputed to the petitioners, because the time which has since elapsed is not within any legal or equitable limitation.
The ground upon which, however, it is apprehended that this case
Ought to be put is, that this case was still open in.the tourt 'below for the purpose of this petition.
The petitioners had a final decree in their favour, as ascertaining
their title to twenty thousand acres. As they were required to do, they applied to the surveyor to ad-
measure their land to them. This, after repeated efforts, in a wild country, he failed to do, al-
leging certain errors in the decree. When 'this was ascertained, application was made to the court be-
low, so to reform the decree as 'to give the petitioners the benefit of it in some form.
Thiis was refused, solely on the ground that such petition could not now be received.
If, therefore, this cause is open for any. purpoge, in the District Court, as we apprehend all such cases must be, while the surveyor
is engaged in making the survey, in 6bediehce to the mandate; if that court could have granted relief irk any form, upon p~titibn, to the appellants, then we suppose that its judgment must be reversed, as the petition contains a prayer for geneal relief.

.Nelson'sargument was this: This is an appeal from the decision of the Siperior Cowt of the

JANUARY TERM, 1845

617

Chaires et-al. v. The Uni.ted States.

district of East Florida, rendered on a petition exhibited in said court by the appellants praying for certain relief, and which was dismissed by said court. The error alleged is, that the decree of

dismissal was improvidently passed. 'The petition is spread upon the record, and need not be repeated

here.

It is sufficient to state, that it seeks to reform a decree of the court

to which it was presented, passed on the 24th day-of November, 1834, and which wis, at the January term, 1836, of this court, upon

an appeal prosecuted by the United States, affirmed. 10 Peters,

308.

..The object sought to be effectuated is to make the decree availa. ,ble for other lands than those covered by it, under an allegation that the recitals in'said decree are erroneous, and this it is proposed to

do by the instrumentality of the petition set out'in the record. The appellee maintains that the court below, in dismissing the pe-
tition, committed no error, and that the same ought not to have been entertained by'it, because of the lapse of time from the rendition of the decree proposed to be reformed, to the exhibition of the petition

in this case. The proceedings in the court of Florida were had in pursuance of
the provisions of the act of Congress of the 23d of MaF, 1828, entitled "Ant- act supplementary to the several acts providing for the settlement and confirmation of private land-claims in Florida," the 6th section of which provides, that " all claims, &c., shall be received and adjudicated by the judge of the Superior Court in which the land lies, upon the petition of the claimant, according to the forms, rules, regulations, conditi6ns, restrictions, and limitations, prescribed. to the district judge, and claimants in the state of Missouri, by act of Congress, approved May .26th, 1824, entitled ' An act enabling the claimants to lands, within the limits of the state of Missouri and" territory of Arkansas, to institute proceedings to try the validity of their clainis.'

The 2d section of the act last referred to declares, "that every petition, which shall be presented, under the provisions of this act, sha'U be conducted according to the rules of a court of equity."

The question then to be decided is, in the view entertained by the

appellees, whether, according.to those rules, the i5etition for a rehearing, filed in this case, was in time to 'justfy the court below in opening the original decree?

This was passed 6n the 24th day ot November, 1834, and was affirmed in this court in January, 1836, and the present petition was filed on the 21st day of May, 1844.

A rehearing will not be granted, if once the decree has been enrolled, even if otly one of several defendants has caused the enrol-

ment. 1 Schoales & Lefroy, 234. 'Whatever may be the capacity of a bill of revivor or review, to

VoL. IU.-78

3F2

618-

SIPREM, COURT.
Chaires et'&I.'. Th Unitef&St-atds.

oper-a decree thus eirolled; a petition for a rehearing is incompetent to such an, nd iBennt . Veffr,2 Johns. Ch. Rep. 305,-3 Ch.
Rep. 94. But in this case, the lapse of time, in(analogy'to. the principles of
law applicable to limitations) is a bar to any relief undef this petition, ifn,ot, indeed, under any form of proceeding. 10 Wheat. 146;
8 Peters, 123. The 22d stction of the Judiciary Act of. September 24, 1'780,
limits Writs-of error and appeal-to -five-yeari. 1 Story's Laws, 60; 2 Ibid. 9,05, 906, sect. 5; McClung v. Silliman,. Wheat: 598.
Appeals in cases arising under the act of 1828- are 'overned by the 7th and 9th sections thereof.
_ And the 12th.secti6n provides, that claims iot brought oryprosecuted to final decision within t3o years shall be barred.
Besides, in this'-case, a mandate had been sent down from the Supreme Court to the Superior Court of Florida; and after a mandate.
no rehearing will be granted. Sibbald v. The United States, 12 Peters, 492, and authorities there cited.
It is a mistake to sulpose, that the object of this petition was to operate upon a ministerial officer, the surveyor-general, in the exe-. cution of the decree of the court ; its purpose was to reform the detree itself, and to assert, substantially, a new claim. This, it is respectfully insisted, it is not competent for the appellants to-do in the form they have adopted.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion -ofthe court.
On the facts presented, one consideration is whether the petition
was dismissed for a proper reason. The petition was moved on by the claimant's counsel-and resisted on the ground that it had not been filed within the time allowed by law, and the rulesIof the court.-: and it is insisted it was dismissed for this reason, which is insufficient; as the-bar of five years cannot be interposed under the circumstances. If this had been the reason given, it would be imma'terial, if the order was proper for other reasons. The 32d section of the Judiciary Act prescribes the duty of this court in such cases,
and directs it to prodeed and give judgment according to the right of the cause, and matter inlaw, without regard .to any imperfections
in the judgment. .But we do not apprehend any imperfection to exiit; the court
says-" Itis considered that a petition for a reheaing cannot now be entertained by this court, in this cause :" And why not? In 1829, a proceeding was instituted in the Superior Court of.EastFlorida by the claimants for the c6nfirmation of a claim for twenty thousand acres of land granted to Arredondo: In 1830 that court declared the titie valid, on the face of the title-papers ; this fact existing, the next presented for ascertainment was the sufficiency of the description as to the general locality of the land granted. B3ut the duties of the.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

619

Ohaires et al. v. The United States.

court did not end here; by the 2d section of the act of 1824 it was
not only given full power and authority to hear and determine all questions arising in the "causerelative to the validity of the title, and the descriptive identity'of location on the face of the title; but thirdly to settle the precise boundaries of the land on the ground; founding its decree on an existing survey, if a proper one was produced, and if not, to let -the party proceed according to the 6th section of the
act. On the face of the- title no material difficulty seems to have arisen; but to identify the land called for was most difficult, and probably impossible: If the grant had been unaided by a survey,'it cannot well be perceived how"it could have escaped from the principles on which were rejected the claims of Forbes, Buyck, and Joseph Delespine, (found in 15 Peters,) and of Miranda, (in 16 Peters.)
To avoid doing so, the land was decreed by metes and line-marks, founded on a survey (purporting to have been made for the land granted) by Don Andres Burgevin on thel14th of September, 1819.
This survey, it is contended, is fqr land lying in a different locality
from that referred to in the grafit, and being so, it is urged, that according to the rulings of this court, no survey could be made for any other land than that granted after the 24th of January, 1818 ; as this'would in beffect be a hew grant, which the treaty prohibited after, that date, according, to the cases of Clarke and Hftertas, in 8 and 9 Peters,'and that. of Forbes, 15 Peters, 182 ; and there being no equivalent provided in the grant to except the case from these principles; the survey could not legally be the basis of a decree.
This may have been true, and, the decree for the land contained in Burgevin's survey erroneous; but the question i, whether the court below had any-power to correct it. If it had not, then no petition for such purpose could fte heard, either on the part of the
United States, or the claimants in that court. From the decree made in 1830, an appeal was prosecuted by the
United States to this court.; the claimants rested conterit, and prosecuted no cross appeal. 10 Peters, 308. On a hearing, the decree below was affirmed for the specific land, and the cause -remanded for furtther proceedings, t6 the end that a patent might -issue, pur-
suant to the 6th section of the 'act of 1824, which declares it shall be for the land "specified in the decree;" and prohibits a survey for any other land, unless that decreed- has been disposed of, when a change is authorized by the 11th section; but as no other qppro-
priation of the land set forth in the decree -is alleged to exist, this circumstance ig out of the present case,
The claimants not.being willing to take. the land in Burgevin's survey, assumed the right to have a resurvey made, or to have' adopted that made by oshua0 A. Coffee, on their behalf, in 1834, which they allege is at the place.called for in the grant; and this on the ground that the decree of 1830 is inconsisterit, it being in confirmation of the land granted, and also of Burgevin's survey-

620

SUPREME COURT.

The United 8ates v. Marvin.

the places- not being the- sane. This change was refused at'the
land-office here, for the, reason that the decree excluded such a change until it was altered by the proper judicial authority. For' Itis purpose the petition for a re-learing was filed,. seeking to have the decree of 1830 reformed, and that part of it establishing'localitr
and botindaries set aside or disregarded, and the land located elsewhere. This the Superior Court of Edst Florida had no power to.
do, on the facts set ff6rth by the petition, because the decree of this court, made in affirmace of that made below, is conclusive on the inferior court; and it has no authority to disturb it by the mode proposed, but can only execute our mandate, and settle so much as remains to be done. For the .principles governing in like 'cases,
we refer to the ex parte application of Sibbald, and the rules there
laid down, (12 Peters, 09- 490,) to which nothing need be 'added; as they are altogether aders to the present proceeding, and show that the petition was properly dismissed.

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLATS, V. WILLIA MARVIN.
The act of .the 26th of May, 1830, pro-tiding for the final settlement of land claims in Florida, must be construed to contain the'same limitation of time within which claimt were to be presented is that provided by the act of 23d of May, 1828.
That limitation was one year. The courts of Florida, therefore, bad no right to receive a petition for the confirmation of an incomplete concession after the 26th.of May, 1831.
The case in 15 Peters, 329,, examined and distinguished from the present.
Tins was an appeal from the Superior Court for the district of East Florida.
It was a land- claim, and as the opinion of the court turned entirely'upon the q-uestion, whether or not the claim was filed in time in the .cotrtbelow, it is. only necessary t state thb circumstances which bear upon that point.
On the 23d of May, 1828, (1 Land Laws, 439,) Congress passed uwact, the 12th section of which was as follows:
"That any claims to lands,,tenements, and hereditaments, within the purview of this act, which shall not be brought by petition be. fore said court within one year from the passage of this act, or which, being brought before said court, shall, on account of the neglect or delay of the claimant, not be prosecuted to a final decision within two years, shall be for ever barred, bdth at law and in equity; and, no-other action at coInmon law, or proceeding in equity, shall ever thereafter be sustained in any court whatever."
On the 6th of May, 1830, another act was passed, (1 Land

SUPREME COURT.
JOHN LAN AND -SARAH C. LANE, WIFE OF THE SAID JOHN, AND ELIZABETH IRION, AN INF4NT UNDER TWENTY-ONE YEARS, WHO SUES jY
JOHn LANE HER NEXT FRIEND, COMPLAINANTS AND APPELLANTS, V.
JOHN W- .VICE,SAILGEANT S. PRENTISS ET AL., DEFENDANTS.
Newit 'Vick made the following devises, viz.2dly. I will and bequeath unto my beloved wife, Elizabeth Vick, one equal share
of all my personal estate, as is to be divided between -her and all of my children, as ler own right, and at her own disposal during her natural life; and also, for the term of her life on earth, the tract of land at the Open'Woods on ·which I now reside, or the tracts near the river, as she may choose, reserving two hundred acres however, on the upper part of the uppermost tract, to be laid offin town lots at the discretion of my executrix aud executors. dly. I will and dispose to each of my daughters, one equal proportion with my sons and wife, of all my personal estate as they come of age or marry; and to my'sons, one equal part of said personal estate as they come of age, together with all bf my lands, all of which lands I wish to be appraised,.valued, and divided when my son Westley arrives at the age of twenty-one years, the said Westley baving one part, and my son William having the other part of" the tracts unclaimed by my wife, Elizabeth; and I bequeath to my son Newit, at the death of my said wife, that tract which she may prefer to occupy. I wish it to be-distinctly understood, that that'part of my estate which my son Hartwell has received shall be valued, considered as his, and as a part of his. portion qf my estate.. I wish my executors, furthermore, to remember, that the town lots now laid off, and hereafter to be laid off, on the aforementioned two hundred acres of land, should be sold to pay my'iust debts, or other engagements, in'preference to any other of my properly, for the use and benefit of all my heirs. From the-provisions'of the will it appears.not to have been the intention of the testator to include the town lots-,inthe devise of-his lands to.his sons. But thege town lots must be sold, after the payment of debts, for the 'use and benefit of all the heirs of the testaor. The'mere construction 'of a will by a State Court, does not, as the construction, of a .statute of t.e state, constitute a rule of decision for the courts of the United States. "k such construction by a State Court had been long acquiesced in, so.as to become a rule of property, this court would follow it.
Tins was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the southern district of Mississippi, sitting as a court, of equity.
The case was this. In 1819, Newit Yick, a citizen f the state of Mississippi, died, leaving a wife 'and the followi' children': So .- Ha"ell Vick, John 'Wesfley Vick, William Vick, Newit H. Vick. . Daughters.-Nancy, Sarah, Mary, Eliza, Lucy, Matilda, Amanda, 'Martha, Emily. ".The wife, however, died in ; few minutes after her husband. In .October, 1819, the will of the deceased was admitted to pro, bate in, the Orphan's Court of Warren'county, and was as follows: "In the name of God, Amen!' I, Newit Vick, of Warren county, and state of Mississippi, being of perfect mind and'memory, and'

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

465,

Lane et a]. v. Vick et aL

calling to inind the mortality of life, and knowing that it was appointed for all men once to die, do make and ordain this my last will and testament, in the manner and form following, to wit:
"1Primarily, and first of all, I give and dispose my*soul'into the hands of Almighty God, who gave it, and my body, I recommend to be buried in a Christian-like and decent manner,.according to the discretion of my executors.
it2dly. I -ill and blqueath" unto my beloved wife, Elizabeth
Vick, one equal share of all my.personal estate, as is to be divided between her and all of my children, as her own right,, and at her' own disposal during her natural life ; and also, for the term of her life on earth, the tract of land at the Open Woods on which I now reside, or the tracts near the river, as she may choose, reserving two hundred acres howcver, on the upper part of the uppermost tract, to be laid off in town lots at the discretion of my eikecutrix' ahd
executors. 13dly. I will ahd dispose to each 6f my danughters,-one equal
proportion with my sons and wife, of all my personal estate as they comd of age or marry; and to my sons, one equal part of said personal estate as they come of age, together with all of my lands, all of which lands I wish -to be appraised, valued, and divided when my son Westley arrives at the age of twenty-one years, the .,aid Westley having one part, and my son William aving the other pait of the tracts unclaimed by my wife, Elizabeth; and .bequeath. to my son Newit, at the death of my said wife, that tract which she -may.prefer to occupy. I wish it to be distinctly understood, that that part of my estate which my son Hartwell has received shall bp valued, considered as his, and as a part of his portion of my estate.
4thly and lastly. I hereby nomiate and appoint my beloved wife Elizabeth, my son Hartwell, and my nephew Willis B. Vick, my sole and only executrix and executors -of this iny last will and testament. It is, however, furthermore my wish that the aforesaid Elizabeth should keep together the whole of my property, both real personal, reserving the provisions before made, for the raising, edu-
cating, and benefit of the before-mentioned children. "It must be remembered, that the lot of two acres on the bank
of the river on which a saw-mill house is erected, belongs to riyself, son Hartwell, and James H. Center, when the said Center pays his proportional part.
"I wish my executors, furthermore, to remember, that the town
lots now laid off and hereafter to be laid off, on the aforemention'ed two hundred acres of land, should be sold to pay my just debts, ,x
other engageaents, in preference to any other of my property,f'6r the use and benefit of all my heirs, and that James H. Center bave a title made to him for one lot already laid off of half an acre in said two hundred acres, and on which he has ,builded, when he
pays to my executors the sum of three hundred dollars. VOL. 1I.-59

"466

9UPREME COURT, Lane et al. v. Vick et al

"In. testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal,

this 22d day of August, in the year of our Lord 1819.

"The words interlined, ' for the use and benefit of all my heirs,'

before signed.

NEwiT Vicx, [snA'L.]

FosT COOK,

EDWIN CooK,

B. Acx."

The wife being dead, Hartwell, one of the executors, virtually

renounced the executorship, and Willis the other executor gave the

necessary bond and took out'letters testamentary; but being in bad

health, he was; with his own consent, removed. John Lane, one

of the' complainants who had married Sarah, one of the daughters

of the:tesiator, then took out letters of administration with the will

annexed, and filed accounts, from time to time, until the year 1829,

when he filed his final account and was discharged. He reported"

the sale of sixty-seven town lots at various prices and to various

persons. The debts of the. testator were all paid.

In 1831, John Westley Vick sold a-portion of his interest, which

was subdivided by sundry mesne conveyances, and came into the

possession of severalholders.

In 1838, the plaintifis%being residents of Louisiana and Tennessea; filed their bill against all the other descendants of the testator

and claimants uAider them. It recited the facts aibove set forth, anA
proceeded thus : ' (Your orators would further allege, that 'some years since the
said Willis B. Vick departed this life, and that for some years all the executors -ofthe last will and testament of said Newit Vick have been dead. 'Your orators allege, that only a few lots had been laid off-and sold by Newit Vick, in his lifetime, and that your orator, John Lane, as administritor, with the will annexed, laid off by actual survey the said town of Vicksburg, off of the upper end of the uppermost tractd, referred to in said will; -which will, as your honours will perceive, directed the same to-be done. Lots and parts of lots have,been sold from time to' time by the.said administrator, and the amounts of the sales applied to the payment and liquidation of the debts- of the said Newit Vick, until all the debts which he, the said Newit Vick, owed, so fat as are known, have been paic off and dischcahrgde.y w(5uld further, state, that there yet remain lots and parts

bf lots, and parcels of ground in said town, and on said two hundred icres, which are unsolyl, Etnidmore especially, that part of said town
known by'the -name of 'Commons,'and ' Levee street,' which have descehded to the heirs of said Newit Vick, hereinafter mentioned. They would further represent, that the powers of said Lane, admi-
nistrator, to sell the unsold lots; parcels of ground, as above stated aforesaid, have been doubted and biought into question, which
rencels it to him a matter of prudence and sound discretion to

SANUAR Y TERM; 1845.

467

Lane et al. v. Vick-et al.'

stop the sales, since the debts of Newit Vick have-been paid, and ask the advice-oof this honourable dourt, sitting in chancery, who have the- burden, and whos duty it is t,explain the nature of all .trusts, and decree the performance of te same, to say what shall be done with the residue of -the unsold lots, and parts of lots, commons, Levee street, &c., in said town, and on said two hundred acres."
It concluded thus:-"Your orators piay your honeurs, upon a final he ring of this cause1 to-decree a division aid partition of the -aforesaid lots, parts of Iots,-common, and'Levee street,:to be made between them-and the other- heirs -of Newit Vick; and that said claimants shall be put into possesionof the partallotted.to her or them, and that the defendants- shall -account for the rents and profits which they hgve respectively received., Or ifa.pdrtiti-n and'divisi~n of the ground aforesaid, as above asked for, is not, in the opinion of this honourable 6burt, carrying the -willof the testator, Newit Vick, into full and complete effect, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, theA may your honours decree -and order the said John Lane, administrator with the will annexed, to proceed- to.sell said grounds, upon sftch terins and credits axsyout may deem' proper, and then distribute the money among 4he several claimants, according -to their respective interests, and grant all such other relief ds to justice may belong." Some of the defendants answerdd'the bill, admitting the truth of its statemeits, and conicurring'in the prayer-for a division, "among the 4everaI claimants, according" to the nature and extent of them as heirs, and also under the will of Newit Vick ;"' others concurred
generally, mad praed that their parts might he allotted to them. The parties made defendants; as vendees, &c., to wit, Prentiss,
&c.,'demurred to ihe"bill-;'and the cause being'set 'down for hearing on this state of preparation, the court, ia June, 1842, sustained. 4he demurrer, and-dismissed the bill.
Fronthis'decrea the complainants-appealed.
Ben Hardin, (in.print,) for the plaintiffs-i -error. Crittenden, fur the dpfpndants inerror. '

This is one of the cases which was argued during 'an unavoidable
absence of"the Reporter- and- altiiough he iVesnabled to give Mr.' .Fardin's argument, he -regrets- that he cannot furnish that of Mr. Crittenden.

.Hardin,After stating the case, proceeded thus:-
From the face of the will, and also the statements of the bill,.it appears that the testator owned a tract of land in the Open Woods, a few miles froni the Mississippi river, on which he resided at his

468

SUPREME CO6URT.

Lane et al. v. Vick et al.

death; and also two tracts and parcels of land, included in one survey, on the Mississippi, immediately below and adjohiing the Wal.nut Hills. The lands on the Mississippi had only been surveyed when the testator died, and-patented after.his death. The second clause in.the will gives to the.wife of the testator, "for the term of her life on earth, the tract of land at the Open Woods, on which he then resided, or the tracts near the river,.as she may choose, reserving two-hundred acres, however, on -the upper part of the uppermost.tract, to .be laid off in town lots; at the discretion of my executrix and executors." The court will perceive that the two hundred acres, on which the town.was to be laid off, are expressly reserved out of the -devise to the wife of the testator. In the , hird clause of the will-there .is the f6llowing devise: "And to my sons, one equal part of my said personal estate, as -they come of age, together with all my lands, all of which lands I wish to be appraised, valued, and divided, when my son Westley arrives at the age of twenty-one years; "the said Westey having the one part, and my son William having the other part of my tracts unclaimed by my wife Elizabeth; and I bequeath to my son Newit, at the death of my said wife, the tract she may prefer to occupy." The-question from this clause is, what lands weri disposed of by it? I contend it is ll his lands, except the tW'O hundred acres directe'd to -be laid off into town lots, because -the objects the testator lia6" in view in laying.off the town into lots, and selling the same for the.payment "of his debts afid liabilities," ard. utterly inconsistent - and incompatible with devising. the same away to his sons. And -the expression, "all my lands,"
must be understood to mean, except the two hundred acres reserved
for the town. Should it be contended that the expression, "all my
lands," .will embrace the two hundred acres to be laid off into town
lots, leaving the executors power'6 sell so much of it as would pay
the debts of the testator: le answer to that argument is, that the lands devised to his sons C aie to be appraised,, valued, and divided
when Westley.arrives at the age of twenty-one years." The time
fixed on' for a division of the land would, in all probability, arrive before the debts 'nd liabilities of the -testator would be paid-off, or.
even known,, foi aught the court knoWs or can know, on the de-
murrer, Wesley might "have been, at -the death of the testator,
,within one or two years of twenty-one,. (which was the -fact,) and
thereby leave no time, or at least not sufficient time to ascertain his
,debts and pay them off and settle all his liabilities, before- "the lands were to be appraised, valued, and divided." When Westley
might arrive at twenty-one years of age the persons appointed to
appraise, value, and divide lhe lands would not kntw what portion
of the lots would be required to be sold -to pay the debts. The
above reason'excludes the idea that he intended to devise said lots,
or any. of daiem, to his' sons. -The whole amount of the debts of thq
testator, as settled by the court in August, 1829, was $38,704 16.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

,4469

Laa. et aL v. Vick et a].

The laying oF the town was. a mere experimenit of the testator to enable his executors to meet his debts and liabilities. It might succeed and pay his debts, and then: again it might fall far short. These experiments of new towns to raise funds are as uncertain add precarious as lotteries. And hepce it never entered into the design of the.testator to will away the unsold lots, after the debts Were paid; and to fix-on atime certain, when the power of.the executors to sell should ceas e because it must cease," when appraised, valued, and diviaed.". There-is another argument growing out of the third clause of the will, which I deem conclisive in favour of the position I contend for. The testator'had two tracts of land, one in the Open Woods, and ond oni the Mississippi. His wife had a right from-the will to select which she chose for her xesidence; but the town part of the river tract was expressly reserved, and was not within- the devise to'her. Suppose sh had selected the river tract, then Newit, the son of the testator, was to have that tract 11 which she may prefer to occupy ;" and Westley and William the other tract, to wit, the Open W6ods. If the wife of the testator had selected the river
tract, then, at her death, what would Newit Vick take? Just what she selected to occupy,- no more or less. For'if more was intended, that is the residue of the river tract, if she had selected it, why with-
hold that-part from him until she .died, when she ky the will had no claim to it? It surely is not compatible with the fair exposition and interpretation of the will to say, that if Mrs. Vick selected the river tract, then Westley and William -would be entitled -to the Open
Woods, and also the two.,hundred acres off of the upper end of the uppermost tract,. which was laid off into town -lots. Besides, West-
ley and William were to have the other part of-the tracts unclaimed by his wife Elizabeth. The construction of the will contended for (n the other side, just amounts to this, that Westley and William
Vick took the two hundred acres which .were to be laid off in lots, without the wife of the testator or his son-Newit having any claim to
that part. Then why use the words "unclaimed by mywife Eliza,beth," if she had no claim from the will? ]Zlie word "1unclaimed" clearly proves that the testator gave no lands to Westley and Wil-
liam, except such lands as the wife of testator had the right to claim as her future-rsidence, if she chose.
The last "liuse in the .will has these words interlined and under-
scored, "for the use and benefit of all rhy heirs." These words have -no'meaningn.th-.m, if itfbe only intended .that by the sale of his lots -o take th.e buriei. of-the payment of his debts off of hig
persbnal estate, and that in that way. it would be for the benefit
of all his heirs, as all are to have an equal share of that, because that would' have been the affect and operation of that clause without the interlineation of the above words. The clear meaning is, the town lots are for the'benefit of all my heirs. By adding the
word "and" before the word "for," then it Would read thus: 2R

47, .

SUPREME COURT.
Lane et al. v. Vick et al.

C and for the use and benefit of all my heirs." The word ",and"
added would free the will from all ambiguity and uncertainty, and then the interlineation, which 'was inserted with deliberation, will have some meaning, otherwise it has none; all words and parts of a will shall have some .meaning, if by any sensible construction of the
will the same can be done. It is certain that the interlineation ws inserted after the will was wrote, and the necessity of it was suggested upon the last reading, before signing, which shows that the testator -deemed the interlin(ation essential to carry out his meaning. The fact is, it is well remembered by all present, who are.yet alive, that on the reading of his will, one of the daughters of the testator asked him if his daughters werd to have an interest in the town lots; upon the testator answering in the affirmative, she replied,, to clear the will of all doubt, the interlineation had better be made, which was accordingly done. I am aware that these facts are inadmissible, but at all events the interlineation goes to show that somethingr of the kind did occur. There is yet another question; the wife o? the testator died in about ten minutes after her husband, and was, from the death of the testator, until her death, incapable of 'making a selkction of the place of her future residence, and never made any, or attempted to make any.
If the town lots passed by the will of the testator to his son , then Newit Vick is entitled to one-third His Oswer is a cross-bill, and s hould have been retained, and, upon a final hearing, one-third allot.ted to him. 'I till-refer the court to the'laws of Mississippi, to show that all the legitimate children inherit equal share a-. share alike, and also to Swinbum, 20, 21, 22, 638, 639. The meaning of the testator is all that is sought after by the judges. There is another principle of law universally admitted to be correct. that heirs are not to be disinherited by a doubtful construction. "

Crittenden, for defendants in error, laid down the following pro-
positions: 1. That (subject to an estate for life to his - ife) a'll" the lands
of the testator are devised to his sons, in exclusion of his daughters. 2. That the last clause of the will does not affect the devise to the
sons, otherwise than by creating a charge upon the town lots for the payment of debts, thereby exonerating and preserving the personal estate for the use and benefit of all the parties to whom it had been bequeathed. And those debts being paid, (as appears by confession of the complinants,) the encumbrance is discharged, and no ground
of interest or complaint left to the complainants. 3. That if any right or title, other than above supposed; was de-
vised to the complainants, it is expressly limited and confined to the "town lots no* laid off, and hereafter to be laid off," &c. By the bill, it appears that the lots laid off by-the testator were sold by him,
and that no others were thereafter laid offby the executors, to whose

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

471

Lane et a]. v. Vick et 'al.

discretion it was confided; so that there are no lots to which any right or claim of the complainants can attach. .-
4. That Lane's appointment as administrator was illegal and void; and, if not, that he had no right to exercise the power anud discretion confided in'the executors of laying off and selling town - lots; and that his laying off lots can confer no right thereto upon the
comlJlainants. 5. That the construction of the will insisted on in the 1st and 2d
of the above propositions, and the points stated in all the foregoing
propositions, have been, in substance, so decided and settled by the Supreme Court of the state of Mississippi, and that decision will be
regarded as conclusive in this court, according to its well established *principles.
On the 1st proposition, he cited 10 Wheat. 159; 8 Wheat. 535;
12 Wheat. 162, 168, 169; 5 Peters, 15; 16 Vesey, jun., 446;. 3 Mass. 381; aBibb, 3U9; 4 Johns. Ch. 365: and in support of
the 5th proposition, 1 How. Miss. Rep.* 379, 442; United States v.
Crosby, 7 Cranch. 115; 9 Wheat. 565; 10 Wheat. 202.

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This case is brought here by an appeal from the decree of the Circuit. Court for the district of Mississippi.
The complainants under the will of Newit Vidk, late of the tate -of Mississippi, deceased, claim certain interests in a tract of two hundred acres of land, on which the town of Vicksburg is laid off. In the bill various proceedings are stated as to the proof of the will,
thequalification of one of the executom named in it, the 'death of the executrix, and the refusal of one of the executors named to qualify; that the executor who- qualified was afterwards removed,
with his consent, and Lane, the complainant, appointed administrafor, with the'will annexed; that acting under the will, the administrator laid off the town of Vicksburg, sold lots, and-paid the debts of the deceased; that there yet remains certain parts of the above tract undisposed of; and that his power as administrator to sell the unsold lots is questioned.
The defendants are represented as being interested in the above tract, as devisees and .as purchasers and the complainants pray that the court would decree a partition of the lots, conimons, and Levee street, to be made between them and the other devisees of
Newit Vick; and that said claimants shall be put in possession, &c. ; or that said property may be sold, &c., as shall best comport with
the intent of the testator. . 'l.e defendants favourable to the object of the bill answered; the others demurred to the bill, which was sustained on the hearing, and the bill was dismissed, from which decree thjs appeal was taken.
The decision of this case depends upon the construction of the
Will of'Newit Vick.. It was proved the 25th of October, 1819,

472.

SUPREME COURT.

Lane et al..v.-Vick et al,

Every instrument of writing sli6uld be so construed as to effectuate, if practicable; the intention of the parties to it. This principle applies with peculiar forde to a will. . Such an instrument is generally drawn in the last days. of the testator, and very often under circumstances- unfavourable to a calm consideration of the subjectmatter of it. The writer, top, is frequently unslflful in the use of language, and is more ot less embarrassed by the impqrtance and solemnity of the occasion. To expect much system or -precision of tanguage in a writing formed tinder such emetgencies, would seem to be unreasonable, And it is chiefly owing to tbese causes that so many-controversies aise under wills. , In giving a construction to a will,'all the parts of it should be .:,examined and compared; and the intention of the testator must be asceitained, not from a part, but the wlole of the instrument."
By the second paragraph of the-'will finder eonsideration, the testator bequeaths .to his wife one equal share of his personal property, to .bi.'divided between her and her .children. This would give to his wife one-half of his personal estate. Butthe succeeding paragraph -qualifies this bequest so as to give to his wife a share of the personal property,,equal only to the amount received by each of his children. This shows a want of precision .in the language.d6 the will, and that one part of it'may be explained.and qualified by another.
In the second paragraph,, the testator devises to liis -Oifef during her riatural life, "the tract of.land it the OpenWoods, on which he then resided, or the tracts near the rivers as she might. choose, reserving two hundred acres, on 'the upper part of the uppermost-tract to be laid off in town lots,.at the discretion of his executrix and executors.7:
This discretion -of his executrix and'executors,.referredto the plan of the town, and not to the proprietyof 'laying it off. "The testator had determined that a.town should, be established, inid reserved for this purpose the-above iract of two- hiindred acres,' "to' -bIeTlahied toefsftaitnortonwexntlodtissp;'"o.s.es of his personal property to -hs-wifeand
children; and he says, " to my sons one equal part of said personal. estate as they come of age, together with all my lands, all of which lands I wish to be appraised, valued,- and divided, when my son Westley arrives at the age odtwenty-one years; the said Westley having-one part, mid my ton William having the other part, of the tracts unclaimed -by my wife lklizabeth; and I bequeath to my son Newit, at the death of my said wife, that tract which she may prefer to occupy. I wish it to be distinctly understood, that that part of my estate .which my son Hartwell has received, shall be valued, considered-as his. and as a part of his portion of my vstate?' -
By these, devises, Newit, on th6 dial of his pother, was to have the tract selected by her for her residence. Shie died, it is ldmittedy

3ANUARY TERM, 1845.

473

Lane et al. v. Vick et al.

in a few minutes after the decease of the testator, so that no selection of a residence was made by her. But this is not important as regards the intention of the testator. What lands did he devise to his

sons Westley and William? The answer is, the land unclaimed by

the wife of the testator. His words are, " Westley having one part,

and my soxi William having the other part, of the tracts unclaimed

bymy wife Elizabeth." But what tracts may be said to come under the designation of "tracts unclaimed by my wife?" The land

which, under the election given to her in the will, she might have

claimed as a residence, but did not.

This claim by the widow was expected to be made shortly after

the decease of the testator, as by it her future residence was to be

established. If she selected the river land, then the Open Woods

tract was to go, under the will, to Westley and William ; but if the

Open Woods tract were"selected by the widow, then they were to

have -the river land. This devise being of the land unclaimed by

the widow, presupposes her right to have claimed- if in the alterna-

tive under the will. It did not include the town tract, for that was

expressly reserved by the testator from the choice of his wife. That

ihis is the proper limitatiolu of the devise to Westley and William,.

seems to beclear of doubt. To Hartwell was devised the -tract on which he lived, and which

was to be valued. These are the specific devises of his lands, by the testator, to his

four sons.. The tract of two hundrbd acres reserved for the town

is not affected by them. Did this tract pass to his -sons under the

general devise of his-lands to them, in the third paragraph of the

will? That point will be now exafnined. The words of the testa-

tor are, ".and to my sons one equal part of said' personal estate as

they come of age, together with al of my lands, all of which lands

I wish to be appraised, valued, ana divided, when my son Westley

arrives at the age of twenty-one years." The words "all of my

lands," unless restricted by words with which they stand connected,

or by some other part of the will; cover the entire real estate of the'

testator. But-these words are restricted by the part of the sentence

which follows them, and also in other parts of the will..

" All of which lands I wish to be appraised, valued, and divided,

-when my son Westley arrives at the age of twenty-one years," fol-

low the words "all of my lands," and show that the tract of tfo

hundred acres was not intended to be included in this general de-

vise. Such an intention was incompatible with the reservation of

this tract for a town. In the second clause of the will are the words, "Creserving two hundred acres, however, on the upper part

of the uppermost tract, to be laid off in town lots." Now the tes-

tator could not have intended, in the next clause, .to direct that this

tract should be valued and divided among his sons. This would

be repugnant to the authority given to his executors to lay off a

VoL. I.-60

2R2 :

474

SUPREME COURT.

Lane et al. v. Vick et'a].

town, and would have been an abandonment of what-appears, from
the last clause in the will to have been, with him, a favourite. object. Did he intend the tract of- tWo hundred acres should be valued and" divided among his sons, which he directed in another part of his will to be laid off into town lots and sold by his executors? So great an inconsistency is not to be inferred. The general devise to his sons, "1of all his lands," was limited to the lands which he di-
rected to be valued and divided among 'his sons. This cannot be' controverted; for it is in the .ver words of the will, 'and does' not depend upon infertfce or coistruction. .The 'special $devises to. each of his sons, which follov the general devise, alsoi in. effect, limit it. These devises cover all the real property of the testator,
except the tov~n tract, and 'show what he meant "1by'Ol his-lands."i He intended all his lands Whic he subse4i4ently'and speciall de vised, and not the tract -which,,in "the 'will, he had. previously re-served and afterwards disposed of.
In the next clause of the will the testator expresses his wish- that the aforesaid Elizabeth should keep together the whole of his property, both real and personal, (reserving th provisions before'made,) for the raising, educating, and benefit of the. before-mentioned children. .
These exceptions refer to the share of the personal property which .each child was to receive whenmarried, or at full. age, and fc" the land appropriated for the-town. -
We have now arrived at the last clause of the 'will, undet which clause this controyersy has arisen. The testator has 'made provision' for his wife, by giving her a life-estate in one 6f two tracts of land as she might select, and an equal share, with'each child, of the personal property. To his sons, in addition to his share in the personalty, he has given to each a portion of -his real -estate. He has made no disposition of the"tract reserved for a town, but -pioceeds to- do so in the following and closing paragiaph of the'will.
- II wish my executors furthermore- to .remember that the town
lots now laid off, and hereafter to be laid off, on the aforementioned two hundred acres of land, should be sold to pay my just debts, or other engagements'in prefe rence to any other of my property for the use andbenefit of all my heirs."
This clause is.construed, by the appellees, to be a charge on the two hundred acres of land for the payment of fhe debts of the tes-tator only. " And that the authority to the executors to sell lots, is limited to this object. That as the personal property bequeathed to his heirs wag first liable for the debts of the deceased, the charge on this tract may well be said, in the language of the will, to be ",for the use and benefit of all his heirs."
That there is plausibility in this. construction is admitted.. It' may, at first, generdlly, strike the mind of the reader as redsonable and just. But 'a closer investigation of the structure of:the para

JANTARY TERM, 185.

47

Lane et al. v. Vick et aL].

graph, and a comparison of it with other parts of the wil, with the view to ascertain the intention of the testator, must, we think, lead to a different conclusion.
If the object of the testator had been, as contended, merely to charge this tract with the payment of his debts, would the words, "for the use and benefit of all my heirs," have been inserted? The sentence was complete. without them. They add nothing to its clearness or force. On the conitrary, if the intention of the testator was to pay his debts only, by the sale of lots to be laid off, the words are surplusage. They stand in the sentence, disconnected with other parts of it, and, consequently, are without an object.
The testator directed that the town lots should be sold to pay his just debts, "1in preference to any other of his property." -This released his personal property,, which he had bequeathed to his children, from all liability on account of his debts. And on the hypotheses that he only intended to do this, why should the above words have been added. They were not -carelesslythrown into the sentence when it'was first written. From the -will, it appears they were interlined. This shows deliberation, and the exercise of judg-
ment. Without this interlineation, the lots were required to be sold to pay debts, in preference to other property, in language to&clear to be misunderstood by any one. It could not have been misun-
derstood, either by the testator or- the writer of the will. But, as the paragraph was first written, it did not carry out the intention of
the testator. "To effectuate that intent, the interlineation was made. The words, "for the use and benefit of all my heirs," were interlined. Does this mean nothing? This deliberation and judgment?
Were these words added to a sentence perfectly clear, and which charged the -land with the payment of the debts of the testator,
.nthout any 6bject? Were they intended .to be words of :mere surplusage and without effect? Sash an inference is most unreasonable. It does violence to the words themselves, and to the circumstances under which .they were introduced. No court ,can disregard these words, or the inanner of their introduction.
The testator was not satisfied with the directioA to his executors to sell lots for the payment of his debts, but he adds, "1for the use
and benefit of- all.my heirs." By this he intended, that the- lots should be sold for the payment of his debts- and "for the use .and
benefit of all his heirs." The. omission of the word anid has given rise to this controversy.' Had that word been inserted with the others, no doubt could have existed on the subject. And its omis'
sion is reasonably accounted for, by the fact of the interlineation. On such occasions, more attention is often paid to the matter to be
introduced, than to the-wqrdwhich connects it with the sentence. That the lots should be sold "for the use and benefit of all his lieirsl" after the payment of his debts, is mbst reasonable; but it
cannot, with the same propriety of language, be said, that the debts

476

SUPREME -COURT-

Lane et aL v. Vick et ah

of the testator were to be paid "for-the use of all his heirs." The word use imports a more direct benefit. That thephrase was used
in this sense we cannot doubt. The clauses in the will. preceding the one which is now under
consideration have been examined, ind no disposition is found -in
any of them of the town tract. - And' if it be not disposed of in this last paragraph, after the payment of the debts, the remaining lots or their proceeds -will descend generally to the heirs of the testat6 r as personal property. The law.will not disinherit the heir,.bn a doubtful devise. But we think the..ttstator intended that the tract if two hundred acres should -be laidout -in lots and sold, "for the use and benefit of all his heirs," and "1the payment of his debts and'
ot"hTehriesncgoangsetmruecntitos.n" of the'will is strengthened by its justice to all
the parties interested. That the testator intended to give to his sons a much larger part of his property than to his daughters, is evident.
e oave to"his sons an equal share, with his dauhters,'of his per "sona property. But did he intend to'cut off his Jaughters from all interest in his real- estate? He could not have had the heart of a dying father to have- done" so. He did not act unjustly to his daughters. They, equally with his sons, were devisees of the proceeds of the town lots, after the payment of all just debts and other
eigagements. It is insiAed that the construction of 'this will has been conclu-
sively settled-by .the Supreme Court of Mississippi, in the case of Vick et a!. v. The Mayor aid Alderman of Vicksbuig, 1 How.
379. The parties in that case were not the sanmeas those now before
this court; ana that decision does not .affect the interests of the complainants here. The question before the Mississippi court was, whether certain grounds, within the town plat, had been dedicated to public use. The construction of the will was incidental to the ian-object of the suit, and of course was not'binding on any one claiming under the will: With the greatest rdspect, it may be pro-per to say, that this court do not follow the state courts in their construction of a will or any other instrument, as they do in the
construction of statutes. Where, as in tte case.of JaIckson v. Chew, 12 Wheat. 167, the
construction of'a will had been settled by the highest courts of the state, and had long been acquiesced in as a rule of property, this -court wduld follow it, because it had become a rule of property. The construction 'of a statute by the Supteme Court of a state is followed, without reference to -the interests it may affect, or the parties to the suit in which its construction was involved. But the mete construction of a will by'a state court does not, as the construction of a statute of the state, constitute axule of decision for the ;courts of the United States. Inthe case.of Swift-v. Tyson, 16 Peters, 1,

JANUARY TERM, 184 .

477

Lane et aL v. Vick et al.

the effect of the 34th section of the Judiciary Act of 1789, and the construction of instruments by the state courts, are considered with' greater precision than is found in some of the preceding cases on
the same subject. The decree of the Circuit Court is reversed, and the cause is
remanded to that court for further proceedings.

Mr. Justice McKINLEY.
In this case I differ in opinion-with the majority of the court, not
only on the- constructio. of the will, but upon a question of muich greater importance, and that is, whether the constrution given.to this will by the Supreme Cdurt of Mississippi is not binding on this court? I will proceed to the examination of these questions in the order in which I have stated them; and to bring into our view all the provisioris of the will, -whichdispose of the real estate of the testator, I will state them in the order in which they stand in the will, unconnected'with other provisions not necessary to aid in constug those relating to the real estate. "
After the introductory part of the will, and providing for his fune-. ral, the testator proceeds to dispose of his estate thus:
"Secondly, I will and bequeath to my beloved wife, Elizabeth Vick-, one equal share f all my personal estate, as is to be divided between her and all my children;f as her own right, and at her own
disposal during her-natural life; and also for the term of her life on earth, the tract of land -at the Open Woods, on which I now reside, or the tracts near the river, as she may choose; reserving two hundred acres, however, on the upper part of the uppermost tract, to
be laid off in town lots, at the discretion of my executrix and exe-
cutors. 9"Thirdly, I will and dispose to each of my daughters, one -equai
proportion with my sons .and wife- of all my personal estate, as they come of age'or marry; and to my sons one equal part of said
.personal estate, as they come of age, together with all of my lands; all of which lands I wish to be appraised, valued, and divided,
when my son Westley arrives at the- age of twenty-one years;jthe
said Westley having one part, and my aon-William having the other part of the tracts unclaimed by my wife, Elizabeth; and lbequeath' to my son Newit, at the death of my wife, that tract which she may pfefe r to occupy. I wish it to be distinctly understood, that that
part of my estate which my son Hartwll has received, shall .be vaplucedo, uchonyseidsetreids ashhwisv, rauntmd ras pmaryt of his porwtisohn othf amythestaatfeo.r-e-

sai7 lizbehoud ee toehrthe iw iholapty

bth

laid off an,d hereafter to be laid of on wpsh my executors, furthermore, to remember that the town lots now the aforementioned two hun-

478

SUPREME COURT.

Lane et aL v. Vick et al!

dred acres of land, should be sold to pay my just debts, or other ef-

gagements, in preference to any other of my property, for the use and

benefit of all my heirs."

An inquiry which lies t the threshold 'of this investigation, is,

what was the meanink and intention of the testator in reserving the

two hundred'acres of land, "to be laid off in town lots?"

Did he intend this tract, of two hundred acres, should not pass by

his will, under the general description of "all.my lands?" Or did

he mean simply that it should be reserved from the use of his wife, in

the" event she selected the river tracts in preference to the Open

Woods tract? Or did he intend, as the majority of the court have

decided, that it should be reserved to be sold by his executors, for

the purposes of paying his just debts and other engagements,ic" and"

to increase the legacies of his .daughters? To the last construction

there is a very material objection. The power of the executors to

sell the lots laid off, and to be laid off, on the two hundred acres, is

not absolute, but- contingent. The testator did not direct that any

of his property, real or personal, should be sold for the purpose of

paying his debts, or for any other purpose. But his meaning and-

intention, as manifested by the language employed, is, that if, in the

administration of his estate, it should become necessary to sell any

portion of it for the payment of his debts or other engagements, he

wished his executors to remember that the t6wn lots then laid off,

and-thereafter to be laid off, should be sold "in preference to any

other of (his) propefty."

If the debts and other engagements could have been satisfied

without a sale of the'lots, the executors would have had no power

to self them -for any purpose whatever; and the words "for the use

and'benefit of all my heirs," would have been inoperative for the

purpose to which they have been applied; and the bounty, which it

is supposed 'his

by the

courta. father's

heart

could' not

withhold

from

daughters, woitd have been entirely defeated; and in that-event,

the interpolation of the word "and," which has beeii supplied by

the court, could not have conferred on the daughters the lots, nor

the proceeds of the sale of them. But conceding the power to sell

the lots for the payment of the testator's debts, do the words "for

the use and benefit of'all my heirs," give any authority to-the exe-

cutors to. sell the remainder of the lots, after paying the d.ebts, oi any

right to the heirs to receive the proceeds of such sale?

The court seem to admit, by their reasoning,,tbat these words alone give no right to the heirs to claim the proceeds, nor power to. the executors to sell the remainder of the lots, and, therefore, they have supplied the word "and," to unite the power granted to sell .fbr the payment of debts, with the words "for the use and benefit of-all my heirs," which, they say, completes the right to receive the prQceeds. If the court have the right to- alter the will, and then. give construction to it, they may make it.mean what they please.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

479

Lane et aL v. Vick et al.

But I deny the power of the court, in such a case as this, to add the word "and." The rule rs understood to be this.: where there is a supposed mistake or omission, all the court has to do is to see whether it is possible to reconcile that part with the rest, and whether it
is perfectly clear, upon the whole scope of the will, that the intention cannot stand with the alleged mistake or omission. Mellish v. Mel-
lish, 4 Ves. 49. It appears to me these words are perfectly consistent with the other parts of the will, anf are by no means repugnant to the main intention of the testator, but perfectly consistent
therewith.
His intention, as manifested by all the provi ions of the will, appears to be, to divide his personal estate equally among his sons and daughters and his wife, and to divide all his real estate, or lands, equally among his sons. That he intended each son to take an equal part of his lands, is proved by the direction to have 'each portion (valued. That half of the Open Woods tract was not equal in value to the two river tracts, excluding the two hundred acres to be laid off into lots, is clearly proved by the will itself; because the testator' gives his wife her choice of the Open 'Woods tract, or the two tracts
on the river; and whichever she selects is, at her death, to go to' his youngest son, Newit, and the other to be divided between his sons Westley and William; and he further directs that the part
which his son UartweH had reocefitvhede,esstahtoeu.ld Hbeerveailsueadc,lecaornsiudderendhis, and as part of his portion
·eoqfuhivisocraelalinetsetnattieo;n amndanitfeissteads tcolegairvley tmo aenaicfehstse0dn athnateqtuhael pspoerctiofinc

portions given re not equal. To maintain the construction gven

to the will by.the court, the two hundred acres are excluded from

the devise of all the testator's lands to his sons.' And the question

arises, and ought to have been decided, how are these p6rtions to be

equalized?- If the two hundred acres passed to the sons by the de-

vise, subject to the ting'ent means was

payent aforded

of debts, then for equalizing

a reasonably the portions,

certain conby dividing

and vluing the lots not sold to pay debts, to mkke up deficiencies. This view'lone is sufficient to-satisfy my'mind that all the lands
passed to the sons by the general words, "all- of my'lands, .all of
wmhyicshonlaWndesstIlewy iashs to be appraaisgeed,ofantwde-nvtayl-uoende, ayideardsividedC,awnh'atehne

words "for' the use contain nopositive

wanodrdbsenoeffitgroafnat,ll

mcoynthroelirst,h"e wphriecvhioiunst,h'epmossietlivvees,

and unbonditional,.grant of all his lands to his sons? Tt appears to me to be impossible to give such controlling influence to such words,
upon any of the known -and establisned rules of construction; an~l especially when they admit of a different interpretafion, by which they .would stand in perfect harmony with the other provisions of
the i. The-accounts settled by .the executor, with the Orphafis' Court

480

SUPREME COURT.

Lane et al. v. Vick .et al.

and rwhich are'pait of-the record exhibited .a the bill bf complaint,. show that betweeritenty-five thousand and thirty thousand,dollafs
of the debts 6f the estate weie paid by the proc-ceds of the cotton
crops; which proves that a large portion of the personal estate consisted: of slaves. - Is it not reasonable, therefore, to suppose the tes-
tator had in his mind the "disadvantages tliat would result to all his childreniif he should leave his slaves liable to be sold for the paymenit of his ilebts-.when he ordered the lots, which were unproducfive, to be sold for that -purpose, "in preference to any. other of his
property" which was productive? Acting upon this vie of his affairs, is it at all surprising that'heshould have inserted in his will- even by interlining, the words, "for thg-use and,benefit of all my heirs," -that being the reason which induced him to charge the debts upon
the town-lots? "'But putting out of view all extraneous considerations, can the con-
struction given by the cburt to this part of the will be sustained upon
principle? Executors have no authority'to sell real 'e'state, unless the power to sell, and the. purpose of the. -sale,, are -expressed in the will. Therefore the court bannot infer, from a power expressly
.grantedt6 sell the estate for one purpose, apower to sell it for anotfer.purpose not grantedi Hill v. Cook, 1.Ves, & Beam'es, 175. In
the-case undef'consideration, the only authority given by the will to sell thetowAl lots,-,was for the payment of -debts; and there-the pow.er bf.the executors to sell any portion of the estate termihated. When they had-iold as many of the lots as.were necessary to pay the debts, the remainder fell into the general devise -ofall the lands of the testator to 'his s6ns; and the purposes of the testator, in relation to his
real.-estafe, .wer accomplished, according' to his plain intention, when all the provisions of the will are taken together. -
To reserve the remainder of thelots froni the general devise, and to give effect to the interlined. words, different from their plain meaning, in the connection in which they stand with the other provisions of the will; the court revive the exhausted power of sale; and give capacity to all the heirs to take the proceeds of the sale of the :remainder pf the lots, by inserting the conjunction "and" between the power to sell the lots for the payment of debts and the int~rlined words; thereby changing the meaning of the whole sen-
tence. ThisI certainly is-not construing the will.; but it'is making a willi and giving'this.portion of the testator's estate to hi' daughters, which he plainly intended for, anrd gave to, his sons.' ,
.This,will was brought'-in question before the High Court of Er-
rors and Appeals of.the state of Mississippi, in the case of Vick and others v. The Mayor and Alderman of Vicksburg, 1 Hw.l is. Rep. 442- The question before-ttat courfva. whether the land in
controversy had been dedicated by Newit Vick, in his lifetime, to public purposes, or passed to, and was vestid in'his devisees by his will; "and ,it is a part of the, same landincQntroversy in the case

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

481

Lane et al. v. Vick et al.

before this court; the court of Mississippi having concurrent jurisdiction- of &hesubject-matter with this court, decided,- that the whole of the real estate was devised to the sons of Newit Vick, deceased; and that his daughters were entitled to no part of the lots, nor any part.of the proceeds of the sale of them. According to the Constitution and laws of the United States and previous decisions of this court, I think this court'vas bound to follow the decision of that court upon the c6nstru-tion of the will.
The 2d section of the 3d'article of the Constiition of the United
States declares, "The judicial power shall extend to all dases in law and -equityarising under this Constitution, the laws of thd United
States, and treaties made or which shall be made under their autho-
rity; tv all cases affecting mbassado ,sotherpublic ministers, and
consuls; to all cases of adirty and mariti'me jurisdiction; to contsrioesvebresitewseeton wtwhioc.horthmeoUrenistteatdeosStebreetsweshenallcbiteizeanpsaottfyd;ifvtoerceonnt tsrtoavters-.

between citizens of the same state claiming lands under grants o

different states, and. between a/ state or the citizens thereof and

foreign, states, citizens, or ubjects." ·In these three l tter classes

of cases, theej'urisdictionofof

the Unitd States is cncur-

rent with the staecourts. In this case it originated between citi-

tens of different sttes,"and is, therefore, concurrent with the courts of Mississippi. Before the jurisdiction here conferred'on the courts of Ahe Umited £States could be exercised, it was necessary their powers and authority should be estblished and dfined by law. And accordingly, by, the 34th seceon of the act of Congreis of the
24th of September, 1789, it is enacted,." That the laws ofthe several states, except where theseConstitution, treaties, or statutes of

the United.States shall otherwise require or provide, shall he rhgarded as rules of decision in trials at common law in the courts of the
United t.States, in cases where they apply." The purposes for'whioh jurisdiction was given to -the courts of the United States between citizens of. diferent states in ordinary matters of controversy, between citizens of the same- state claicdeing lands under grants from different states, betwsneden an alien and a citizen of a state, was to give in each ofthese cases, at the option of the ilaintiff a tribunal;

presumed to be free from any accidental state prejudiceor partiality,

forAtnhde trwiahleonf tChoencgaeussse. defined the powers of the courts of the

United. States, they directed, that the laws of the several states

should be regarded as the rules of decision in stilts at common law,

in cases where they apply. And up n these principles, with few,

if any exceptions, has this, court acted from the commencement of

the governm ent tte prsent term of this court. That they

shoed continue so to act, is of great ".n ortance to the peace and

harmony of the people of the United States.

the state juodf icial

VOL. III.--6I

2 S

482

SUPREME COURT.

Lane et al. v. Vick et a].

tribunals establish a rule, governing titles to real gstate, whether it
aiise undek statute, deed, or will, and'this court establishes another and a different nile, which of these two -rulesshall prevail ? They do not operate like two equal powers in physics, one neutralizing the
othdr,; but they prodiuce a contest for success, a struggle for victory; *and in such a contest it may easily be*foreseen -hich will
prevail.
The state courts have unlimited jurisdiction, over all the persons, and property, real and personal, -'within the limits of the state. And as often as-the courts of the United States have it in their power, by their judgments, under their limited jurisdiction, to turn out of the
possession of real estate those who have been put into it by the judgment of the highest court of-aplpellate jurisdiction of the state, so often that possession will be restored by the same judicial state
power. To avert such'a contest, and in obedience to the act of Congress before referfed to, this court have lai4 it down, in many cases, as a sound and necessary. rule, that they should follow the
stmte decisions establishing rules and regulating titles to real estate. And in the following cases they have applied the rule to the construction of wills, -devising real estate. In Jackson v. Chew, 12'Wheat.. 162, the principle is fully maintained. In that case the
court say, " The inquiry is very much narrowed by hpplying the rule which has uniformly governed this court, that where any principle of lawi establishing a rule of realproperty, has been settled in the state courts, the same rule will-be applied by this court, that would be 6stablished by the state tribunals. This is a principle so obvi-
ously just, aad so indispensably necessary under our system of governiment, that it cannot be lost sight, of." ,The question in that case arose upon the construction of a will devising land in New York. In the case of Henderson and wite v. Griffin, 5 Peters, 154, the court say, "The opinion of the court i the case of Kennedy v.
Marih was an able one; it was'the judicial construction of the will of Mr. Laurens, according to their view pf'the rules of the common law in that state, as a rule-of property, and comes within the prind. pie adopted in Jackson -v. Chew, 12 Wheat. 153; 167." These cases are in strict conformity with the 34th section of the act of the
24th Sepiember- 1789, -above referred to. There are many other decisi6ns of Uis court applicable to this
case; some of-them have followed a single decision -of a state court, where 'it settled a rule of real property. And at the present tnrm of this court, in the case of Carroll v. Safford, tleasurer, &c., it was held, that .itwas not material whether it had been settled by frequent decisions, or a single case. From these authorities, it is plain, the jurisdiction of this court is not'wholly concurrent in this
case with the Supreme Court of Mississippi - but in power of judgment it is subordinate to that court, and, therefore, the construction

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

48a

°
Bla-qk et al.ov. Zacharie & Co.

given by that court to the will ought to. have been.the ride of construction for this court.

Mr. Chief Justice TAzy concurred in the opinion of Mi. Justice
MCKINLEY.*

Fau cis C. BLAcK AmD JAmES CH m'x, PLAiNTiFFS iN mRtOR, v. J. W.
ZAcHARiE .&Co., DEFENDANTS.
When a creditor, residing in ouisiana, drew bills of eAchange upon his debtor, residingia South Carolina, which bills were negotiated to a third person and accepted by the'"deawee, the creditor had no right to lay an attachment upon the property of-the debtor, until the bills had become due, -weredishonoured, and taken up by the drawer.
By the drawing of the bills a new credit was extended to the debtor for the time tdo which they run.
The laws of Lpuisiana, allowing attachments for debts notyet due, relate only to absconding debtors, and do net embrace a case like the above.
The legAl title to stock held in corporations situated in Louisiana, does not pass under a general assignment of property, until the transfer is compl'eted in the mode'l&ointed out by the laws of Louisiana, regulating those corporations.
But the equitable title will pass, if the assignment be sufficient to transfer it by the laws of the state in which the assignor resides, and if the laws 'of the state where the qorporations exist do not prohibit the assignment of equitable interests in stock. Such an assignment will bind all persons who hove notice of it-
The laws of Louisiana do not prohibit the assignment of equitable interests in the state by residents of other states.
Personal property hasno locality. The law of the owner's domicil is to determine the validityof the transfer or alienation theieof, unless'there is som6 positive or customary law of the country where it is found to the contrary.
Tins case .was brought up by writ of error from the Circuit Court
of the United States for East Louisiana. It was an attachment issued :originally b, the Commercial Court
of New Orleans, (a state court,) against the goods and chattels,
lands and tenements, rights and mnoneys, effects and credits, of
Black, at the instance of Zacharie. & Co., and 'renoved, on the pe-
tition of Black, into the Circuit Court of, the United States.
Black resided in Charleston, South Carolina, and Zacharie & Co.
in New Orleans. In 1837, Black was the, owner of five'hundred shares of the
capital stock of the New Orleans Gis Light and Bankihg Company, and six hundred shares of the Carrollton Bank of New Orleans. On the 31st. of May, in that year, he assigned to the Bank of South
* On the trial of this case, Mr. Justice Sron was -absent; four of the judges,
therefore, ruled the decision.

SUPREME COURT.
Ain D. H. DAvIEss ET AL., PLI.rsT s IN ERROR, V. Jom 1. FAXRBAIRN ET AlZ.. HEIRS OF MARY E. FzanBAnN, .DEcEzAsD, Dr
FENDANTS IN ERROR.
rfiaffirmative statutes, uch parts of the prior as may be incorporated into the subtsequent statute, as consistentwithlif,"nust be Zonsidered in force.
If a subse4uent stitute be not repugnant ir all its provisions to a-prior one, yet if the later statute clearly intended to prescribe the ohly rules which shoulg govern, it repeals the prior one.
Under the -application of these rules, the law of Virginia, passed in:1776, authorizifig the mayor of a city to take the acknowledgment of a feme covert -to a deed, is-mot repealed by the act of 17e5, or that of 179d.
TnIs case was brofight up.by writ of error from the Circuit Court of the United State for the district of Kentucky.
It was an ejectment brdught by the. heirs. of Mary E. Fairbaim, to recover a 34f-acre lot in the city of Louisville, designated on the old. plan as nuritber 22, and on the n w plan as number 31.
There were many questions in the case,- but as the opinion of the court -turned upon a single- point, it is not necessary to state any except that one.
On the 12th Of Marci, 1811, Mary K. Fairbairn; being the wife of Thomas H. Fairbairi, and the -owner of the lot in controversyi subject to the dower interest of her motherbunited with her husband and mother in executing-a deed -fort,he premises. She then resided in the city of Baltimore. It was alleged by her children and heirs that this deed was incompetent to pass her interest, being improperly executed.
They therefore brought an ejectment to recover it. The deed vWaq as follows: "This indentue, made this 12th.day of March, in the'year of-our Lord 1811, between'Elizabeth Henry, Thomas ·H. Fairbairn and Maria his wife, (daughter and heiress of Daniel Henry, dicease'd,) of-the city of Baltimore, in the state of Maryland, of the dne part. and Dr. Richard Ferguson, of the town of Louisville, in the county of Jefferson and state of Kentucky, of the -other yart, witnesseth: that the said'Elizabeth Henry, and Thomas H. Fairbairn and Mara his wi(, for and in consideratibn of the sum of eight hundred dot lars, ,current money of the United- States of America, to the said Thomas H. Fairbairnin -hand paid, at and before the -execution of these .presents, th receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, -the said·Elizabeth Henry, as tenant in dower, bath aliened, released, and cbfirmed, and by theae* presefits dpgt alien, release, -and confirm; and the said Thomas H. Fairbairn,as tenant .bythe curtesy, and the said Maria his wife, as tenant in fee-kiimple, have granted, bargained, sold, convqyed, released, and confirmed, and by these presents doth grant, bargain, sell, release, convey, .and coii.nw, unto the said Richard er.on, his heirs and assigns) for ever, a

JANUARY TVRM,' 184.
Daviess et a]. v, Fairb-airn et aL

6V7

certain lot of land., with all tlie appurtenances, 4ituate, lying, and

being in the town of Louisville aforesaid, and known on the plan

or map thereof by the number -ninety-one, (91,)-.containing half an

acre, be the same more or less, on Main street, adjoining thepnorth-

wardly side of the half-acre lot whereon the said Ferguson now

lives, and between the same and Main street: to have and to hold

the said half-acre lot number ninety-one, with all the appurtenances,

unto the said' Richard Ferguson, lis heirs and- assigns, to -his'and

heir only proper. use and behoof for ever. And the said Thomas.

H. Fairbairn 'and Maria his ife do covefnant and agree, to and with

the said Richard Ferguson, and his heirs and assigns, that they, the

said Thomas and Maria,- will, and their heirs; executors, and admin-

istrators, shall, -warrant 'and for ever defend the said lot of land num-,

bered iiiety-one, with all the appurtenances, unt6 the said Richard

Ferguson, his heirs and assigns, againmt' all and every person or

persons whatsoeier lawfully claimng or to claim the same.

"In witness whereof, the said Elizabeth Henry, Thomas H. Fair-

bairn, and Maria his wife, have hereto set their'hand and seals, on

the day and year first written.

ETizApET HmNY,

[L.. s.]

Tiaoms H. FAIiRAIRN, [L- s.

MARIA ELIZA FAmsAN. [L. S.]

"SignEeDdW, 'DseaSIlOeHd,NSaTnOdN, delivered, in presence of-

JNO. HARGROvE,.
HENRY PAYSON', Cur. BuLirrT,
THOMAS LESTER."
"Baltim e county, state of Maryland, set.:
" Be it known and remeinbered, that on this 12th day of March, 1811, Elinabeth Henry, and Thomas H. Fairbairn 'and Maria his wife, parties to the within and foregoing deed of conveyance to Dr. Richard Ferguson, come in their proper person before me, Edward Johnston, mayor of 'the city of Baltimore, in the state aforesaid, and signed, sealed and delivered said deed of conveyancee, as and for their voluntary act and deed; and the said Maria, beingpri-
vately examined by me out of'the presence and.hearing of her said husband; did, of-her own free will.and consent;-agaM consent to and aclcnoledge the said deed of conveyance as and for 'her.act and deed, the -ame being shown and explained 1o 'her; and also relinquishedt and released all her right, title, interest, and estate, and fee. of, in, and to the -lot of land number 91, with all the appurtenances
by the said'deed conveyed, Qr intended to'be conveyed.
[L. S.] ""In testimony vhdeof, I have'hereto set my hand, and . caused the corporatd seal of the city of Baltimore to-be here-
ntQ affixed, the: diy and year above written. "FED' JomNsvoyi mayor of the city of Baltimore."' 3H

63 8

SUPREME COURT.

Daviess et a]. v. Fairbairn et aL

Upon the trial in the court belpw, the following instructions were given with reference to this deed.
"And in substitution of a number of instructions moved by the
plaintiff, the court gave to the jury these instructions. ".Ifistead of the plaintiff's,instruction No. 1, the court instructed
the jury, that the deed of conveyance by-Thomas H. Fairbairn, &c., of 12th March, 1811, to the defendant Dr. Richard Ferguson,
whereof a copy was read in evidence by the plaintiff, was not m law the deed of the feme covert Maria E. Fairbaim, is not her deed of conveyance for any purpose whatever, and passed from her to Dr. Ferguson no estate whatever in the lot of land in controversy."
The bill of exceptions brought up this instruction, amongst others. The question was, whether the mayor of the city of Baltimore
had a right to take-th ackn6wledgment. The act of Virgi-ia, passed in 1776, which had been adopted by
Kentucky, (4 Littell's Laws of Kentueky, 432,) allowed the mayor
of a city to take an acknowledgment, where the grantor-resided out
of' Virginia. Two acts were afterwards passed by Virginia, one in 1785 and
the other in 1796, prescribing other modes- of taking acknowledgments in such cases, and the question was, whdther"these acts repealed that of 1776. The provisions of these acts aie quoted in the opinion -of the court, and need, not fie repeated.

0Cittenden, for the plaintiffi in error. Loughborough, f6f the defendants in error.
C7ittenden, fobi the 'plaintiffis in error, referred first to the act of Virginia passed in1748, (4 Littell, 423; 1 Statute Laws of Kenfucky, 429,) and then to the succieding acts.' The act of 1785 was thought to repeal that of 1776, but there was no repealing clause in it, and the courts of Kentucky construe them-to be inpari nateria: 'The laws of "Virginia successively enlarged the means of conveyance. The title of the act of '1796 was -"t,o enable," &c. The rule is, that repugnancy in statutes must be clear and undeniable, before courts will assume it to exist. Dwarris on Stat 638, 699,
717) 718, 726, 734. And again,- where a statute is remedial and enlarging, it will not
be held to control the operation of a previous one. The general character of these statutes is' enabling. The act' of 1776 allows femes covert to go before a mayor; .that of 1785 to appear in court and acknowledge a deed. Where is the inconsistency between the
two ? If the latter is a repeal of 'the-former, wehave never found it out in Kentucky. There are more conveyances of land there than
in any other state, and much land is ownied by non-residents. Up to 1827, the doctrine now contended for was never heard of. .The first time-that the question was raised was in the case of Hynes and Campbell, 6 Monroe;,286, much relied on by the other side. But

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

020

Daviess et al. v. Fairbaira et aL

there was no question in that -case about - feme covert. A deed was set aside because justices did not certify that it was subscribed before them. The court say that the act of 1785 repeals that of 1776 as to justices. But then the-provisions of the two laws are
inconsistent with each other in this respect. In Miller v. Henshaw, 4 Dana, 327, the point is not 'decided. There are mme loose dicta, but although. the decisions of state courts upon state laws are binding upon this court, dicta of judges are not. In Taylor-v. Shields,
5 Littell, 295, the-court held that a subsequent statute -requiring deeds to be rec6rded in eight months, did -not repeal a prior one allowing eighteen months. -6 Monroe, 186, refers to the preceding case.' The act of 1796 contains'a general repealing clause, (1 Littell,
508, 509,) repealing all that is inconsistent vith the acts therein recited and" continued. But affirmative subsequent statutes are not held to 'be inconsistent with prior ones. 6 Co. Rep..part 11, p. 54.
The Digest sanctioned by the judges of the court of appeals con-
tains this act of 1776.

Lougborough, for defendanfts -in error.

The first opinion of the court pionounced on -the trial was, that

the deed-f March 12, 1811, was-ineff~etual as to the wife ofT. H. Fairbairn, and that her title to the lot did not pass thereby.

The act of Virginia of 1748 respecting conveyances provided for

cases of conveyances by-persozis residing in the state. It will be

found in 4 Littell, 423, (1-Statute LaWs of Kentucky, 429.)

-

By the bct'of 1785, (1 Statute Laws,-432,) husband and wife re-

siding in another state were enabled to convey the dower or inherit-

ance of the wifewithin the commonwealtliy the acknowledgment of 'the deed, and the privy exaniination of the wife before two jus-

tice-s of peace of the .contory. of the-wife's resideniceito be eimpowered by a 'commission for that purpose from the court in which the deed

should be recorded. By an a - of 1792, (1 Littel,- 152, 1 Statute La:ws, 434,) -the iie-

knowledginent and subscriptioh of the dee~d before.two justices 6of

the peace,though not empoweed by commission, and their certificate of the privy'examination -of the "wire, upon being recorded in

due time, shall be effectual to ass the wife's right of dower. In -1795, shortly after Kentucky became a state, its legislature
considering the-.complesity and n.ertainty of the- statute' laws ii

force, provided by ac of December 17, (1 Littell, 293,) for a revision

thereof, fcr a selection of such as 6uglit to be conthued "in force, and for a reduction of all of those relating to the same subject into

one act.

Revisors were acedi-dingly appointed, and discharged their'duty. The results of their laboiir& may be seen in various -important acts

passed in-1196, in-Uie first volume of Littell%' Laws. · Raving'en-

acted them, the legislatere, by an iact of th6 19th -December,-1796,

640

SUPREME COURT.

Daviess et al. v. Fairbairn et al.

provided -that they should take effect on the 1st day of January,
1797, and that so much of any act' or.acts as came within the puriview of the said acts should be repealed from and after that day.
1 Littell's Laws, 50, 609. One 'of these revised 9tatutes was the act to reduce into one the
several acts for regulating conveyances, 1 Littell; 567,.(1 Statute
Law, 437.) It provides specially (section 4) for, ie conveyance by husband and Wife, living in another statei of the wife's land in Kentucky. Thb mode prescribed is the acknowledgment of the deed, and the privy examination of the wife before two justices of the peace of the county of her residenee, to .be commissioned for that
purpose. " This act also embics' the provisions of the act of 1792, respecting the transfer of the wife's dower, in its 6th, 7th, and 8th
sections. It was the law in force at the date of the deed to Ferguson.
In Elliott- v. Piersol], 1 Petdrs, 338, this court held that in Kentucky the capacity of a feme covert to convey her land, is the crea-
ture of the statute law, and that to make her deed effectual, the forms and solemnities provided by-that law must .be observed. This is the received doctrine in the courts of Kentucky. It is held i there, that the deed of a. feme covert to convey her inheritance, or even her dower, must not only be ex6cuted in the mode, and with the solemnities required by the statute -laws, Phillips et ux.'v. Green, 3 Marshall, 12; Steele v. Lewis; 1 Monroe, 49; Roberts' heirs v. Elliott's heirs,'3 Monroe, 397; Smith v. White, 1 B. Monroe, 19:
but it -must be actually recorded, together with the certificate of her privy examination, not merely lodged in the proper office for record,
Whitaker 'v. Blair, 3 J. J. Marshall, 241 ; Tomlin v. Mc'Chord's Reps., 5 J. J. Marshall, 336; and that,-too, within the time fixed by the statute, otherwise it is vdid. Prewitt v. Graves, 5 J. J. Marshall, 124; Applegate . Giacy, 9 Dana, ,215. And to authorize its recordation it must be authenticated in the mode p--scribed, and by the officers appointed, for that purpose. Hunt v. OWings, &c., 4 Monroe, 21-; -McConnell v. Brown, Litt. Sel. Cases, 404; Wo-
ma6k v. Hughes, Ibid. 292. And if, in fact, placed on the record without being so authenticated, it is still regarded as an unrecorded instrument-cases last cited.
'These cases show the strictness with which the statutes of Kentucky, authorizing narried women to part.'with their titles, have
been" construed by its courts; and *thecare they have exhibited in the proteotion. of the rights of such persons and their heirs.
In this case, though the deed to Ferguson was in fact recorded, it W-as not upop. its authentication, as regarded the feme covert, properly admitted -upon the records.. As to her it is an unredorded deed.
The Mayor of Baltimore 'was not authorized to take her acknowledgment, and to make and certify- a privy examination.
. At was contended. in the Cjrcuit Court that he deriVed authority

JANUARY TERM, -1845.

641

Daviess et aL v. Fairbairn et' al.

to, perform iese acts from a statute of Virginia of 1776, (4 Littell,

432.)

The'answer to this is, 1st. That this act was impliedly repealed

by the act of 1785. This act of 1785 occupied the same ground, and so far as*regards

conveyances of real estate, contemplates and provides for the same case. It was decided by the Court'of Appeals of Kentucky, in the

case of Hynes v. Campbell, 6 Monroe, 289, that this act virtually,

yet effectually, repealed that of 1776.

2d. When the legislature passed the act of 1796, it was obviously intended that all the provisions of existing statutes on the subject

of conveyances should be hereby supersoded. Its history and-title make &is manifest. It was a codification of all the laws which it was intended should remain in force. Its first ections are the same as those of the act of 1785. Those succeeding are the provisions of the act of 1792. The old act of 1776 was wholly dropped. Other modes than those of that act being adopted for the convey-.

ance of land by non-residents.

Without a clause of repeal, it would seem that after the act of 1796,

that of 1776 was not in force. To hold otherwise would imply the

folly on the part of the legislature in the effort to render simple and condense into one law all acts on the subject, to have retained two

acts on the same subject by which the sale thing could be done in

different modes--'or would be to deny to the legislature the power to simplify and reduce into one the Jaws of conveyances, since

there can be no-doubt that was its intention. - But having adopted the codes, so to cll them, of the reisors,

the legislature, by a separatd act, passed on the same day, (1 Littell, 508,) as if to leave no doubt upon this subject, expressly repealed all former acts coinng within the purview of these statutes.
Can it be said tfiat the act of 1776, so far as it regarded conveyances of rel estates, by non-resident husbands and wives, is not

within the ,urview of the act of 1796?

As to what subsequent statutes annul prior,ones, see 1 Pickering, 45; 12 Mass. Rep. 563; 5 Pickering, 169. The case of Taylor v.

Shields ought to have no weight upon this point. There must have

been an error in copying the word "eight" instead of "eighteen."!. The last syllable must have been left out by -mistake, for r/o good

reason can be given'for allowing the people of the state eighteen months to record their deeds, and restricting non-residents to eight.
It is admitted by the other side that- the act of 1796 .rcpeals the prior statute*as to*justices of the peace, because it makes provision

for them; but it is argued that the authority of'a mayor was permit--

ted to remain, because no n 'ice is taken of him in the act. But both laws are equally applicahie to justices. What good. reason,

then, can be given for the distinction? This case does not rest on an implied repeal only; we say that

VOL. UI.-81

3 H 2

642

SUPR9ME CO.OUtT.

Daviess et al. v. Fairbairn et al.

there was an express repeal. The revisors were to collect what 'was proper to be 'retained, and omit what ought to be left out. The title of the act of 1796 was ",to reduce into one," &c. One branch of the laws reported on by the revisors related to county courts, and upon this subject they made an entirely new code. We say that the game purpose was intended with regaird to the deeds of femes covert. Additional guards were thrown around them for protection. They were required to go into a court or befor ,commissioners. If the legislature had repealed the whole act of 1776,
by name, they would have gone further than they wished, because they intendedall such parts of 'it as related to personal property to .remain in force. We must find out the intention of the legislature
by looking at the evils which existed before the passage of the law, the circumstances of the case, &c. 6 Dane's Abr. 595 ; 9 Peters,
317-; 3 Wheatolh, 610. It is said, in 6 Da.ie, 595, that where the legislature intends a re-
vision, it amounts to a repeal of prior laws. In the act of 1798, clerks are directed to record papers "acknow-
ledged as before prescribed," which shows that the legislature intended to make a new rule.

Crittenden, in reply and conclusion.
'The deed is admitted- by the other side to be good, if the statute of 1776 is.not repealed. The burden of proof is on him, theiefore, to show that it has been so; and it has been attempted to be shown,
'1. From its being'inconsistent with the act of 1785. 2. From its inconsistency with 1796 3. From an express repeal by 1796. The fact that the act of 1796 is the work of revisors, cannot affect the construction of it.. There is no rule like this laid down by the elementary writers. It is only, after all, a revised statute. Every act of a legislature implies a revision of all former laws; and is the construction'of it to be varied, because A. B. prepared it? A part of the duty of rdvisors is to say-what statutes shall be repealed. If they thought that the act of 1776 ought to have been repealed, why
did they not say so ? A revised act is-cumulative, 11 Leigh, first* case in the volume. What part of the act of 17.85 repeals that of 1776? By-1748 deeds must be acknowledged before the General Court, or aCounty Court, in,Virginia.- By,1776 a feme covert
may go before a mayor, and by,1785 she may go before any court of record, or two justiceS appointed by a commaission. But these
might all be put into one statute, and not be'inconsistent with each other. IHow can the circumstance that they are in different statutes vary the result? Statutes in pari mderia must be construed together.
Iri 5 Pickering, a hi her penalty was imposed than had been im-
posed by a preceding law. Here there was a direct conflict. But

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

643

1-

Dav:iess et a. v. Fairbair'n et aL

in the case in Foster, where £20 per month, and 12d. per Sunday, were inflicted for not going to ch~ich, both penalties could be levied. The multiplication of the means of acknowledging deeds was only
a facility afforded to women. If the act of 1785 did not repeal that of 1776, the act.of 1796 did
not, because it is almost an exact transcript of former laws. The designation of one person to do any given thing, does not exclude the right of another to do the same thing. ft is-said that the
legislature intelided to protect women, but Mrs. Fairbaim never de-
nied or questioied the validity of her deed, as long as she lived.

Mr. ustice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This case is brought here by a writ of error to the Circuit Court
for the district of Kentucky. The lessors of the plaintiff brought an action of ejectment, to re-
cover a half-acre lot in the city of Eouisville, numbered on the new plan of the city ninety-one. Richard Ferguson, Daviess, and others, were made defendants. The jury found the defendants guilty, and a judgment was entered against them. On the trial, exceptions were taken to various rulings of the court, only one of which it is material to consider.
The court instructed the jury, "that the deed of. conveyance, by Thomas H. Fairbairn and wife, of the 12th of March, 1811, to the defendant, Dr. Richard Fergusbn, whereof a copy was read in evidence by the plaintiffs, was not, in law, the deed.of the feme covert, Maria E. Fairbaira; is not her deed of conveyance for any purpose whatever; and passed from her to Dr. Ferguson no estate whatever in the lot of land in controversy."
The plaintiffs below claimed as heirs at law of Maria E. Fiiirbairn. The fairness of the purchase of the lot by Ferguson was not controverted, nor that he paid for it an adequate consideration. 'The lot
having descended to Maria E. Fairbairn, and her husband being dead, her heirs claim the property, on the ground that the acknowledgment of the deed by their mother, she being a feme covert, was defective. And so the court ruled in the above instruction.
The deed ws acknowledged on the 12th of March, 1811; the day it bears date, by Elizabeth Henry, who signed it, and who had a dower interest in thie lot, and by Fairbairn and 'wife; the latter being examined separate aid apart from her husband, in due foim; before the mayor of Baltimore, who. affixed his certificate and the seal of the corporation to'the acknowledgment.
On the 20th of May, 1811, Warden Pope, .clerk of the County Court of Jdfferso'n, in which Louisville is situated, certified that the deed was received in his office; and it being duly certified and authenticated; he recorded the same.
By the Virginia act of 1776, adopted by Kentucky, 4 Lift. Laws of Kentucky, 43.2, entitled "An act to enable persons living in other

644

SUPREME COURT.

Daviess et aL v. Fairbdirn et al.

countries to dispose of their estates in this commonwealth, with znore ease and convenience," it was provided "that a person residing in any other county, for passing any lands and tenements in this com-
monwealth, by deed,'shall acknowledge or prove the same beforel the mayor or other chief magistrate of the city, town, or corporation, wherein or near to which he resides. But where there was'no
mayor or other chief magistrate within the c6unty, then a certificate, under the hands and seals of two justices or magistrates of the county, that such proof or acknowledgment.has been made before them, is sufficiert. "Without an acknowledgment, the fee did not pas un-der this statute. And "where any person' making such conveyance
shall be a feme covert, her interest in any lands or tenements shall
not pass thereby, unless she shall personally acknowledge the same
before such mayor or other chief magistrate, or before two justices or magistrates, as aforesaid." A privy examination is required, and
the same being -certified, the deed may be recorded-in the county where the land lies. And such deed shall be effectual to pass all the interest of the feme coveit.
The acknowledgment of the deed under consideration, in all re,spects, conforms to the requirements of the above act; and the im-
portant question is, whether, at the time of the acknowledgment, the act was in force? If the act had not been fepealed, the deed is un;questionably valid.
The plaintiffs in error contend that the above statute was repealed
-bythe act of 1785y and also of 1796. The act of 1785 is entitled "An act for regulating conveyances," in the 1st section of which it
is provided, "that no estate of inheritance, or freehold, or for a term of more than five years, in lands or tenements, shall be conveyed from one-to another, unless. the conveyance be declared by writing,
sealed and delivered; nor shall such conveyance be good against a purchaser for valuable consideration, not having -notice thereof, unless acknowledged or proved before the General. Court, or before the court of the- county, city, or corporation, in which the land is conveyed,,or in the manner hereinafter directed," &c.
"When husband and wife- shall have sealed and delivered a writing, purporting to be a conveyance of any estate or interest, if she appear in court, and being .examined privily and aparf from her husband, by one of the judges thereof, &c.; or if before two justices
of the peace, of that county in which she dwells, who may be em-, powered by commission, to be issued by the'clerk of the court,
heein the writing ought to be recorded," &c., shall be sufficient to
convey her estate. In this act there'is no express repeal of the act of 1776, conse-
quently -that act can only be repealed in so far as it may be repug-
nant to the subsequent act. They are both affirmative statutes, and such parts of the prior statute'as may be. incorporated into the subsequent one, as consistent with' it, must be considered inforce. This

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

-.645.

Daviess et al' v. Fairbairn et al.

is a settled rule of construction, and applies, with .peculiar force,.to these statutes. Their object was to prescribe certain modes by which real property within the commonwealth should beconveye, by residents and non-residents, and also byfemes covert, and it must be admitted, that no other modes of conveyance than those whiih are so-prescribed will be valid..- These forms have been adopted for the security of real property, and the convenience of individuals;
hence we find in the statute books of all the states, numerous acts regulating the signing, acknowledging, and recording of deeds.
If the act of 1785 be not repugnant in all its provisions to the act
of 1176, yet if the former clearly intended to prescribe the only modes by which real estate should be conveyed, it repeals the prior act. And this intention, it is said, is found in the act of 1785. To some extent, this may be correct. Irk the first section of that act, it is provided, that "no estate of inheritance in lands or tenements shall be conveyed from one to another, unless the conveyance be declared by writing,'sealed and delivered." Now a deed, to be valid as a conveyance, under this statute, must be in writing, sealed and
delivered. This is the common law definition of a deed. But there are other requisites to make this conveyance valid against a purchaser for a valuable consideration, without notice. The deed must be acknowledged as the statute requires, and lodge4i with the clerk for record. fhe conveyance as between the parties would be valid, under this statute, without acknowledgment, but unless acknow-
ledged and recorded, or lodged for record, would not be notice to subsequent and ihnocent purchasers.
The acts under consideration provide specially the mode by which the estate of a feme covert shall be conveyed. In the act of 1785, her privy examination may be made in court, or by one of the judges thereof, or she may be examined by two justices of the peace of the-county where she resides. "who may be empowered to do so by commission," &c.
By the act of 1776, the acknowledgment and' privy examination of a feme covert were-required to be made before the mayor or other
chief magistrate, or before two justices Qr magistrates of the town or place wherein she shall reside. The acknowledgment before two justices is retained in the act of 1785, with this additional "requisite, that the justices shall be commissioned, as provided, to perform this duty. This necessarily repeals that part of the prior - act which authorized the acknowledgment to be taken before two justices, without being commissioned. The latter act is, in this regard, repugnant to the former. The provisions cannot stand tbgether, as the latter ,act superadds an issential qualification of the justices not
required by the former. 'But the important question is, whether, as the act of 1785 made no provision authorizing a mayor of a city to take the acknowledgment of a feme covert, that rovision in the act
of 1776 is repealed by it. In this respect it is clear there is no

646

SUPREME COURT.

Daviess et -aL. v. Fairbairn et aL,

repugnan cy between the two acts,.. The two" provisions may.well
stand together, the latter as cumulative to the former. Does a fair interpretation of the act of 1785 -uthorize thi-infer-
ence, that the legislature intended no conveyance by a feme ..-overt 'should be valid, unless acknowledged in the form prescribed by that* -act? We think no such inference can be drawn. In.the first section of that act, in reference to'ordihary acknowledgments of conveyances, in order, when recorded, that they might operafe as notice
to subsequent purchasers, it is reqiired thA't .the acknowledgment should be made as provided, "or in the manner heieinafter directed.' The words here cited can have no bearing on the 'execufibn of a conveyance by a feme covert.. In, a subsequent part of, tl sane section, provision is made for the execution--of-suchan instrument, which is complete, without reference to any other part of the statute. The above words, therefore, could only refer t6 the conveyances spoken of in the first part of the section, and in order that they
might operate, when recorded, as notice. Upon a careful comparison of these statutes, as regards the point
in controversy, we think there is no repeal of the act of 1776, by
the act of 1785. There is no express repeal; no repugnancy, as regards the power 'of' the mayor of a cityto-take the acknowledgment of a feme covert; nor. on this point are there any words (f-the. latter act which show an intention to make its provisions exclusive. We are 'therefore brought to the. co*nclusion, looking only at these statutii, that the latter -act, in this regard, may be. considered as
cumulative. As having a strong and decided bearing on this view, We refer to
Wood v. The United States, 16 Peters, 362. 16-that case, the couilt say, "1the questioti then arises whether the.:66th section of the act of 1799, chap. 128, has been repealed,.or whether it remains in full force. That it has hiot been expressly, or by direct terms, repealed, is admitted; and the question resolves itself 'into the more narrow
inquiry, whether it has been-repealed by necessary iiplication. 'We %ayby necessary implication, for-it is not sufficient io 'establish that subsequent laws cover some or even all the cases provided for by it;
for they may be nerely affirmative, or cumulative, or auxiliary. But there must be a positive repugnancy between the.provisions of the
new laws and those of the old; and even then the old law is repealed by-implication 'Onlypro tanto, to the extent of the repuagpancy"
We come now -to consider the act of 1796. The act of the 20th - of December, 1792, concerning - the 'relinqiishment of.dover, in
the. 2d section., provides that d6wer may be relinquished before two justices of the peace, where the parfies reside out of 'the common*ealth, and the cleik of the county is required. to-certify that the persons taking the acknowledgment were justices, &c. This provision is repugnant to that of the act of 1785, which requires -a 'cormission to be issued to such justices.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

647

Daviess et al. v. Fairbairn er al.

By the act of the 17th .of December, 1795, two j riohs*were authorized to be appointed by joint ballot of the legislature, to revise the laws in force, &c. These persons, having been so appointed, reported the act of 1796, which is entitled "An act to reduce into one the several acts, or parts of acts, for regulating conveyances." In this act are includi.led parts of the act of 1776, and nearly the whole of the. act of 1785. It was passed the 19th of December, 1796, and, with all other acts reported'at the same tiine, was. adopted by a general act, referring to the various acts, and providing that "1so much of every act or acts before recited, as comes within the purview of this act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed from and aier the 1st day of January, 1797,"1 on which. day the above act took effect.
That part of the act of 1776, authorizing the mayor of a city to take the acknowledgment of a feme covert, is not included in the act of 1796; nor were certain- 1rovisions of the act of 1748, "1for settling the titles and bounds of lands," &c., included, some parts'
of which have since been recognised by the Court of Appeals of Kentucky, as in force. " -
Great reliance is placed by thecpunsel for the defendants in error, in the case ofHynes's Representatives v. Campbell, 6 Monr..286. In that case, the complainants prayed a rescision of the contract for the conveyance of a certain tract of land, on the ground of a defect of title.; and the court held, that they were not bound to accept the deed for the land, tendered by the defendant, as some of the conveyances under which he claimed were not acknowledged and recorded, as the law required. The deeds thus objected to "were acknowledged before two justices of the peace bf Dunwiddie county; Virginia, who certified simply that the grantor acknowledged the same before them, as the law required," without adding that the grantor "also subscribed the same in their presence." This pro-. ceeding was under the act of 1792, which had been construed to require a certificate of the justices that the deed had been subscribed in their presence, in regard to deeds executed within the state. And the court say, they turned their, attention to the act of 1776, "and they find that it regulates only conveyances made out of the state, and that it provides for acknowledgment alone, before two justices of the peace, and says not a word about subscribing, and if that act is in force in this respect, it will exactly embrace the case in question." And they held that the above act was virtually repealed by the act of 1785, which requires that the two justices taking the acknowledgment should be commissioned to do so. This view of the court, as regards the acknowledgments of the deeds then before them, was undoubtedly correct. It is the construction which we have before given to this part of the act of 1785. The attention of the court was not drawn to any other point than the one before them. They did not say that that part of the act of 1776 which regulates the acknow-

648

SUPREME COURT.

Daviess et a]. v. Fairbairn et aI.

ledgment by a feme covert, which is wholly different from the above, was- repealed.- It isitrue their languae is general, but their meaning must be limited to the point under consideration. ,This decision, therefore, cannot be considered as having a bearing on the point now
before us. In the case of Prewet v. Graves et al., 5 J. J. Marshall, 120, the
court say, that-the 5th section of the act of 1748 had been repealed by subsequent and repugnant enactments. In Miller et al. v. Heri-
shaw & Co., 4 Dana, 323, they say, in reference to the act of 1776, and to the decision of 'Hynes's Representatives v. Campbdll, above cited, that the act of-1776 "is n~where repealed by express vords,
but only by construction, in consequence of the inconsistency of its provisions with those of subsequent statutes; and as none of the
subsequent statutes relate to the authentication of deeds of personalty, out of the state, except those which reduce th number of witnesses from three to two, there can be no inconsistency, and therefore no constructive repeal of so much of this statute as relates to deeds of personalty, except as to the number of witnesses."
In McGowen v. Hay, 5 Litt. 244, the court held the act of 1748 was in force in Kentucky, in regard to the acknowledgment and recording of mortgages and deeds of trust. By the act of 1796, a deed, executed out of the commonwealth for lands within it, was required to be recorded in eight months. The act ot-1785, which preceded it, required such deed to be recorded in eighteen months; and in Taylor v. Shields, 5 Litt. 297, the question was, whether the latter of these acts, in this respect, had repealed the former; and the
court say, " we should hesitate much to give such effect to the latter statute." "Virtual repeals are not favoured by courts. A body of acts ought to be held as one act, so far as they do not conflict with each other. Here the same restriction to the ' manner prescribed by law,' existed before the passage of our act, as well as afterwards; and if, intranscribing the Virginia Code into ours, any part shall be adjudged to be repealed, barey by putting in the date of transcribing as the date of the law-, and because the provision, so transcribed,
shall apparently conflict with any former part not so transcribed, it .maybe of serious- consequence to the community." "(We incline," the court say, to the opinion, "that the clause in our statute, (of 1796,) 'in the manner prescribed by law,' meant to retain, and was intended to retain, former provisions, with regard to deeds entire ;" and they held, that the recording of the deed within eighteen months, under the act of 1785, was sufficient.
That part of the act of 1785, which regulated the time of recording deeds, executed without the commonwealth, was not copied into the act of 1796, and yet the court held that the latter act, in this respect, did not repeal the former.
In -Elliott et al. v. Piersoll et al., 1 Peters, 339,.this court say, the Virginia statute of 1748 "was adopted in Kentucky, at her

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

649

Daviess et aL v. Fairbairn et a).

separation from Virginia, and is understood never to have been
repealed." It does not appear that the question, as to the validity of the ac-
knowledgment of a deed before, the mayor of a city, by a feme covert, ufider the act of 1776, since that of 1785 has been enacted, has ever been decided. Some general expressions, as above stated,
have been used by the Court of Appeals, in regard to the repeal'of the former idt by the latter, but those expressions did not relate to the above question. And it may be again observed, that those re-
marks by the Court of Appeals can only be held to apply to the -matter then before them; and that a more extended application of 'them would be inconsistent with the views taken by-the same court,
in the other cases cited. If the provision in the act of 1785, requir-
ing a deed -executed'out of the state to be recorded in eighteen months, is not repealed by the act of 1796, requiring such deed to be
recorded in eight months, is the act of 1776, authorizing the acknowledgment of a deed before a mayor, by a feme c6vert, repealed by sub-
sequent acts? -None of those acts repeal, in terms, the above provision in the act of 1776, and they contain no repugnant provision. Consequently, the first act stands unrepealed. The different -acts on the
same subject, in the language of the Court of Appeals, must be '.'considered as one act." In this view, the provision in question
stands consistently -with all the subsequent statutes; and on this ground we feel authorized to say, that the acknowledgment of the deed before us is valid, under the act of 1776, and that it conveyed 'to Ferguson, the grantee, a good title in fee-simple. The clause of the act of 1796, "repealing- so much of the acts referred to as come
within the purview of that0act,' extends no*further than the repugnancy of the act of 1796 to the provisions of the acts named.
Upon the whole, the judgment of the Circuet Court is reversed, at the costs of the defendants, and the cause be remahded, &c.

VOL. I.-82

"0'24

SUPREME OtTRT.
Price v.-S essionp.

·was to settle the claims m ,as short a time as practicable, so as to efiable the govenment to sell the public lands. which could not be done with propriety until the private claims were ascertained. As 'these'were niany in number, and for large quantities, no choice was :ift to the governmeit biut their speedy settlement, and severance -from the public domain; such his beenits anxious policy throughout, as appears, from almost every law passed on the subject. In f828 the time for filing p~titions-before the courts was even reduced from two, years. to one, and a positive bar interposed in case of failure. This policy we think Congress intende& to maintain, and that the *Qurtsof Florida had .no ju'ris diction to receive a petition for the confirmation of an iicomplete 'concession like the one b'efore us, after the 26th of May, 1831.
Some stress has been placed on the language employed by this 'court in 'Delspine's caie, 15 Peters, 329; and on which it is sup-
-posedthe court below founded its decree on the head ofjirisdictidn. There an amended petition.had been. filed after the expiration of a rear' from the 26th of May, 1831, and the, quiestion was.whether the
defective petition, 'filed-intime, had.saved th6 bar, and it was held that-it ha'd: But sb far ffom holding that no bar xisted, the contrary-is rather to be inferred; the direet question was neither d6cided
or intended to-be. . -For.the reasons stated,-we order the7 decree of-the Superior Court
of 'East Flbrida to be reversed, and direct that thd6 appellees! .peti-
tion be dismissed.

L.,WSjtyN PRICE, JUN., Fog THE uSE oF DmNrEL W. GArLLRY, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. MRTAA A. SEssIoNs.
'Where a testator devised certain pioperty to his infant daughter, to be delivered over to her when she should arrive at' the age of eighteen years, and the daunghter, at the age of-sixteen, married the executor who'had the principal management of the estate, and possession of the property'devised, he must be considered as holding it as executor, and not as husband.
The execuitors had no power to deliver the property to the daaughter, or to her guardian, or to her husband, before th" happening of the contingency mentioned'in the rill.
The law of the state of Mississippi, providinrg that a wife should retain such -property in hiar own right, notwithstanding her coverture, having gone into operation before the daughter arrived atthe age'Qf eighteen years, the distribution to her -mustbe considered to have been made under that law.
The property, there'fore, cannot be xespdnsible for the husband's debts.
Tins case was brought up, by writ of error, from, the Circuit Couit of the United States for the southern-diStrict of Mississippi.
The fats were these: iJune, 1836, l6usseHi Smith died, leaving a will, the second sect.ioi

JANUAR-Y TERM, -1845.

623

Pricee . Sessions.

of which directed that his just debts and fun-efal expenses be paid,

and that, for this purpose, the fQrce be kept together on his plantaIion, Sylvan Vale, and-prudently-managed -until.that crop, or the

subsequent one; should yield a fund to pay said ilebts.

The third section bequeathed to biis step-son, William D. Griffin, four quarter-sections of land, and seventeen sla 'es; and continued as follows:* "which proprmty is to be delivered to the said William

D. Griffin, by my executors,.when he shall arrive at thd age of twen-

ty-one years; and should he, the said William.D. Griffin, die before he arriv.es at the age of twenty-one years, then, arfd in that event,'

the aforesaid property, real and personal, is to be equally divided

between. my derai beldved brothers-in-law, E. J. Sessions, P. W.

Defrance, re. Le Defrance, and Charles A. Defrance,.provided they be living; if not; then it is to revert to my estate again, to be dis-

posed of as hereipafter provided. "4thly. I giv and becueath, unto my dear beloved daughter,

Martha Ann Smith, all the remaining balance of my estate, rea -and

personal, not mentioned in my bequest to William D. Griffin, -and should lhe and the others before-mentioned, to'whom the said legacy

was to.desdd, all be dead, -she"is also to inherit iti the said legacy toW. . Griffib; but, at all events, the property is to be kept together, and the force worked on the plantation, uintil my said daugh-.

ter, Martha Ann, arrives'at the ag6 of eighteen years, at which time

m~y executors are to' deliver over to her all of the property first set

apart for her and still retain the possession of the legacy to W. D. Griffin, and not deliver it to her, if-he'lives until he is twenty-one.

years -of age; and if he dies, the.mode is pointed out for them to pursue. But should my said daughter, Martha Ann die before-she

arrives at the age of eighteen, or has. An heir of hir own body, then

:the .legacy left her, as also that may descend- to her from the first legacy, (to W. D."Grifflii,) ii to be disposed of as follows,,to wit:"

&c., &c.

He fuher appointed E. J..Sessions, P. W. Defrance; John Lane,

and'George Sels'er, executors;- and-John Lane guardian to his daugh-

ter, Maitha, the defendant in error.iii the preserit suit, who was, at

that time, about fdurteen years of age. .

On the 25th of July, 1836, the will was admitted-to probate, and letters testamentary were granted to three of the executors viz., Ses-

sions, Lane, and Selser; and Lane was also appointed, guardian to

the child.

On the 8th of May,.1838, Sessions, together with Samuel Fernandis, and H. Femandis, executed to Price,,the plaintiff in error,

two 'promissory notes; one payable -eight months after the .1st of

May, 1838, for $2345 11, andihe other payable twdve months after

the 1st of May, 1838, for$24l 16; both being negotiahle and pay-

able at thd office of the Planters- Bank, Vicksburg, Mississippi. -

In September, 1838, Sessions, oine Qf the executors maried Mar-

VOL. Im.-79

3 G

"

.626

SUPREME COURT.

Price v. Session-s.

tha, the daughter or the testalor, she being, at that time, about six-
teen years of age. In August, 1839, Price, a citizen of the republic of Texas, and
suing for the-ihse of Gaulley, a.citizen of the state of New York,
brought suit agminst the three' makers of the notes aforesaid, in the Circuit Courtof the United States.
kf Nov.ember term, 1839, he obtained a judgment against the whole three, and in December following issued, a fieri facias upon thIe huendpgrmoepnetr.t.y levied upon was suffered to remain in the hands of

the possessors, upon..their executing a forthcbming bond.

In 1839, the legislature of Mississippi passed an act, (Acts, 72,)

the 22d. and 23d sections of which were a follows:

"Sect. 22. Any married.woman m~y become seised or possessed

of 'any property, real or personal, by direct bequest, demise, gift,

purchase, or distribution, in her own.riame, and as of her own pro-

-perty; provided, the same does not come from her husband, after

coverture.

"-Sect. 23. Hereafter, 'hen, ahy woman, possessed of a property

in slaves, shall marry, her property in such slaves, and their natural

increase, shall continue to.her, notwithstanding her coverture; and

she shall have, hold, and possess, the same, as her separate pro-

perty, exempt from any liability for the debts or coitracts of the

husband."'

The 24th section gave to a woman'whd became entitled to slaves,

during coverture -the same right which the pre.ceding- section gave

to those 'women who :possessed slaVes at the time of marriage.

In, January,' 184.0; Sessions and wife executed two mortgages;

one to the Commercial and Railroad Bank of Vicksburg, of land and

negroes, to secure $21,661 19, and the other to the Planters' Bank,

of other land and negroes, secure $7121 20.

Ih May, 1840, the forthcoming bondi already spdken of, was for.

feited, the effect of which was equivalent to a judgment against

principal and sureties, for debt, interest, and costs.

On"the 23d of November, 1840, the executors of Russell Smith

presentea their account to' he Probate Court,-by which it was re.

ceived, -examined,, allowed, and- ordered tb be recorded; and the

executors were discharged from further accounting with the court,

imless thereafter cited by parties interested.

The estate was made Dr.,

$39,345 70

And allowed a credit of

13,636 12

By which it appeared the executors had overpaid $25,709 48 'In January, 1842, ani' alias fierfaias was issued against Sessions,
together with the securities on the forthcoiming bond, and levied upon theland and negroes which were devised to Marthabyher father;
In FebnraryI, 1842,Martha claimed the property as her own, and

JANUARY TERM, 1845. Price v. Sess:ions.

,.627

the'question was brought before. the court below on the validity of
said claim. .Upon the trial, the claimant then" introduced John Laie, &ne of the executors, whose competency .was objected to by the plaintiff, but was permitted to testify by the couit. - Said witness testified that Egbert J. Sessions, one of.the defendants in the above-named fieri facias. had acted as executor from the time he.qualified as such, incojunction with the two other executors; that Egbert'J. &Sessions had taken charge of the plardtationi and'slaves, as executor, and had since had the actual control and manhgement thereof, that the possession of Sessioris was joidt.with'the other executors, and the control of the .slaves was given to-him by the other executors as a mat-' terof convenience, ashe, Sessions, lived bn"the adjoining plantation. The witness furthertestified5 -thatthe estate, of Russell Smith was u settled, and that there are nowy outstanding debts against the estate-of.Russell Smitl, unpaid, amounting to -pwards of twenty thousahd dollars. Witness further testified,- that the accounts of the affairs of the estate had been kept dind rendered mostly by Egbert J. Sessioni, the witness, Lane, -having made but two .annual settlements. , Witness stated-that he had rendered- accounts, as guardian of claimant, 'Martha A. Sessions. ' Withess further stated, that he considered Ecrbert J. Sessions in the possession of the property, in the capacity o? executor of Russell Snith , that the-claimant and Rg. bert J. Sessions had hitermarried in 1838; that said Sessions was now in'the possession. of the property since the marriage; that no formal act of delivery of the property to E. J. Sessions, by-the exe-cutors, had taken place. since the marriage of the claimant with said
Sessions,
The plaintiff proved that dlaimantwas now about twenty years of age,-and was sixteen years of- age at the time of her marriage with said Egbert J. Sessions, which was in"September, 1838.
The plaintiff proved by John Lane, that he assented to the execution of the two mortgages'above.named, by Sessions and wife, the
resent claimant. The cliii int then" proved, that the..debts enumerated in said mortgage before referred to, was, as she belinved, in renewal of debts contfacted with the bank by Russell Smith, in. his lifetim6, the claimant's father. Said John Lane further proved, thaf he was a director in one of .the banks t6 which said .mortgages are made; that he had assisted Sdssio'ns in making the arrangementwith the bankl;and also assented that he, Sessions, and claimant should mortgage the property to the banks. This was all the procf in the cause; and,,thereupon, the court instructed the jury, "that the propertV devised and bequeathed by, the will of Russell Smith to the claimant, MarthaA., did not vest in hei, nor was she -entitled to the possession of it until she- the

628

SUPREME COURT.

Price v. Sessions.

blaimant, arrived at the age of eighteen years: and although she

married the defendant in th execution before that time, the title of

tlie property could n6t be vsted inJaim until ihe claimant attained

- eighteen years of age, at which time, under the will, she became

entitled to the possession of it; that the property in controversy is a

chose in action, and coulc n:ot vest in her husband until she or he

had reduced it to possssion, which couldnot be doie, by the terms

of the.will, befoie she was eighteen yeats of age. If, therefore,

when the act of the Mississippi legislature, securing to married wo-

men their pr6perty .free from the debts of their husband, (which

went. into. effect in. April, -1839,) the claimant had not attained te

ge of eighteen years, the husband had no legal estate in it, and-it

ould not be subject to this executioni; and if they believe from the

vidence, that the possession held by Eghert J. Sessions, one of the

ioeifietnlydawntisth-inthteheotehxeercuetxioenc,utowrass, hsuecldh-t-psosesexsesciountovr'eusptedtbiuthihaitntiimnoe legal interest by hiis -marriage with.t'he~clamnant, eithe'r to the land
"To which instructionsof or slaves, oI other personal prothpertcyo.urt the plantiff
excepted, and

fteirnedderferdcmthtihdhbisar,bill.wohifhehxecepptriaoynesdamt itghehttimbee, sbigenfoerde, tsheealjeudr,yerne--

rolled, and made a part of the -rec~-nr":d. ,.whihMiscdfone ac;co[rsdrin"glyn.

Under and.to

these

instructions

the jury

found

a verdict

for

the claimant,

review their e6rrecnethe writ of rror was-brought.

wihenfdoerstoh,e plaintiffin error.

fenri ende, Henderson

for

the

defendant

in error.

referred

to the following assignment of errors which

had 1.

ben The

fcioleudrtinertrheed

court instr

below:

ructing th jury-

a"That the property devised sell Smith

and bequeathed

by the

will of Rus-

arrived to the claimant the Martha age of Ann etigt hteen did notvest years. in her until · she

2. The court erred in "lThat the title othe

instructing

the

jury

property did'not vest in Egert J. Sessions

dri* ithn,et:i- -an-ge "de"aigthteen.gye.arsej~ury - g.

3. The court erred, in instructing -the jury- "That the prop !rtyin controversy is a chose in actibn, and could not vest in the husband of the- claimant, until she or he had reduced
it to possession.. 4.' The court erred in instruc: -he jury"1If, when the act of the Misii ppi legislature, securing to mar-
rid women their property, free from the debts of their husbands, (which went into effect in April, 1839,) the claimant had not attained the age of eighteen years, the husband-had no legal estate in
it, and.it could not be subject to this execution."

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

O29

Price v. Sessions.

5. The court erred in instruc "* the jury"If they believed, from the evidence, that the possession held by Egbert J. Sessions, 'one of the defendant in the executidn, was held as executor up to that time, (when the act of the legislature of Mississippi, above referred to, was passed,) jointly with the other executors, such possession vested in him no legal interest.by his marriage with -the claimant, either to the land or slaves, or other
personal property." 6. The court instructed the jury contrrw to the law of the case.
His argument then pToceeded as follows:. Notwithstanding that Russell Smith,' died in June, 1836, and- his daughter Martha married the said Egbeit in September, 1838, and the married women's act took effect on the 15th April,. 1839, yet, as from the proof it is to be inferred that Martha was not eighteen years old till about June, 1840, it is .a]ssumed the'legacy could not' vest till the, latteir date, and therefore was property acquired to her. after the said statute took effect, and was therefore secured to her by the 3d section of that act, which is as follows: ' That.when any woman during coverture shall become entitled to, or'possegsed of, slaves by conveyance, 'gift, inheritance, distri-
bution,' or otherwise, such slaves, together with their natural increase, shall inure and. belong to the wife, in like manner as is above pro-
vidted as to slaves which she may possess at'the tine of marriage." As to all such slaves, she is entitled, as.per sect. 2, to hold them
as her property;.the control and usufruct, however.-to belong to the
husband, agreeable to laws heretofore in force. The Superior Court of Mississippi has decided that this statutory
estate, of a maried woman is not the.sole and separate estate known to the common and chancery law: that the latter may still be cregted, though .the statute has not created such estate, but has ont seciijed personal propeity to a'mnarried .woman, in the same way lands, -in her own right, were secured to her at common law.
2 Smede & MAarshall's Rep. 165, 570.
We maintain1st. That by the will of Russell Smith the-legacy to his daughter
Martha vested on the instant of his death, and possession only was deferred; and her marriage .with Egbert J. Sessions invested him with a right of property in said legacy, subject aly to like post-
ponement of possession. 4 Hen. & Munf. 411; 4 Call's Rep. 321.; 1 How. Miss. Rep. 563, 564; 3 How. Miss. Rep. 312, 395, 396; 1 Wash. Va. Rep.'30.
That to fix a husband's right of property to a legacy accruing to his wife, either before or, during coverture, it is not necessary he
should reduce it to. possession. 3 How.: Miss. Rep. 395, 396;
4'How. Miss. RepF. 214. Especially is. this true of a legacy, the" possession of which is 3 G2

630

SUPREME COURT.

Price v. Sessions.

postponed by the will, by which the .husband's right to reduce to

possession is delayed. 4 Hen. & Munf. 411. 2d. The court below erred in charging the jury, that "the'pro-

perty in controversy is a chosi in action, and could nof vest in her

husband until he or she had reduced it to posgession, which could

not be done by the terms of the willuntil she was eighteen years,"

and therefore that the.title could not vest in husband, &a., till after

wife -was eighteen. Whatever question may be made of what constitutes a chose in

action, -'*hether it may be property out of possession, or only a right

to recover money due by contract, or by tort, it- is maiiifest, from

the state of facts.in this case, these slaves vere not, (in relation to

Egbert J. Sessions,) in any sense, a chose in action. He had the

actual and controlling possession of the slaves from the time of-mar-

riage. And -the right to them, which vested in him by virtue of - the marriage, concurring with his actual possessloni, precludes the

possibility that these slaves were, to him, ehoses in action. Him-

self was the executor-whom could -he sue?. both title and possession were-his owrn-for what- could he sue? -True, he had a right to account with the probate court for his administration, but he nei-

ther could sue, nor be sued, for- these slaves. See 1 How.. Miss.,

)ep. 563, 564. 3d. The court erred, also; in instructing the jury that if Egbert

J. Sessions had possession of the slaves levietf, before his wife was

eighteen years. old, such possession could only be as executor, and

could not invest him with the necessary possession to-fix his marital

rig.hIft ipnosthseesspiroonpeorfty.a wife's legacy be postponed by the will, the

-husband, it is true, cannot be entitled to recover its possession; -but

fjuodr itcheadt.same cause his marital right to-the legacy shall not b6 pre4 Hen. & Munf. 411 ; 3'-How. Miss. Rep. 313; 1 Wash.

Va. Rep. 30.

Now, by the laws of Mississippi; where a -will does not otherwise

appoint, executors and administrators are bound to pay over lega-

cies, or make distribqttion, twelve months after letters granted. Rev.

Co., How. & Hutch. p. 406, sects. 70, 71.

'"The executors 'had this estate in administration from testator's death, in June, 1836, till Martha Ann married E. J. SesSions, (one

of the executors,) in September, 1838,.Iwo years and three months

-in all. -But--for the provision of the will, that the slaves should be kept

together fill the legatee, Martha, should arrive at eighteen years of

age, the law would have terminated the executor's right of posses-

sion more than a year before the marriage.

"

It-was not, therefore, in right' of their logal office of executors that le possession was then held, but by the appointment of the

boinll1y, The husband, therefore, had all the possession of this

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

631

Pric.e v. Sessions.

vested legacy at the time of. his marriage of which the legacy was capable; and the law required nothing more of him,to perfect his
title jure matiti. -3 How.Miss. Rep.313.
Two months after Egbert J.Sessions' marriage this judgment was obtained against him, - which; by the statute of Mississippi, binds property; personal as well as real, from it&date. Rev. Co'.-,
How. & Hutch. p. 621; 6 How. Rep. 562, 567. But if we are mistaken ii all the preceding, stitlhle charge of the
court and the verdict of the jury would be wrong; because, if the title to the property was in the wife, the usufruct for life is, by the
statute of 1839, reserved to the -husband, and that his life-estate would be subject to execution for his debts.. 6 How. Miss. Rep. 562; 2 Mj nf. Rep. 501; 4 How. Miss. Rep. 230; 2 How. Miss. Rep. 39.

Critefiden, for the defendant in error, insisted-

1.

That

the property

devised

was not

fully .vested in her till she
-

arri ed at the age of eighteen years.

2. That whatever right or interest might have been previously Vested in her by the will, she had 'not, nor was, she entitled to, seisin

or.pogsession of the land or slaves before she attained that age. And therefore, as she did not attain it until after her marriage,

and after the passage of aid act, the provisions of that act apply to and protect the land and slaves d6vised to her from the debts of her

husband and from the execution in questioii' and, consejuently,.

that said verdict ind judgm'ent are correct) and ought to be affirmed.

Mr. Critlendei'sid that this case'strikLingly illustrated the wisdom

of the law of Mississippi, which was einphatically called "a woman's law." The executor married the daughter at 'the age of sixteen, And the honey moon was :scarcely over'when an execution came to,

weea a ll that had been provided torher future comfrt, The only iquiry is, whether the Igaoy was vested or not. :Suppose

she hadi~died, old the husband have had it? 'Not so because it

wpoasstpQtonebde, t"haepplaliwedwtoouclhda:criotanbsliedepr uirtpoasses. If payment was only a.vested legacy, but.the
consequences "of a vested, legacy do not follow .here; therefore it

cannot be so. .The 'devise 'over shows that itwas hot the intention

otefnttihoentemstuastto, rb'teha.tthethe

lee'goancsytr.schtoonuoldf

vest'immediatehliy, wainlld.

his I

inis-.

frue that chancery inclines to consider legacies as ved.td, when it is doubtfl,. but all agree that every thing must give way. to-the. infentn ofte testator, to ascertain which is the object of all r'uoes. Ily

"tlheigsateeeasei,s4hneot itnote'cnotmioen inisto.cpleyasr.se"sTs'lnerteill.tihs.en'preeseanotfe:.iggihftt,e.ebnu,t'.atnhde in the uaean'tim the executor-is to"have'it, wh0'is directehd ow to applyit. Ageain, if the'legacy vested and she'fad died' before .reaching thgea of eighteen, it wld hav gone to hei personal

632

SUPREME COURT.

-Price. v. Seisions.

representativesi but the will gives it another direction. I Roper on
-Legacies, 378, et seq. ; 3 Vesey, 236, 536; 1 Merivale, 422, 428' 8 Vesey, 547; 2 Merivale, 363, 384.
The rule is, that where interest-on a legacy is given to a legatee, courts are inclined to consider it as a vested-legacy, although the
payment may be .postponed to a future time; but here the profits were to go to the executor, and, in case of the death of. the legatee,
the property-was to go in another dfrebtioin than .b her natural heirs.
Was- it.within the protection of the law of Mississippi? The law may be.inartificially drawfi, but its object is apparent. Wh.en it
.allows a woman to acquire-and hold separate property, it -is equiialent to saying that it shall not be resj onsible for the debts of the ihusband. But it is said by the other side that the husband 'bad at least an estate for life in the slaves, and that this estate was pioperly liable to execution for his debts. But the act says that he 1s tb'have the direction and control of them during c6verture, and how.can this be complied with if they are removed out of it by being sold? If this were so, the intentions of the legislature could always be defeated, There are no" restrictions as to time or place, and-hey might be sold for twenty or thirty years if the husband continued to live so long and be removed to some distant place from which the woman, when a widow, would find it impossible to reclaim them. Was this what the leoislature mea'nt? All that" they intended .to provide -for was that te husband 'should have a control 'over them
for safe keeping., They intended to cairy out their -idea plainly, .withoutreference to techinical rules or contingent legacies. It has been said that' the husband became vested with the property before
the passage off the act; but the counsel confounds his possession a's
executor with that as husband. A case has been cited from Virgnia, saying -that where a remainder in slaves belongs to a wife, the
band hs a vested right. But this is peculiar to that state.and. arises froxhi her local laws. In Kentucky, slaves are real property
for some purposes,'and personal for others. The common law has not.beeh the woman's friend. Society has placed her in ahigher position thai).the law. Under a flattering pretence of unity between
husband -and wife,'the woman: has been considered as annihilated, stripped of her property, and in widowhood, allowed only a scanty pittance of the very property which she may have 'brought. "his law of Mississippi is a wise and. just law, and-we hope it will re-* ceive such a construction as will carry out the benign intentions of the legislature. Sessions was not married when the d.ebts were contracted, and no injustice' is done to his creditori by refusing to apply his wife's'property to the payment of these debts.

'Ienderson,in reply and conclusion, referred to Roper on Lega. cies, 403, to show -that a devise -over upon a contingency does not prevent a legacy froim vesting. The husband here .claims to

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

6,3

Price r. essjions.

hold as execftor after his functions 8s executor have ceased, The di tinction bdtiween the choses im action and property of -a wife" is clearly poihted out in 3 Howard's Miss. Rep. 395: ' The-courts 4 Mississippi say that the iight of the husband is perfect without reducing them into possession. How :can "property in posses-sion be
a chose in action? Sessions had these slaves in possession; and has them now. He undoubtedly had a life-estate in them. Thd ease
is badly brought up, because, the verdict of the jury includes both land and slaves. In Mississippi propeAty taken in execution may be repleviedS but this will- not apply to liid, The satute only meant to put a wife's personal property in the same condition .where the common law places her real estate. But the life-estate of a husband in lands may. be sold. The statute gives to-the husband the use and control of the-wife's slaves as long as he liveg, and consequently she can have no benefit from them. under any-construction
of it.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the court.
The question arising on the charge of the Circuit'Court is, What interest had the husband, Sessions, in the property in controversy at the time it was levied on for his debts: If he had any subject to* execution, it was acquired- by the marriage with his wife as owner. Her right depended on the will of her father.
Russell Smith died in 1836, in the state of Mississippi, leaving a last will and testament, duly proved in Warren county, (27th July, 1836,) leaving E. J., Sessiqns, P. W. Defrance, John Lane, and George Selser his executors; and also leaving-John Lane-testamentary guardian to the te'stator's only child, Martha Ann Smith. Sessions, Lane, and Selser qualified, as executors,
"The testator first provided, that 'his debts should be paid by the .proceeds of crops from his plahtation; and that the force should be kept together, until the crops paid the same, not-exceeding two,
however. He next gave to his step-son, William D. Griffin, a section of
land, and various slaves to be delivered to this devisee, wen he arrived at-the age of twenty-one years: - But should he die before, then, and in that event, the property, real and personal was to be divided between E. J. Sesgions, P.-W. Defrance, W.- Le Defiance
and Charles A. Defiance, provided they should be living-if not, the'property to revert to the estate to be disposed of as thereinafter
provided. . * 2. All the remaining balance of the estate real and personal is devised to the daua-hter, Martha Ann Smith-and should all of the devisees mentioned'.in the first clause -be dead. before William D. Griffin attained twenty-one years of age, then the whold estate was' to be inherited by said Martha Ann. "But at all events (says the will) the "propertyis to be kept together ard the foice worked on
VOL. II.-.80

684

SUPREME COURT.

Pric.e v. Sessions.

the pjaniation until my said daughter Martha Ann arrives at the age ofighteen years; at which time my executors are to deliver over to her all of the property first set apart for her,, and still retain the possession of the legacy .to, W. D. Griffin, and not deliver it to her if he lives until he is twenty-one years of age." The proceeds
of the 'erops to be vested in young slaves, in the mean time. If the daughter should die before she arrive at the age.of eighteen,
or had an heir of her body, then the 16gacy left her, (and that left to Griffin also, if vested in her,) are directed to be disposed of other-wise-in charities, &c.
At about sixteen years of age Martha Ann mirried Egbert J. Ses-
sions, one of the executors, whb had the principal management of the estate, and possession of the property. For the additional facts we refer to the statement'of the reporter. .On this -proof the court
instructed the jury, "that the property devised and bequeathed by
the will of,Russell Smith to.the claimant, Martha A., did not vest in her, nor was *she entitled to the possession of it until -she, the
claimant, arriVed at .the age of eighteen years; and although she married the defendant in the execution before that.time, the title of the property could not be vested in him, until the claimant attained. eighteen years of age, *atwhich time, under the will, she became
entitled to the possession of it; that the property in controversy is a chose in action, and could not -vest in her husband until she or he had reduced it to possession, which could nof be done, by the terms, of the will, before she was eighteen years of age. If, therefore, when the act of the Mississippi legislature, sepuring to married w6-
men their property, free from the debts of their husbands, (which went into effect in April, 1839,) the claimant had not attained the age of eighteen years, the husband had no legal estate in it, and it
could not be subject to this execution; nd if they believe from the evidence, that the possession held by Egbert J. Sessions, one of the defendants in the execution, was held as executor up to that time
jointly with the other executors,- such possession vested in him no legalinterest by his marriage with the claimant, either to the land or slaves, or other personal property." ,
As the legacy Was -outstaaiding at the time of the marriage, the
title was in the executors, subject, first, to the payment of debts; and then the .claim of the devisee: but on the contingency, that until the daughter arrive at eighteen, or had an heir of her body, she should in the mean time take nothihg more thtn a support; and this whether she married or not, for a marriage was contemplated as possible
before the age of eighteen, as the becoming a mother before was provided for, so that the child might take through the mother.
We think it is free from doubt that the executors had no power to deliver possession of the property devised to the daughter before either of the conitingencies above occurred; and that an attempt to do so, either to the guardian,.or to the husband, would*have been-

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

635

Price v. Sessions.

void because in violation of the manifest intention of the testator: It follows, that until the wife arrived at the age of eighteen, or had an heir of her body, the husband could only hold possession as executor. Had he died before, then we think it clear, the wife would have taken, and not the personal representative of the husband as the executors could: not assent in his behalf to the vesfiture of the legacy in possession. Provisions in wills, that the executors shall retain the property devised until the devisee is of lawful age,
and postponements to later periods, are of common occurrence; the executors having assumed the ±rust, are held to its execution-on tteir responsibility and prudence the testator relied, and not on fu-
ture husbands that young and orphan daughters might marry; nor on guardians selected by indiscreet and incompetent minors. These evils are-too prominent, and have too long employed the anxious cares of prudent testators, for this court to lend its sanction in any
degree to impair the -guards interposed by wills, whereby the rights of possession an& enjoyment are withheld from devisees. As the
testator could have cut them off altogether if he would, there is no ground for complaint recognised in courts of justice: And yet less
round for complaint is there in a case like the present, where an individual creditor of'the husband seeks to defeat the plain provisions of the will, by an assumption that the marital rights superseded the executorial duties, and conferred a power to deliver pos-
session, which the will" expiessly prohibited.
Mrs. Sessions atfained the age of eighteen in June, 1840. In April, 1.839 the act of Mississippi took effect, by which it is provided-that when any woman possessed of property in slaves shall marry, her property in such slaves, and their natural increase, shall
continue to her, notwithstanding her coverture; and she shall have,
hold; and possess the same, as her separate property, exempt from any liability for the debts or contracts of the husband: And when
any woman during coverture shall become entitled to, or possessed of, slaves by conveyance, gift, inheritance, distribution, or otherwise, such slaves shall inure and belong to the wife in like manner,
as is above provided as to slaves which she may possess at the time of marriage.
As the right of distribution in this case was postponed until after
the act of 1839 took effect, the wife could- only take the slaves exempt from the husband's debts ;--we say, could, because it does not
appear that the executorsof Russell Smith have assented to the legacy and delivereff possession-to the legatee, Martha Ann,
Without, saying more, we are of opinion the charge of the Circuit Court to the jurywas proper, and that the judgment must be affirmed.

JANUARY TERM, 145.

83

W LIAM'OLIVER AND MICAJAH T'. WILLAXS AND OTHERS, APELLANTS,
V. RORB T PUw.,
In cases of trust, where the trustee has violated his trust by an illegal conver: sion of the trust property, the cestui gu& trust has a right to folloW the property into whosesoever 4ands he may find it, not heing a bonafide purchaser -fora valuable consideration, without notice.
Where a trustee has, in violation of his trust, invested the truit property or its proceeds in any. other property, the cestui que trust has his option, either to old the substituted property liable to the original trust, or. to hold the trustee himself personally liable for the breach of the trust.
The option, however, belongs to the cestui qgu trust alone and is for his benefit, and not for the benefit of the trustee.
If the trustee, after such an unlawful conversion of the trust property, should re-purchase it, theicstui que trust may, at his option, either hold the original property-subject to the trust, or take the substituted property in which it.has been invested, in lieu thereof. And the trustee, in such a case, has no -ight to insist that the trust shall, upon the re-purchase, attach exclusively to the original trus property..
Where the trust property has been unlawfully invested, with other funds of the trustee, it other property, the latter, in the hands of the trustee, is chargeable pro taito tQ the amount or value of the original trust property.
What constitutes notice of a trust ! An agent, employed by a trustee in the management of the trust property, and
who thereby acquires a knowledg of the trust, is, if -he afterwards becomes possessed of the trust property, boujid by the trust, in the same manner as the trustee. Where, upon thi face of the title-papers, the purchaser has fall means of. acquiring complete knowledge of the title from the references'therein made to the origin and cohsideration thereof, he will be deemed to have'constructive notice thereof.
A co-proprietor of real property, derived under the same title as the other proprietors, is presumed to have full knowledge of the objects and purposes and trusts attached to the original purchase, and for which it is then held for their common .benefit.
A purchaser by a deed of quit claim without any covenant of warranty, is not entitled to protection in a cpurt of equity as a purchaser for-a valuable consideration, without notice; and he takes only what the vendor could lawfully
convey.
A warranty, either lineal or collateral, is no bar-to an heir,who does not claim the property to which the warranty is attached by descent, but as a-purchaser thereof.
Whether a bill in equity is open to the objection of multifariousness or not, must be decided upon all the circumsiances of the 1iarticular-case. No geuerat rule can be laid down upon the subject; and much must be left to the discretion of the court.
The objection of multifariousness can be taken by a party to the-bill only by demurrer, or plea, or answei, and cannot be taken at the hearing of the cause. But the court itself may take the objection at any time-at the hearing or otherwise. The.objection cannot be taken by a party in the appellaie court.
Lapse of -time is no bar to a sulis ting trust in real property. The bar does. not begin to run until knowledge- of some overt act of an 'adverse claim or right set up by the trustee is brolight home to the ceitui q'uetrust. 'the lapse of any period less than twenty years will not bar the cestui qgutrust of his remedy in equity, although he may have been gufilty of some negligence, where'

334

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

the suit is brought against his trustee, who is guilty of the breach of trust,,or
others claiming under him with notice. Where exceptions are .taken to a master's report, it is not necessary forthe
court formally to allow or disallow them on the'record. It will be suffclent, if it appears from the record, that all of them have been considered by the
court, and allowed or disallowed, and the report reformed accordingly. There is no principle of the common law which forbids individuals from asso-
ciating together, to purchase lands of the United States on joint account at a
public sale.

Tuis was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Ohio, sitting as a court of equity.
The record was -very voluminous, consisting of nearly eight hundred printed pages. The acts and declarations of the parties were given in evidence, running through a period of twenty years; and
the case being an appeal from the decree of the Circuit Court, as a court of equity, all this matter was brought up to the Supreme Court. It is impossible, therefore, to put into this statement all the eircum-
starices which had a bearing upon the point in issue, which was,
-Whether a trust did or did not continue in a valuable body of land. MTe leading incidents in the' history of the case are these
In the summer of 1817, two distinct companies were formed at Cincinnati for the purpose of purchasing lands at the public sales of the United States, to be shortly held at Wooster, in the state of Ohio ; the object being to lay out and establish a town in the reserve of twelve miles square on the Miami of Lake Erie, since called the
Maumee river. One company, called the Piatt Company, was composed of the
following persons.: John H. Piatt, William M. Worthington, Gorham A. Worth, and Robert Piatt, the plaintiff in the suit below,
bnd now defendant in error.
The other company was called the Baum Company and composed of ihe following persons: Martin Baum, Jacob Burnett, William C. Schenck, Wlliam Barr, William Oliver, (one of the plaintiffs in error,) Andrew Mack and Jesse Hunt.
What the articles of agreement were between the members of the Piatt Company the record did not show.
On the 7th of June, 1817, the Baum Company entered into the following articles of -hgreement-Mack being admitted to half a share, the whole interest was .divided into thirteen parts, whereof Mack 'held one-thirteenth and each of the other persons two-
thirteenths :"We, the undersigned, agree to enter into a partnership for the
purpose of purchasing lands and lots at the public sales to be held at Wooster, on the seventh and fifteenth of July next; and for the purpose of effecting the said purchases, we agree to borrow, at the Office of Discount and Deposit at Cincinnati, the sum of eight thou,sand dollars for which sum, and for all purchases made by our agents, either at the phiblic sales or otherwise, we hold ourselve3

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

835

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

jointly and equally liable. And we do further aglee that William C. Schenck, William Barr, and William Oliver shall be our agents to explore the lands and make the purchases. And we do agree

to confirm and comply with any contracts that our agents aforesaid may make on our account. And it is further agreed that our said agents shall be authorized to take in any other partner or partners that they inay see proper, on such terms as they may esteem ad-

vantage ous. And it is further agreed that in consideration of the

services to be performed by the agents above, their expeises, incidept to making the purchases aforesaid, shall be defrayed by the

other individuals comprising the company.

C1In.witness whereof we have hereunto set our hands and seals, at Cincinnati, this the seventh day of June, eighteen hundred and

seventeen.

MARTIN BAum, [SEAL.]

JnssE Huqr, J. BuRNET,
W. C. SCIMNCK, W. BAi,
WILLIAM OuVER.

[s .]
[SEAL.] [sEAT.] [sEAL.] [SEAL.]"

The Piatt Company appointed Robert Piatt its agent.
On the 23d of June, 1817, Worthington, John H. Piatt, and Worth addressed a letter of instructions to Robert Piatt, their agent, directing him how to proceed, and enclosing $4000 to make the first payment on the lots of land which he might purchase.
The agents having made their. selections, met at Wooster to attend the sales, and then.ascertained that they had each selected the following tracts, viz.: 1, 2, 3, 4, 86, and 87. In consequence of this, the following agreement was entered into, viz.:
"We, the undersigned, agree, on behalf of the companies we represent, to wit: William C. Schenck, of Warren county, Ohio, and William Oliver, of .Cincinnati, Ohio, for themselves, arid for Jacob Burnet, Mmrfin Baum, Jesse Hunt, William Barr, and Andrew Mack, all of'Hamilton. county, Ohio; and Robert Piatt, of Boon county, Kentucky, for himself, and for William M. Worthing*ton, John H. Piatt, and Gorham A.'Worth, all of Hamilton county,. Ohio, to purchase at the public sales, in Juty, 1817, at Wooster, lots numbered 1, 2, 3, and 4, at,-and including, the mouth of Swan creek, n township No. 3, in the United States reserve, at the foot of the rapids of the Miami of the Lakes, for tbe joint benefit of both companies; that is, one company to have one-half interest in the.whole, and the other company to have the other half; each com-' pany paying one-half of the purchase money. It is further agreed
that Robert Piatt, in behalf of his company and the company of Schenck and Oliver, shall be the bidder for lots Nos., 1 and 2, and William Oliver for lots Nos. 3 and 4, they being the above four lots
at the mouth of Swan creek.

36SUPREME

COURT. Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

"In witness whereof, the parties have hereunto interchangeably set their hands and seals, this 17th.day of July, 1817.

W. C. SCHENCK, [SEAL.1

WILTJAM OLIVER, [SEAL.J

ROBERT PIAT.

[sL.]"

And afterwards. the following:

"The undersigned have agreed to,purchase, for the joint beniefit

of their companieg, lots or tracts of land numbered'86 and 87, op-

posite. the mouth of Swan creek, on the same principles that lots

numbered 1, 2, 3, and 4, at'the mouth of Sivan reek, wdre pur-

chased , as per agreement betwden William "C.Schenck and Wil-

liam Oliver, for themselves -and others and Rob6rtPiatt, for himself

and others, bearing date 17th,Jury, 1817.

ROBERT PIATT; [SEAL.]

WILux OLIVR. [Sn.&L.]
* On the 18th of July, 1817, in co'nfoiinity with the. above agreements, William Oliver bid in lots No. 3 and 4, and on the 19th of July, Itobert'Piatt bid in tracts 1, 2, 86 and 87. The original certificales for the tracts bid in by Oli-er, .were made out in his name,
and-for the tracts bid in by -Piatt, in the names of himself, John H. Piaft, Worth, and Worthington, in conformity with the letter of instructions addressed to him. on the 23d of June.
On the"2-1st QfJuly, 1817, Robert Piatt-bid in, for the separate
account of the Piatt company, the following other-tracts, viz.: North-west qimLrter-section 2, township 3. South-*,est quarter-section 2, township 3. South-west quarter-section 3; township 3. North-west.quaiter-section 3, township 3. Sbuth-eas.t. quarter-section 3, township 3.
The -first instalment .of the puarcliase money -foitwhich was -paid
by the Piatt comtany.
On-the 4th of August; 1817, Robert-Piatt-settled" an account with the Piatt company, giving them crbdit for the four thousand dollars
above mentioned,. and charging them with bnp-half. of the instal-
.mentswhich had been paid upon Nos. 1, 2i 3, and 4, and with ifie whole of the .intalments which had-been paid upon Nos. 86 and 87, and. upon the. five quarter-sections. . After the -retum of 'the agents to Cincinnai,'a meeting of both
dbmpanies was held;. the acts of the" agents" atWooster were ratified, -and the two companies were; "i respect to their joint pur-
-chases, consolidated in a- new company-called the Port Lawrence Company. Martin Baum wa§appointed trustee, for the purpose of carrying out a resolution of the company that a towuiishould be laid out upon a part of the land. It was further agreed that Oliver should be appointed ai agent to lay Dit the town and make-sale of the lots; and he was -directed, in performing this duty, to call to hbl

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

337

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

assistance William' C. Schenck, another of the original members of

the Bauni Company.

Each of the companies purchased other lands upon its 'own pri-

yate account.

On the 14th of August, 1817, Oliver executed a bond to Baum

in the penal.sum of twenty thousand dollars, the condition of which

was as follows:

"Whereas.the. above named Martin Baum hath this <day consti-

tutedjand appointed the before-bound William Oliver his agent, with'

power to lay out .a town at the mouth of Swan creak, on the Miami

of the Lakes, and hath authorized the said William to 'sell bad dis-

pose"of the lots in said*town, agreeably to a letter of instructions,

and to receive payment for the same from the purchasers, and to

execute and deliver certificates, in the nature of title-bonds, for the.

lots by him sold. Now the condition of the above obligation is such, that if the said William Oliver shall in all things well and

truly execute the trust reposed in him by the said Martin Baum, and*

shall render a true account of his proceedings, when required, bad shall faithfully pay over to the said Martin all moneys by him re-

ceived for or on account of sales inade in the town to be laid off

by him, as af6resaid, when thereto required, then, and in such case,

the above obligation shall cease and determin., otherwise remain in

full force and virtue." On the same day, Baum executed a power of' attorney to Oliver,

as follows-:

"Know all men by these presents, that I. Martin Baum, of Cin-

cinnati, in the state of Ohio, for divers good causes and considerations me thereunto moving, have made, constituted,-anld appointed,

and -by these presents do make, constitute, and appoint William

Oliver, of said place, my true and lawful attorney, for me and m,

my name, to sell and dispose of the-lots in a town to be laid off at.

Swan creek, on the Miami of the Lakes, agreeably to a letter of

instructions therewith delivered, and to recei'e payment for the same

from the purchasers, and to execute and-deliver certificates, in the

nature of title-bonds, for the lots by him sold, and to do all lawful

acts requisite for 6ffecting the premises, hereby ratifying and con-

firming all that my said attorney shall lawfully do therein by virtue

hereof. In testimony whereof,"- &c. &c. On the same day Baim delivered to Oliver a letter and a set of

instructions. The letter is as follows: ' Cincinnati,.flugust 14th, 1817.

fSm :-You will observe by the power of attorney this dayhanded

.to you, that you are appointed an agent to lay out a town at the

mouth of Swan creek, on the Miami of Lake Erie. Your appointment is for one year, commencing this day; for which services so

rendered, you are entitled to receive from the proprietors twelve

hundred dollars. And the proprietors of the lands lying in that

VoL1I.--43

2 F

888

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

country, but which, is a distinct concern from the above, have

agreed to allow you three hundred dollars for attending to their se-

parate business.,

"Your obedient servant,

CMr.W. OLxVER."

.MARTnr Biu."

The-instructions were as follows:
(I Cindnnati, 141h .igus, 1817. "D&rnA Sm :-Asagent for the proprietors of the land recently purchased at Swan creek, you will, immediately uppn the receipt of these instructions, proceed to that place, and commence the laying 6ff a town. General.Scheck, who accompanies you, will assist m the survey of the ground, in determining the site, and in the r-rngement and formation of the plat. In running the streets, and intethrestdiovriscioonnvoefniethnecel-osths,ouiltdis bneostacthrieficweidshtfoofrm the; pthraotprthieetogrrsotwhath of the place should be retarded by a useless adherence to any particular figure, or to any fanciful uniformity of squares. The num-

ber of lots to be laid off may be from tnre e to.. five hundred, and, with the exception of water lots and fractional sections, of about sixty feet in front and one hundred and twenty feet in depth. The

principal ar central street should be at least one hundred and' sixty feet wide; others from eighty to a hundred; the alleys from twelve to ifteen.- Let there be three lots, each of. one hundred andtwehty

feet squar'e,. set off for public uses, churches, schools, &c. ; and one, of two hundred and forty feet. square,- for court-house and jail. There should also be reserved one or two suitable lots out of the

town for burying grounds. It is not, however, the intention of the

.proprietors otoie

en do to any specific number of feet and

ince s in the width of the se :r ie othe lots, but they leave

tthoehuimse"thoef

exercise bf that sound

his own judgment, discretion which his

and recommend better knoedge

to him of the

ground, and his pactica information, will enable him to display, to

the interest and advantage of all concerned. feAesoon.as thesurveys have been made, and a pat of the town

formed, it is necessary 'that a copy of them should be immediately

f-rwarded to the proprietors, as also a notice of the time of sale,

which, if practicable, should correspond with the time of holding

the treay with the Indians; andon this subject it is necessary, that

th agent should obta if aist information. In te disposition

and -arraagements of the lots for sale, let one-third of the whoe

number tten in different section s of the town be reserved for the use and benefit of the proprietors or for future disposal.

"The trs'of sale, one-fourth down, and the residue in three

equal-annuakinstalments, with interest from date, if not punctually Paid; subject, however, t such variations as the -judgment of the agent may dictafe, or particular circumstances require:. .Animmediate: correspondence is to be opened by -the agent -with Martin

JANUARY TERM, 184.

839

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

Baum, Esq., -of this city, who will act as trustee for the proprietors, and any information given to him in relation to the business of the agency, the sale of the lots, and the progress of the town, that may be thought of any consequence to the interests of the proprietors, or that may be required by the trustee. It is the intention of the proprietois to give public notice of the time of the sale, and it is necessary that this notice should be as general and as widely spread as possible; the agent will, therefore, immediately, upori the times being fixed, forward the proper advertisement to Detroit, Buffalo, Albany, New York, Philadelphia, Pittsburg, Chillicothe, and to the. trustee in.this city, for publidation. The instructions of the trustee
are,, in all respects, to be regarded as coming from the proprietors
themselves. Wishing you a safe and pleasant journey, and an easy and pros-
perous management of the trust committed to your care, we remain, with great respect, &c., your obedient servant, MAnrn~ BAuM,

To Major WM. OLIVE"R.

Trustee for the Proprietors.

In another part ofShe record, the same paper is found, with a few

and unimportant variations, hu' the names of these persons are signed

to it, viz., Barr, Mack, Burne,, Worthington, Hunt,- John H. Piatt,

Worth, and Baum.

The agents proceeded to lay out a town, and on the 20th Sep-

tember, 1817, offered the lots for sale, according to the following

advertisement-

"Terms of sale.

"Terms of sale of lots in the town of Port Lawrence.: One-fourth

down; the balance in three equal annual instalments; with interest'

from the date of purchase, if.not punctually paid; and'if the whole

amount of the. purchase money is not paid when the last instalment

becomes due, the lots now purchased shall revert to -theproprietors

of Port Lawrence. The undersigned reserve the privilege of one

bid on each lot offered.

W. 0. Sc -cx,

Mzami Rapids, Sept. 20, 1817."1 WILLIM OLIVER, Agents.

At the sale, seventy-nine lots were sold. Two of them, viz., Nos..

223 and 224, were purchased by Oliver himself, with the assent,-as

he alleged in his answer, of the company, and of Martin Baum, the

trustee.

On the 5th of October,. 1817, Schenck gave to Oliver the follow-

ing receipt:

i .namli Rapids, Oct. 5, 1817.

"Received from William Oliver, agent, eight hundred and fiftyfive dollars and thirty-three cents, the proceeds of sales of lots in the

340

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

town of Port Lawrence, for which I am accountable to Martin Baum,

of Cincinnati. cc $855 33. (Signed duplicates.)

W.C. Scn=cx."

In January, 1818, Oliver went to Port Lawrence, and spent the

winter there. In May, 1818, he returned to Cincinnati, about which

time he was elected cashier of the Miami Fxporting Company, and

entered upon the duties of his office on the 1st of-July, 1818.

On the 14th of August; 1818, Oliver, as it was alleged by him in his answer Io the bill, sold and transferred one half of his interest in the Baum Company, and also -in the Port -Lawrence Company, to Steele-& Lytle, they assuming all. outstanding liabilities; and in an

early part-of the ensuing spring, the remaining half of his interest in-

both companies to Embree & Williams. On the 19th of September, 1818, Oliver and Worthington made

a division of the lots in the town of Port Lawrence, between Martin

Baum and John H. Piatt, these persons representing their respective' -companies. One hundred and fifty-seven lots were assigned to

Piatt, and' one hundred and fifty-eight to Baun. On the 24th of Ap.il, 1820, Congress passed an act, entitled -.' An

act making further provision for the sale of the public lands," changin thfe mode of seli lands from credit to cash, and reducing the price from two dollars to one dollar.afd twenty-five cents per acre.

The effect of this law, and ofthtehebiglle,netoradleepmrebsasrrtahsesgmpernot eicntsthoef bthuesiwnaesssall6efgethdeincothuentraynswwherictho occurred about this period , as it

compares before txtheenrtieoonfe,dt, asudchtheanpeecxutmeniatrythcaotntdhiteiyonreosof ltvheedinto-

dividual members and forfeit them tthe United States, rather than abandon the lands, which were.sill due. But before this was done,

pay was the changed instalments by another act of Congress.

the intention

1821, Congress passed "An act for the relief

On the"2d of March,

of Jul, 1820,"

of thepurchasers of publi lands pncor to the first day

which tllowed a purchaser to file a relinquishment of the land so

purchased, aupppolyn thheicshumthsewwhhicohle hpadurcahlareseadymobneeeyn hpaadid fotr bsueecnh. paid, and land, to the completion of payments which might be due upon any

othOenr-lahned.15th of September, 1821, Oliver transferred to Bum the

tertficates of Ndeossc.rib3Ea6nd;d 4an, dwhoinchthhee h1a7dthbiodf fSoerpatet mthbeerp,ubJolihcnsaHle,.

aohferetofore

Puinaittte,d Rinobtrearnt sfPeiraritnt,g Gto. AB.amWotihteh, cearntidficWateilsliafomr thMe. NWdoos.rt1hin2g,to8n6,, had id fol at te sale; and by the same instru-

and 87, which they ment the lastmentionedl. ar8es also transferred to Baum the certifi-

cates for te five qater-sectionws,

hic it has already been stated accoutht, at the

the Piatt Co paiy purhased 6n.ti j .-or private

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

841

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

public sale. Both transfers were-absolute, to Martin Baum, his heirs and assigns, for ever.
On the 27th of September, 1821, Baum, to whom the certificates had thus been assigned, filed, by Micajah T. Williams, his attorney in fact, a relinquishment og tracts Nos. 1 and 2, and requested that the proceeds of former instalments might be applied to the completion of the payments still due upon 3, 4, 86, 87, .and the five quar; ter-sections. . The.consequence. of this transaction was, that as Nos. 1 and 2 had been bought at a'much higher price than the other tracts;' .the credit acquired on the books of the government by their yelinquishmen.t was more than enough to complete the payments for all the other lands mentioned above, and a surplus exiited, in the form, of land-scrip, which might either have been sold or applied to a payment for other lands. Four hundred and seventy-four. dollars and fifty-nine cents of this scrip belonged to the Piatt Company, and was applied by the Baum Company-in payment for lands which that company had purchased. The following is the account

Lands surrendered. Tract No. 1. Amount' paid on it, $1,015 051 Tract No. 2.
Amount paid on it, 3,802 50

Lands not surrendered. Swan Creek, 3, $607 '35

" " 4,

271 71

"

C 86,

.73 3]

"

" 87,

149 96t

5 quarter-sections, 1248 00

'On the 27th of September, 1821, Oliver made a memorandum, or addressed a letter to some person, stating several particulars which he had attended to at Maumeei directing the land to be run out, counsel to be employed, &c., &c.
On the 20th of January, 1822, Baum presented a petition to Congress, representing that he had laid out a town upon tracts Nos. 1 and 2, and sold a number of lots to persons to whom he was bound to give a title; that in consequence of .the late law of Congress, re-' ducing the price of the public lands, he had been obliged to surrender them; and praying that Congress would authorize an immediate sale of those twq tracts of land, so as to give him an opportuuity to re-purchase them at a fair price, and thus-be enabled to.fulfil his engagements to those who had purchased of him.
On the 10th-of September, 1822, Baum gave to Oliver the follov-
ing certificate.
"Cincinhati, Sept. 10; 1822. "Itis hereby certified, that there is due William Oliver, from the Port Lawrence Company, two hundred and thirteen dollars and seven cents, which said Oliier refunded, by'request of the company, to purchasersof lots in Port Lawrence, the title of which has oeen telinquished to the United States by the company; it being the
2F2

842

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al v. Piatt.

amount due on the shares originally owned by John H; Piatt, Robert Piatt, G. A. Worth, and William M. Worthington.
"1 MAitTIN BAUm,
"Agent for the Port Lawrence Land Company."

On the 25th of December, 1822, Baum addressed a letter to the
Hon.,E. A. Brown, Washington City, enclosing his petition, to be
again presented, and saying, amongst other things, "though it is signed by myself only;, still others have an inferest iii it, to wit, Jacob Burnet, William Steele, M.- T. Williams, S. R. Miller, John Rowan, of Kentucky; but, for the sake of convenience, all the lands of the company were transferred to me. The petition gives a true statement of facts; the grounds why those tracts were surrendered to
the United States; the injurious operation of the law of Congress (called the relief law) bi the case; and the just claim which (I think) I and my associates have on the government for redress," &c., &c.
In-January, 1823, Baum, came into arrangements with some of
those who had puichased town-lots, and to whom he was unable to ve a title, agreeing for himself and his associates to re-purchase·
e lots and refund the money which he had received on them. On-the 3d of February, 1823, Oliver addressed the following let-
ter to Robert, Piatt, which was .received.by him:

"indnnati, ebruary 3d, 1823. CfDEAR Sm :-I have been anxious to see you in relation to the

Port Lawrence business, and was on the.eve of setting off yesterday
for your house, but have concluded to write, requesting the favour of your attention to the matter. In consequence of the company's securing the Port Lawrence property,*they are liable to the purchasers for the money received for lots; and as some of my friends
in Detroit were disposed to bear pretty-hard on me for advising them "to:purchase, I authorized Colonel Hunt to rddeem the,certificates of sale from those who had purchased by my advice.- The pLayments made in this way were upwards of $400. M. Baum's
,company have refunded their proportion, biut my claim ($213 07, which is from the*10th of last Septdmb~r, 1822) against you is unsatisfied ; and as we are'at a loss to know'the particular- interest
of the mem'.ers of your company, I must ask the favour of your
stating the'present proprietord, and their. respective interests in the concern. Please say wlen it will be. convenient for you to arrange your proportion, as also to request Mr. Grandon to pay on his share or shares. Respectfully, your obedient servant,

"R. PrArT,Esq."

." WILL. OLIVER.

On the 6th of February, 1823, Baum addressed another letter to M . Bfown upon the subjedt of his p.etition, representing that the case wad a ruinous one to him' anrd his- associates, &c., &c.
On the 3d of June, 1823, Oliver exhibited an account against

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

343

Oliver et al. v. Piatt..

"Martin Baum and his associates," running from 1818 to June, 1823, and, bringing them in debt to Oliver in the sum of $1835 47.
On the 27th of August, 1S23, Baum mortgaged to Oliver tracts Nos; 3, 4, 8.6, and 87, to secure the.payment of tlie above sum of

$1835 47 with interest from the Ist of September, 1823. The payment was to be made on or before the 1st of January, 1824.
On the 31st of January, 1824, Baum addressed a letter to the proprietors of the Maumee and Sandusky Land Company, accompanied by ai account between himself and .the proprietors of Port Lawrence. The letter was as follows:

"Cincinnati, 31st January, 1824.

"1To the Proprietors of the Maumee and Sandusky Land Co.; "DrAn Sm :-Enclosed, I hand you a statement of the Port Law-
rence land speculation, by which you can see how that 'business

stands, to wit, a balance due me -by the company of upwards of $4755, and is daily increasing with interest. Suits have b&en commenced against me for the-restoration of the money which was
paid the company for lots, and the amount of improvements made thereon, as well as for damages. I was obliged to borrow .roney
to compromise and quiet those claims, for fear Of incurring heavy damages, great expenses, and much trouble, and probably total
loss oy the company's property by sales, or judgments and executions. The lands have consequently been mortgaged -for the money borrowed, and unless it is shortly refunded, the ands may Yet be sold under the mortgage; it is therefore necessary that the proprietors pay to me their respective quotas, to save their lands from sale. I am extremely anxious to close this business, and therefore propose that I will exonerate you from paying any. mote money, if you will sell and convey me your interest in.all those lands. But, lest you should think that I wish to make a speculation out of you, if you will exonerate me from paying any more, I will sell you my interest iii these lands, and will thank you to accept the latter proposition.

It is needless to go into an explanation, as the account will do it of

itself; and my proposition will satisfy you as to the -prospects of

gain. Please inform me soort what course you intend to pursue.

"Yours, respectfully,

MRTmn BAuM."

One of these letters appears to have been directed to Mr. Robert Piatt, and another to W. M. Worthington, Esq.
On the 23d of April, 1824, Baum'authorized and empowered Major William Oliver to -lease, let, and rent all- the lands, in and out-lots; houses, and other property which'he owned, or of which he had. the control, situate and being within the United States reservation on the Maumee river for the then.present season; and also to collect all* rentswhich might .he then due on all or any of the said property.

344

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

On the 28th of August, 1824, Baum addressed a letter to G. A. Worth, Esq., a part of which is as follows:

"1Cincinnati2,8th .August, 1824.

'DnnSm:-Your favour of the 10th April last came duly to

hand-contents noticed. The land speculation has truly been an

unfortunate business, and no one can be more tire, of it than I am;

for it's me who has to stand the brunt of the company-suits judg-

ments, executions; with all its attendant vexations. First, our

agents were crazy in making purchases At such high rates-then

the macness of Congress in reducing the price of -the public lands

-change of times-scarcity of money-the impossibility of nianag-

ing. that species of -property where so many are concerned; the

change of sentiments of persons in holding-real estate; in fact all

and -every thing has operated against%such speculations; and were

I relieved of that concern, an immense burden would be taken off

my shoulders, &c., &c."

-On the 21st of September, 1825, Baum gave to Oliver the follow-

ing powr

"nnna, 21st ept., 1825.

"I have and hereby authorize and empower Major William Oli-

ver to lease, let, and rent all the lands, in and out-lots, houses. and other property which I own, or of which I have the control, situate,

lying, and being within the, United States' reservation, on the Mau-

mee river, for the ensuing season; and also to collect all rents or

other moneys due me in and about the town of Maumee and Port

Lawrence.

MAnTm Bium."

On the 5th of October, 1825, Oliver commenced proceedings in - attachment in Michigan, by making the following affidavit:

"Martin Baum, agent for John H. Piatt,'(since deceased,) Robert

Piatt, G.-A. Worth, and William M. Worthington, to William Oliver, debtor, for the sum of two hundred and thirteen -.- , dollars,

being, the amount refunded to pairchasers of the lots in Port Lawrence, by request of said Baum, w l* interest from the 10th day of

September, 1822.

"Michigan, .onroe county, ss: , '"I,William Oliver, of lawful age, do solemnly swear that the

sum mentioned in the above account is justly due from the persons

therein named; that they do not reside within the territory of Michigan, and -that he has reason to fear, unless an attachment issues

upon the property of the persons aboVe named, his debt cannot be

recovered. .

Wmr. OLIVER.

"Swdm this 5th day of October, 1825, before me, "P.TR P. FPmy, Justice of the Peace."

On the '7th of October, 1825, an order was filed in the office of the clerk of Monroe county court, for an attachment against the'

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

46

Oliver et -al. v-Piatt.

rights and credits, moneys and efflects, goods and chattels,-lands and tenements of.the parties above named.' The writ was issued on the same day.
On the 15th of October, 1825, an attachmeit was laid upon the South-west quarter of section 2, townsliip 3.
North-west quarter of section 3, township 3. South-west quarter of section 3.
South-west qbarter of section 4. The three'irst of thesgwere included in the original purchase by Piatt and subsequent transfer. to Baum The fourth belonged .to some other transaction and is not involved in this case. The whole
four were appraised; collectively, at $1200." The suit went on, no one appearing for the defendants, intil Oc
tober, 1826, when it appearing that notice to defdndants in attach-
ment had been publistWd nine.months, judgment w's entered against them, a fierifacas issued, and, on-the 5th of April, 1828, the property was sold .to Charles Xoble for $24i 60 cents, who on the same day conveyed -itto Oliver.
Having traced out the-proceedings, under the attachment to their consummation, it is necessary to,go back to the year 1825.
On the 13th of October, 1825, Oliver-filed a bill in the Supreme.
Court of the territory of Michigan, sitting as a court of chancery, to forecJose the mortgage which had been given by Baum on the 27th of August, 18W3. Baum being a non-resident, a notice to him to appear was blished for nine weeks successively n a newspaper published atsyonroe.
On the 7th of December, 1827, the bill was.taken pro confesso, and on the 5th of September, 1828, the coturt decreed that the-property should be sold, which was accordingly done. Oliver became the purchaser, and received a deed from the register, who had been
directed to make the sale. To return again to the chronological order of dvents. Congress having made a donation of'land to the University 6f
Michigan; 4he trustees of-that institution resolved, on the 25th of June, 18.27, to accept of. No. 1 in lieu of a section, in the expecta-
tion that in the evenit that lot No. 2 should revert to the United States, then the same should be considered a part of the section to
which they were entitled finder the act, and requested the chairman to advertise the Treasury Department thereof.
On the 20th of July, 1827, Baum addressed a long letter-to the
commissioner of the General Land-office, giving a history of the Port Lawrence Company, and expressing a desire to re-possess Nos. .
and 2. He then says, "It has been hinted that the trustees of the Seminary Lands of 'the- Michigan Territ6r have had sufficient influence to delay the sale, with a view to get the privilege of locating these two tracts for that purpose. If this is the fad, I protest against
such an arrangement. They have- no claim to them whatever, but VOL. II-.L4

346

SUPREME COURT.

'Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

mine is a strong bne, and I am determined to pursue it in everypos-
sible way till I obtain justice."-
In August, 1827, Oliver went to )etroit to ascertain if the. tracts 1 and. 2 could' be obtained from the university, but nothing was
then done. On the 18th of October, 1827, Charles Noble wrote to Benjamin
H. Piatt, one of the heirs of John H. Piatt, who had died, and enclosed him a copy of the proceedings in the attachment at the suit
of Oliver. On the 18th of February, 1828, Piatt acknowledged the receipt
of this letter, and desired further information. On the 1st of April, 1828, Noble replied, and enclosed a copy of
the advertisement of the auditor for the sale of the three quarter-sections of land as before mentioned. The sale was to take place on
the 5th of April, 1828. On the 12th of August, 1828, Oliver opened a negotiation with
the University of Michigan, proposing to give other lands in ex-
change for Nos. 1 and 2, which was prosecuted without success for some time.
On the 1st of September, 1828, Qharles W. Whipple, the assistantregister of Michigan, executed to Oliver a deed for Nos. 3, 4, 86, (excepting sixty acres; which Baum had sold to Prentiss and Tromley in 1823,) and 87. " The deed recited the proceedings for a fore-
closure of the mortgage, and conveyed the property to Oliver, his heirs and assigns for ever.
On the 13th of January, 1830, Congress passed an act, entitled. CCAn act to authorize the exchange of certain lots of land between the University of Michigan and Martin Baum and others."
On the 16th of August, 1830, Oliver (called in the proceedings of the board the agent of Martin Baum and others) appeared before the trustees of the university on the subject of the exchangi of lands, which subject was discussed from time to time.
In December, 1830, Oliver (having previously received an assignment of the final certificates from Baum obtained patents for
the following:Lot No. 3.
Lot No. 4. North-west quarter ofsection 3. South-west quarter^ of section 3. South-east quarter of section 3.
South-west quarter of section 2.
Being the whole of the five quarter-sections originally purchased by the Piatt Company, except the north-west quarter of section -2.
On the 7th of February, 1831, an exchange took place:between
Oliver and the university; -the negotiation therefor having resulted in an agreement. Oliver ceded to the trustees---
Lot No. 3, except ten acres reseived.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

847

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

Lot No. 4, The north-west quarter of section 3. The south-west quarter of-section 3; and The south-west quarter of section 2. The university deeded to Oliver lots Nos. 1 and 2, and authorized the President of the United States to issue a patent or patents to the
said William Oliver. On the 4th of March, 1831, a patent was issued to Oliver for.
these lots Nos. 1 and 2. On the 16th of May, 1831, Oliver sold to Baum and Micajah T.
Williams each one undivided third part of lots Nos. 1, 2, 86, and 87, excepling sixty acres of No. 86, which had been sold by Baum to Prentiss and Tromley. Each of the two parties was to pay $1555. The necessary provisipn was made for laying out a town on the property where Port Lawrence was formerlylaid out, makingpartition, &c. The 8th article *vs as follows: "1The parties agree. to admit a f6urth person as a proprietor-a man of enterprise and characteron equal terms with themselves, on his establishing himself permanently at Port Lawrence, and devoting himself to the inprovement
of the place.' O the 19th of September, 1832, under the article just mentiox.:d,
Stephen B. Comstock was admitted to have ,an undivided fourth
part. On the 224 of October, -1833, Oliver re-purchased -from Baums'
heirs (for he bad died before this time) thp whole of Baum's interest under the contract of the"16th May, 1831.
On the 8th of May, 1834, Oliver and ,Villiams sold to Edward Bissel' one-fourth par of lots Nos. 1 and 2, for $7000..
On the 23d of May, 1834, Oliver sold to Williams an undivided moiety of 86 and 87.
On the 17th of October, 1834, Oliver sold to Pratt and Taylor'
one undivided sixteenth part of Nos. I and 2, for $4000. They wdre also to erect a warehouse, two dwelling-houses, and arrange for a line of steam-boats to stop ,a Toledo, as the town was now called. And'on the saffe day, he sold to Smith and Macy another undivided sixteenth, on the same terms.
On the 30th of June, 1835, Oliver sold a portion of the prope.rty to Lynde and Raymond, for $13,000; in September,, 1835, another portion to Lot Clark, for $1000, and in January, 1836, another portion to Philander Raymond, for $22,000.
On the 21st of April, 1836, Robert Piatt, the ap~ellee in the present case, filed his bill of complaint in the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Ohio, against Oliver and others. But before narrating the proteedings under this bill, if is proper to close the history of the transactions of the parties by stating that on the 5th of May, 1837, Oliver received a deed from the trustees of the University of Michigan for the property which he had'given to

348

SUPREME COURT.

OliVer et, al; v. Pi-att.

them in exchange as previously related. The property thus con-
veyed to Oliver consisted of tracts Nos. 3 and 4, the south-west quarter of sectipn No. 2, the north-west quarter of se.tion No. 3, .and the -south-west quarter of section No. 3. The consideration
was $5000, and'the sale was stated in the deed to be made "pursuant toa cohtract-entered into between the said trustees and the said William Oliver, on the twenty-fourth .and twenty-fifth days of October, .1834."
To return to the.bill, which was filed in 1836. Itmade Oliver
and Williams and a number of other persons, who were the representatives of the original parties, -respondents, most of'whom appeare . After the pleas, which were filed by the defendants,.were overruled,
an amended bill was filed.
These bills recite the formation of the Piatt and Baum.Companie's; their union in the Po-rt Lawrence Company. under the circumstances
already'related; the acceptance of the tiust by Baum; the assignmeht to him of the, certificates of purchase; the appointment of (Oliveras agent; his acceptance thereof; the instructions, bond, and power of attorney ; the laying out of the town; the sales of lots, ior which the respondents are called upon to account; the relinquishment of Nos. 1 and 2; the application of. the credits arising there-from to the completibn of the payments.due upon theother tracts; the understanding 6f. the parties that Ns. 1 and 2 sh6uld bd're-
purchased for the benefit of' all cQncerned; whenever it should be possible to do so; the application to Congress; the death of John H. Piatt,'in 1822 ; the formation, some short time thereafter, of a fraudulqnt combination and confederacy between Baum, as trustee, land Oliver and Williams, as-agents, for the purpose of cheating the
members of the Piatt Company.out of theki1 entire interest and claims; that in pursuance ofthis fraudulent combinatif Baum issued. to Oliver the c~rtificate of debt;' that th& complainant resided at.a short distance from Cincimnati; that about that time, and prior, and long
subsequently thereto, he was during some part of nearly every wee in Cincinnati iii company with iaid Baum and Oliver, or onebf them.; that/ they knew-the compljnant to be a man 6f properfy, well able and willing 'to pay his just debts; that neither Baum nor Oliver ever gave him the slightest iufor.ation that any such certificate had. been given; that he had received a letter from. Oliver, dated on the
3d of Februaiy,.1823; that the mortgage given by Baum to Oliver was without authority, and franduilent and void; that the assignment *of the certificates for the-quarter-section§ were also fraudulent and
void; the circumstances under which the exchange of lands took place with the University of Michigan; ihe circumstances also un-
der. which Williams became interested; 'that the proceedings in Micbigah-were coram njudice aif&void.; that if th'eyvested a title in Oliv.er, it was to constitute hiri a trustee fqr the complainant with,
others, and that Oliver aid Williims'were acting with a sole view

JANUA7RY TERM, 1845.

.349

Oliver et al. v.Piatt

to benefit themselves at the expense of the complainant and the other co-proprietors.
The bill then enumerates the orignal parties who were dead,
states their representatives and the assignees of the living, and prays that hey may all be made defendants.
It-then prays for an injunction, a receiver, &c., &c. Most of the parties answered, but a notice of- Oliver's and Williams's will be sufficient. Oliver's answer admitted the formation of. the Baum Company, of the Port Lawrence Company, but denied that after the'sales any agreenent was made to 'unite the interests in the several tracts; the
appointment of Baum as the trustee of the Port Lawrenpe Company, but denied that the object of the trust-was fully stated in the bill ; illged that Daum was authorized to sdll and dispose of any of the
property on speculation, or f6r payment of claims against the company, &c.; that Baum had also' a'right to dispose of the quarter-
sections, to pay the debts of the Piatt Company; admitted the .instructions, except some of the signatures; the laying out of th6 town; the powe.j of attorney from Baum; the letter from Baum fixing the appointment for one year, and the compensatiorn therefor; the sale of lats in the town-; alleged that -ie surrendered up- the age icy to Baum at the time of his appointment' as cashier of the Miami Expbrting Company, and that he then closed up his accounts;
that his subsequent acts as temporary agent Were only.to-accommodate Baum; that hd and Baum had erected a warehouse on Qne of the lots which he 'had purchased at thd sale, 'which circumstance drew him often to the town; that he had transferred one-half of his interest in the Baum Company to Steele and Lytle, in 18,18, and the iemaining half to Embree grid Williams in 181-9; admitted the relinquisbment; denied the intention to re-purchase; that Baum
authorized to negotiate with the. uniiersity, but that he did so in his own-right and upon his owu account; alleged that the certificate of debt and mbrtgage were given upon bona fide consideriatikns; that the members of the Piatt Company, and especially the complainant, were repeatedly urged to satisfy the claims and-release the lands; that he, the respondent, bid, the full value for the lands, and
more than they would have been sold for to others for -cash; that
the assignment of the certificates was in good faith; explained the
reasons which led to an exchange of land with the. university; that he purchased back from the university the lands which he haf con-
veyed-to it, long after all agency for the-companies orfor Baum was ended.and settled up; denied all fraud and combination; admitted that he had united Baum andoWilliamg in the subsequent attempt to build up a town, and relied fipon the lapse bf tm6, the defaults, laches, and acquiescence of the complainant and the "statutes of
limitation, in bar of the claim set up in the bill: The respondent, moreover,. admitted or explained a numtber of papers respecting
2G

350

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

whinh he had, been interrogated, and then prayed that his answer
might be considered as a cross-bill. The answer Qf Williams admitted the formation of the Baum
Company, the subsequent formation of the Port Lawrence Company; averred that in the spring of 1819, Embree, the partner of the respondent, whilst the respondent was. absent in Illinois, purchased
from Oliver an interest of one-thirteenth in the Baum Company; admitted the relinquishment to the United States of Nos. 1 and 2, which was made by the respondent himself; that the proceeds of the large number of tracts standing in the name' of Baum, and thus
relinquished, were ascertained in gross, and a credit entered to that amount on the lands retained; that the proceeds of tracts Nos. 1 and 2, were $4817 551, and the amount du&to the United States, on tracts 3, 4, 86, 87, was $1372 36,"and upon the five quartersections $1248; averred that he did n6t know what became of the balance of $474 60, except thet John H. Piatt and Baum arrafiged it to their mutual satisfaction; denied that there was any agreement, understanding, or intention, amongst the members'of the Port Lawreirce Company, to re-purchase tracts 1 and '2; averred that after
the relinquishment the members of the Port Lawrence Company abandoned Baum, 'and left him to settle the liabilities of the company as he could; denied. all knowledge .or belief that the com-
plainant or Baum attended the public sales in 1827 with the intention of re-purchasing said tracts for, the -benefit of the company, but on the contrary intended to purchase them on account of other persons; denied all knowledge or belief that Oliver was authorized by Baum to open a negotiation with the trustees of the Michigan University; averred that in May, 1831, Oliver offered to sell to the respbndent one-fourth of tracts 1 and 2, 86 and 87, except sixty acres of 86, for a specified sum, and at the same time- offered, another fourth each to 'Martin Baum and Jacob Bumet, which offer the respondent accepted, taking one-third instead of one-fouith, as Burnet declined becoming interested ; and in 1832, the respondent purchased an additional sixth from Oliver, which purchases 'together gave him an interest of one-half, for which" he received a deed in
ee-simple from Oliver and 'wife averrbd that at-the time of paying the purchase money and receiving the deeds, he had no notice or knowledge of any rigt, title, claim, demand, or interest, of the complainant, or the Port Lawrence Company, or any of the members thereof, nor had he any notice, knowledge, information, suspi-
cion, or belief, of any fraud,.or breach of trust, or other transactions. matters'or things, affecting the titles of said lands, but maintained that he purchased the same bona fide, in good faith, and for a full and fair consideration actually paid.
,To all these answers a general replication was filed. In December, 1840, thebill was taken ls conferred by all the de-.
fendants who had failed to plead, demur, or answer, and the cause

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

851

Oliver -e aL v. Piaft.

came on for hearing upon the bills; answers, replications, testimony and exhibits, when the court passed the following decree:
"1The court do here find that the-law and equity of the case ate
with the complainant; but because the court here are not fully advised as to the exact nature and extent' of the relief to which the
complainant is entitled, so as to enable them to render up a final decree in the premises, it is therefore adjudged, ordered, and decreed, that this cause be, and the same is hereby, referred to Aaron F. Perry, as special master commissioner, *'ho is hereby instructed
to make out, and report to us at our- next term, an amount of the sales made in Whol or in part of tracts one, two, three, four, eighty-" six, eighty-seven, and the five quarter-sections, designatingthe date and amount of sales in .eachtract, title made, moneys received and
due, and also an accouiit of all moneys expended, either in thepurchase or 'improvement of each tract, by the d6fendants Williams and
Oliver, or either of them, including compensation for the agency exercised in the general management of the property, and such other. matters of fact and calculations a either pirty may deem necessary, in order to a just and equitable decree in the premises ; and for that purpose he is hereby invested with power to demand the production of any books, papers, and accounts in*possession of either of the
parties, to examine them, if necessary under oath, touching any particular matter or thing connected with the matters in contest, to ex-_ amine and take the* eposition'of witnesses, to withdraw any exhibit or paper now ,on file with the clerk, giving a receipt therefor, and perform eery act necessary to a proper adjustment of the accounts and transactions -of the parties. He is hereby required to deliver to each party demanding *the. same, a copy.Qf his. report twenty days. previous to the next term of this court, until which time this
cause is continued." In addition to the points upon which the master was flirected in
the decree to report, the solicitor for *thdcomplainant'stated twentyfive others, and the respondent fourteen, as matters :of.fact and cal-culation which they respectively deemed necessary.
On the 3d of July; 1841, the master presented a very Yviuminous
report, occupying nearly five hundrped pages of the printed record. To this report the complainant filed twenty-one exceptions, LA'd the
defendants ten. ' They related chiefly to matters of detail and ac-
count, which it would.be difficult to understand unless the whole
report were here inserted. In July, 1842,other parties were madeifi placeof those who had
died;' and John Rowan, a citizen of Kentucky,. filed his answer
voluntarily, claiming an interest of sixthirteenths in the Baum Company.
Af the same term the court referred the ease to Edward D. Mans-
field, master, to report the deduction of title as. claimed by each of
the parties.

852L

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver e,& al. v. Piatt

On the 22d of July, 1842, the master,. in conformity with the
above reference, reportedthe deduction and then condition of the
several titles.
At the safte term, additional parties were made, to represent the
dead, and-the case was again referred to Mansfield, with the follow-' ing instructions; viz.: " To state separate accounts of the compensation ivhich, upder all the circumstances, ought to be made to the said William Oliver and to the said Micajah T. Williams for their services; -and also an acdount Tor expenses in the procurement, management, and improvement, in the value of the trust property, consisting of-tracts 1, 2, 86, 87, and the ten acres in No. 3; afid that the said master also restate separate accounts touching the moneys or other proceeds arising to said Oliver and Williams, from sales made prior to the filing of the bill, of any parts of said trust property-; and also of the account of said Oliver against the Port Lawrence or Piatt Compahy, for advances not heretofore reim-
bursed.. 'Inestimating services, exypenses, &c:, the master is to have refer-
ence -tothe advantage derived from said expenses and services,'&c,; as well to tracts Nos. 3 and 4, and the half-section No. 3, and southwest quarter-section No.2, township 3, as to the tracts before named. And that in performing this order, the master, besides having reference to the papers, depositions, &c., now on file, may take further testimony,. or further examine the parties if be deems it necessary.
On the 27th of July, 1842, the master filddla report, entering minutely into the several matters of account, to which four of the
defendants took four exceptions. On the 29th of July, fresh parties were made in the place of some
Xmore who had died, aiid the master made two.additional reports, to' which Oliver and Williams took twelve exceptions.
On the 30th of July, the court pronounced the following final
decree "1lst. That Philip Grandin -and Hannah C. Grandin his wife,
Mary P. Ewing, Egbert T. Smith 2nd Sarah .. Smith his wife, Nathaniiel G. Pendleton, William J. Van Horn and Margaret Van Horn- his wife, John Spencer and Susan Spencer his wife, Samuel Perry,1 as administrator of Martin Baum, deceased, Jacob Burnet, tbe administrator of William '. Schen&, deceased, William J. Van Horn, as administrator of William Barr, deceased, having been duly served with process requiring them to appear and answer the complainant's bills, and they'not having. app eared, plead, demurred to, or answered the same, as required by the rules of this court,. the said bills, and the matters therein contained, are hereby, as against them respectively, declgred to be taken as confessed.
"2d.. That the rights of the defendants, Isaac'D.unn, the unknown heirs of William Steele, deceased, Alexander Findley and Ann Ellen Findley his wife,'Woodhull S. Schenck, Andrew Mack, Israel T.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

853

Oliver*et aL v. Piatt.

Canby, and Gorham A.- Worth, who are not inhabitants of the state of Ohio, or found within the district of Ohio and jurisdiction of this honourable court, if any they or -either of them have, or hath, in and to the lands and premises in question, be, and the same are hereby, reserved to them respectively, in as full and ample a manner as if this decree had never been rendered.
"13d. That Eleanor Baum, Egbert T. Schenck, Elizabeth Schenck, James F. Schenck, jun., Susan Louisa Pepdleton, Martha Pendleton, George Hunt Pendleton, Elliott Hunt Pendleton, Ann Pierce Pendleton, Nathaniel Pendleton, Mary Barr, William W. Barr, and

David Barr, the infants, defendants, are hereby respectively allowed six months after ataining majority, to show cause, if any he, she, or they, hath or have -againstthis decree.
"4th. ,Andthe court further'decree, that all bonafide sales, inte-

rests, and undivided interests, in and to lots in the town of Toledo, in the ten. acres of trect number three; and in the lots 86 and 87, made by the said Oliver and Wiliams, before the filing of the origi-

nal bill in this case; together with the sixty acies sold by MartinBaum to Tromley and Prentiss in tract 86, be, and the same are hereby, ratified and confirmed; and as to any of said sales not -yet

perfected by conyeyances, and as to which the outstanding claims upon the purchasers have been reported on, it is decreed that the same inure to the said Oliver and Williams, and they are -empowered to receive the amounts due thereon to their own use, and .to convey the land to the purchasers: And all donations, appropriations, and dedications of any parts of said several tracts of land for any public use, heretofore made, be, and the same are hereby, confirmed to the' original purpose of the *donation, appropriation, or dedication. And inasmuch as Benjafiain S..Brown, to whom, by the resolution of the proprietors, on the 17th September, 1837, the lots Nos. 109, 110, 111, were to be co'nveyed for the purpose of the appropriation of those lots, has departed this life, it is ordered, with the assent of the parties to this suit, in interest, that Richard Mott be, and he is hereby, appointed trustee, instead of said Brown, to carry out said appropriation. And the partition heretofore made. between the -said.Oliver and Williams, and their assignees of interests, be, and the same is hereby, ratified -and confirmed, to the respective, parties thereto,. according to the, original intent of the same; and it is further decreed, that the lease iaade by the said Williams to Garret D. Palmer, on the 24th Noveinber, 1840, be, and the same is hereby, confirmed; and the rents accruing and to accrue on said lease, since the 1st day of July, 1842, inure to the benefit of the parties in'iiiterest, as.settled by this decree.
-"5th. That'the said'Oliyer and Williams hold the legal, title to

the following tracts of land mentioned in the pleadings, not other-

'wise disposed of in this decree, that is to say: tracts 1 and 2, 86,

87, and ten acres of tract 3, in trust, for -thems6lves and the other

VOL. Mi.--4

2 G2

854

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

-members of the -Port Lawrence Company, so called, and those now holding and representing their interests, as tenants in common, in the proportions affixed to their names, that is to say, dividing the

whole into 2832 parts, then the said trust is-.

For Alexander H. Ewing . .

989 6-10 parts.

John Rowan

-

-

- 496 6-10

Robert Piatt . . . . . 219 5-10

John G. Worthington

-

219 5-10

William Oliver

-

-

- 165 5-10

Micajah T. Williams

-

-

- 82 8-10

the heirs of William M. Worthington 219 5-10

,the heirs of John H. Piatt - - - 439 parts. For the

said heirs of J. H:Piatt, being Benjamifi M. Piatt, Abraham S. Piatt, Hannah C. Grandin wife ofPhilip Grandin, each one-fourth part of

the said 439 parts, and for the heirs of Frances Dunn the other fourth, viz.: John P. Dunn, Jacob P. Dunn, George Dunn, Strange S. Dunn,

Hannah M. Tousey wife of George Touset, Sarah Jane Layton wife

of William Layton, each one-seventh of said fourth; and Francis

E. Smith, and Adam C. Smith, each one-fourteenth of said fourth.'"6th. And the court do further drder, adjudge, and decree, that
the iaid Oliver and-Williams do, within five -months from the date

of this decree, by deeds, with special covenants, to be prepared by each of said parties for their respective interests, convey to each-of said parties, in fee-simple, the undivided proportion of said trustestate affixed to his or her name as aforesaid, together .with'the un-

divided interests in the same proportions in the wha'ves, ferries, &c., heretofore reserved for the use of the said Oliver and Williams in

their former conveyances; and also the same proportions of all public edifices, materials, andadvantages:heretofore reserved to the

said Oliver and Williams, saving to said Oliver and Williams the hotel materials; and also, in the same proportions, the interests

remaining in the. said Oliver and Williams in and to the following

common and other property, that is to say: lots numbered 109, 110, 111, 119, 120, 121, 162,.and 163, in the town of Toledo, and

any others in which there is any such interest in said Oliver and Williams, they, the said Oliver and Williams, retaining in them-

selves only the proportions pertaining to them and .ascertained as aforesaid. And it is further decreed,- that the said Oliver and Williams permit the said parties, respectively, to enter into the posses-

sion, and enjoymient of their said portion of said estate as tenants in common. And it is further ordered and decreed; that the said Oliver and Williams do, within the said sixty days, transfer to the said parties respectively, .without recourse, in the same proportions, the

demand on the books of said Oliver and Williams agaifist Andrew Palmer, as agent, now amounting, according; to the report of the-

master, to the sum of $5568 79; and the like demand against Ed-ward Bissell, now ambunting, according fo said report, to the sum

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

855

Oliver et al. v..Pia.t t.

of $2427 35; and also the like demand against Stephen B Com-

stock, now amounting, according to said report, to the sum of

$976 62; the said three-sums being reported as due from the said

Palmer, Bissell, and Comstock, of moneys which came to their

hands as agents connected with thi" sale of lots and improvements

in said town of Toledo.

C' 7th. It is further ordered and decreed, in respect of the moneys

heretofore received by the said Oliver and Williams, or either of

them, from sales, rents, or otherwise, arising from either of said

tracts of land, which is not allowed to the said Oliver and Williams

for compensation for their *services, or for expenses on account of

said trust prop6rty, that there remains in their hands, as said trus-

tees, the sum of $2237 35 ; which said sum is held by them in trust

for themselves and the other parties, in-the same proportions herein-

before found and decreed as to the said trust lands; and apportion-

ing the- same according to said rule, the parties will be entitle.d to

the followin sums:

To said Aexander H. Ewing -.

$781 76

John Rowan

-

.

392 35

Robert Piatt -

... .

173 40

John G. Worthington - - - - - 173 40

William Oliver

-

-

-

130 78

Micajah T. Williams -

-

-

-

65 39

Alice Worthington, executrix and trustee of

Win. M. W.

-

-

-

173 40

heirs of John H. Piatt - -

346 80

"And of the share of the said-John H. Piatt, the following are

the portions of his heirs, that is to say,

To Benjamin M. Piatt - -

$86 70

Abraham S. Piatt-

..

86 70

Hannah C. Grandin - -

-

-

86- 70

John P. Dunn

-

-

-

12 33

Jacob P. Dunn

-

-

-

12 33

George Dunn -

12 33

Strange S. Dunin "

-

-

-

-

12 33

Hannah M. Tousey - - -

12 33

Sarah Jane Layton

- "-

-

-

12 33

Francis E. Smith

-

-

-

Adam C. Smith - - . - -

616 6 16

"And the court order and decree, that the said Oliver and Wil-

liams pay, within five months from the date of this decree, the saia

several sums, except those opposite their own names, with interest;

and in default thereof, that execution issue therefor as at law.

"11 8th. That the said William Oliver, having held the legal title to

the south-east quarter of section 3, township 3, in the said reserve,'

as trustee, in trust for the complainant and the other members of the

Piatt Company, on the 25th day of July, 1835, at the time he sold

856

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

-

and conveyed the same to William J].Daniels, for the sum of $1000,

whereby the said complainant and the other members of said com-

pany, their heirs or legal representatives, became, and are now en-

titled to their proportionate shares of the avails of said sale, with the

interest which has accrued thereon, amounting, in the aggregate, to

$1420 ; that is to say, eachare entitled to the proportionate shares

of said avails annexed -to their names respectively, viz. :

The complainant, one-eighth part, - - $177 50

Alexander H. Ewing, three-eighth parts, - - 532 50

John G. Worthington, one-eighth part, - 177 50

Alice Worthington, as executrix- and trustee of

Win. M. Worthington, dec'd, one-eighth part, 177 50

The heirs of J. H. Piatt, deceased, two-eighth parts, 355 00

That is to say, of the share of the said John

H. Piatt, his heirs are entitled as follows, to wit:

Berijamin M. Piatt the sum of - - - 88 75

Abraham S. Piatt ..

. 88 75

Hannah C. Grandin . . . . . 88 75

John P. Dunn -

..

"12 68

Jacob P. Dunn - - - - - - 12 68

George Dunn -

-

-

12 68

Strange S. Dunn . ..

. . 12 68

Hannah M. Tousey - -

12 68

Sarah Jane Layton' -

12 68

Francis E. Smith - -

6 34

Adam C. Smith - -

'1, 6 34

"It is therefore further decreed, that the said defendant, Oliver,

do, within five months from this date, pay to the complainant and

the heirs and legal representaives of the original proprietors of the

Piatt Company the above sums, annexed to their respective names,

with" interest from this date, or that executions issue therefor as on

judgments at law.

"9th. That Mary P.-Ewing, in her own 1ight, and the said Alex-

ander H;Ewing, in right of his wife, the said Mary P. Ewing, being

invested .with the legal title to the north-west quarter of section 2,

township, 3, in said reserve, as trustee, in trust for the complainant

and those now holding and-,representing their interest in the Piatt

Company; that is to say, in trust for the persons, and in the pro-

poitions annexed to their respective names, as follows:

The complainant, one-eighth part, - - - 20 acres.

Alexander H. Ewing, three-eighth parts, - - 60

John G. Worthington, one-eighth part,

- - 20

Alice Worthington, executrix and trustee of Win.'

- M. Worthington, deceased, one-eighth part, - 20

Heirs of John H. Piatt, deceased, two-eighth parts, 40

That is to say,

Benjamin M. Piatt- - -

10

YANUARY TER.M, 1846.

357

Oliver et al. %-Piatt.

Abraham S. Piatt - - - - - - 10 acres.

Haiinah C. Grandin, wife of Philip Grandin,

10

John P. Dunn Jacob P. Duna -

-

--

-

-

- 1.

-

-

-

-

-

l3

George Dunn .. . . . . . . 1,4

Strahge S. Dunn - - - - - - .1

Hannah M. Toupey, wife of George Tousey, - - 1

Sarah Jane Layton, wife of Win. Layton,. -

13

Francis E. Smith - - - - - - 4

Adam C. Smith . - - - - -

; It is .therefore further dedreed, that the said Alexander H. Ewing

ana Mary P. .Ewing his wife, do, within sixty days from the date

of this decree, by deed, with special covenants, (to be prepared by

each of said paries for their respective interests,) convey to the said

parties in fee-simple, except the said John G. Worthington, to whbm

a conveyance of his proportion has already be6n made, the undivided

proportion of said trust-;estate affixed to his or her name as afore-

said; 'they; the said Alexander H. Ewing and Mary P. Ewing, re-

taining in themselves the proportion pertaining to them as ascertained

as aforesaid. And it is further decreed, that the said Alexander IT.

Ewing imd Mary P. Ewing permit the said parties respectively to

enter into the possession and enjoyment of their said portions of said estate as tenants in common.

"10th. As to the account on file and reported uapon by the mas-

ter, for advances-made by Martin Baum for the-Port Lawrence Com-

pany, the court find that the amount of the same, with interest to

this time, is $2063 96, which is zhargeable upon the said trilst.

estate; and the court further find that the said claim is now held by.

the defendant, Alexander H. Ewing, and should be apportioned to.

the several interests in said property, except the proportion of the

said Oliver and Williams, which has been satisfied. The pfopor-

tions of said demand remaining to be satisfied are as follows, to wit:

John Rowan to pay . ..

. $360 08

John H. Piatt's heirs to pay -

320 38

Robert Riatt to pay - -

- 160 19

J. G. Worthington to pay - -

160 19

Wm. M. Worthington's heirs to pay - .- 160 19

Alexander H. Ewing's share

- .-

721 29

William Oliver's share

-

- 120 36

M. T. Williams's share - - - -

60 18

"And thereupon the court further decree, that the said John

Rowan, the heirs of John H. Piatt, according to their portions as-:

certained in this decree, Robert Piatt, John G. Worthington, the

he.irs of Win. M. Worthington, shall each pay the proportion of said

account affixed to their names, with dccruing interest, within 4ive

months, or in default, that execution issue'against each for his or her

proportion.

858

SUPREML COURT.

Oliver ct al. v. Piatt.

"11th. As to the claim set up by Robert C. Schenck's answer to lot No. 1 in the original plat of Port Lawrence, which was sold to William C. Schenck, and for which Martin Baum, trustee, in his lifetime issued a certificate to Egloert T. Smith, who afterwards assigned the same to the said Robert C. Schenck, who now holds it in his own right, the bill is dismissed, without any prejudice to his, the said Schenck's right, and he has leave to withdraw from the files of this court his answer and other papers relating thereto.
"12th. As to the costs in this suit, it is ordered, that the costs of this suit be paid by the defendants, according to their several interests ascertained by this decree, within four months, into the hands of the clerk, one docket-fee only to be taxed, and that to the complainant; and in default of payment, execution may issue as by law. And the court allow to Master Perry the sum of $618 for his services and expenses, to be taxed in the costs- -of which there has been paid to -him$50 by the defendant, A. H. Ewing; and $50 by the said Robert Piatt; the balance of the allowance only to be paid
sgid Perry, and-the said Ewing and Piatt to be credited with their said advances. And the court allow to the Master Mansfield, to be taxed, the sum of $75, for his services inthis' case."'
From this decree an.appeal brought the case up to this court.
&anbem'ry and Ewing, for the -appellants. Piirtleand Scott, for the appellees.
The printed briefs in the case occupied nearly one hundred pages. It is difficult to give a condensed statement of the arguments of the counsel, because many of them were founded upon matters of evidence, which ,iwtas impossible to embrace in the foregoing statement of the case.
Stanberry divided his argument into the following heads, under each of which he referred to'varidus portions of the record.
1. The firmation of Port Lawrence Company. After narrating its history, he-said:, The Port Lawrence Company was strictly an association of com-
panies, rather than of individuals; each of its constituent companies continued its separate existence, and held separate estate; theunion only extended to the property held in common; the eleven members of the new company entered into no new arrangement, changing the quantum of interest of the--members of its constituent compaiiies. All that was settled, in that respect, was, that each company should contribute one half. to capital and expenses, and own one half of the stock, leaving each company to adjust the interests of, its respective members in its moiety of the concern,
In every sense, this was apartnership, not simply a tenantey in common. The capital was real estate, not acquired.,for division among the owners, lut'for speculation. It was to be laid Qut in A

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

359

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

city, requiring further advances from the partners in the way of expenditures, and to be sold, in Darcels, for the common profit.
The Baum Company, in jtieir articles, call themselves a part-
nership. See letter of instructions of Piatt Company, in which they say
their object is-to buy for sale and profit, for their common benefit. The modern authorities are full to the point, that, in the estimation
of a court of equity, real.estate, held as partnership assets, is consi-
dered as personal estate. Mr. Justice Story, in his Commentaries on Equity, vol. 1, page
624, in treating of partnership property, says: "A court of equity
considers the real estate, to all intents and purposes, as personal estate, and subjects it to all the equitable rights and liens of the partners which would apply to it if it were personal estate. And
this doctrine not only prevails as between the partners themselves and their creditors, but (as it should seem) between the representatives of the partners also. Sbr that real- estate, held in fee for the partnership, and as a.part of its funds, will, upon the death of one partner, belong, in equity, not to the heirs at law, but to the per-
sonal representatives," &c. Mrr:Stanberry then -quoted Collyer on Partnership, 76, and 7 Con.
Eng. Ch. R. 215; 5 Con. Eng. Rep. 383; 8 Ohio Rep. 364. 2. Operations and state of the Port Lawrence Company, from its
organization until September, 1821. The history of the company was traced from year to year. 3. General allegation of fraud, and the transactions subsequent to
relinquishment. We have, first, the general allegation of fraudulent cofhbination
between Baum, Oliver, and Williams, to cheat the Piatt Company out of their five quarter-sections, and their moiety of the Port Lawrence Company lands. The rules of pleading in equity do not admit this eneral allegation of fraud, but require the facts which consti'tute it to be averred, that issue may be taken on them. In answer to such general allegation, a general denial is sufficient. White v. Hall, 12 Ves. 323.
The time of this combination is laid in the early part of the yetr 1822. The allegation is first made in 1836, years after the death of Baum. It therefore affects the dead as well as the living. It is, besides, an allegation of breach of trust, as well as fraud. The sort of proof which is required to make out such a case, is well stated by
Mr. Justice Story, in Prevbst v. Gratz, 6 Wheat. 498: "1Fraud or breach of trust ought not lightly to be imputed to the
living, for the legal presumption is the other way; and as to the dead, who are not here 'to answer for themselves, it would be the
height of injustice and cruelty to disturb their ashes, and violate the sanctity of the grave, unless the evidence of fraud be clear beyond
a reasonable doubt."

860

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Pitt

Baum lived many years after this transaction, and during his life if was not questioned. le is not here to answer for himself, and those who reliresent, him, and have had the custody of his papers, make common cause with the complainant. (See A. H. Ewing's answer, p. 81, and his deposition, p. 361.)
"Itis very proper in such a case, where fraud and breach of trust are imputed to the dead, and'att'mpted to be raised upon presumptions from tonduct, to look to the character of the deceased.
The whole case shows that Baum was esteemed by all parties a man of the strictest honour, and had the fullest confidence of his associates.
4. Oliver's agency. The bill alleges that) on the 14th August, 1817, -Baum, with the advice and consent of the company, appointed Ofiirer agent to lay out the town, .(with Schenck's assistance,) and to attend to the concerns of the company.; which agency Oliver accepted, and has continued such agent ever since. Oliver answers that he was appointed agent August 14, 1817; that his appointment was for one year; that abouit the month of May, 1818, he was elected cashier of the Miami Exporting Company, a 'bank at Cincinnati; that he enterega upon his duties of cashier about the 1st of July, 1818, and considering these duties incompatible with his Port Lawrence agency, before entering on his duties as cashier, he resigned-his agency to Baum, settled his accounts, and delivered to Baum all moneys and papers relating thereto. On the 14th August, 1818, Oliver sold half his interest in Port Lawrence Compariy to Steele and Lytle, they assuming alliabilities; and inMarch, 1.819, he sold, in like manner, the other half to Em-
briee and -Williams.
The allegation of the continuing agency of Oliver is met by the direct denial of the answers, which allege that, as originally constituted, it was to continue but one year, and actually terminated in less than a year, on the 4th July; 1818.
Next," and what is much more satisfactory, we ha- the express limitation of the agency to the perio? of one year, L'ld he salary of $1200, in the letter of Baum to Oliver, of August 14 1817; the testimony of Gano, that Oliver's whole time from July, 1818, for the succeeding four years, was directed to his.duties as cashier; the allowance of the salary down to July 4, 1818, and no longer; the total absence of evidence of any renewal of the appointment of agent, or the paymeit of any salary after that date, and the special power given by Baum to Oliver, on the 1st September, 1825, to collect money due to Baum on the Port Lawrence concern.
It well appears, therefore, that Oliver's relation to Port Lawrence Company, as agent, ceased on the 4th July, 1818, and that his relationuas partner ceased in the month 'of March, 1819, when he sold his remaining "interest, without recourse, to Embree and Williams.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

61

Oliver'et al. v. Piatt

From that time his only relation to this company was as a purchaser

of lots in Port Lawrence. But if his relation as agent continued, there was nothing m that to

prevent his purchase of the lands of the company, in payment or col. lection of a bondaftde debt.

5. The certificate of $213 07.

The bill alleoe§ that this was a false certificate, purporting to have been given to 6 liver by Baum, for moneys refunded by Oliver to purchasers of lots in Port Lawrence; that the transactions in respect

to it were secret; that instead of making personal demand of the

plaintiff and other members of the Piatt Company, Oliver fraudu-

lently attached three of their five quarter-sections, and purchased .them under that proceeding.

(Mr. Stanberry here referred-to, many parts of the record, to show that the debt was just; that personal demands were made for pay-

ment from the plaintiff and other members of the Piatt Company;

and that the transaction was not a secret one.) Three objections are taken in the bill to th6 proceedings in attach-

ment under this certifibate of debt. 1st" That Michigan had. no jurisdiction.

2d. -That certificate was not a valid claim.

3d. That the proce'edings were fraudulent. The court below decided against their validity, upon another

ground, viz.,. that the "estate of the parties to the attachment could

not be reached by that process. 'See thi Michigan statute as to attachments, -which embraces all

"rights, credits,.moneys and effects, goods and chattels, lands and

tenements." Laws of Michigan Territory, chap. 23, No. 189,

Cong. Law Lib. 399.

Baum was a party, and he held the final certificate showing full

payment. The debt was still- due, primarily*from him,'as the acting partner, and was raised by advances at his request, in discharge

of his personal covenants. The land attached was a fund he held

as indemnity against.those advances.' He certainly had aii estate, a

right. Subordinate to his estate or lien: on these lands, the mem-

bers of Piatt Company had a right in these lands; they were entitled

-to them after the debts were discharged; their interest was simply

an equity of redemption.

It seems to us, a startling doctrine, upon a bill filed in another

jurisdiction, collaterally, to hold these attachment proceedings a

nullity. The court of Michigan had exclusive jurisdiction of the territory in which these lands were situate. That Was 'decided in

the Circuit Court. The court in Michigan specially ordered a sale

-^ofthxese lands, (210,) and now it is claimed that the whole proceed-

in-'is void, not simply voidable on writ of error, but*absolutely

nul; and this, too, bj a court of another jurisdiction, in a collate-

-ral proceeding.

VOL.

2 H1-46

362

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

The proceedina- differs wholly from the ordinary sale of lands on execution, in which the judgment of the court is one thing, and the proceeding by execution quite another, and carried on by the
party. This is a proceedingoin em, in which the court acts upon the
thing, and takes, specially, jurisdiction of it. We think the authorities cited in the Circuit Court donot sustain
this doctrine. Cases relied on in Circuit Court. Piatt et al. v. Law et aL.,
9 Cranch, 496. The questions of the validity of the sale of an equity of redemp-
tion in lands, under the attachment law of Maryland, was raised; and it appeared that question had not been decided by the Supreme Court of Maryland. The statute of Maryland, of 1715, chap. 40, makes "goods and chattels, credits, -&c.," liable to attachment. The statute of 1795, chap. 56, in "lands, tenements, goods, chattels, and credits."
This court, in the above case, held that the decree of the court of Maryland, if it did not fix the law as to the attachment, at least, fixed the fate of the lands attached beyond reversal, p. 496.
One judge doubted if the attachment act, making the equitable interest tangible, did also make it subject to execution. The court was of opinion that the condemnation gave the court power to issue final process of execution, p. 496.
Haven v. Law, 2 N. Hampshire Rep. 13, was a case of pledge of personalty; and it was held that the interest of the owner could not be seized in attachment. The court say such an interest is made liable in some of the states by statute.
It appears from the case of Kitteridge v. Bellows, 7 N. Hamp. Rep. 899, that an equity of redemption in lands is subject to attachment, even in that state.
Badlam v. Tucker, 1 Pick. Rep. 399. The court say it is only by statute that equities or rights to redeem are subject to attachment by ordinary process, and no 'statute, in Massachusetts, has authorized the attachment of such interest in personal property.
See revised statutes of Massachusetts of 1836, chap. 90, sect. 23 and,24: The attachment in that state is ordinary mesne process, and execution upon it by statute provision only goes against such interests as are subject to execution at law.
Jackson ex dem. Ireland v. Hull, 20 John's Rep. 81, cited by Circuit Court to show that an equity of redemption cannot be attached.
It -was a sale under judgment and execution of the equity of redemption of mortgagor. Held that the equity of redemption did pass by the sale; and it appearing the sale did not satisfy the judg-ment, (which was on the mortgage debt,) it was held that the pur-

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

363

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

chaser took, subject to the remainder due on the'judgment. See Waters et al. v.Stewart, 1 Caines's Cases in Error, 67, to same point.
6. The mortgage. On the 27th August, 1823, Baum, for the consideration of $1835 47, conveys to Oliver, in fee, tracts 3, 4, 86 and 87, except sixty acres off upper end of 86, sold to Tromley and Prentiss.
Baum covenants that he is the true owner, and bath full- power to sell, and with general warranty. The condition is, that upon payment Qf $1835 47, "the sum due Oliver from Baum. and his associates, in the purchase of said property," on or before the 1st January, 1824, with interest from September 1, 1823, the mortgage
to be void. The bill alleges thaE this mortgage was a fraudulent, secret con-
trivance to cheat the owners out of their property. That the pretence that there was $1835 47 due to Oliver was
false. That Baum had no.power to sell, mortgage, or in any manner to
convey any lands, except I and 2. (Mr. Stanberrj here examined the record and contended that
there was nothing fraudulent or secret about it; that the debt was justly due, and that Baum had full power to- sell or mortgage.
With regard to Baum's powers, he said:) It is, then, not disputed that there was no written appointment,
power of attorney, or declaration of the powers or, trust vested in Baum. He was made the agent or trustee for the six" tracts-all the lands 6f Port Lawrence Company. At the tiimae of his appointment, the certificates of tifle'stood in the names of theagents *ho made the purchase at Wooster. It is admitted, by the amended bill, that it was then agreed that all the certificates should-be assigned to him; but it is alleged in the same bill that the assignments
were made just prior to the relinquishment in 1821. The answers. are express, that all the tracts were assigned in 1817; and the sub' sequent and more formal assignments were made necessary on the relinquishment.
The nature of the business required that the title should be vested
in Baum1st. To prevent difficulties from deaths in a company of eleven
members, thereby embarrassing the transfer of title to a multitude
of purchasers. 2d. Baum sold with his personal covenants to make titlej which
necessarily implied that the title was in him. He had power to sell all the lands, on speculation, or -for the
debts of the company. The bill alleges that no power of sale or mortgage was given as
toany other lands than 1 and 2."

364

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt

The answers are responsive, and expresslk allege the contrary; and there is nothing contradictory in the proof.'
We have so far considered Baum's -p6wers"as originally granted; but at-the date of the moxtgage they stand on different ground.,
A power originally -conferred, even by writing, may be enlarged
subsequently, and this enlargement be proved by parol. Story Eq.
97. It is admitted that. the title to the unrelinquished lands was for-
mally transferred to Baum in September, 1821. The bill.alleges that this transfer was for the sole purpose of the
relinquishment and appropriation to the unfrelinquished lands. This allegation" is denied by the auswers, and, no proof to con-
tradict. - The complainant introduces Baum's letters to Brown'of 822 and
1523, which state that all the landswere transferred to -him for convenience" of sale. and conveyance.-
Clothing a person with apparent ownership and right to sell, -implies that the apparent is the real authority. Story on Agency,
108. Now had Baum power to mortgage for the debts of the com-
pany?-
1st. OnIhill and answer.that power must be taken to have been expressly given in the beginning, and consequently existed in August, 1823, the date of the mortgage. t
2d. But it is necessarily implied, at that time, the title was in him, without limitation. He had incurred liabilities for the company, and there was no other fund provided for the debts but these lands. He might even*sell theiii-for a power to .aise money out 'of an estate authorizes a sale. 1 A k. 421.
3d. It is further implied by acquiescence. Story on Agency, 60. IA January, 1823, Baum-'sells thirty acres to Prentiss and thirty acres to Tromley, of which the company are notified by the circular
of 1824, and to which no, objection is made. , So, too, the acquiescence in this mortgage, notified to the com-
pany by the same circular.
4th. But the powers of Baum are greatly enlarged when we regard his true characf/r-not an agent, but the managing.partner of a partnership in real estate-Zthe ' prwpositus negotiis societatis" holding all the title-managing all the business-incurring,.by his
personal covenants, the primary liabilities.
5th. Besides this power of disposal over the assetsi as managing partner, he stands in. another relation to these lands after his ad-
vances. At the time of the mortgage, his debt against the partnership, for
advances and liabilities, aniounted to $4755 25. Wyllis on Trustees, 164; Lambert Iv. Bainton, 1 Cha. Ca. 199; Dove v. Langston, Plowd. 186, (at top); Chalmer v. Bradley, 1 Jac. & Walk. 51.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

365

Oliver et al. v. Piatt

These cases are to the' point, that a trustee, to sell, becomes in effect the owner, by advancing to the value.
There may be a question, whether this doctrine applies, in its full force, to realty as well as personalty. Lambert v. Bainton was real estate, and the lord keeper there held the doctrine.
In Chalmer v. Bradley, which wag also a case of real estate, the
Master of the Rolls says he is aware of a distinction'between personal and real estate; nevertheless, he seems disposed to act upon the analogy.
We maintain that the doctrine applies, in all its force, to the case at bar, for the shares-in this real, estate partnership, carefully sepa-
rated as they were from the tile, and. cognisable only in equity, are uniformly treated in this court as personalty.
Baum, then, might have held this land as his own. He might have sold it; instead of which he mortgages it, and with great regard for the interests of his delinquent associates.
Several objections are taken to the proceedings by which the mortgage was foreclosed: First, that they were carried on secretly. The bi alleges that the plaintiff had no knowledge of the mortgage
or the proceedings until after Oliver had obtanec, the patents, (which was in December, 1830,) except only through Baum's cir-
cular of January, 1824. Oliver answers, that.when the debt secured by the mortgage be-
came due; he applied to the different members of the company, and esecially to the plaintiff, for paymenf, but, in vain. That during the pendency of proceedings under the mortgage, the members of the company were cognisant thereof; that he advised the plaintiff of the proceedings, and urged him topay the 'debt, or his proportion of it, to prevent the necessity of,a sale, but the plaintiff paid no attention to the request.
There is not a particle of proof of the alleged secrecy, nor do these proceedings show any anxious haste'to acquire this property, but quite the contrary.
Oliver submits -to a -postponement of payment of four months.
He delays the commencement of legal- proceedings for upwards of two years, and delays a sale for five years; in the mean time endeavouring in vain to get his money from his debtors.
The next objection to these proceedings, and the one on which most reliance was placed by the Circuit Court, is the want of parties. It is said the different memters of the Port Lawrence 'Company, or those representing their interests, ohght.to have been made
parties. We maintain this objection would not have 'been fatal if
made by demurrer, or at the hearing in the court in Michigan. 'The ,title was in Baum alone. He fully represented all-the members of
the. iompany. Even if he stood in the mere relafion of a trustee, it is doubtful-if this objection would have prevailed. Campbell v.
2 H2

SUPREME COURT.
Oliver et a'lv.. Piatt
Watson, 8 Ohio Rep. 498; 11 Yes. 4431 3 P, Wins. 92; Storyls
Eq. P1. 145. But his true standing was that of acting partner, with the title to
all the assets. The other members of: the company .were dormant partners, and by the rufles of chancery practice need not to have been mad6 parties'defendant. Lloyd v. Archbowle, 2 Taunt. 324; Ex parte Norfolk, 19 Ves.. 455.
But if Oliver acquired no title to the three quarter-sectins by the attachinent, nor to the pther tracts by the chancery proceedings under the mortgage, yet he did: acquire the legal title to -all these lands, 'by the subsequent assignment of the certificates to him by Baium, ,and the granting of the patents.
7. Assignment of final certificates by Baum to Oliver. In December, 1828, Baum assigned to Oliver the final certificates for tracts 3 and 4, and the three quarter-sections, purchased under -the attachment; and in December, 1829, the final certificates for tracts 86 and 87; and in August, 1830, the. final certificate for another of the quarter-sections. Under which assignments, Oliver obtained patents inDe~ember, 1830, for all but'tracts 86 and 87. (Mr.Stanbrry here examined the charge that this assignment was
fraudulent.) In the opinion of the court below, it seems to be intimated that
Baum's whole power of sale and transfer was exhausted by the mortgage. Howeier that may be in the execution of strict specified powers, itis supposed, the doctrine does not apply to the case'at bar. Here the title was in Baum, without any express limitation or .declarati6oi of trus.. It was not a power carried out.from the estate, but the whole estate was vested. Dougl. 292, 293, Perkins v. Walker, 1' Vem. 97; that a mortgage is not an exhaustion of a power of sale.
Besides, the transfer was not the exercise of any new power, but the confirmation of the first act; the ratification of Oliver's title under the mortgage, after his pufchase at-a judicial sale. Baum might have made an absolute sale to Oliver in the first place, instead of which he mortgages the land, obtains further lime, and puts Oliver to the necessity of a purchase under judicial proceedings, at a public sale, open to competition; He then makes- the transfer of the certificates; a very proper act, and such an one as a court of equity Would have compelled him to. do; such an act, therefore, as in conscience he was bound to perform.
Here, as well as in every part of this case, in which a question is raised as to Baum's powers, his true situation must not be forgotten. He was not nierely an agent or trustee, but a joint owner, and the acting' partner; invested with the title to all the- assets, having made advances. and incurred personal liabilities, to. taeir full value.
Under these proceedings and transfers, Oliver acquired the legal

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

367

Oliver et a]. v. Piatt.

title to the four quarter-sections, and the lands included in the mortgage, by patents issued to him in December, 1830. The plaintiff
comes to be relieved, and to impeach the transactions under which that title was obtained. From first to last he has been under no disability. He pretends to have been ignorant of these transactions, but his full and current knowledge of them is established by the answers. In fact he admits notice upon the emanation of the
patents. Now if there was goqd faith in these transactions, it is out of the
question to ask this court to disturb a legal title upon any of the
grounds of irregularity or want of power, which are alleged. This
is especially so when the laches of the, plaintiff is taken into the account.
The case of Bergen v. Bennett, 1 Caines, 1, is very much in point here. That was the case of a purchase by a trustee; a mortgagee with power to sell; sixteen years afterwards the mortgagor brought his bill to edeem. Kent, Justice, whilst he acknowledges the incapacity of the trustee to purchase, holds the title good, sim-
ply by the acquiescence. He states the distinction between the case of a bill brought against the trustee to set aside his legal title, and a bill brought by him to complete his purchase, and that equity would not interfere, as of course in the former case. He says, "the cestui que trust must come in a reasonable time to set aside the sale, or he will not be heard ; and that what shall be termed a reasonable time, is not susceptible of a definite rule, but must in a degree depend upon the circumstances of the particular case, and be guided by the,sound discretion of the court. In this case the cestui que trust comes after sixteen years, finding it a gaining bargain, and being all that time under no disability." The learned judge then goes on to enumerate several cases of much shorter acquiescence, which were held barred.
Gregory v. Gregory, 1 Coop. Chan. Ca. 201, was a purchase by a trustee from cestui que trust,'atan undervalue. The Master of the Rolls said he would have set it aside if the application had been made in a reasonable time, but a delay of-eighteen years was too great.
Chalmer v. Bradley, 1 Jac. & Walk. 51, is to the same -point, as to ihe effect of acquiescence in a breach of trust.
But this being a partnership, requiring regular contributions to meet liabilities, refusal or neglect to contribute woris a forfeiture, and implies acquiescence, under circumstances less strong than in
ordinary cases.
Prendergast v. Tuston, Younge and Collyer, Ch. Rep. 98, decided in the English chancery in 1841, was the case of a mining partnership, in which a delay of nine years to.meet contrbutions was held
fatal to the plaintiff. The bill alleges that the plaintiff was always willing to contribute

308

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

'his proportion,.but was never called upon. The answers den this
allegation, and set out repeated and earnest requests, -and to disregard of thiem.
How then stands the case of the plaintiff? He had' engaged in a
partnership adventure in rent estate; debts were contracted by the acting partner, who was primarily'iable upon his personal covenants. That acting partner-is also deeply harassed with his own individual
liabilities. The plaintiff is undei no disability, is a man of property, 'is fully advised of the condition of affairs, and deliberately, fr a series :of'years, abandons the property and the acting partner. In process .of time, ifter the property has changed hands and greatly appreciated 'by the -labour -of others, he comes into a court of equity for relief.
Is it not clear that but for this unexpected increase in value, we should never have heaid of this case ?
8. Exchange with the Michigan University. If the court should be against the appellants on all the foregoing points, and be of opinion.that Oliver held traQts 3, 4, .86 and 87 for
the Port Lawrence Company; and the quarter-sections in trust for the Piatt Company, we claijn next,.that the'decree was erroneous in gvIng'to these cestuis tracts 1 and 2, instead'of making the value of the lands.exchangd a charge on 1'and 2.
These tracts, several yeis ftet the relinquishment, had -been granted by C'ongress to the University Qf Michigan, and were ac-
quired from the trustees by.Oliver,,in exchange for tracts 3, (except ten acres n north-east corner5-) 4, and the three quarter-sections purchased.under the attachment: The journal of the trustees'is eci-
bited to show the negotiation 'This part of the. decree is 'attemlited to be sustained on two
grounds - that Oliver made the'exchange as agent for the Port Law-
rence Company, in conformity 'with an. understanding. formed at the
time of the reinquishment to re-purchase these .tracts ; or if not, 'thai as thay were acquired :with the lands of the Port Lawrence and
P. iaFtti rCt,o;ma ptoaiethse, aallterguesdt rienstuelntstidfonrtothereir-puusrec.hase, and the exchange
by, Oliver in cbnformnity-to it. . The original'and amended bills both allege that at the time of the relinquishment of 1 and 2, it was understooa and agreed by the parties, 'that when at any time 'they should' be:offered for sale by the Unitec'States, they, should be re-purchased for the benefit' of all
concerned. The answer of' Oliver. expressly denies' spch understanding or in-
tentid , 6nd states that he'(Olive'r) often conversed with members of the company on thd subject of the relinquishment.
The :answer. of. Williais is, that he was a meinbr of -the Port Lawrence Commy"at the time of the 'relinquishment, intimately acquainted with all itg concerns and the views of its members, and
never heard of such intention,.then or afterwards.

JANUARY-TERM, 1845.

869

Oliver et aL v. Piatt.

(Mr. 'Stanberr, here-examined the evidence touching this point.) It is therefore quite clear, that there was no agreement on the pari of the" company t9 re-purchase tracts 1 and 2; that the.subseqient acts and declaraion of Baum were upon his own motion, and the mbtive was to secure himself first, and his associates ultinately, from. loss. If he had then succeeded in the re-acquisition, his old associates might have had the election to come-in or not, for they gave him no authority to bind them to new speculations. However it might have been itthe. time 6f the memorial, yet in, 1828, when the negofiption, for the- exchange was begun with the Luiversity, the idea of re-purchase for the old Port Lawrence Company is bsurd, for at that date a majority of its members were dead or.gone to distant parts, and the remainder hd for seven years abandoned the cancemi. There was then no'agreement to.bind the 'c6nsciences of Oliver or Baum;and notbing'in their relatioihs of trustee or agent, if those relations continued, to disable them from acquiring these lands upon their own account.. When 1 and 2 "were relinquished, the subject-matter of the trust and agency inregad to those tracts was ended. There was no preemption right in the company-no tenant right of renewal-no advantage obtained by reason: of the trust. 11 If, from, being in possession; trustees have an opportunity of renewing the,leasehold, such renewal can only be for their destuisque trust; but where the old lease and all the trusts respecting it are determined, and there is no tenant right of reiewal, the former trultee is quoad hoc trustee no longer.' The fiduciary relation ceases for want of an olject, and there is no ground for excluding the quondam trustee from being a purchaser." Hov. on Frauds, 41, 482. So, during the continuance of a lease, the trustee may purchase the reversion in fee, though by this means hie debars the cestui que trust of a chance of renewa. Ibid. "482. Next, as to the claim that a trust results in 1 and 2 for the owners of the tracts which Oliver gave for'them in the exchange. The first objection to this claim is founded on its multifariousness. Here is trust property belonging exclusively to the Piatt Company, and other trust property-belonging exclusively to the Port Lawrence Company, all of which has been applied by Oliver in the purchase of tracts 1 and 2, and -which trist property was-afterwards reclaimed by Oliver. This bill seekes relief for these independent cestuis que trust by demanding f6r each company its share in 1 an'd-2, and also its original fund afterwards regained by Oliver. This makes such a case of multifariousness as would compel the court sua sponte, at the hearing, to refuse' relief. 1 Story's Eq. P1. 224, note 2 ; 10 Ohiq Rep. 459; Campbell v..McKay, 1 Mylne & Craig, Ch. Rep. 603. Theri are other insuperable objections to this .resulting trust in 1
VOL. I.-47

370

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

and 2. It wa& formerly doubted whether trust moneys could be

followed -into land,.so as to operate even as a Jien, in exclusion of

other creditors. It isrnow settled that the lands may be charged

-with the trust fund, and that is ordinarily the soft of relief given to

the cestui. Hov. on Frauds, 468,471; Wallace v. Duffield, 2 Serg.

& Rawle, 521.

·In some cases a trust in the land so purchased results to the cestui,

but the case at bar is not of that class, because,

1st. Where in the misappropriation of a trust fund it has been con-

fused with any other fund, the uniform rule is, simply to make the

trust fund a charge on the new acquisition. Crop v. Norton, 2 AtI.

75. The only limitation upon the doctrine as established by LordHardwicke in Crop v. Norton, that "it.rust never results, except

-where all the money'is paid by one person, is, that where the joint advance is in conformity with an.agreement of purchase a trust will

result. -Wray v. Steele,'!2es. 2 Johns . Ch. Rep. 410.

& Bea. 388; Bottsford v. Burr,

2d. Another objection to a resulting trust in tracts 1 and 2 is, that

they were acquired in part by the individual funds of Oliver.

Under the mortgage proceedings and the subsequent.assignment of'the certificates, Oliver acquired, at the least, the interest of Baum

in tracts 3 and 4, which tracts formed a part of the consideration for

tracts 1 and 2.

Where land ispurchased partly with trust and partly with individual funds, the trust fund so applied, is simply a charge on the land,

and affects the title no further. ' Willis on-Trustees, 64; 1 Hov. on

Frauds, 471, 472; Lewis v. Maddocks,. 8 Ves. jun. 150; S. C.

17 Ves. jun. 47.

3d. ·Oliver was not a strict!trustee. He did not stand towards his

cestuis in any one of the comra6n fiduciary relations. He believed

himself to be the sole owner of the fund with which he purchased

1 and 2.

Where 'land is-purchased with a trust fund, but the party is not

ina strict fiduciary relation, and acts under a belief of his fight to

the fund, the rule in equity is, to make the trust fund or its value a

charge simply. Savige v. Carroll, 1 Ball & Beatty, 265 ; Perry v.

Philips, 4 Ves. jun. 108; Cox v. Paxton, 17YVes. jun. 329.

4th. Oliver has re-acquired the very lands, the identical trust fund

which he is said to have misappropriated in the exchange for 1 and

2. .There is therefore no -necessity for following the original fund

into the new acquisition, either in the way of charge or resulting

trust, for the original fund is here undiminished, aid by giving it

them the cestuis are in statu quo.

5th. Ahother Qbjection to giving the cestizis 1 and 2, is the difficulty

of apportioning. their respective interests in the new acquisition.

We know that the parties to the exchange considered 1 and 2 as

equa! in value to 3, 4, and the three quarter-sections, but what relative

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

371

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

value they affixed to 3, 4, and the6t1hree quarter-sections, we Ado not know. Undoubtedly they had their own views of this relative value, and these' views ma have been very dissimilar. How can the court fix that relative value, and say whatproportibn in the new acquisition represents the distinct funds vested in it? In the ordinary case of a sale of lands, where the, agreement settles all terms but the price, a court of chancery has never yet attempted to fix a price for the partieq by the opinion of third persons. Even where the contract. provides that the price shall be fixed by arbitrati6n, a court of chan-

cery will not compel the delinquent party to choose his arbitrator or even appoint arbitrators for them.
6th. The vast'increase in the value of I and 2 since the-purchase by Oliver, an increase brought about; in a great measure, by the com-

bined efforts of Oliver and Williams, forbids .a resultiftg trust. This-property, at the time 'of its purchase, was worth only about
$5000. At !he time of the filing of the bill it had advanced one hundred fold in vale, mainly by the constant exertions of the ap-

pellants.

But if a trust did result, we claim that the decree is very far from establishing the true proportions of the parties in 1 and 2. . -

As to tracts 3, 4, 86 and 87, notwithstanding the proceedings in chancery, and the assignments of :the certificates to .be holden invalid, Oliver yet had title.to them; his mortgage remained; by that he had th6 equitable estate.. He subsequently obtained the legal title, in trust for all pejsons interested in the property. 1e sells the property for cash, and the eestuis que trust may affirm or disaffirm the sale. If they affirm it, how will equity compel hifn to apply the pur-

chase money? .1st. To the expenses of the sale. 2d. To satisfir the mortgage in

full. 3d. Th residue to the mortgagors.

But ifi,nstead of makihg this application, he lay out the money in other land, and if the court find they can pursue the money into the land, not merely as a charge upon it, but to raise a resulting trust in the land itself, then the laniwill be applied just as the money which bought it -would have been applied, and in the same proportions.
If the mortgaged premises were exchanged for land, without the

intermediate sale and re-investment, the same consequences would follow.

If it lie found that Oliver should share, in equal proportion with

the other persons interested, the profits of the bargain he has made,

then we take the value of the property sold as th basis of our esti-

mate, and it gives this result:

.Lots 3, 4, 86, and 87, estimated by Hunt & Conant,

$2357 50

Mortgage, (deducting all corrections claimed,) with in-

terest to 1830,

-. -

-

-

-

-

- 2218. 00'

Interest of P. L. Company,.

$139 50

372

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

If.the court should be ofopinion that equity ought not to give Oliver,

the mortgagee, any share in the profits of his own bargnam, nor any

compensatioi for time, trouble, and expenses in making it, then the

proportions would be settled thus:

Value of 1 and 2 in 1830, (Hunt & Conant,).

-

$4030 00

Paid by Piatt Company, or Oliver, as the court shallfind

in another branch of the case, by the three quarter-sec-

tions, worth at same time, (Hunt & Cona3it,) -

1120 00

Oliver's interest in the mortgiged premises,

3010 00 - 2218 00

Interest-of Port Lawrence C6mpany,

.-

-$7-92

00

Oliver's expenses, services, &c., if allowed, would, of course, be

deducted rateably from the resjctive interests.

9. We claim, if a trust is established in 1 and 2, that it was erroneous to allow the share conveyed by Burnett to Mary P. Ewing to

be set up against Oliver, being -1 of Baum Company's shares.. Baum conveyed the lands included in the mortgage to Oliver,

with covenants of warranty. Assets descended, upon the death of Baum, to his heirs. With
part of the assets so descended, i. e. the amount due to Baum from the members of the Port Lawrence Company, for advances, Mary P. Ewing, one of his children and heirs, requires from Burnett title to

an interest in the lands covered.by the warranty of her father.: The decree defeats the title to, these lands, and allows the heir to recover upon the footing pf the adverse interest so acquired.
We maintain she is estopped. Co. Lit. 325. 10. We claim, lastly, that the decree is erroneous as against Wil-

liams, who well maintains the ground Qf a bonafidepurchaseri vith-

out notice. The bill alleges notice, by W,illiams, of all the fraudulent combi-

nations and transactions imputed to Baum and Oliver. .These allegations are met with full and unequivocal denials in the

answer, which sets forth all the particulars required for the, defence

of a purchaser without notice.. . There is not.a particle of prbof to impeach This taswer, or to show that Williams had any knowledge of the fraudulent acts attempted to be made out against Oliver and Baum. He-purcbased an interest in the Port Lawrence Company'in March, 1819. He was the agent to make thfe relinquishment of 1 and 2 in September, 1821, and does not appear again in the case until May, 1831, when he. makes his first purchase from Oliver. He finds Oliver invested with the legal

title to 1 an-d 2, which had been relinquished ten years before. It is said Williams was one 6f the. cestuis whose property was

wrongfully conveyed by their trustee, Baum; that he must be pre-

JANUARY TERM, 184 .

_W3

Oliver-et al. e. Piatt.

sumed to have kn wledge that Baum had no authority to sell or.
mortgage the property. In the first place, we do not see, if this be ,so, how it affect9 his
title to-tracts I and 2.. The trust,. as to them, ceased at the relinquishment. Ten yeais. after, he.finds Oliver invested with the legal
title; and then purchases from-him.. Will it be said that the recitals in the patent.t Oliver for tracts
1 *and2 affect him with notice? The patent issuid, to Oliver. on the 4th March, 1831, -and re-
cites, that, under the prdvisions of the act of Congress of January' 13, 1830,. "to authorize thd exchange of- certain lots of land be-. tween the Univer~ty'and Martin Baum and others,'. the University
had transferred 1 and 2 to Olivr, as the assignee of Baum. IIn point of'fact, Oliver was not the assipee of Baum, of tracts 1
and 2. No one pretends that this recital is nbt a inistalre ; nor can it be 'said -the'recitals in the act -of Congress notified Williams that the phrase "Martin Baum and others" nieant Martin Bium and the other members of the old Port Lawience Company. The most con-elusive argument to show it impliesno such notice,'is found in the
testimony of Judge Burnett; who, like Williamfs, was-a.*member of that company,. aid, being in the Senate of the UnitedStates, voted,
for the Jaw, and had no idea *that"Martin Baum and others" incuded the company.
As to the other trcts, Oliver held tlie'patents without any recitals. Williams knew a part. of them had once belonged to the Port Law . rence Company, but he knew nothing t6 impeach: Oliver's title.

Pirtle,-for appellees, denied that this was a case of partnership,
and commented on- the authorities refefredo to by Mr. Stanberr., which, he contended, did not justify the position. He -then traced 'the history of the transaction, beginning-with 'the purchase 'at the public sale, af.desaid, that courts 'wil not enforce agreements in graud of the law, or against public polipy, is true. That an agreement -iiot to.bid at a sheriff's sale or at an auction ofan executor wouldbe against- public-policy, ha been decided. The doctrine on this sbject was thor ughly examined' in the case of Jones v. Caswell,
3 Johns. Ca. 29; 1 McLeans'Rep. 300, 302; 2 McLean's Rep.
276, et seq.; 1 Stor's Eq. 290. But this doctrine has io'application to this case. To apply it now, even if there were fraud, would be very much like a plea to an anction of t overthat the plaintiffhad
obtained-the property in question of a stranger by deceitful practices,
which would be absurd. This suit .is not to enforce a contract.
The contract had been completed years before.the matters charged agairist the- defendants.
There is nothing corrupt in su~h an,agreement as that made hy the parties in the instance stated in the plea. Nothing is more comrmon than for several persons to join in a.purchase of lands or other
21

874

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al v. Piatt.

valuable property at auction sales. There was no more harm in
forming the Port Lawrience Company than there was in forming the Baum. and Piatt Conipanies. There was no agreement that one, for a certain price, should not -bid against the other, but that certain tracts, dsired by both, should be purchased for both.
This was a great sale, advertised over the union, at which great
numbers of persons were collected from different quarters. It wag not like a neighbourhood sale of chattels by an officer, and there was no danger of injury to The government or Of the misleading of arfy man's confidence. The United States had fixed a minimum
price on these lands. There-was strong competition; and a price so large was given -for the lands, hat the Port Lawrence Company were compelled to relinquish the site of the town to the government.
So the effect, at any rate, was not to cheat the country. It would be a flagrant encouragement of fraud to say, that because
Oliver and Piatt had formed such a partnership for their respective companies as that in 1817, Oliver and Williams (who bought of Oliver and thus came into the Port Lawrence Company) might in 1836 cheat all the others of the company out of their shares in the
Port Lawrence lands. It is etntended that Baum did remain a trustee and agent for the
Port Lawrence Company in respect to Nos. 1 and 2, after the surrender to the United States, as well as in respect to the other property
of that company, and of the lands owned separately by the Baum Company and by the Piatt 'Company. That he was agent and
truskee *as to all the other lands, except 1 and 2, is ferfectly apparent; and that Oliver acted for him, that he acted bnly through Oliver for all the time, is just as apparent upon this record. Baum never.was on these lands-neer'was in that region of the countryall was intrusted to .Oliver. Some temporary business was done by another Mr. Oliver, but under the instruction and assistance of this appellant. The duty of'surrendering the lots was done byWilliams,
but this was a single act. Oliver" could not stand on any better ground than Baum, whether
he knew what Baum's powers were or not; or whether he acted as the sub-agent of Baum, or merely as his friend lind for his accommodation, or not. If he acted as a volunteer, be could claim nothing of -Baum, or the company; but his claim must be upon the ground that his acts'were at the instance of one or the other. He cannot, theil, -sep arate himself Pr6m the-character of agent. He was acting for the company, not for Baum alone. He stood, then, as the company's.fidueiary; and was bound to know how Baum stood to the company. Baum continued to be.the agent and trustee for" the other lands. -This-isundeniable. It Is only said his agency may
have termirlated sokne Iiine afterwards., He was just as much agentand trustee fdr the lots '! and 2 after the relinquishment as before. The intention to. reclaim them was manifested by his petitions to

JANUARY TERM, 1S45.

-8_75

Oliver et al. v. Piatt

Congress. These petitions are dated 30th -January, 1822; the lands were relinquished 27th September, 1821. In his letter to Mr. Brown he says, "1though the petition is signed by myself only, still

others have an interest in it, to wit: Jacob Burnet, William Steele, M. T. Williams, J. R. Miller, and John Rowan, of Kentucky; but

for the sake of convenience, all the lands by the company were transferred to me ;" and after having referied to the argument in the petition he says, it will show "1the just claim which, f think, I and my associates have on the government for redress." What was that redress? Why, that Congress should- allow them to purchase the

lots 1 and 2, so that they might build up the town laid off there, and in which they had sold lots.

By his associates, he meant to include the Port Lawrence Company; and although he does not name them all in this let-

ter, he names J. H. Piatt and M. Worthington in' the postscript; showing that he was not acting for himself and the persons first

named only.

.

In his letter to Mr. Brown, of the 6th of February, 1823, he speak§ of the case on which he is petitioning, as " a ruinous one to me and my associates, and las resulted so from the acts of Congress more

than other causes ;" and he says, " all the tracts stood in my name, in order to render it 'more convenient to sell and convey."

The possession of these lots, Nos. 1 and 2, on which the town was laid out, was not by any means given up when the surrender was made of the title to the United States, but it was held by Baum until the patent issued to Oliver, as far as it appears in this record. (Mr. Pirtle referred to a great many parts of the record to establish

this.)

The attachment in Michigan could give Oliver no title for several reasons. 1. No attachment would lie, because a mere equity, un-

certain in its character, subject, accbrding to the statements of Oliver, to balances due to Baum, could not be attached, and so the court had not jurisdiction. The old statutes of Pennsylvania are very general on the subject of foreign attachment; yet it has been held, that ai attachment would not lie against executors, 2 Dallas, 73 ; nor against money collected by a sheriff, 1 Dallas, 355. CA claim

resting in damages and depending on a possibility only, is not attach-

able by foreign attachment." "For ment lies not of a claim in covenant,

the same reason, foreign attachbecause it sounds merely in da-

minagthees."hanSdesrgo. fonthAe tteaxcelucunteonrt,b7y6f.orei"gAn laetgtaachymceanntn, obt ebceauasteacihtedis uncertain whether, afer debts paid, the executor may have assets to discharge it." Serg. on Attachment, 86. The statute of 1794, of Massachusetts, provides, that any creditor entitd to an 'ition against his debtor, , havaing any goods,offcts, or credits so intrusted or deposited in thc hands of others," &c., may cause not only the goods and estate of the debtor "to be attached in his own hands or pos-

SUPREME COURT.
Oliver et al. v. Piatt

sessionf &c.' but,-also 9 his gdods, effects, and credits so intrusted and deposited." In th -i case of Picquet v. Swan et'al., 4.Mason's -Rep'. 446' Mr. Justice Story says, 1It is an extraordinary process,

and from- its nature can afford but a very imperfect administration

of rights and remedies as to the litigant parties. Nor, as far as my

limhited experieiee has gone, has it enabled me to say, that in com-

plicated transactions, where various and conflicting rights have been brought forward for controversy, the result has in a general view

bebn such as entitled it to peculiar public favour on account of its

advancement of public justice," &c. In 7 Mass. "Rep. 274, the Supreme Court, in exposition ofthis statute, remarks, that " pecuniary

legacies in the hands of an executbr. are not goods or effects; and

it is equally clear, that in no proper sense can they be denominated

credits.'? (See also-1 Pick. Rep. 399.) Theseopinions go to show

how this statute of Michig?i should be construed. 2. But if the court had jurisdiction, this was an improper proce-

dure against the Piatt Coinpany. The debt, if any, was against the

Port Lawrence Company, and it was not in the power of Baum or

of Oliver to fix it on the Piatt Company alone.. There was no debt

of the Piatt Company.

3. This attachment was evidently sued out-for the purpose of.

setting hold of the lands; and not merely for he purpose of mak-

mng the grater

vmaoluneey apt rtehteendtiemdetoofbethdeuea.ttacThmheesnet, lathnadns

wiser-eproeftenmduecdh.

'Te three setions attached' were valued at the time, by the comz-

tmenisdseico}neorsbaepdpuoein, twedasfo$r291t3he0p7u:"rpPosiae,tt toand$1O20li0v.er lTivhede nsueamr eparceh-
other; Piatt was a man of wealth, at any rate of very dompetent ·meaes, and was weekly in the city where Oliver lived. It was much more convenient to Oliver, if he knew this 'demand to me just, to have made monteiys by eoercion, or otherwi4 in his own neighbourhood, than to proceed in a wilderess'and reote region
--hundreds of miles off: It is a principle of universal justice, that a party shall not be
affected by the judgment of a court, who has not been party-to the suit in which it rs.made. Who was the party that as to be warned to pay the money due on te mortgage, by the decree nisi? not Baum: for Oliver would not have recewed it of himabunt the parties o pitnhg eb thePoie Lawrence Company. Who a s expected to defend theu it? not Baum-;whose proper was to be

sold? the property of the Port Lawrence Company; and to be sold to their -agent upon their agent's suit! It woul4 be strange indeed, if they were not -necessary parties in such judicial performances as this. -The doctrine of necessary parties is stated in so many books, it would'fatigue the court to cite them. See Story on Eq. P1. 187; 4 'eters, 202.
Had a third person, ignorant of the rights of' the company, pur-"

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

377

Oliver et a]. _v. Piatt.

chased the property under this decree, he might have held, j~ist as

he might have held under a-purchase from Bauni without notice.

But Oliver's -plrchase was nothing. The assignment from Baum afterwards was nothing.

This' purchase was on the, Ist .df September, 1828,,and a few weeks before, on the 12th of August, a negotiation was commenced with the Michigan University by Oliver, for the exchange of lots 1 and 2 for other lands in the neighbourhood.

Oliver says he made the proposition for himself; but the records

of the university show that-he made it in behalf of "Baum and others."' Baum had been struggling with the government for these lots 1 and 2, for several years, and the act of Congress passed for the benefit of Baum and others, and not for the benefit of Oliver.

The government -had been made to understand that Baum and his associates had 6uffered great loss in the purchase of the lots 1 and' 2, which they had been compelled to relinquish aftbr having laid

out a towri, and sold lots, &c. The deed from- the university to Oliver purports to be made to carry into effect the act of Congress; -

and the patent that issued to Oliver purports to be issued "to carry into effect the intent of the aforesaid act, of the 13th January, 1830."

The application-of Oliver to the university for the exchane -n be-

half of Martin Baum and. others, was calculated to de ude the members of the Port Lawreice Company; and the act of Congress,

-purpoffing to be for their benefit, and to carry out, in substance,

what Baum had been asking of the government for eight years, was directly calculated to quiet their anxiety, and mislead them.
(Mr. Pirtle here referred to many parts of the evidehce to show

that Oliver had created an impression that he was acting for Baum

and others.)

Suppose there was no combination between these parties, or any

of them, and that the other membdrs of the company were not necessary parties to the suit, yet Oliver, according to his statement,

was, a mere volunteer; he had made the payments to*purchasers,

by-which. his demand was created, because they were his friends andold associates, and he had obtained the mortgage from Baum, with a knowledge that Baum held the title for a special object only;

and how can he be allowed to hold the property under such circumstances. The assignments by Baum to him are all of apiece with the sale under the decree. What court ever supported a trans-

fer by an agenit and trustee, of all the subject of the agency and trusteeship, to. his friend, or sub-agent, under pretence of paying

deb s? '-The assignments were made by -Baufn to enable Oliver to seize the Port Lawrence property. The fbreclosure of the mortgage

had been made for that purpose. Thus the matter was, fixed up between them to take all, in and-.out of Port Lawrence, and let the cestuis pie trust lose all the money. paid out for all the land,' all

VoL. II.--48

- 212

878

SUPREME COUAT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt

paid to Oliver, to Baum, and to everybody else; and a balance, the whole of Baum's account rendered; and.two-thirds of Oliver's,
still' outstanding! The lots 1 and 2 having been obtained with the. lands of the
Port Lawrence Company, by such means, and by persons standing in the relation in which Baum and Oliver stood, and il which Williams .also stood, must be held in trust for the Port Lawrence'Company. Williams was one of that company, and was bound to have
notice of the manner in which Ba'um held, and the relation in which Oliver stood; and his denials amount to nothing. I need not trouble this court with reference to authority to support the general
doctrine, that a fiduciary cannot hold for himself the subject purchased with the funds intrusted. There are some qualifications of the yule. But why should there be any here? This is.not a case where so much money has been laid out in lands by one who held
money in trust, either to lay it out in lands, or for any other purpose.; that money has no ear-mark, does not make a difficulty here. It is not a case, either, where justice cannot be rendered to the parties purchasing the land, if any thing further than a specific lien were given on the land purchased. But this is a case where the lands exchanged have been improperly obtained, and applied to the exclusive use of parties standing in a relation to compel them, in
good faith, to divide the lands acquired, taking to themselves a sufficient compensation. It is not necessary that there shall be a direct violation of a formal trust, to allow the parties, claiming to
have the benefit of the purchase, that privilege. Docker'v. Som'es, 2 Mylne & Keene, 655; 4 Kent's Com. 306; Holt v. Holt, 1 Ch.
Ca. 19; Walley v. Walley, 1 Vein. 484; Palmer v. Youxlg, 1 Vern. 276 ; Lane v. Dighton, Ambler, 409 ; 1 Bro. Ch. Rep. 232; 2 Bro. Ch. Rep. 287; Phillips v. Crammond, 2 Wash. C. C. Rep.
"441; Holeridge v. Gillespie, 2 John. Oh. Rep. 33. This case
is very similar in its principles to the cases of a renewed leas63 procured by an executor or guardian, when he shall be a trustee of tle new lease.; and of a surrender by one partner and a new lease taken to himself, where his partners shall hold him as a trustee, as in some of the cases just cited. The doctrine contended for has been uni-
form, from the decision of Lord Keeper Bridgman, in Holt v. Holt,
says Chacellor Kent, to- the present time.

Scott, on the same side, far appellees.
This cause is brought before this court by appeal from a decree of the Circuit Court of the United States, seventh circuit, and district of Ohio; and in its discussion we shall, assume the following positions:
1. At the time lots 3 and 4, (except ten acres, part of lot 3, reserved,) and the three quarter-sectiois in the bill named, were transferred by William Oliver to the trustees of the Michigan Uni-

JANUARY TERM, 184 .

879

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

versity, in exchange for lots 1 and 2, said Oliver was the trustee, and Robert Piatt, the original complainant, and others, the cestuis gue trust of the lands then giveni in exchange for lots 1 and 2-of the ten acres reserved, part of lot 3 ; of lot 86, (except sixty acres, parts thereof sold to Prentiss and Tromley;) of lot 7, and the south-east quarter of section 3, of township 3-all in the twelve miles reservation, at the foot of the rapids of the Miami of Lake
Erie. 2. When Oliver received conveyances from 'the trustees of the
Michigan University (and assignments of the original first certificates from Bau, and obtained a patent therefr) of lots 1 and 2, in ex-
change for the three quarter-sections of land which belonged to the Piatt Company, and for part of lot 3 and lot 4, which belonged to the Port Lawrence Company, he became invested with the legal
title to said lots 1 and 2, as trustee in trust for said Piatt and Port Lawrence Companies, from whom the consideration given for said lots 1 and 2 proceeded.
3. M. T. Williams is not an innocent bona fide purchaser. He
is affected with: notice at and prior to the respective periods in which he received conveyances from Oliver, of portions of the lands in question, and therefore holds the same as trustee, for the uses and purposes originally designed. 1 Phillips's Evidence, 410, 411; Comyn's -Digest, tit. Evidence, B. 5; Plowden 234, 430, 434; 2 Ser . & Rawle, 507; Gilbert's Evidence, 87; 1 Salk. 285;
Marchioness of Anandale v. Harris, 2 Peer Williams, 432; Shelby v. Wright, Willis, 11; Com. Dig. tit. Estoppel, A. 2.
4. Oliver as agent; and Oliver and Williams as trustees, are bound to itcount with and pay to the original complainant, Robert Piatt, his just proportion of the money and notes received by them on the sales of lots in Port Lawrence and Toledo, and lands adjacent, and to convey to him his just pYoportion of such parts thereof as remain unsold.
5. Oliver andWilliams have no just cause to complain of the decree whicr has been rendered against them in the Circuit Court, as ample and more than liberal justice has been awarded t6 them, even if their conduct in the premises had been entirely untainted by fraud or a fraudulent design, and they had been merely acting under an entirely innocent but mistalen view of their legal rights. But it is respectfully submitted, that Robert Piatt, the heirs of Martin Baum, and the other defendants in interest, have just cause to complain of that decree.
The answers of all the defendants, except Oliver and Williams, to the amended bill of the original complainant, Robert Piatt, are in the nature of cross-bills, aid respectively ask for similar relief, as respected him or themselves, to that prayed for by the complainant,
Robert Piatt. It vias therefore proper for the court in rendering the decree, to

SUPREME -COURT.
Oliver et al. v. Piatt
adjust and settle the interests and claims of all the parties to the record.
I.. (Mr. Scott related the formation of the Port Lawrence Company.) " The partnership thus fornied was ueither universal nor general,
but limited and confined to the objects set forth in the instructions, &c., given to Oliver, and the facts to which we shall refer, from which the rights, duties, and obligations of Baum, the trustee, and Oliver, the agent, are to be ascertained.
It is. conceded that Baum. continued to act as trustee until his death. That Baum's powers were restricted to a general oversight of the company's business, and the execution of conveyances of the lots and lands when sold, we also infer from the following facts:
-Baum, in his letter to Brown, 25th December, 1822, gays: "For the sake of convenience, all the lands, by the company, were transferred to me." In his letter to the same, February 6th;.1823, he also says: "All the tracts stood in my name, in order to render it more convenient to sell and, convey;" and in his letter to the commissioner of the General Land Office, July 20th, 1827, he says: "'These lands, hough. bbught in sundry persons' names, were afterwards transferrLd to me as ageit, for the purpose of managing and conveying them in case of sales." All the certificates, for the put,poses aforesaid, were assigned to Baum.
Oliver, as agent, with the assistance of Schenck, proceeded to lay out the town, advertised a sale of lots, and sold a: number of lots. His instructions confined him to the sale of a certain portion of the lots, *fixed the terms of sale, and required him to give certificates of purchase, in the'nature of title-bonds, for a donveyance by Baum, the trustee. He was to open an immediate correspondence with Baum relative to th6 interests of the company, -and was in-. formed, that any instructions h. might thereafter receive from Baum, the trustee, were- to b.e considered as coming directly from the proprietors themselves.. This is all shown by his instructionslis bond to Baum. and power of attorney from Baum.
The letter given by Baum to Oliver, notifying him 6f his appointment, .which relates. particularly to the, salary he was to receive, -would seem to restrict his agency to one year; but-his appointment by the company was without limit as to time. His appointment being without limit as to time, the law presumes a continuance of hi. agency. (See Sfarlde's Evid. 46, 50, 51, cited.) Oliver insists that be never acted as agent of the Port Lawrence Company after his r6signation, .in May or Juiie, 1818. But the following facts and circumstances show that his agency.ex ended beyond that period, and that he still stands in that relation to the company.
(Mr. Scott here referred to numerous parts of the record.) We thus deem the agency of Oliver, from August, 1817, the -date of his original appointment, down to the 20th June, 1834, es-

JANUARY TERM 184.

881

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

tablished; the -consequences resulting from which agency will be examined hereafter.
Oliver was one of the original proprietors of Port Lawreiice; and, although he may have transferred'his -interest in the company to others, in 1818 and 1819, as he alleges in his answer, yet all the. liabilities against said company'had accrued pri6r to said transfers. These transfers did not discharge him from the liability'to persona
who had claims growing out of purchases made prior to bis trans-' fers, which liabilities have not yet been entirely satisfied. (See Collyer on Partnerships, 4, 105 ; and Story on Partneirjips, § 358.)
No settlegient among the original proprietors br their legal repre-, sentatives or assignees has ever been made; -his relation, therefore,
to the company, as one of the original partneis, still remains, and the consequences of this relationiwill also be examined during the progress of the cause.
The pressure of the times and other causes rendered it indispensa-
bly necessary for-'the company to avail themselves of the benefit .of the act of Congress for the' relief bf purchasers of the public lknds prior to the 1st day of July, 1820, by the relinquishment of lots 1-
and 2, and the application of the money paid thereon to the payment of 'the purchase money of other lands bought by them. The amount paid.on tracts 1 and 2'was $4817 55j. The balance due on lots 3, 4; 86 and 87, was $1402 361; .and the balance due by the Piatt
'Company, for their five quarter-sections, was $1248. In order to facilitate, therefore, the.applicati6n of the moneys paid on said lots I and 2, the original, first certificates of the purchase of said Iotg 1,
2, 3, 4, 86 and 87, and the five quarter-sections., were all assigned to Baum.
M. T. Williams, as agent, made the relinquishment of said tracts 1 and 2, and applied the moneys arising therefrolm to the discharge 'of the balances due on"the lands rethined, September 27, 1821, and the surplus remaining -after such payment was $949 -1; 6n -half of
'which, viz., $474 60j, belonged to the Piatt Company.' This ba-
lance, by arrangement between the-parties, 'was applied to the payment of lands 'which had been. purchased by the Maumee andi San-
dusky. Company, and which was to be accounted for as part of the Piatt Company's portion of the liabilities of the Port Lawrence
Company. All the defendants, except Oliver and Williams, distinctly admit
that the five quarter-se~tions were assigned to Baum!for the purposes above named, and that no consideration moved, or was intended to move, from Baum to the Piatt Company, as, an inducement to said
assignments. Neither-Oliver jor Williams deny that the assignments were made for the above pftrposes. The assignments being thus mAde for the above purposes, those purposes being acccomplished, a-trust resulted to the Piatt Company in said five quarter-sections.
See. Jackson v. Millsk, 13 Johns. R. 463;-Boyd v. Lane, 1 Johns.

382

'SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

Chan. R. 582; Wallace v. IDuffield, 2 Serg. & Rawle, R. 521; Foote v. Calden, 3 Johns, R. 216; Trustees of the Methodist Episc.opal Church v. Jacques, 1 Johns. Ch. R. 450; Botsford v. Burr,
2 Johns. Ch. R. 405; Huston v. Hamilton, 2 Binn. R. 387; Deg
v. Deg, 2 P. Williams, 412.
(Mr. Scott then referred to various parts of the r ecord to show that when lots 1 and 2 were relinquished;,it was done with an understanding and determination, among the original proprietors, to repurchase them, and go forward with the enterprise of building up a town; and then argued, from the following prepositions, that Oliver intended to defraud his associates.)
1. In order to place himself in a situation in which he might secure to himself a part or the whole of the five quarter-sectioris be-
longing to the Piatt Company, Oliver procured from M. Baum the certiftcate dated. September 10, 1822.
The giving of that certificate did not fall within the scope of
Baum's authority as trustee. See Story on Partnerships, § 111.
The accounts between the partners could not be split up, as contemplated by that certificate, so as to render 6ne partner liable in his individual capacity for claims against the whole of the
partners.
At the time that certificate was given, nothing was due from the Piatt Company to the Port Lawrnce Company, but, on the contrary, the sum of $191 was due from the latter to the former. No suit at law could be maintained by Oliver, the aent, for the recovery of the amount of said certificate, it being fraudulent and void; and if a just demand, it was due from the Port Lawrence Company, .and not the Piatt Company, and a suit could not be maintained
on it against the Piatt Company. See Story on Partnerships, § 234,
235, 236, and 128; Jacksonv. Rawlins, 2 Vernon, 95; Maddox v.
Jackson, 3 Atkins, 406; Anon., 2 Freeman, 27. 2. Oliver's letter to R. Piatt, February 3, 1823. 3. No demand for-payment of said certificate -was ever made upon
the Piatt Company, or any of its members; nor was there ever any
legal proceedings instituted against them where they resided. 4. The very fact of instituting legal proceedings in a foreign juris-
diction, against the property of the Piatt Company, at a point situated more than two hundred and fifty miles from the residence of
any of the members of the Piatt Company, and which point could only be reached by passing through a dense and uninhabited wilderness, whilst most of those members resided in the imfnediate neighbourhood of Oliver, furnishes strong evidence of a fraudulent and
ulterior design on the part of Mr.-Oliver to secure to himself the property of the Piatt Company.
5- At October term of 'th County Court of Monroe county, Michigan Territory, "825, Oliver sued out a writ of foreign 'attachment on the aforesaid "certificate, against Martin Baum, Robert Piatt,

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

383

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

George A. Worth, and William M. Worthington, survivors of Martin Baum, John H. Piatt, (deceased,) Robert Piatt, George A. Worth, and William M. Worthington, late joint partners. The manner in which this attachment was sued out would seem to furnish conclusive e- idence of a fraudulent intent. George A. Worth never was a partner, nor had any interest in the' Piatt Company; nor were Martin Baum, John H. Piatt, (deceased,) Robert Piatt, George A. Worth, William M. Worthington, late joint partners. The three quarter-sections on which the attachment was levied did not belong to the persons named in the attachment, but to the representatives of John H. Piatt, (deceased,) Robert P1iatt, Gorham A. Worth, and William M. Worthington. This is not like the case where process has been served on an individual by a wrong name, in which case he has an opportunity of appearing in oiirt and plead-
ing the misnomer in abatement. In attachment, the procee'dings being in rern, if the property on which the .attachment be levied belong not to the defendants' named in the writ, itis respectfully silbmitted that the court has no jurisdiction in the case. Even if the notice Which seems to have' been given of the pendency of the attachment had by accident reached the members of the Piatt Company, they could not have supposed that they were the persons intended. The .plaintiffi in all'such cases, proceeds at his peril. Kilboum v. Woodworth, 5 Johns. Ch. R. 40; Fisher v. Lane, 3 Wils. 297; Phelps v. Holldrk, 1 Dal]. 261 ; Kibby v. Kibby, Kirby, 119; Buchanan v.Bucker, 9 East, 192 ; S. P. Robertson v. Ex'rs of Ward, 8 Johns. R.; and Fenton v. Garlick, Ibid. 152; also, Manuscript F, p.. 6.
At the time of the levy, judgment, and sale, under the attachment, the lemal title to the three quarter-sections levied on remained in the Unitea States; the evidende of the equitable title was vested in Baum.; and the ohly claim which the Piatt Compariy had was a mere resulting trust, not subject to be levied on uder attachment or execution; Ad, consequently, the whole proceedings under the attachment, the conveyance to Noble, and by him to Oliver, were absolutely null and void. Lessee of Abraham's heirs v. Will et al.; 6 Ohio R. 164; 2Powell on Mortgages, p. 457, A; Co. Lit. 35, A; MS. p. 7, &c.; and the opinion anfd authorities cited by his hbnaur Judge McLean, in giving his opinion in-this case, pp. 20, 21.
Oliver's title to the three.quarter-sections purchased under the attachment was not strengthened by taking assignments of the briginal first certificates of purchase from Baum, nor by' the attainment of patents under them; for by having notice of the trust, he himself became the trustee to the Piatt Company. See Lucas v. Mitchell, 3 Marshall, 244; MS. letter G, p. 9. The procuring an assignment of the original first certificate of purchase of the fourth quarter-section from Baum, and obtaining a-patent under it, he having notice of the

884'

SUPREME COLR-r.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

trust, constituted him a trustee to the Piatt Company for that.quar-
ter-section. . 6. On the 2.7th dhy-of August, 1823, Oliver fraudulently, and in violation of the great.confidence reposed in him by Baum, the'truste.e; obtained from him a mortgage of Ell the property'belonging to the Port Lawrence Conpany. This mortgage was obtained in or'der to secure Oliver for his. propoition 'of the moneys for the purchkse and improvements of lbts 223 and 224, in Port Lawrence; the amount contracted to be paid to B. F. Sticlmey, for lots and im-provements in Port Lawrence which he surrendered; and the amoulrt charged .for 'his (Oliver's) services and expenses in sittling with, Sticknpy, and transacting other business for the compan, to the entir6 exclusion of-the interests.of Baum, and all the-other proprietors and creditors of the Port Lawrence Company.'
Baum,- as trustee, had no authority t6 execute the mortgage, as his powers 'ere lhnifed,,from his own showing, to that of executing
conveyarices 'forr the lots or land, in case of sales of' lots by the ".agent, Oliver, or of the lands by order of the ceshs qwue tr st themselves. Story on Parthers!ips, §*11.1 and 101, commencing on p. 146; -and Manuscript, p. 20, letter M. Oliver 'could not sell the lands to himself, and it is'clear tat no sale was made to him by. the
cestuis gu"trust.' The "mortgage,is fraudulent, as it related to Baum, and given to
rid himself of the importunity of Oliver. . No notice of the existence of this mortgage seems ever to have been. given to the memiers of the Port Lawrence Corhpany,'.by
Oliver..
In October, 1825, Oliver filed his bill in the-Supreme Court of Michigan Territory, sitting ag a coufit of chancery, against Baum, r4ying a decree for payment of the moneys due on said mortgage, ym'short day, to be named; and, in 'default thereof, that Baum, tnd' all -claiming, under him, miight be forebound of and from all equity of rederatiton, of, in, and to, the mortgage premises, and might dliver over to the plaintiff- 'all patent deeds, demises, and writings, whateveri relating to*said pre'mises. In 1828, it was decreed that the defendant redeem the mortgage premises by payment 0ttohe complainant of $2305 96- an' costs, by the 1st of July next thereafter, or, in default -thereof, that the mortgage premises be sold. The' mortgage premises' were' afterwards sold to Oliver, by the as:' sistant register, for the sum of $618.56, and a deed made to Oliver.
The proceedings, decree, and gale, under the mortgage, were they 'yalid, have not extinguished the rights of the cestuis que trust of Baum, they not having been made parties to the.suit. See 4th section of an act of the territory of Michigan, appreved April 12, 1827, page 204, directing the mode of.procedure in chancery; Gore v. "Stackpole, 1 Dow. Par. R. 1831; 3 Powell on Mortgages, 978 a, in note; Haines et al. v. Beach et al., 3 Johns. Ch. A. 459, Drap.er

JANUARY TERM, 1846.-

885

Oliver et al. v. Fiat.

v. The Earl of Clarendon, 2 Verp. 517; Go-dfrey'v. Chadwell,

2 Vern. 601; Moret" . Westiene, 2 Vern. 663; Hobert v. Abbot,

2 P. Wmq. 64a,';Tell v. Brown, 2 Bro. 276; Polk v. Clinton,

12 Yes. 48, 59; Thd Bishop of Winchester v. Beaver, 3-Yes. 314;

same v. Paine, 11 -Ves.19 and 198; Shannor v. Cox,3 Ch.R. 46; Xeedler v.Deeble, -1 Ch.Cases, 299; Monday v..Monday, 4 Ves.

and B. 223; Calvery v.Phelps et al., 6Mad. 229; MS. letter H, p. 9. 7. A part of the debt, to secure which the' I-iortgage was given,

was due from Oliver himself; only a part of the debt wrs at all justly

due by the company, as therents of the warehouse, as before stated,

should have been'deducted therefrom.

·If it were not intended by Baum and Oliver that the repurchase

of lots'1 and 2 should inure to the benefit of the Port Lawrence Company, then the following facts and circumstances furnish, addi-

tional evidence of a fiaudulent intention- '

8. Baum's letter to the commissioner o.the General Land Office,

dated January 20, 1827.

9. Oliver's negotiation -with the trustees of the University of:Mi-

chigan Territory.

10. The several acts of Congress above referred to, authorizing

the exchange of lands by the Univer~ity of Michigan Territory, with

Oliver, for lots 1 and 2, and tfie issuing of the patent to Oliver for

said tracts. 6 Laws U. S. 550. 0

11. The assignments by Baum "tbOliver of the original first cer-

tificates of purchase of the mortgage premises and the four quaiter-

sections. The procurement of those assignments did not better the':

condition of Oliver. See Freeman v.Barnes, and Dihton v.Green. ville 1 Vent. 82; Ibid. 239, and 1 Sid. 460; Focus.v. Salsbury,

Hard. 400; Bowlps'.v..Stewart, 1 Sho. & Lef.. 228; IKeneday V.

·J)aily, Ibid. 379; Lord Portsfhouth v.Vincent, cited in Lord Pon-

flet v.Wardson, 2 Yes. 476; Thynne -v.Carey,. W Jones, 416;

Kennoul v.Greeville, 1 Ch."Cas. 295; Bovey v.Smith, 18th'Dec., "1676; Salsbury v.Bagot, L6rt Not. MSS. .2, Swianst.. 610, and

MS. letter I, p. 12.

12. The contract betweeir Oliver, .Baum, and Williams.

13. The change of the name of the town -of Port Lawrence, -which

was established by the proprietors in 1817, to that- of Toledo, in

1835,. long subsequent to the death of Baum.'

14. The sale of shares, aid.town-lots, and tracts of-land, belong-

ing to the Port Lawrence Company, in violation .of the trud and

confidence reposed in hiia by the proprietors of that company. 15. The enormous amount of money recklessly and most injudi-

ciously expended, under the plea of improvements, without the an-.

thority or-concurrence of-the owners, viz., $42,813 41.

16. The pleas interposed by Oliver and Williams, in order to pre-

vent a disclosure of their frauds, and to bar the*propriebrs from as-

serting tefr rights.

VOL., I.--49

2 K

886

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

17. After theiendition 'of the interlocutory decree, when Oliver and Williams were compelled to render an account, the enormbus
and unconscionable demands made by them, before the master, for
compensation -for their' services in an abortive attempt to wrest. the property from its rightful owners, in order to swallow up the large amount of money in their hands belonging to their cestuis que trust, furnishes conclusive evidence of their Iaudulenf designs.
We have thus traced the course of Mr. Oliver from 1817, the time at which he became a member of the Port Lawrence Company, and was appointed'the agent to manage its concerns, and th6 course of M. T. -Williams from 1819, when he became a.proprietor in the Port Lawrence Company, down to a period subsequent to the exchange of lands made by Ollrer with the trustees of the University of Michigan'Territory,-for lots 1 and 2; and we therefore respectfully submit, that we have clearly established the position with which
we set out, namely, "that theettime lots 3 and 4 (except ten acres, part of lot 3. reserved) dnd the three- quarter-sections, in the bill named, were .transferred by William Oliver- to the trustees of the Michigan University, in exchange for lots 1 and 2, said Oliver wa ··tthhee ·cterstsutiese,guaen'tdruRstoboefrtthPeialtatntdhse'thoeigningaivl encominpleaxinchanant,geanfdoroltohtesrs1, sainxdty2a-c-roefs, tphe.rlttesnthaecrreeosfrseosledivteod,Prpeanrttisosf alnotd 3T-roofmlleoyts)-8o6f (eloxtce8p7t,

and the'.south-east quarter of section 3,'of township 3, l in thofe at the foot of the rapids of .te Miami
twelve-miles reservation Lake Erie.

At the time of the exchange, the parties stood related to each

other ag'follows : Oliver w~s the trustee and the Piatt. Company

were" the was also

cestuis gu irws. .the trustee, and

othf-ethPeorftouLrawquraenrtceer-sCecotmiopnasn, yanwderOelivteh'er

cestuis qui trust of lots 3, 4, 86 and 87, (except sixty acres, parts off86, sold to Prentiss and Tromley.)

II. 'When Oliver Michigan University

r(aencedivaesdsigcnomnveneytsanocfetshefroormiginthael

ftirrsutstceeerstiofifcatthees

from Bau, change for

and obtained a 'patenttherefor) of lots the- three qua er-sectiono3f land thich

1 and 2, belonged

in to

exthe

Piatt Compan nd for part of lots3 and 4 which belonged to the

Port Lawrence Company, he became in'rested with the legal title to

sCaoidmlpoatsnie1sa, nfdrom2, awshtormustteheeincotrnusisdtefroartimoanidgPivieantt afonrdsPaiodrtlLotaswr1enanced

-2 proceeded. 1. The relatio

inwhich Oliver stood connected with the Port

Lawrence Company, as an original proprietor, partner, and agent,

·many of the accounts and- claims ed- and. unsatisfied at the" time of

against which the exchange,

remained he could

unadjuastnot, con-

sistent iith the principles of equity,acquire property for his own

use, the btaining of whichwould defeat the very object of the

JAINUARY TERM, 1845.

387

.Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

original association. (See Tarkhurst v. Alexander, I Johns h. R. 394; Green v. Winter, 1 Johns. Ch. R. 26; Evertson -v. rappan, 5 Johns. R. 497; Halley v. Manlius; 7 Johns. Ch. R. 174;"Matiews v. Degaud, 3 Desaus. 28; Anderson v. Stark, Hen. & MWif.
245"; Hudson v. Hudson, '5 Munfi 180; M~slky's administrator v. Buck'and Brander, 3 Munf. 232; Buck and Brander v. Cope- -
land, Call. 218; Prevost v.Gratz, 1 Peters, 373,;- Hart v-. Tenyke, 2 Johns. Ch. R. 62, 104; White, v. Brown, 2 Car: Law R. 429; Howel v:Baker, 4 Johns. Ch. R. 118; McClenneghaM v. Henderson, 2 Marsh, 3M9; Van Home v&F. onda, 5 -Johns. Ch. R. 388;.. Holdridge v. Gillispee, 2 Johns. Ch. R. 30,252; Reyden v. Jondsi 1 Hawk. 497; Conway v. Greene, r Har. &Johns.'151; Mathews, 389; 2 Sim. & Stu. 49, 50; 1 Wils. Ch. "Cases, 1; 10 Ves. 428, 429; 6 Ves. 625; Lucas v. Mitchel, 3 Marshall, 244; Hon.. J. McLean's opinion in this case, and the authbrities cited by'him, p. 31; MS. letterE, p. "3, and letter G, p. 9.)
2. As the entire consideration given for lots 1 and 2 proceeded not from Oliver, but from the Port Lawrenct and Piatt Companies' a trust resulted to them in the lands tlius acquired -with their mleans. (See the authorities relatingy to resdlting trust§, and trusts arising by
operation of law, hereinbetore referred to, MS. letter D, p.-2.)
We have now, we submit, demonstrated the original complainant, Robert Piatt's, right to a decree against Oliver and 'Williams, for his just proportion of lots 1, 2, 86, 87, of the ten acres reserved, in 3, and the one quarter-section named in the bill remaining unsold; and for his just proportion of the moneys; &c., remaining un their hands, arising from the sales to others of part of the lots and.lands in ques-
tion. 3. M: T. Williams is not an' innocent bontz fide puch.ser. -He
is affected with notice at and, prior to, the respective periods in' which he received conveyances from .Oliver, of'portions of the lands in question, and .thdrefore holds -th same as trustee, for the uses
and purposes orignally designed. 1 Phillips's EvidenCe, 410,411;. Com. Dig. tit. -Evidence, b. 5; Plowd. 234, 430, 434; 2 Serg. & Rawle, 507; Gilbert's Evidence, 87; 1 Salk, 85; Marchioness of, Anantale tf Harris, 2 Peer Williams, 432; Shelby v. Wright,
Willis, 11; Com. Dig. tit. Estoppel, A, 2; MS. letter K, p. 16. 4. Oliver as agent, and Oliver and Williams as trustees, are
bound to account with and pay to the original: complainant, Robert Piatt, his just proportion of the money and-nofes *receivedby them on the sale of lots in Port Lawrence and Toledo and lands adjacent, and to convey to him his just proportion of the lots remaining un-
sold,

.Ewig,for appellants, in reply:and conclusion, divided his argument into differe t heads; and directed his attention chiefly'to the
facts in the case.

888

S-UPREME COURT.

-Oliver et a v. Piatt.

1. The agency of Oliver. This commenced on 14th August, 1817, by three papers of that date: '1. Power of attorney. - 2., Letter of-instructions. 3. Letter
.lixiting it to one year.
'The .account presented by Oliver to Baum, referred t-in the answer, is now a file in the cause, arid is also inserted in extenso, in the waster's "reporf. By this it appears, taking the date as our ,guide, that Oliver was paid his salary down to the 4th day of July, 1818. To this the sum allowed him also conforms. He enteredinto the service 6f,the company on'the 14tr of August4\1817. 13e Was allowed a sal6 of $1200 a'year. "Hewas paidoo settlement $1070, which would be the amount due him on the -day the item. bears date. The same, paper shows a full iettlbment and payment by hiin of all the funds in his hands, and a-balance overpaid by him was placed :to his credit on the private'books, of Baum, and passed by Baum to his own credit as against the company. All the papers rilating to this*settlement, which are referred to id the answer of Oliver, as delivered over to iBaum, are found.in bundle-A, of papers -accompanying 'the master's report,'numbered in blue ink from 374 to 382. Amona -them is an account of Baum with -the"Port Law-. .renceCompany, showing a final settlement with Oliver, and.charging separately to each bf the two rompanies-whose union constituted the Port Lawrence Company, its half of the amount found due to Maj. Oliver, and paid over by them to Baum. On a simple view of theie facts it s-difficult to perceive how it can be contended for a nioment that the "agency in Which OliVer was engaged in 1817, was a perdurable, continuiihg agency. It expIrea by its express limitation at the end of one year-.so says he answer of Oliver-so says the -letter of Baum; accompanying the power. The answer tates that before the year expired, inthe beginingof July, 1818, the agency was ended by mutual consent, the accounts of the agency' closed, axd all the -papers relative thereto surrendered. The file above- referred to, from Nos. 374 to 382, (original papers,) fhqws conclusively the-same fact. See Stoiy's Agency; 499. -
There was n6 agency.on the part of Oliver from July 4, 1817, until after the relinquishmeni't in Sei4tember, 1821, and this-will be considered- under'the seventh head..
2. Oliver a jhrtner. It is said by the other side that he.was a partnerr. But he sold out his shares in 1818 and 1819, ha4 both"hisvendees -yere acknow"ledged as.partners. At thetime ofthese sales, the partnership was not indebted. It is trte$he coiild not have exonerated himself from liability'to those persons'to whom lots- had leen' sold. H. was. bound to matke his contract.with them good. - But he was not a piarty to the relinquishment in 1821, and it-may be doubted whether he would have been liable in equityi td the other partners, for a debt preated by the relinquls.ament. . The funds obtained by it from the

JANUARY TERM, 184.

389

Oriver et'al. v. P-iatt.

Unfted States were applied to the payment for other lands, insteadof going to cancel the obligations outstanding to purchasers of lQts.
3. The nature of the partnership and the powers of Baum to arid at the time of-the relinquishment.
The company was a quaA .corporation, represented, by a head or committee. The books are full of such cases. When these associations are legal, they are recogqisea--both at law and in equity. One,is called in Vesey the "5fruit club, ' and .the -court said' that it was sufficient to make the-" committee" parties, and not necessary to include all the members of the club. So in. the Covent. Garden case. Baum had all the title, and in consequence, of his own eitens'vW powers, granted a. power*to Oliver. We must judge of Baum's powers by his acts. The certificate.s'were held by im.' It is said that this power" ceased when 1 and2 wbre relinquished. But at that .time- a latge debt .existed. Seveny-in covenants of
Baum were-all broken, and a debt of more thai $400 created at the instant of relinquishment, .The avails, amounting to $4817 55, were applied to othei lands, _and those lands ought to have been -placed in the haiidA of Baum as a security for his, liabilities. The partner-
ship was not over; the debti, had to be paid. The bill :says that Baum had no power to sell, but the answer asserts that he had, and this is confirmed by the-evidence.' Jn 1821, at the relinquishment.., Baum had the title. All covenahts were made by him hi his own name, or by Oliver -in the name of Banu ;. and these c6venants, such as the sale to Tromley and Prentiss,'were acquiesced in.: He wis liable for all the improvement§ on 1 and 2, and; it was natural" that the certificates for the lands which had been fully paid for, should be placed in his hands. The court below say that no debts existed; but this is an error. It is said that the, defendanfs (eiecept Oliver) admit that the transfer of the -certificates was made to Baumonly to enable him to perfect the title. This is admitted by one of the nominal defendants, but the active prosecutor, who l4as admitted $100,000 into his own pocket. It does not bind us. There
was no necessity for such a transfer~to enable Bium. tocomplete the title, (for the script was receivable for any lands within the district,) without reference to their being owvned by te -same man who.
held the script. -The only good reason that can be giyen is, that if was done to secure Baum. This claimwas-not madeutil he died. How does it happen that the title to the quarter-sections was sufferea
to remain in Baum fot fourteen years, -unless it had been place -ir his hands as security. Equity would have kept it there, if an effort had been made to take it away. The security was scarcely=sufficient, because .the lands had been bought at $2, and the piice of lailds reduce.d to $1 25 per acre, The interpretation which musL_.
be given to these acts of the parties concerned is, "'we mean to Tay y~u, but if we do not, there is an adequate fund; of course, the pro-
2 K2

390

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al v. Piatt.

perty was subject to sale by Baum io pay debts, and he had a right to pay a debt due to himself as well as one due to another person.
-4. Fraudulent combination between Baum and Oliver.
It is charged that as early as 1821 there was a plan laid by these two men to defr'aud the other members of the Port Lawrence Com-
pany of this property; and that such combination was carried on for six succeeding years, until 1828, when, at last,. thby got possession in the name of Oliver by virtue of a sale in chancery.
The cost of these tracts at the sale in 1817 was less than $1800;
their value from 182-2 to 1828 -was less than $1000. it is taxing the credulity of men greatly indeed to ask them to believe, that for the possession of -wild land such as this, so remote from his residence
and so little attractive as it then was, Baum would combine with Oliver or any one else, and by a long train of artifice and fraud,
continued and practised for a series of years, pursue this as the great.
and absorbing object of his life. But if the motive were adequate, and the~suppositioni not contra-
dicted by probability, the evidence in the case wholly repels .such a
conclusion. Baum was not the man who would engage in such a dishonest
combinatibn. He was not in a condition to do it, if he had been base enough for the purpose. His state of mind at the time was such as wholly precludes the idea. On these points there is abundant evidence, to some 6f which I will refer.
(Mr. Ewing here referred to various parts of the record.) It ap-
pears, then; that there we.re seventy-nine outstanding covenants by Baum, some as small as $1-5, some as large as $1000, but all vexatious. He was the only person troubled about them, and had been,
during all his previous life, a nervously punctual man. Some of the witnesses say, "1they feared for his intellect." . In this condition -he applied to Oliver, a young man whom -he had taken by the hand
and who was familiar with the subject. The first measure 6f relief wEs-to buy up the small'vexatious claims. Teni were bought up for $231. The people there all knew Oliver-he had been out in the north-western campaign. Baum paid these claims.: that'is the fraud;
and paid them through Oliver-: that isthe combination. Was it
wrong in Oliver to do this? His conduct is consisteiat with the best' as well as with the worst m6tives. Baum is now dead, and his sonin-law, to' whom his papers descended, now comes here to fasten fraud upon him. He wished to refund the money which Oliver had thus advanced, but not being able to do so, gave him a: certificate,
acknowledging the debt. 5. The certificate of_$213 07. The complainant, for the purpose of making out a case of fraudu-
lent concealment and sinister purpose upon the partof Major Oliver, avers, that though he, the complainant, lives, and lived at that time, on the Ohio river, within forty miles of Cincinnati, and was *eekly

JANUARY -TERM, 1845.

391

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

in the city, where Baum and the defendant resided, he never knew

any thing of the alleged indebtedness, until he.received a letter from

Major Oliver, sometime in 1823; and that this was all the knowledge he had upon the subject, for the order never was presented to

him to be paid or rejected, until suit was brought upon it, in at-

tachment, in Michigan.

In reply to these allegations, the defendant, Oliver, answers, and

" denies that there was any fraud or unfairness in said certificate for $213 07, dated September 10th, 1822, mentioned in the bill; and

-he says, that the same w~s justly due to him from the Piatt Com-

pany, for one-half the amount previously advanced by him, at the

request of Baum, to re-imburse purchasers of lots in Port La-wrence, for which an account was rendered to said Baum at the time, with

the vouchers therefor. This defendant has not in his possession the

means of re-statincr that account, but believes that the exhibit Q, attached to complanant's bill, contains a ttue statement of that matter, and that the item of 426 14 on the debit side of that account

shows'the lots for therefunding the purchase money of which said

certificate was given in part, being the half thereof, due from said

Piatt Company; and that said defendant repeatedly, at different

times, in 1822 and afterwards, -requested said complainant to refund to him the amount of-said certificate, which the said complainant always

avoided or 'refusea to do; and this respondent dis ncfly told the complainant, that he would attach said quarter-section to satisfy said

debt, unless it was otherwise-paid; and defendant repeatedly requested payment of the same both before and after his letter to com-

plainant.of February 3d, 1823, referred to in the bill, and even of-

fered to surrender up or rel6ase to said complainant said land after

he had acquired the title, if said complainant would pay said debt

of defendant."

This statement in the answer isresponsive to the bill, and there-

fore evidence in the case; it shows an early and repeated request on the part of Major Oliver to the complainant to pay him in behalf of

his company what was justly-due to him. It showis that the complainant evaded or glanced off every-attempt on the part of this cre-

ditor to converse with him about the matter, until at last Oliver felt

it was necessary to act, or submit to the loss of -what he had ad-

-vanced.

He, therefore, on the 3d of February, 1823, five months

after the date of the certificate, enclosed a letter to the complainant,

inw,hich he states to him the reasons why he incurred the liability,

and the fact that the one-half due by the Baum Company had been paid him. It is obvious from the letter, that he recognises the com-

plainant, since the death of J. H. Piatt, as the head of the Piatt

Company, and he requests him to use his influence with the admi-

noifstrhaetonrasmoefs JoofhthneHm. ePmiabtetrtsoopfatyhetheir proportion, and advise him Piatt Company as then existing,

and their ,several interests.

92~s

U P RE IME :C-O U RT,
Oliver et 4L v.-Piatt

In the argument in the court below' we-thought this accbunt could not be re-opened for examination.- Itwas a statement of a partnership account by the-acting partner, pammunicated. to call concerned,
and acquiesced in by'themn for twve -years; especially after the trustee was dead, and his papers w.ere iixthe'hinds of n interested
party; and more especially,, that those, who claimed ccliatrally, who ha no custody of 'these accounts 'ok power over them, ought not to be called upon, under such circumstances, to vouch the ac-
count or 'forfeit "their right. ' We thought that, explained or unexplained , the, account was binding on the parties, so fr as third persons were concerned. The learned judge held otherwise, and this
error, as we respectfully contend it is, cofmnbined: with importaht mistakes in point of fact, lies at the foundation of the decision below. (Mr. Bwing -here went into an elaborate examination of the record for the purpose of showing that the account'was correct.),
6. The mortgage. In the month o August, 1,823,'Oliver stated an -account of pay'ments made by himself and Baum for lots 223 and 224, and alsd an
e'act account, confirmed by original vouchers, bf all-the expenditures in improving the lots. Heicredits Baum with one-half the expenses, borne by himself, for which he had from time to time advanced inaoney to Oliver. He charges also what he had paid to
Benjamin-F. 8tickney for his advances andl'improvements ijpon his lot, is compiomised pending his suit,' and te whole .account, amounting to $1835 47i was presented -to.Baum for liquidation. ,Baum, bding without funds; of the company, and owing to his own pecuniary embarrassmdnts, which then pressed heavily 'pon him,
unable himself to advance any thing,:moitgaged the. property of the company which remined in his hands to Oliver, and by his circular of January 31st, 1824, informed the individual members of the company of what he had done and the state of their indebtedness, and
earnestly solicited'-theni to' make some provision or- put it in his power to provide. for the payment, sb that the property might be
made available to' cover their liabilities, which,'he assdires them, is
thh miost that can possibly be expected-. The other members of the company, who had placed Baum -inthe front-of difficulty and trouble,
turned -a deaf eat to his suggestions and remonstrances: they did
not even deign to answer his letter. The complainant, -ho resided but forty miles from Cincinnati, arid who was in the city weekly,did not even call to .examine'the account, to inquire into the state
of affairs, or speak asingle -word of cheering or encouragement to his partner and agent, who vas left to 'bear, himself, their accumu-
lated burden of misfortune and loss.
It seem to me that there was openness and"publicity enough upon the part of Baum in this and ll his other acts to secure even a man of doubtful character from the imputation of fraud, design, or concealment. And in the case of the morfgage-he had magnani.

JANU:A.RY -TPERM, IM4.

8931

Oliver*et a], v. "Piatt.

mouz cast out of the account all that applied to himself--his own payments to the company for the lots-his expenditures on their improvement, and contented himself *aswell as he could to.suffer the loss, so that those who had trusted to him, and relied upon his good faith, should come by no injury.
Proceedings upon this mortgage were not commenced by'Oliver until about twelve months after the money fell due. In the mean time, he avers in his answer, which, though-responsive to no special. allegation, is clearly so to the general scope and tenour of the bill;. that he used every effort to collect -this money of the parties, and especially,.that he repeatedly aplied for that purpose to the complainant. I do not however conceive this to be a matter of :great. importance. The indisputable fact is shown by the letter of Baum. to ,all the partners, in 1824, that they all knew that suph mortgagdhad been given to 1ay the debts of-the company, and that, if the money were not paid, ,the property would be proceeded against by the mortgaagee in due .course of law. There is, therefore, no ground to compWi of secrecyor concealment, and the question arises solely upon the legality of the~transfer, including the execution of the mortgage, the procdedings in chancery under it, the'decree, the purchase, and the final pssignmenf of the- certificates by Baum to Oliver after, the sale. These are questions of great importance, and merit a,
careful consideration. The right of Baum to sell and convey rests on two grounds: 1st. Because the property was personalty in his hands as acting.
partner.2d. As trustee of the real estate vested in him for the payment,
of debts.-
1st.. It was personalty.
It is-'objected, that the land in.this case cannot be consideted as personalty, on the authority of the case where land connected with a factory was drawn into question. But there the land was not the subject-matter of the trade. Portions of the freehold Jn'amine have been severed and sold. It is true, that in the case'before us there. was no 'authority to re-invest. But in:, pinciple, why should this make a difference? The land here was bought to. sell again, andpartnership debts were contracted. What gopd reason can. be given, why it should not- vest in 'the acting partner in the same ,manner as goods ?
Ad. But Baum was a trustee.
Having the title in himself, without any expressed 'estriction, he is presumed to hold it for all the purposes to which equity would' apply it,-and his act was confirmed by acquiescence in the sales to Prentiss and Tromley, and in this mortgage for twelve years. ' It is objected that an unreaonable amount. of property was mortgaged. But the debt was $1835 47, and the first cost of the tracts mort-
VOL. 111.-5O

·394

SUPREME COURT.

O-1-ver et al. v. Piamr.

gaged was $1679 14, -nd-their value had been reduced by the act of Congress reducing the price of public lands, to $1049 14; estimated in proportion. It was the duty of Baum to audit accounts and to sell and convey property to pay debts. A morgage by him, and a decree of 'foreclosure against him, are equivalent to his. deed of bargain and sale. We. hold that the sale under the mortgage gavy7to Oliver all the title of Baum, and a right to a patent. But if not, if there be any thing irregular or imperfect in the pursuit of our right, it is cured by the assignment of the certificates -and the patent. How stands the case? Oliver has the legal title, and he is called upon to surrender it. He has got it in payment of a debt, fairly, from a person having power to settle the debt and convey the land. But this 'trustee, so empowered, took two steps instead of one. He first nortgaged, then assigned. In law, his mere assignment is good enough. Can this difficulty a's to mode. affect us in equity? There is no reason why'this legal title'.so acquired, should be now disturbed. The complainant had full notice of the mortgage, and of the suit thereon: .He.stood by: suffered the suit upon the mortgage to proceed without coming in and making himself a party, as he might have done; suffered the sale to be made without objection; the certificates to be assigned and the patent to issue; suffered Oliver to enter upon the property, expend his time, and talents, and money, upon it; and we now claim that it is toolate for him to go into chancery. -3 Vesey, 170.
The complainant should have made his election without waiting for future developments. It is not a statutory bar that interposes,
but acquiescence. (Mr. Ewing here went into calculations to show the value of the
property then, and until 1832.) Up to the issuing of. the patents in 1830, the value of the pro-
perty did not change. Suppose this bill had been filed in 1832. No chancellor could have acted on the future use which Oliver might make of the property. But that further use, and the enhanced value of the property, blends itself everywhere with .the opinion of the court below, and is made to give a character to past
transactions.
1st. There is an impression that the tracts purchased under the mortgage and the attachment were of great value; but, according to the evidence, the whole property, at any time from 1822 to 1830, was not worth, in cash, $1200.
2d. In making Oliver's exchange with the Michigan University re-act upon and affect his purchase of the"other tracts.
3d. It fixes upon Oliver a knowledge, of the coningent future. The bill to foreclose and the attachment were in 1825, and it is supposed that Oliver's design in acquiring the other tracts was to repossess 1 and 2; but at that time 1 and 2 belonged to the United States, and there was no prospect that any thins but money would,

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

295

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

ever purchase them. The University did not select ufntil June 25th, 1827.
7. Oliver's agency after the relinquishment; At Baum's request he paid with his own money debts of tie Port Lawrence Company; and the vouchers show great accuracy and strict justice. Did this disable him from recovering the money so paid ?
8. Agreement to re-purchase.
The evideniee shows an intention on the part of Baum to repurchase, but there was no contract or -understanding to that effect. Nor does any evidence show how he proposed td carry out his clesign, whether with his own money or a fund raised by contribution.
9. Suppose Baum had purchased and paid his money, would the members of the Port Lawrence Company have been bound to contribute? or would any trust have resulted to them? or if Piatt had made te purchase, could Baum have held aiy part of the property? Neither of the parties ought to have purchased for the benefit of their old partners. There would have been absent persons, insolvent estate infants, femes covert, all to unite in, the expenses and incur the hazard of what counsel would have called a reckless and 'ektravagant expenditure to build up a city. The purchase required capacity, c6nsent, contribution, and also situation and ability; to join in its management. The negotiation with the United States entirely failed.
10. The exchange for 1 and 2, and resulting trust. It is contended that a trust results to the Port Lawrence Company
on two grounds: 1st. That the purchase was for Baum and his associates, who were
the Port Lawrence Company. This is charged in the bill and denied in.the answer ;, and the record shows that Oliver is sometimes spoken of, in the records of the university, as acting for himseff and sometimes for others. It was probably an error ,of Mr. Wing, and corrected by Oliver as soon as discovered.
2d. That a trust resulted, because the sale on the attachment passed no title to Oliver, and therefore the quarter-sections still belonged to the Piatt Company; and because the sale under the mortgage passed no title except that of Baum himself, therefore, with that exception; thb tracts 3 and 4 belonged to the Port Lawrence Company; and that Oliver having exchanged 3 and 4 and the quarter-sections for 1 and 2, a trust results therein to the Port Lawrence Company, and to
the Piatt Company. But a member of the Port Lawrence Company has joined with a
member of the Piatt Company, and filed this bill. That the part-. ners in the different companies happen to be the same individuals does not help the "ease;it is a joinder of different claims in the same bill, which becomes multifarious. If so, the difficulty lies deeper than, mete pleading ; for without such joincqer the party can-

396

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt

not present this multifarious case. No such case has ever been sustained. If there liad- been an agreement between these two colapanies that their land should be so exchanged, and they had vested
thetitle in Oliver for the purpose, the bill would lie. But there was no sich agreement, and no trust assumed on -the part of Oliver. He pirchased the two tracts of land at judicial sales, was in possession, claimed title, and made the exchange for himself. The, books, we believe, show no, case in which the separate funids of several-individuals can be followed into a joint investment, so as to
raise a trust ix the property. (See the authorities referred to by Mr, Stanberry.)
The vast enhancement of the value of the fund withvihich land 2 were purchased, by applying to it the labour and skill of Oliver - and Williams; the time, and efforts, and skill of Oliver, in bringing
about the exchahge, should be c6nsidered as a fund which helped' to pay for I and-2 as fully as so much cash. The property has'thus
been-made to be worth more than an hundred fold as ipuch as it was at the time pf the exchange. And this is all to be restored if the court hold both, or either of the parties claiming, to be entitled
to it. 11. Estoppel. Baum conveyed th lands included in the mortgage to Oliver,
with covenants -of warranty. Assets descended to his heirs, who are
estopped. Co. Litt. 325. 12. Williams is a bona fide purchaser without notice. (See this head discussed at the conclusion of Mr. Sanberrj's
argument.)

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the court.
This is the case of an appeal from the decree of the Circuit Court of the district of Ohio, sitting in equity,,--rendered in favour of the original plaintiff, and it is 'brought to this court by the original-defendants) who are uiow the appellants. The record is exceedingly.
'voluminous, and the facts and proceedings complicated and perplexed by a variety of details. A-general outline of the leading facts is given in the printed opinion of the court below, with which we have been favoured; and those facts cannot be more succinctly stated than they are in that summary-we shall therefore avail our-, §elves of it'upon the present occasion. It is as follows: "In the summer of 1817, the complainant, in connection with John H. Piatt William M. Worthington, and Gorham A. Worth, formed an association to purchase lands of the United States, at a public sale, which was shortly to take place at Wooster, in this state-ana the complainant was appointed the agent of the company, to attend the
.sale for that purpose. "Another association consisting of Martin Baum, Jesse Hunt,
Jacob Burnet, William C. Schenck, William Barr, William Oliver,

JANUARY -TERM, 184.

897

'Oliver et aL. v.Piatt

and Andrew Mack, was formed for the same object-and William
Oliver and William C. Schenck were appointed its agents to attend the sale.
"Before the sale-took place, it was discovered-that both compa-
nie- were desirous of purchasing the same tracts of land, and: the ag(.nts agreed that they Would purchase tracts 1,-2, 3, and 4, at, and including the mouth of Swan creek, in the United States reserv4 , at the foot of the rapids of the Miami; and also Nds. 86 and
87 onthe other side of the river, opposite ae mouth of Swan creek, for the joint benefit of both com anies; each company to have onehalf of the lands purchased, and to pay at the same rate. Nos. 86 and 87 were bid off by Oliver, and the certificates of purchase issued to hin. The other tracts were bid off by the complainant, and the certificates of purchase were issued in the names of ,the
association represented by him. "At the same sale, the complainant, in behalf of his company,
purchased the north-west quarter of section 2, township 3, the south-west quarter of-the same seetiorr, the north-west quarter of section 3, township 3, and also the south-east and south-west quarters of the -same section, in said reserve; and one-fourth of the purchase money on each tract being paid, "certificates of purchase were made out in the names of the company. And the -other agents purchased for their company, at the same sale, other tracts ofland.
"cOn the 'return of the agents to Cincinnati, their acts were ratified by both companies. One company was designated the Piatt Comnpany, the other the Baum Company; and the union of both, in regard fo the lands jointly.purchased, was called the Port Lawrence Company. The joint, or -Port Lawrence Company, having made their purchase with the view of laying out a town, to, be-called Port Lawrence, appointed Baum a. trustue, and authorized him to sell lots, and do other things in relation to his agency, for the benefit of the company.
"On the 14th August, 1817, Baum appointed Oliver his attorney, to sell lots in the town to be laid out, receive the money, and give certificates of sale, in the nature of title-bonds, to the purchasers; and he, in association with Wilam C. Schenk, was authiorized to lay out the town. Baum, and also the proprietors, gave - to Oliver f letter of instructions in relation to the plan of the town,
-the sale of the lots, &c. By the conditions of, sale, one-fourth of
the purchase money was to be paid down, and the residue in three equal annual payments.
"At the sale of lots,. the sum of $855 33 was receited by
Schenck, for which he was tc'be accountable to Baum. "At the sale, Oliver purchased lots 223 and 224, an-undivided
half of which he afterwards conveyed to Baum, and'they.erected: a warehouse and bther improvements 6n them.
2L

.398

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et a].-v. Piatt.

"In August, 1818, he sold one-half of his interest in the'Port
Lawrence Company to William Steele and William Lytle; and in March, 1819, he sold the residue of his interest to Micajah T. Williams, one of the defendants, and his partner Embre.
"By the reduction of the price of the public lands, and the pressure of the times, the Port Lawrence Company were under the necessity of relinquishing to.the United States tracts 1 and 2, having
agreed to pay for the same about $20,000; and of appropriating the money paid on, them to the payment in full of the residue of the tracts purchased' by them, and by the Baum and Piatt Companies
respectively.. In pursuance of this object, the five quarter-sections purchased by the Piatt Company were assigned .to Baum, the 17th
September, 1821 ; and on the same day, tracts numbered 1, 2, 86,
and 87, purchased in the name of the Piatt Company fbr the Port Lawrence Company; and also tracts 3 and 4; purchased by Oliver
for the same company, were assigned to Baum. It is alleged that these tracts had been previously assigned to Baum, of which there
is no evidince. "On the 27th September, 1821, Baum, through his agent, Mica-
jah T. Williams, one of the defendants, relinquished, to the United States, tracts 1 and 2. On these tracts there had been paid the
sum of $4817 55. $1372 34. of this sum were applied to com"plete the payments on tracts 3, 4, 86, and 87, the 'residue of the
tracts puirchased at the sale by the Port Lawrence Company. From
the relinquished tracts, there still remained $3445 21. Of this sum, one-half-belonged to the Piatt Company. $1248 were applied to complete the payment on the five quarter-sections, which left a .balance of $474 60 still due to the Piatt Company; but which was
.applied in payment of lands held by the Baum Company. , "After the relinquishment of the tracts on which the town had
been laid out, the purchasers of town lots claimed a return of the money paid by them, with interest, and also damages for their im-
proyements. " On the 10th September, 1822, Baum gave to OiWr a certifi-
cate, which stated there was due him, by the Port Lawrence Company, the sum of $213 02, -which lie refunded to purchasers of lots,
by the. request of thd company, 'it being the amount due cn the shares originally owned by John H. Piatt, Robert Piatt,. G. A.
Worth, and William M. Worthington.' "And' on the 27th August, 1823, Oliver having made out an
account against the Port Lawrence Company, for money paid by him to purchasers of lots, and services rendered as agent, Baum admitted his account, amounting to the sum of $1835 47; to secure the payment of which, Baum executed to him a mortgage on
tracts 3, 4, 86, and 87. The payment was to be made, with interest, on-or before the 1st of January, 1824.
"The 7th October, 1825 Oliver caused an attachment to be

JANUARY TERM, 1345.

399

Oliver.et al.t'. Piatt

issued by the clerk of Monroe county, in the.Michigan Territory, against Baum and the members of the Pia-t-Company, on the certificate of indebtment given by Baham. This attachment was&e-ied

on four of.the five quarter-sections owned by the Piatt Company,

and such proceedings -were had on the attachment, as to obtain an

order of sale of the property attached; three of the quarters were sold, by the auditors appointed, for the sure of $241 60, to Noble,

the agent of Oliver. Noble, shortly afterwards, conveyed these

tracts to his principal. . "1A bill to foreclose the mortgage given to Oliver was flied by

him in the Supreme Court of Michigan, the 13th of October, 1825.

And a final decree having been obtained, the mortgaged premises were sold, by-the assistant register of the. chancery cout, to Oliver,

the 1st September, 1828, for $618 .56.

"By the -act of 20th May, 1826, the secret'ry of the Treasury

was .authorized to select, for the bbiefit of the University of'the Michigan Territory, a certain number of' acres of the public' lands

within the territory, and he selectedf tracts I and 2, which had been

relinquished.

a

"In th6 summer of 1828, as appears from the report of the com-

mittee of the trustees of the university, Oliver, as the agent of Baum

and other., proposed to*exchange certain lands owned b Baum, in

the vicinity of Port Lawrefice, or any of the public lands subject to

entry, for tracts 1 and 2,-on -hiec. the town of Port Lawrence bad

been laid out. "A law of Cofigress was passed, guthorizing the exchange, the

13th January, 1830. Previous to this, Baume assigned to Oliver

-the, final certificates for tht tracts he purchased under the attach-

ment, and also under the . decree of foreciosure; and one of-the .qurter-sections levied oii by^the attchinent, but not sold under it,

m payment of the balance bf the judgment on the. attachment, which

enabled Oliver'to obtain patents for the samhe in-his own name.

And on his conveyng'to the university tradts numbered 3 and 4, except ten acres reserved of number 3, and the n'orth-west quarter

6f section 2, township 3, and' also the iiorth-west 'and south-west quarters of section 3,, township 3, he *received an assignment from

the university of their right to- tracts 1 and 2,'for which patents

were issued in the'name of Oliver.,

"After the exchange was effected, Baum, and the defendant Wil-

liams, each: p~rchased an interest of one-third in tracts I and 2, 86

and 87. After Baum's. death,- in 1832, Oliver purchased his inte-

rest from his heirs. And the 1st December, 1832, Oliver conveyed to Williams an undivided half of the ten acres reserved in number 3.-

.On thd 23d May,-.834, he conveyed to him an undi'ded half of tracts 89 and 87, except sixty acres which had been' sold to Prentias and Tromley; and 6n the - day of November, he conveyed to, him, ' one undivided half of lots I and 2, on which Port Lawrence

400

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt

was laid out, 't6gether 'with a like interest in all sales and improve-

ments thereunto belonging.'

-

"Oliver, Baum, and Williams, agreed to lay out the town of

Toledo on the site of Port Lawrence, and 'o mike titles to.the Port

Lawrence purchasers of lots, on their complying with their con-

tracts.

"Some years after this, Oliver purchased from the Michigar

University the tracts of land hd conveyed to it in exchange foi

tracts 1 and. 2.

"Of the Piatt Company, John IL Piatt'is deceased, and hjs ad-

ministrators and heirs are made parties to this suit. William M.

Worthington assigned' one-half his ipterest in the Port Lawrence

Company, and it is claimed and represented by John E.Worthing-'

t6n. The interest of Worth has been assigned to the defendant

Ewing, who also claims the entire interest of Baum, Mack, Barr,

Burnet, and half the interest of the complainant.

"Of the Baum Company, Martin Baum,-Jesse Hunt, William C.

Schenck, and:William Barr, are deceased."

'Such is a general outline of the leading facts.. There are others which may be required to be 'adverted to in the progress of this

opinion ; but. there are many details which must necessarily be passed over in silence, as they would tend to bmbarrass the aiscus-

sion of the main questions in the cause, and obscure rather- than

illustrate .the merits thereof.

The object of the bill is to subject .the tracts No. 1 and No. 2,

now constituting the site of the.town of Toledo, formerly known as

Port Lawrence, to the rights of the Port Lawrence Company, com-

posed, as we have seen, of the Piatt Company and the Baum Company, and those who, claim uinder them, now in the pbssession. of

Oliver and Williams, under a title- derived from the grant of .the

Michigan University, upon the ground that a trustdhas attadhed to

those tracts in favour of the Patt and Port Lawrence Companies,

under the circumstances which will be presently stated. These circumstances are, that the lands givei in exchange to the Michigan

University, for tracts No. 1.and No. 2, under the negotiation with

the university, were, at the time, the.property of the Piatt an d Port

Lawrence Companies, as cestuis que trust thereof; that the facts were

at the 'time well known to Baunfi, and Oliver, and Williams, and consequently that the trust by operation of law attached thereto in

the hands of those parties. TO this, conclusion several %objections

have been taken by the. counsel for the appellants. In the first

place, that.no such trust attached to thq lands so given in exchange

'to the Michigan Ufiiveisity,-at the time of the transfer, and coiseqienly.none to tract&Nos. 1 and 2, taken in the exchange. In tiue

.second lace, that if it did, as Oliver afterwards repurchased the exchanged lands from tb. university, and Oliver and Williams under

him now hold some parts thereof, the ttist is revived, and has re-

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

401

Oliver et al. v. P-iatL--

attached to, these lands, and-thus -has displaced any supposed trust .upon tracts No. 1 and No. 2, at least pro tanto. In the'next place, that Oliver and Williams are purchasers without notice of the trust, or of any 4aisapplication of the trust property by the trustee.
Before proceeding to'the considerations applibable to the first and' third points, it may be well to dispose of that which grows out of the second point, as it involves a most important principle in equity jurisprudence. It is a clearly established principle in that jurisprudence, that whenever the trustee has been guilty of a breach of the trust, and has transferred the-propery, by sale or otherwise, to any third person, the cestui que-tnsst-has-a-full right to follow such property into the hands of such third person, unles§"he stands in the. .predicament of a bona fide purchaser, for a valuable consideration,

without notice. And if the trustee has invested thd trust property-, or its proceeds, in any pther property into which it can be distinctly traced, the cestui que trust has his eliction either to follow the'same" into the new investment, or to hold the trustee personallyliable for the breach of the trust. This right or ,6ption of the cestui que trust is one which' positively and exclusively-belongsto him, and it is not in the power of the trustee to deprive him of it by any subsequent repurchase of the trust property, although in the latter case the cestui que trust may, if he pleases, avail hiself of his own right,

and take back and hold the trust'Property upon the -original trust;

but he'is not c6mlpellable-zo-to -do. The reason is,.that this would,

enable the trustee to avail himself of his-own wrong; and if he had

made a profitable -'investment of*the trust fund, to appropriate the

profit to his ownibenefit, and by a repurchase, of the trust fund to

charge the loss or deterioration in value, if any such there had.been,

in the mean tfme, tW the account of the cestui que trust-whereas the

rule in equity is, that all.the gain made by the trustee,*by a wrongful

appropriation of the trust fuhd, shall go t9 the cestui que trust, and

all the losses shall be borne.by the trustee himself. The option, in

such case, to take the new or the original fund is, therefore, (as has

-been already suggeste&,) exclusively given to the catui que trust,

and is given-to huh-for the wisest purposes -nd upon the soundest

public policy. It is to 'id in'the maintenance of right and iii the

suppression of meditated wrong. Many cases on this subject will

be found collected in -the elementary writers. (See 2 Sugden on

Vendors, chap. 14, sect. , p. 148, &c., 9th edii.; 2 Story Eq. Jurisp.

sect. 1258 to mect. 1265, 3d edit.; Com. Dig. Chancer, 4W. 25, to

4W. 28;) aid the rule will be found fully discussed and recognised

in Ryall v. Ryall, 1 Atk. 59 ; Lane v. Dighton,' AmbIer, 409 ; Lench

v. Lench, 10 Ves., 511 ; and Docker v.Somes, 2 Mylne &Keen, 655;

in many of its important bearings. Lord :Ellenborough, in the case

of Taylor v. Plumer, 3 Maule &Selw. 562, examined and confirmed

the doctrine in its application to cases at law, and cited and approved

the decisions in equity; so that it is plain upon authority, and the

VOL. 111.-51

2 L2

4M

SUPREMECOURT

Oliver et al. v. PiatL

same w6uld be'equally true upon principle, that if the tracts Nos and 2 were purchased with the trust, fund belonging to the Piatt a Port Lawrence Coipbanies, the latter are at full liberty to follow the same into the haud§ of any persons not being bona fide purchasers
for a valuable- consideration without notice, and the circumstance that there has since been a repurihase of the original trust property
by Oliver, does not in any manner affect, -or control, or vary, the right or-option of the cestuis-ue "trust. The case is not like thaf put at the bar, where a part of the funds ofthe cestuis gue trusthave been mixed up with other funds exclusively belonging to the trustee ' in the new purchase or inveatment. In'such a case there may be ground to 'hIl"the trust funds in charge pro tanto therein. Here, thewhole conideration of th6 purchase was a fund wholly and exclusively belonging to the cestuis que trust, if they have made out
any title at all; which we shall hereafter consider. Let iis then proceed to the cotisideration of the other' questions
above stated. And the firft is, Whether at the time of the exchange -ith the Michigan Univerisityte lands given in exchange for tracts Nos. 1 and 2, were; in the hands ofthe party, or parties makingthat exchange, affected with any trust such as has- been already sug-
'gested? And this leids us to the %onsideration of the antecedent state of facts between the parties to this record.
We have seen that the -original urchase of tracts Nos. 1, 2, 3, aild 4, and Ns. 86 and 81, was made for the account and benefit of-the Port Lawrence Company; and the object of -the purchase was to lay out a town thereon, and to sell the lots to purchasefs. Baum wasappointed a trustee. and- agent for this purpose, and he was to-make sale of the lots and conduct the other affairs of the agency. With the consent 'of the company, in August, 1817, he eir.ployed Oliver as a sub-agent, wh6 received instructions from the company in relation to-the plart of the town (whikh he wasto lay out in conjimction-with Win. C. Schenck) and the sale of the lots. This agency of Oliver, under Baum, was originally (as it should seem),Aimited to-one year, bu- it- a. certainly continued, if not for all, at least for some piurposes, to a much later period. In August, 18189; Oliver soldoDne-half of.his interest in the Port Lawrence Company to Steele pns.Lytle, arId in March, 1819, he sold the residue to the defendant Williams, and his pa tne'rlmbre. And these facts are most important to beborne in mind, since they clearly establish that Oliver, as anoriginal 'prprietoi "and Williams, as a derivafive
proprietor, under Oliveri in. the'Port L rence Cdmpany, had full
and complete notice of thenaiture ark -objects of the original purchase by. that company, and of the trust and..agency of Ba m in accomplishig t.se objecs. In truth, the laying out of a town on those tracts 'and the sale of-the lots, seems to have been an enterprise always cherished by some of the c6mpany-with .uncommon solicithde and sanguine expectations of profit-

IANUARY. TERM, 1845.:

403

Oli~ver et aL v. .Piatt.

In consequence of the reduction dfthe price of the public lqnds
by Congress, and the pressure of the times, die Port Lawrence Company found themselves compelled, in 1821, to-relinquish a part. of their tracts to the government. For this purpose they assigned all th'e four tracts to Baum, in September, 1821 ;'and the Piatt Company at the same time assigned toBaum their five quarter-sections; and he, through the defendant, Williams, thereupon relinquished tracts Nos. 1 and 2, to the United States, and the return purchase money was applied pro tanto to complete the payments due on the other tracts, (Nos. 3 and 4 and Nos. 86 and 87,) and l.e residue was applied partly to pay.we balance "dfe on the five .quaiter-sections, purchased by the Piatt Company, and partly to pay a balance due on other lands purchased by the Baum Company.
Pausing here, for a moment, it is apparent that the original trust created in.tracts Nos., and 2, under the agehcy and assignment to Baum, for the benefit of the Port Lawrence Company, was, -by this relinquishment to the government, entirely displaced and extinguished. Thdse tracts afterwards, in the summer of 1828, under the act of 20th of May, 1826; were selectdd by the' secretary of the Treasury for the Michigan University, and certainly came into the possession of the latter discharged of the trust.- Still, however, it' is' obvious from the papers in the cause, that in the intermediate time between thd relinquishment of these tracts and fhe grant thereof to the university, the original plan of establishing a town on the site, " remained a favourite project of Baum asragent of the Port Lawrence
Company, and he made strenuous efforts by applications to Congress, and to the General Land-office, to reacquire the title theieof, not for himself alone, but, as his applications and letters show, on behalf of himself and his associates. He constantly held himself out -as. acting for the benefit of the concern; and there is every reason to suppose, that some, if not all, of his associates were lulled into security, and contemplated, if he should be successful, to resume the
original plan. This may serv6 in some measure to -explain their inactivity, and to show that they continued to place unlimited-confidence m Baum, that all his proceedings would be'for their benefit, and not for his own sole advantao-e. Baum petitioned Congress on the subject 5.s early as January, 1922, andin his letter to Mr. Brown, (a senator in Congress,) of the 25th of Debember, 1822, enclosing
a duplicate of his petition, he says: "Enclosed is the petition signed by myself only, still others have an interest in it;" and he ,names in the letter, and its postscript, Williams, Pliatt, and others. In another letter to the same senator, dated the 6th of February, 1823, he says: "The trants purchased by myself and associates in that quarter; those retained and relinquished can be ascertained in the Land-office." In' another letter addressed to thie commissioner of the General Land-office, as late' as the 27th of-July, 1827, he
says: "In consequence of the President's proclamation, announcing"

404

SUPREME -COURT.

Oliver-et al. v. Piatt.

the sales of lands, I attended, at Delaware, on the 9th instant, but was much disappointed to find there instructions of the General Land-office, to withhold from sale all lands situate north of the line which divided. the state of Ohio and the Michigan Territory, for I went there for the express purpose of repurchasing tracts Nos. 1
and 2, in the Maumee reservation, which I-formerly owned and which I have relinquished." He adds-." "These lands, though bouglt in sundry persons' names, were afterw ards transferred to me as agent for the purpose of managing nd conveying them in case bf -sales." In the same letter he protests against the trustees of the Michigan University having a grant of these tracts, asithey have no claim-to the same; and that he has a §trong claim upon the government."
To repel the inferences deducible from these facts, it is said, that the testimony of Carneal establishes that Piatt attended that very sale at Delaware for-the purpose of buying these tracts, not for tlhe Port Lawrence Company, but for another company consisting of Colston, Carneal, and"himself; and that Baum also atteinded on his own account, and not for the Port Lawrence Company. Of transactions of this nature, after such a lapse of time, it isperhaps not easy to ascertain all the facts which then regulated the conduct of
the parties, when they depehd upon- the frail recollections of witnesses. It is quite possible that the circunstances might have been explained, and nothing have been intended by either party really injurious to the interests of the Port'Lawrence Company. But as no sale took place of these tracts upon that occasion. the only effect which can be properly attributed to the testimony, admitting it in its fullest latitude, is, that it weakens -our confidence in Piatt's own conduct, and diminishes the force of the infereiiee as to Baum's then acting as an agent for the Port Lawrence Company. But the written statements of Baum in the letters above cited are evidence of his intentidns and acts, of a far Eigher character, which the lapse of time has not obscured or varied, and those letters are, as to himself, most conclusive-tg show, that he did not deem himself as acting for
his own interest alone, but for that of his associates also, in his whole proceedings to re-acquire those tracts.
As soon as the-Michigan -University had obtained a tite to tracts Nos. 1 and 2, (in the summer of 1828,) Oliver, avowedly on behalf, of Baum, made an applicatioh to the trustees of that university for an exchange of those tracts for -.ther tracts in the vicinity. These
negotiations were begun as 'early as the 12th of August, 1828, and various propositions were made and negotiations were had by the
tristees and-Oliver, as agent of Bavm, between that time and the
4th of January, 1831, when the consent of Congress having been
obtained for the exchange, by an act approved on the i3th of Janu-
ary,-183O, the -university agreed to'.make the exchange; and ac7-
cordingly, by their deed, dated the 7th day of February, 1830, did

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

405

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

convey their right and title to tracts Nos. 1 and 2 to Oliver in fee.

simple, in consideration of receiving a deed from Oliver of certain

tracts, containing seven hundred and sixty-seven and ahalf acres,

viz. : the whole of tracts Nos. 3 and 4, the' south-west quarter of

section 2, and the west half of section 3; the tracts being part of

the purchase of the Port Lawrence Company, and the quarter and

half sections being part of the purchase of the Piatt Company, in

1817. We thus trace the trust property home to the Michigan'Uni-

versity, as obtained by a conveyance from and under Baum and

Oliver in pursuance of a negotiation, avowedly made by Oliver on

behalf and as agent of Baum, as the sole consideration of the grant

of Nos. 1 and 2 to Oliver by the university.

And this conducts us to the consideration of that which is the

main hinge on which .the -present casc i ,rii that is, whether' the

tracts, so conveyed by Oliver 'to the univers'ity'Were at the time af-

fected with the trust in favour of the Piatt and Port Lawrence Com-

panmes, with which they were originally chargeable-in the hands of

Baum. his necessarily involves a review 'of the title of Oliver to

tht tracts (the three quarter-sections) belonging t6 the Piatt Com-

pany i)nder the attachment proceedings Mlichigan, and also of his

title under the mortgage of tracts Nos. 3 and 4, and Nos. 86 and

87, belonging to theort Lawrence Company, and. the foreclosure

thereof,---* connection with the subsequent acts of Baum and Oliver

in the prelnises. Unless the* title thus derived is beyond all legal

exception (omni exciptione major),as an adverse and unimpeachable

title, it is plain, that the original trust attached at the time of the

exchange to the tracts so conveyed, and consequently (as has been

already suggested) it was, at the option of the cestuisque trust,trans-

ferable and transferred to tracts Nos. 1'and 2. For it is in our-

judgment beyond all question, that Oliver at the time of the ex-.

change had full notice of the trust thanedexticthleanogreigtianrally inevedseteemd eidn

Baum, and tha hi acts in making

the acts of Bam, and affected by the same considerations as if per-

sonally transacted by Bam himself, and were designd by mutual

coAnsnedn,t tfoirspt,rolmeto. tuesthrevcieowntetmheplaptreodceoebdjiencgtss and interests of both.

under the attachment.

Tn September, a debt of $213

1822, Baum 02 was due

gave a certificate to him fromthe

to Oliver, stating that Po Lawrence Coi-

pcaonmypafnoyr . m"oitnebyeirnegfutnhdeedamtooupnutrcdhuaeseorns tohfelosthsa.raetsthoerigreinqaulelsyt.oowf'nTehde

by John H. Piatt, Rob~ert Piatt, G. A. Worth, and Win. M. Worth-

ingt'on." These persons constitutd the Piatt Company; arid con-

ahssvrn2d1e3bt 0o.n sequently the claim

thus

,as to im frmd. thoe Pranc Comasserted was a stib-division of a debt con-

fCesosmedplaynyduheadfraommothieetyP~oofrst thLeawinretenrceest,Coonmlyp. anyW, hinethwehricBhauthme Phaiadt,t

in virtue of his general agency, the right to give such a certiuicate,

s t.

o atb b

o

406

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et a]. v. Piatt.

pany alone, without their, consent, and .whether this certificate was bona fide given un'der justifiable circumstances, it is unnecessary to consider, although the transaction is certainly open to some observation in-point of- authority as well as propriety in the then unliquidated concerns of the Port Lawrence Company. Assuming, however, the transaction to have.b~en perfectly. correct and binding in all respects, let us examine the subsequent proceedings consequent thereon. Upon this -certificate Oliver, in October, 1823, instituted a suit by attachmeft in Monroe county, in the territory of Michigan, against Baum, Robert Piatte G. A. Worth, and William Worthington, (John H. Piatt beinsg then deceased,) alleoing them to be joint
partnels and survivors, and all residing out o the territory-upon which four of the quarter-sections of lartd owned by the Piatt Comptany in that county were aached At the October term, 1826, of he samrcaourt, judgment-was obtained by default against all the defendants, no appearance having been entered for them; and upon the execution issuing thereon, three of the four sections (those which were ifterwards conveyedto the Michi.an University) were sold, and bid off by an agent of Oliver,'and were afterwards coaveyed by him to Oliver. Of this suit there is no pretence to say, that any of the defendants, except Baum, had any notice, if indeed he had any, although some of them resided in the same state where Oliver resided,' aid one ofthem in a neighbouring state, ,atno great distance, who was known to be a man.of large property. The other members of the Port Lawrenice Company were not made parties to the suit. It was brought in a distant territory, almost then a wilderness, more than two hundred miles from the residence of the defendants; and if it had been the design of Oliver to p.rocure a judgment against the parties, without any'notice to them7 which should be obligatory upon them, and to give Oliver a good tiffe to the lands at a comparatively trivial' price, better means could scarcely have been#devised to ac'omplish'the purpose. For the institution and consummation of this suit behind the backs and without the knowledge of the parties in interest, nct better excuise can now be found.than that Oliver did not choose to institute a suit against them at home, as it might give them offence and break up some former ties of acquaintance. How far
'suchan excuse is admissible we do not stop to inquire. It rather tends to cast a shade upon.the transaction fhan to vindicate it:But what was the title thu.s acquired, suppo in all the proceedings.to be b.ona fide!? It was .amere naked title in equity to the 'tracts, the title to whicb still remained int'he United States; and the legal title could not be consuminated, unless the .certificates -of the purchase and. payidints for- the tracts were first surrendered to the United States. Those certificates were then in the hands of Baum, as trustee of the Piatt Company.; and he had no right under the circumsta-ices- to assign or surrender those certificates to Oliver to euable him to make his title available at law, without the. express consent

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

407

Oliver et al. v..Piat.

of the Piatt Company. If hb ilad refused, Oliver could not have obtained them, unless upon a bill in equity to which all the proprietors should' be made parties, and in which they would have been at full liberty to examine into the validity and merits of the original
claim of Oliver, on whiclh his attachment was founded, and also into the regularity and bona fides of the ti-ansactions in' and under' the suit.. Yet Bau, in December, 1828, assigned and surrendered up
these certificates to Oliver, and thus enabled him to consummate his title and reduce it to a legal title, by obtaining a patent, without any such consent; and in so doing he was guilty of a manifest breach
of trust, of which Oliver cannot now be permitted to pretend ignorance. It is also a fact of no small significance, that the surrender of these certificates was contemporaneous with the surrender to Oliver of the certificates of tracts Nos. 3 and 4; and subsequently, in December, 1829, a like surrender of Nos. 86 and 87, belonging to the Port Lawrence Company) under'the foreclosure of the mortgage, which we shall have occasion to review; and that all this was done pending the negotiations with the Michigan University by Oliver on
behalf of Baum for the exchange. This view of the matter .releases us from no small doubt and dif-
ficulty -in relation to an argument pressed at the bar with great earnestness; and that is, whether such an equity was attachable and vendible under the attachment. law of Michigan. There is great
difficulty in maintaining the affirmative, for the reasons stated in the opinion of the learned judge in the court below; and especially if, as has been suggested, the act is but a transcript of an act of New Jersey, and the courts of that state have, as has been asserted at the. .bar, held no such equity attachable.
Then, as to the mortgage and the proceedings under it. The
mortgage was given upon tracts Nos. 3 and 4, and Nos. 86 and 87, by Baum to Oliver, in August, 1823, upon an account then adjusted between him and Oliver against the Port Lawrence Company (and' which does not appear ever to have been examined or sanctioned, by the company itself) for a balance of $1835 47, then supposed tb be due to him for money paid and servics rendered by him as agent. of the company. In October, 1825, a bill was filed in the Supreme
Court ofMichigan (within which these tracts were situate) to foreclose the mortgage; and such proceedings were had upon this suit, that, in September, 1828, the tracts were sold, and at the sale bought by Oliver for the sum of $618 56, and a deed of conveyance thereof was, accordingly made to him. To this suit Baua.alone was made a party; none of-the other propribtors of the Port Lawrence Company being made parties, although Oliver knew perfectly well who they were, and that Baum was merely their trustee, and that' they were the cestuii ge trust, possesing the beneficial interest in the premises. Under such circumstances, to allow the foreclosure to stand, so as to conclude the rights of the cestuis que trust, would be a violation of

408

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et aL v. Piatt.

all the doctrines of courts of equity upon this subject. The decree must be treated, as to them, as wholly inoperative and void.
But there is another view of the matter, which is conclusive. The
mortgage was of a mere equity, the legal title being still outstanding in the United States; and sipposing that this equity could have been
foreclosed in such a suit, (which, considering the defect of the real parties in interest, it clearly could not,) still it was a naked equity, which could be made available to obtain a legal title from the United
States, only by an assignment and surrender of the certificates of the purchase and -payments, then held by Baum for the benefit and use of the Port Lawrence Company. And here, again, the same considerations apply, which have been already suggested. Oliver could not obtain an assignment and surrender of those certificates, except
by a bill in equity against Baum, to which the other proprietors in the Port Lawrence Company must have been made parties, as they
-werenecessary parties; and thus the whole merit of the mortgage and foreclosure must have been brought directly before the court for adjudicatioi. Yet Baum, without any consultation with.or assent of those
proprietors, assigned and surrendered the certificates of those tracts also to Oliver, and thus enabled him to obtain a patent therefor from the United States, in subversion of their rights and his duty. This was a gross breach of trust, and was done (let it be repeated) in De-
cember, 1828 and 1829, pending the negotiations with the Michigan University, obviously for the purpose of enabling Oliver in his, Baum's,-name, and on his behalf, to consummate the exchange. And, ftnmlly, when the neg'otiation was consummated by means' of these very certificates, Oliver, with the consent of 'Baum, was enabled to -obtain a patent therefor, on the 4th of March, 1831.
Very soon after the patent was so-obtainea, viz., on the 16th of May, 1831, we find that Baum, Oliver, and Williams, entered into
a written agreement, by which Oliver purported to sellin fee-pimple, to Baum and Williams, each one-third part of the tracts Nos. 1 and 2, and Nos. 86 and &7, -ith the exception of sixty acres out of No.
86; and they were to receive a quit-claim deed therefor from hiin accordingly, for the sum of $1555 for each third part.' The parties farther agreed to lay out a town upon the cld site, with some change
of the plan, and to bring the lots into the market for sale; and they were to contribute to the charges and expenses according to their respective interests. After the death of Baum, Oliver purchased his share of the tracts from his heirs; and by certain deeds of quit-claim, executed in December, 1832, in May, 1834, and in November, "1834, Oliver conveyed one-half of the premises to Williams.
Now, looking at these transactions together, it sems almost im-possible to escape from the conclusion, that Baum and Oliver had a mutual interest in the negotiation with the Michigan University; that it was not only carried on in the name of Baum, and apparently for his account but that Oliver acted as his agent thrQughout; that the.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

409

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

deed from the University was made directly to Oliver, with the con-

sent of Baum; that the assignment and surrender of all the certifi-

cates byBaum, to Oliver, was for the express purpose of enablig Oliver to complete the bargain with the university; and that the

agreement between Baum, Oliver, and Williams, which followed almost immediately upon the grant of the patent,. was made in pursu-

ance of a prior understanding. between all the parties, and was but

a cohsummation-of the objects originally contemplated by Baum and

Oliver, from the period of their first negotiation with the University

down to the time of the execution of that agreement. And all this was done by Baum and Oliver, without the kmowledge, or Qoiisent,

or approbation, of the Piatt and Port Lawrence Companies, and was

never sanctioned by them. Under such circumstances, what-is the true duty of a court of equity? It is, to'hold the parties engaged in these transactions, with full notice of the title and the trust in Baum, bound by that trust, and to enforce that trust against the tracts Nos. 1 and 2, so far as they remain in their hands unaffected by the rights

of purchasers under them, *bonafide for a valuable consideration,-

without notice. In our judgment, no reasoning can make the proposition more 'clear than a simple recital of the facts, and the state-. ment of the general doctrine of equity jurisprudence that the cestuis que trust have an option to follow their property, or its proceeds, into any other property'into which it has been converted by a breach of the trust, stbject only to the rights of such purchasers as have been just referred to. Indeed, the question, as against Baum and Oliver, seems absolutely closed by the state of the evidence; and their intimate knowledge of the whole concern requires neither-illustration nor

commentary. Let us, then, proceed fo the consideration of the case as to Wil-
liams. It is said that he stands inth predicament of a bonafide purchaser for a valuable consideration, without notice; and if he does, he is certainly entitled to protection. Williams, in his answer, asserts himself to be such a purchaser, but it is difficult to maintain that averment in its just legal sense, looking to all the circunistances

of the.case. In 1819, he ecame a purchaser of one-half of the interest of Oliver in the Port Lawrence Company, and, as such, he could not fail to know that-tracts Nos. 1 and 2, 3 and 4, and Nos. 86 and 87, belonged to that company; and he has never ceased to be a member -of that company. In 1821, he was employed by Baum, the acknowledged trustee and agent of the company, to surrender tracts Nos. I and 2 to the government of the United States; and through him the relinquishment tbok place. He says that he did not know of the negotiation between Oliver and the University, for an exchange of the lands, unfil after its consummation, and never heard of the dTetails of said negotiations, nor what lands were given in exchange, except parts of tracts Nos. 3 and 4. Now, these very tracts belonged to the Port Lawrence Company, so that he was ne-

VOL. IH.-52

2 M

410

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt

-cessarily-put upon the inquiry by what means Baum had parted, with
them, and Oliver had become possessed of them. Besides, in his negotfation and surrender of tracts Nos. -1 and 2 to Ihe government,
and the apportionment of the funds arising from the*relinquished lands, first to the'remaining lands of the Port.Lawrence Company,
and then to the lands respectively purchased by the Piatt and Baum Companies, be necessarily became acquainted with the relative interests of all these companies therein. The origin and title of the
Michiga.n University to the tracts Nos. 1 and 2, and the exchange thereof with Oliver, were matters of public notoriety, and proclaimed .in the acts of Congress under which the exchange was- made. The
deed from the University to Oliver xecited the material facts respecting the lands- given in exchange, and referred to the records of the
antecedent negotiations; and the patent itself, from the government, of tracts Nos. 1 and 2, referred to the deed of Olivei to the University, of the larids given in exchange; so that it is most manifest
that Williams, as a proprietor in the Port Lawrence Company, and as agent, thereof in the relinquishment above referred to, and as a
purchaser under Oliver, not only hadthe mostample mezns of knqwing the-nature and character and: extent of the title of Oliver to the 'lands under consideration, but he"was positively put upon inquiry
in relation to the whole matter. If, under sudh circumstances, he chose to remain in indolent ignorance or indifference to the .title, it
was a voluntary ignorance and indifference, whinh ought not to be permitted. to avail him against the rights of the cestuis que trus. If we add to this the fact that Within two months after the patent was obtained by Oliver, he and Baum united in an agreement with Oliver, by which each was to lake a-tbiral part in the tracts Nos. 1 and 2, and Nos. 86 and 87, (tese tracts rfver having been relinquished by
the Port Lawrence Company to the government,) to be laid-out as a towfi, and the lots sold on joint account, it would seem almost in-
6redible that he should not have made some inquiries on-the subject. And the' only reasonable conclusion setms to be,that he. was in as full possession of all the facts as-were his partners Oliver and Baum. Another signiificant circumstance is,. that this very agreement contained a stipulation that Oliver she'ild" give a quit-claim deed: only
for the tracts; and the subsequent deeds given by Oliver to-himaccordingly were drawn up without any covenants of warranty, except against persons claiming under Oliver; or his heirs and assigns. -In egal effect, therefore, they did convey no more than Oliver's right,
title, and interest, in the property; and under such circumstances, itisdifficult to conceive how he can claim protection .asa Ibnafide purchaser, for a valuable consideration, without notice, a ainst any title paramofint to that of Oliver, which attached itself as an uneX-
tingu.shed trust to the tracts. nd here, in our judgment, the merits'of the case would seem to
be brought to a close. , But certain objections have been.made to

JANUtTARt TERM, 1845.

411

Oliver et al. v. Piatt

the right of the plaintiff to maintain the bill upon other collateral grounds. In the court belowan objection -was taken, by way of
plea, that the original agreement of-the Piatt and Baum'companies, in regard to the puichases of these tracts at the -public sale in 1817, was an illegal combination in fraud of the rights of the United States, and therefore it makes the whole purchase'an utter -nullity. This objection was fully answered iii the opinion of the Circuit Court, in which, on this point,'we fully concur. It has been abandoned by
the learned counsel here ;and, indeed, in our opinion, properly abandoned, as unmaintainable in point of fact s well as law.
Another' objection is to the lapse of time. The mere lapse of time constitutes of itself no bar to the enforcement of a subsisting trust; and time begins to run against a trust only from the time when it is .openly disavowed by the trustee, who insists upon an adverse tight and interest, which is fully and unequivocally made
known to the cestui que trust. Now, until 1831, no final 'overt act was done by Baum in violation of his duty as trustee; and thq first
and great breach of that duty, on his part, was'the surrender of the certificates of the tracts to Oliver at different periods.between 1828 and 1831. At what particular periodthe subsequent adts of Baum, Oliver, and Williams i became first kriown to the plaintiff and the other proprietors of the Piatt and Port Lawvencbcompanies "having the same interest, does not distinctly appear; but the facts could
not have been fully known .or understood until within a few years before the filing of the bill, arid-at most probably not exc'eeding eight or ten. That period, upon admitted principles, is far too short to interpose any positive bar to relief in equity. There may have been. an unjustifiable delay,- and gross inattention' on the part
bf- some of the proprietors. But as against persons perfecfy conusaht of the trust it caa furnish no ground for any denial of the relief which the case otherwise requires. :
Another objection urged at the argument is, that the bill is multifarious in uniting the 'trust- property owned- by'the Piatt Company and thb Port Lawrence Company in bne'bill, as the interests of each.
are separate and distinct in the tracts conveyed by Oliver to the Michigan University. We are of opinion that the bill is in no just sense multifarious. It is true 'that if embraces the claims of both
the. companies; but their interests are so mixed .up in all thesn transactions, that entire, justice could scarcely be done, at least not
conveniently -done, -ithout a uni6n of the. proprietors-of both com-
panies; and if they had not been joined, the bill would have been open to the opposite objection that all the proper parties were not
before the court, so as to enable-it to make a final and conclusive decree touching all their interests, several as well as joint.. It w'as
well observed by Lord .Cottenham in Campbell v'. Mackay, 1 Mylne & Craig, 603, .and the same doctrine was affirmed in this court
in Gain&s'and wife v. Relf and- Chew, 2 How. 619, 642, that it 'is

412

SUPREME COURT.

Oliver et al. v. Piatt.

.. ipracticable to lay down any rule, as to what constitutes multifariousness, as. an abstract proposition; that each case must depend
upon, its own circumstances;- and much must 'necessarily be left, where the authorities leave itto the sound discretion of the court.(a) But, if the objection were tenable, (as.We are of opinion it is not,) it would be quite too late to insist upon it. The objection of mul-
tifariofshess cannot, as a mrntter of right, be taken by the parties, except by demurrer, or plea or answer; and if not so taken, it is
deemed to be waived. It cannot be insisted upon by the parties even at the hearing in the court below,.although it may at any time
be taken by the court sua sponte, wherever it is deemed by the court to-be necessary or proper to assist it in the due administration of justice. And at so late a.period as the hearing, so reluctant is the
court to countenance the objection, that, if it can get on in the cause to a final decree without serious embarrassment, it wil do so, disragarding the fault or error, when it has been acquiesced in by
the parties up to that time. A!fortio'i an appellate -court wovld scarcely entertain the 'objection, if it Was not forced upon it by a
moral necessity. There is no-pretence to say, that such is the predicament of the present 'ause in this court.
Another objection taken at the argument is, that Baum's heirs cannot insist upoif any title to the property in question, because they are bound by the warranty of their ancestor in the conveyance thereof to Oliver. But this objection has no foundation whatsoever
in law, whether the warranty be lineal or collateral; for the heirs here do not claim any title to the property by descent,-but. simply -by purchase; and it is only to cases of descent that the doctrine of warranty applies. .For this it is sufficient to cite Litt. sect. 735; Co. Litt. 365 ; Com. Dig. Guaranty,1. 2; and Bac. Abridgment, Warranty, G, H, I, L. The fact, therefore, that assets descended upon Mary P. Ewing, one of the children and heirs of Baum, can
have no -influence upon the right of her husband or -herself to enter the land in controversy by purchase, however it might repel their right to take it by descent.
Another objection suggested at the argument was the .difficultyof
apportioning the respecdiv? interests of the cestuis que tnt-st in the tracts Nos. 1 -and 2. But this difficulty Has been overcome; and it
constitutes no matter of difference between the Piatt and the Port Lawrence Companies, so far ai their own interests are concerned, as distinguished from that of Oliver and Williams.
As to the report of tle master and the exceptions thereto in the court below, although-those exceptions were not formally overruled 'or allowed; yet it is plain thatin the final decree they were all disposed of, some being allowed-and others disallowed; and no argu-

(a) See also Story Eq. Plead. sect. 530 to- sect. 540, an4 the authorities tbhre cited. Attdrney-General v. Cradock, 3 Mylne & Craig, 85.

JANUARY TERM, 1845.

413

Washington Bridge Co. v. Stewart et aL

ment has been addressed to us upon the present occasion, which points out any specific errors, which require correction beyond those which have been already incidentally hinted at:
We pass over some other objections, which were'suggested at the argument, without remark, as this opinion has already' been protracted to an unusual length. We need only say, that we see nothing in those objections which requires us to, reform the decree
of the court below.
Upon the whole, the decree of the Circuit Court is affirmed, with costs.'

WASHINGTON BRIDGE COMPANY, APPELLA'T, V. WILLIAM STEWART, JAMES STEWART, AND JOHN GLENN.
After a case has been decided upon its merits, and remanded to the court below, -if it is again brought up on a second appeal, it is then too late to allege that the court had not jurisdiction to try the first appeal. The Supreme Court has no power to review its decisions, whether in a case at law or in equity. A final decree in chancery is as conclusive as a judgment at Jaw. An affirmance by a divided court, either upon a writ of error or appeal, is canclus;ve upon the rights of the parties.
THis was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States, for the District of Columbia, held in and for the county, of Washington, sitting as a court of equity.
The same case was before the court at January term, 1840, and the decree of the court below affirmed by the Supreme Court, but in consequence of the court being equally divided, I-o opinion was given, and no report of the case published. It now came up on an allegation that it was improperly brought up before, as the decree, from which tht appeal was taken, was said not to be a final decree.
The case was this: The Washington Bridge Company were the owners of a bridge across the Potomac river, under a charter granted in 1808. In February, 1831, a large part of the bridge was broken up and carried away by the ice and flood; and in April, the president and directors called for an instalment of ten dollars per share from the stoclholders, for the purpose of repairing it. The defendants in error did not pay, and their shares were forfeited on the 21st of June, 1832, under the 8th section of the charter. On the 14th of July, 1832, Congress passed ai act to purchase the bridge, and appropriated$20,Q09 for that'purpose, which they directed to be divided amongst the stockholders in the manner therein pointed out. In May, 1833, he defendants in error filed a bill in the Circuit
2M2

