00

SUJP1LM COURT.

Downes v. Scott.

London, in so far as they seek to recover the assets of Matthias Aspden's estate in the course of administration by the Orphan's Court of Philadelphia county. Further than this, we do not pretend to determine on the effect of the evidence, as we are not
aware that any controversy now exists in the Circuit Court in re-
gard to any otler assets.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern Dis.nct of Pennsylvania, and on the point and question on which the judges of the &aid Circuit Court were opposed in opinion, and which was certified to this court for its opinion, agreeably to the act of. Congress in such case made and provided, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, It' is the opinion of this court, that the evidence introduced " touching the plea in bar"1 is no estoppel to Xhe representatives of John Aspden of London, in so far as they seek to recover the assets of Matthias Aspden's esate in -the course of administration by the Orphan's Court of Philadelphia county ; whereupon it is now here ordered and decreed by this court, that it be certified to the said Circuit Court accordingly.
Dissen ," Mr. Chief Justice TANEY and Mr. Justice MCLEAN.

RiCmARD CHARLEs Dowims, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. WILLIAM S. 'ScoTT, DFxENDANT.
The second section of the act of the 29th ofMay, 1830, providing, that "if two or more persons be settled Upon the same quarter-section, the same may be divided between the two first actual settlers, if by a north and south, or east and west, 'line the settlement or improvement"of each can. be included in a half-quartersection;" refien only to tracts of land containing one hundred and sixty acres, and does not 9perate upon one containing only one hundred and thirty-three acres.
Thereforewhere tenants in common of a tract of one hundred and thirty-three acres applied to a State court for a partition under the above act, the judgment of that court cannot be revipwed by this court, when brought up by writ of error pnder the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act, because the right asserted does nbt arise under an act of Congress.
-The writ 'f error must be dismissed.
-Tins.case was brought up from the Ninth Judicial District Coprt of the State of Louisiana, by a writ of error issued under the twenty-fifth'section of the judiciary act.
.Mr. Crittenden, for the defendant in error, moved to dismiss the wit for the following reasons. Because, -

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

501

Downes I. Scoft

1st. Said writ of error'is directed to the "Judge of the Ninth J.idicial District-Coitt of the State of Louisiana," when in truth
no writ of error lies from this to that court. 2,d. Said writ'is for-alleged error in a judgment of the said Dis-
trct Court of Louisiana, when'in truth this court hs no jurisdictioarto judge of or correct said error if it exists, and'&io power t6
reverse said judgment upon writ of error. 3d. That the record filed 'in this case, or what purports to be
such, is not duly certified, or legally authenticated and verified, the certificate of "John T. Mason, clerk of the Ninth Dis-
trict Court, Parish of Madison, La.,"' being no evidence of the truth or verity of any record which this court has power to judge
of on writ of error. 4th. The subject-matter of said suit and judgment, and the par-
ties thereto, were proper matters and subjects of the jurisdiction of the courts.of the State of Louisiana, and there is nothing therein to give this court any dognizatce or right to revise-or reverie said judgment, and the same is final and conclusive.

The motion was argued by Mr. Crittenden, for the defeidant in error, and Mr. Mason (Attorney-General), for the plaintiff in
error.

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This writ of error brings before us a judgment of the Supreme Court of Louisiana, under the twenty-fifth section of the-judiciafy
act of 1789. On the 15th of June, 1837, a patent was issued by the United
States to Elijah 'Evans and Levi Blakeley for one hundred and thirty-three acres and eight hundredths of an acre, being lots numbered one and three of section six in township sixteen of range thirteen east, in-the district of lands subject to sale at Ouachita, Louisiana. The patentees having settled upon the above tract, and each having made improvements thereon, claimed a preemp-
tire right under the actof -the29th of May, 1830k The second
section of that act 'provides, -" That if two or more persons be settled upon the same quarter-section, the same may be divided between the two first aotual settlers, if by a north and south, or east and west, line the sdttlement or improvement of each can be in-
cluded in a half-quarter-section."1 The plaintiff applied, by petition, to the Ninth District Court
of Louisiana for a partition of the above tract, which, it seems, was submitted to a jury, and on the trial of which "the judge charged the jury that the act of Congress of May 29th, 1830, entitled "An act to grant pregmption rights to settlers on the public
lands,' was not applicable to the case before the court and jury ; that ',he said act had no binding force as to the dividing or parti-

SUPREME COURT.
Downes v. Scott
tioning lands granted to settlers on the same quarter-section or fractional quarter-sbction after issuing a patent therefor, but that such division and partition must be in conformity with the laws of Louisiana and the principles of equity and justice." To which charge an exception was taken, and on which an appeal was prosecuted to the Supreme Cohrt of the State; which affirmed the judgment of
the District ?ourt. How the parties to this suit became interested in the tract of
land above patented does not-appear from the record. In the petition and answer, they are represented as owners of the premises, and they are treated as such by the District and Supreme Courts of Louisiana.
The second section of the preemption law above cited refers to a quarter of a section, which contains one hundred and sixty acres ; and as the tract of which partition is dema nded is less than a quarter, it does not come within the law. Had application been made for a division of the tract to the proper department of the government, before the emanation of the patent, it could not, as we suppose, have -been considered as coming within the act, so as to authorize a partition and a patent to each of the claimants. A patent having been issued to the claimants for the iract jointly, as tenants in common, and they having conveyed the land, which has become vested in the parties to this record, it is now a question on what principle a division shall be made.
If the parties entitled to the pregmptive right might have applied for a partition under the act of Congress, but preferred taking the patent as issued, it is difficult to perceive how the present
claimants could go behind the patent, in the assertion of a right which was waived by those with whom it originated. The patent vested in the patentees a joint interest as tenants in common, and the same interest was conveyed through their grantees down to the present owners. , It does not appehr, and the court cannot presume, that any greater or different right was conveyed than that which is shown on the face of the patent.
In this view, we think the decision of the Louisiana court was correct. It directed a partition on equitable principles, under the loral law, reserving to each claimant his improvements. And it appears from the facts in the case, that this~could not be done by straight lines running north and south or east and west.
As the right asserted in this case by the plaintiff does not arise under an act of Congress, this court has no jurisdiction by the twenty-fifth section.
There seems ',- have been no allowance of the writ of error, and it was. directed to the. District instead of the Supreme Court of Louisiana. As this court can only revise the judgment of the highest court inthe State which can exercise jurisdiction in the' case, the writ of error should be directed to such court ; unless

JANUARY TERM, 1846.-

503

Michoud et al. -v. Girod et al.

the record shait have been transmitted to an inferior tribunal. But, independently-of these irregularities, we think that this court Jmve no jurisdiction under the act of Congress, and on this ground this suiris dismissed.

ANTOINE MIcHuoiD, JOSEPH MAIE GIROD, GABRIEL MONTAXAT, FEr
LIx GrEiA, JEAN B. DYAN, AiNi DENIS PRIEUR, CHARLES CLAIBORNE, MANDEVILLE MARIGNY, MADAx E. GmRu, WIDOW SABATIER, A. FOURNIER, E. MAZUREAv, E. RIVOLET, CLAUDE GunLIE,
THE MAYOR 6F THE CITY OF NEW ORLEANS, THE TREASURR or
THE CHARITY HOs PITAL, AND THE CATHOLtC ORPHNt'S AsYLUM,
APELLANTS, V. PERONNE BERNARDINE GIROD, WIDOW OF J. P. H.
PARGOUD, RESIDING AT ABERVILLE, IN THE DUCHY OF SAVOY, f.RO-
SALIE GIROD. WIDOW oF PHILIP-ADAm, BESIDING AT FAVEEGES, IN
THE DUCHY OF SAVOY, ACTING FOR THEMSELVES AND IN BEHALF OF
THEIR COHEIRS OF CLAUDE FRANgois GIROD, TO WIT, Louis- Jo-
SEPH POIDEBARD, FRANoIS S. POIDEBARD, DENIS P. POIDEBAfiD, WIDOW Or P.NicouD; JACQUELINE PO6EBARD, WIFE OF MARIE
RIVOLET; CLAUDINE POIDEBARD, WIDOW OF P. F. POIDEBARD; AND
M. R. POIDEBARD, WIFE or ANTHELDIE VALLIER, AND ALSO OF
FRAN~ois QUvTAND JEAN Wf.-F. QUETAND, MAIEJ QUETAND, WIFE
or J. M. AVIT ; F ANSOISE °QVETAND,- WIFE or J.A: ALLARD; MIARIE R..QU TAND, MARIE B. QUETAND ; ALSO OF J. F. GiiOt, JEANNE P. GIROD, WIE OF CLEMENT ODONINO, F. CLEMENTINE GIROD, WIFE OF P. F. PEENOISE, AND JEAN MICHEL GIROD,. DEFEND-NTS.
A person cannot legally purchase on his own account that which his duty or trust requires him to sell on account of another, nor purchase on account of another that which he sells on his own account. He is not allowed to unite the two opposite characters of buyer and seller.
A purchase, per interpositam personan,by a trustee or agent, of the particular property of which he has the sale, or in which he represents another, whether: he has an interest in it or not, carries fraud on the face of it.
This rule applies t, a purchase by executors, at open sale, although they were empowered by the '-ill to sell the estate of their testator for the benefit ofheirs and legatees, a part of which heirs and legatees they themselves were.
A purchase so made by executors will be set aside. The decisions of the courts of several States, upon this subject, examined and rea
marked upon. Relaxations of this rule of the civil law, which were made in some countries of
Europe, were not adopted by the Spanish law, and of course never reached Louisiana. Nor were those' relaxations carried so far as to allow a testamentary or dative executor to buy the property which he was appointed to administer. The maxims and qualifications of the civil law, upon this point, examined. Although courts of equity generally adopt.the statutes of limitation, yet, in a case of actual fraud, they will grant relief within the lifetime of either of the parties upon whom the fraud is proved, or within thirty years after it has been discovered or become known to the party whose rights are affected by it. Within what time a constructive trust will be barred must depend upon the circumstances of the case, and these are always examinable. Acquittances given to an executor, without a full knowledge of au the circumstances, where such information had been withheld by the executor, and menaces and promises thrown out to prevent inquiry, are not binding.

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

17

Levi v. Thompson et al.

demurrers, the District Court held that these pleas were sufficient in law to bar the plaintiff of its action, and gave judgment in favor of the defendant. From this judgment the present writ of
error is brought.

The case was submitted to the court without argument by the Attorney-General, for the plaintiff in error, referring the court to 13 Pet. 519. No counsel appeared for defendant.

Mr. Chief-Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.'
The only question arising on this record is, whether, by the laws of Alabama, a contract made in that State by the agents of a corporation created by the law of another State is valid. This point was fully considered and decided in the case of the Bank of Augusta v. Earle, 13 Pet. 519 and cannot now be considered as open for argument in this court. The principles decided in that case must govern this ; and the judgment of the District Court is therefore reversed, with costs.

Arxwutmm Luvi v. Join THomrso.ET AL.

The holder of a register's certificate of the purchase ofa lot in the town of Dubu. ue, lawfully acquired, and issued bythe register under the two acts of 2d July, 836, and W March, 1837, has such an equitable estate in the lot, before the isuinorfa patent as will subject the lot to sale under exedution uhder the stat-
ute of Io. K The doctrine established in the case of Carroll v. Safford, 3 Howard, 441, re-
viewed and confirmed.

Tir commissioners under the act of the 3d of March, 1837,

amendatory of the act entitled " An Act for laying off the Towns

of Fort Madison," &c., approved July 2d, 1-836, confirmed unto

Alexander Levi and John Thompson, as tenants Im common, the

right of purchase, by preemption, of lot No. 68, in the town of

Dubuque, being of the first class, containing seventeen one hun-

dredths of an acre. The 'lot was entered in the land-office, and

the receiver's receipt given to Levi and Thompson for the pur-

chase money, on the 19t of April, 1840. It appears that William

Chilson and Joel Campbell had instituted a suit, on the common

law side of the District Court of Dubuque County, against Levi

and Thompson, and that judgment was'rendered against them for
$780"50 and costs of suit, in August, 1839. -Execution was is-

sued upon the judgment in due form of law ; -it was placed in the

sheriff's hainds to be executed, and.he levied upon the lot for which

Lee and Thompson had a preemption certificate, and the same

was sold tO satisfy the execution, before a patent had been issued

VOL. IV.

3

B

18

SUPREME COURT.

Let!i v. Thompson et al.

by the United States to Levi and Thompson for the same.
Thompson, the tenant in common with Levi, became. the purchaser, paid the purchase money, and~took the sheriff's deed for
the same. Thompson, in November, 1841, sold the lot to the other defendants, who had paid for the same before Levi sued out his bill. They state, in their answer to Levi's bill, that when they bought the lot from Thompson, they were informed by him, and so supposed the fact to be, that he had a full and perfect right thereto, free from all encumbrances and of all claim by any other person or persons, and that at the time of their purchase, and
when they made the payments to Thompson for the same, they were utterly ignorant of any title or claim to property in Levi, or
that he set up or pretended to have any claim or title to the same. That the first notic, they bad of any such claim by Levi was about tfree weeks before the date of their answer to his bill, when
he sent them word that he desired them to make a division of the
propeity with him. They further state, at the time of their purchase there was a small log-house upon the lot, of little or no
value to them, which they tore down and removed., That they went into quiet and peaceable possession of the lot at the time of their-purchase, and have so remained ever since ; that -they had made lasting-and valual le improvements upon the lot; that for a 'considerable part-of-the time whilst- they were making these improvements, Levi had been in the city of Dubuque, and they believe must have discovered them, as he frequently passed and repassed
the lot, and never informed thein bf his having any claim to the same. The cause was. tried in the'District Court, upon the bill
and answers of the defendants, and the court adjudged that the petition of the complainant should be dismissed. An appeal was taken to the Supreme Court, and that court affir'med the decree .of the court below,; and from that court it has been brought to this court by appeal.

The cause was submitted' on printed arguments, by Mr. Wash. ington Hunt, fo the appellant, and Datis aid "Crawford,for the appellees.

.Mr. Hunt contended, that the legislature of the Territory of Iowa could confer no authority upon the sheriff to sell ,the property in question, because the title was yet in the United States, and had not passed to Levi and Thompson at the time of the sheriff's sale, and cited Bagnell et al.. v. Bioderick, 13 Peters, 436, and Wilcox v. Jackson, 13 Peters, 498, 516; 517.
He also contended. that the sheriffIs deed could pass no title, becatdse it was sold as real estate, whereas the fee simple was at
that time in the United States. .Mr. Hunt also raised other objections, which it is not neces-

JANUARY ' TERM, 1846.

19

Levi v. Thompson et al.

sary to state, because the decision of the court turned upon a single point.

.Masrs. Davis and Crawford, fox the appellees, relied upon the validity of the statute of Iowa.

Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the court.
The only question raised by the plea tings in this cause,.and it seems to us the only one argued at its hearings in the District and
Supreme Courts of Iowa, was, whether the lot, for which Levi and Thompson had a preemption certificate, which htd been en-
tered and paid for by them, was or was not liable to be sold upon execution issued upon a judgment rendered against them previous to apatent having been issued for the land by the government of the United States. Their right to a pie~mption purchase of the lot .was acquired under the act of the 2d of July, 1836, ch.262, entitled "1An Act for hying off the ,Towns of Fort Madison and
Burlington, in the Coimty of Des Moines, and the Towns of Bellevue, Dubuque, and Peru, in the County of Dubuque, Territory of Wisconsin,and for other Purposes," and under the act-of the 3d of March, 1837, oh. 36, amendatory of the preceding act just recited. The right of Levi and Thompson to a preemption, under those acts; is not a controverted point in the case. Taking it for granted, then, that it had been lawfully acquired, that they entered the land in the proper office, and that it was paid for in their names, this'gave them the right to the register?s certificate of purchase, to be transmitted to the commissioner of the general land-office, as in other. cases of the sale of public lands. The fee continues in the United States until the issue of the patent,
but the right to the fee was in the purchasers, and they were entitled to a patent-for the land, unless there was some legal objection by the United States against issuing it, of which this court is not. aSvised.
This right to the fee and a patent in this case gave to Levi and Thompson that 11 equitable right" to the land, under the certificate from the receiver of the land-office, which the law of Iowa has made subject to execution for the satisfaction of judgments.
Stat. Law Ter. of Iowa, 197, January 25th, 1839.
We further rematk, that the principle upon which the case of Carroll v. Safford, 3 How. 441, was decided, covers this case.Nor do we find any thing in the'cas6 of Bagnell v. Broderick; or of' Wilcox v. Jackson, cited by the counsel for -the plaintiff
in error, or in any other case decided by this court, which conflicts with-the decision it here gives.
We direct the decree of the court below to be affrmed.

90

SUPREME COURT.

Buchanan v. Alexander.

McKEa ftUcH&NAN, PLA iT INx EzROR, v. JAxES ALEXANDER.
MNoey-in the hands of a purser, although it may be due to seamen, is not liable to an attachment by the creditors.of.those seamen.
A purier cannot be distinguished from any other disbursing agent of the government; and the rule is general, that, so long as money remains in the hands of a disbursing efficer, it is as much the money of the United States as if it had not been drawn from the. treasury.
A decision of 'astate court, sanctioning such an attachment, may be revised by this 0ourt'nder the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act.
Mr Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the courf.
This is one of six .cases deppnding upon the same principle, which have been brought before this court by writs of error to the Circeit Superior Court for the county of Norfolk, State of Virginia, under the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act of 1789.
Six writs of attachment were issued by a justice of the peace of " above county of Norfolk, by. boarding-house keepers, against certain seamen of the frigate Constitution, which had just returned from a cruise. The writs were laid on moneys in the hands of the parser, the plaintiff in error, due to the seamen for wages. The money was -afterwards paid to the seamen by the purser, in disre-
Of the attachments, by the order of the Secretary of the Navy. The.purser admited before the justice that the several sums attaded were'in his hands due to the'seamen, but contended he was not'ame -nlteo the proess. The jiistice entered judgments against him on the attachments. The cases were appealed to the Sutprior Court of the omity, which affirmed the judgments of the justice. Anq that being the. hi st court of the State-which can exercise jurisdiction"in the caso, and its judgments being against a right and a rity set up under a law of the United States, may be revised in t court by a writ of error. The important question is, whether- the money in the hands of the purser, though due to the seamen for wages, was attachable. A prser, it would seem, cannot, in this respect, be distinguished from any other'tlisbursing agent Of the government. If the creditors of these seamei may, by process of.attachment, divert the public money from its legitimate and- appropriate object, the same thing may be done as-regards the pay of our officers and men of the army and of the navy; and also in every other case where the public funds.paybe placed in the hands of an agent for disburserment. To state such 'a'principle is to refute it. No government can sanction it. At all'times it would be found embarrassing, and under some cirmimstances it might be fatal t the public service. The funds of the government are specifically appropriated to certain national objects, and if such appropria'tions may be diverted and defeated by state .process or otherwise, the functions of the government may be suspended. So long as money remains in the

JANUARY TERM, 1846.
Spalding v. State of New York.
hands of a disbursing officer, it is as much the money of the United States, as if it had not been drawn from- the treasury.. Until p4! over by the agent of the government to the pierson entitled to it, the fund cannot, in any legal sense, be considered a part of -1 effects. The -purser is not the.-debtor of the seamen.
It is not doubted that cases may have arisen in which the government, -as a &aatterof policy or accommodation,' may have aided a creditor of one who received money for public services; but this cannot ,have been-under any *upposed legal liability, as no such liability attaches to the government, or to its disbursing officers.
We think the question in this case is clear of doubt, and requires no further illustration.
The judgments are reversed at the costs of the defendants, and the causes are remanded to the state court, with instructions; to dismiss the attachments at the costs of the appellees in that court.
LTxAN A. SPALnnmo, PAfiFrF ix EEROR, v. Tai PEOPLE OF TER STATz OF Naw Yonx, Ex 31L. FaRnnnic -F. BAcius, DzFmoAwa s.
Tuis case was brought up from the Supreme Court for the Trial of Impeachments and the Correction of Exrors of ihe StatW of New York, by a writ of exiror issued uniler the '9thswition of ,;th Judiciary Act.
The facts were these. The relator, Frederick F. fackus, previox. to the 20th day of July, 1840, had obtained a judgment in th6 SuprmeCiirt of:thJe State of New York against Lyman A., Spalding, , pWja iff in error, -for the fionperformance of promises, and on the said last mentioned day the relator, as complainant, filed, a.. creditor's bill against the -said Spalding, in the Court of Chancery of said-State, before the Vice-Chancellor of the'Eighth Circuit, 6n which an injunction was issued and served on said Spalding, fQ restrain him, among other things, from collecting, receiv ig, transferring, selling, assiging, delivering, or in any way or manner using, controlling, interfering or meddlin with, or disposing of, any property, money, or things in action belonging to him. On the 13th day of December, 1941, an order was made by said court to attach said Spalding for a violation of said, injunction, and such proceedings -were had in said court, that on the 21st day of March, 1842, the said court declared and-adjudged that the said Lyman A. Spaldihg had been and was guilty of a contempt of court in wilfully violating said injunction, by disposing of property and paying out money contrary to the terms of said injunction; and that such misconduct of the said Lyman A. Spalding was calculated to

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

449

Lea Bois v. Brameil.

MA= NICOLIn LES Bois, PLAINTIFF IN ERIOR, V. SAMUEL BnA-
MELL, DEFENDANT.
A private survey of land, claimed under an old Spanish concession and presented to the board of commissioners appointed under the act of 1805, is not conclusive against the party presenting it to show the boundaries of the claim, but is proper evidence to go to the jury, who are to decide upon its limits.
Under the acts of 1824, 1826, and 1828, the District Court of Missouri was authorized to receive petitions of claimants to land, until the 26th of May, 1829. In 1831, when claims which had not been presented were standing under a bar, Congress confirmed the title of the inhabitants of the town of St. Louis to the adjacent commons. This act was valid, unless the opposing claimant then possesed a vested interest which was protected by the Louisiana treaty.
By the third article of that treaty, the inhabitants were to be protected in their property.
But land held under a concession and survey was not finally severed from the royal domain and converted into private property.
The power ofigranting the public domain was in Morales, who resided in New Orleans. His regulations were in force in Upper Louisiana, and by them the title to land held under a concession and survey was not perfected until ratified by him and a final grant issued.
This power was in a great degree a political power,and, by the treaty, the UnitedStates assumed the same exclusive right to seal with the titlien,their political and "sovereign capacity. The courts of justice cannot, without legislation, execute the power, because the holder of an incomplete title has no standing in
court. A confirmatory act, passed by Congress in 1836,does'not reach back to'the original
concession, and exclude grants of the same land made in the intermediate time, either by Congress itself, or a board of commissioners, or the District Court, atting under its authority. In the act of 1836, Congress had in view the situation of persons whose titles were, by that act, confirmed to lands which had been previously granted to others, and, in order to meet the case, provided that such confirmed claimants might take up, elsewhere, an amount of public land equal to that which they lost. The confirmatory act of 1836 must, therefore, be construed to exclude the commons which had been granted, by previous acts, to the town of St. Louis. These acts, and a survey by the proper public officer in 1832, placed the title ofthe town in the same condition as if a patent had been issued.

THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, frdm the Circuit

Court of the United States for the District of Missouri.

It was exactly the same, in most of its points, with the case of

Mackay and others v. Dillon, reported in a preceding part of ts

volume. Reference will be made to that case in all the points

which are similar.

It was an action of ejectment brought by Les Bois, in the Cir-

cuit Court, to recover two hundred and forty-four arpents and fifty

perches of land, claimed under a Spanish concession. The de-

fendant, Bramell, claimed title under the acts of Congress of 1812

and 1831, granting a right of common to the town of St. Louis.

The plaintiff's title was as follows.

1. A petition, concession, and survey.

2. Proceedings of the board of commissioners established by

the act of. Congress passed on the 2d of March, 1805.

VOL. IV.

57

Im *

450

SUPREME COURT.

Les Bois v. Bramell.

3. Proceedings of the board of commissioners established bythe acts of July 9th, 1832, and March 2d, 1833.
4. The act of Congress passed on the 4th of July, 1836. 5. A certificate of the surveyor of the public lands, dated September 6, 1838. These will be taken up in order.
I. A petition, concession, and survey. The petition was as follows: -
"To Don Charles.Dehault DelassusJieutenant-colonel attached to the stationary regiment of Louisiana, and lieutenant-governor of the upper part of the same province. Marie Nicolle Les Bois has the honor of representing to you,
that, having lost her-father and mother since her most tender years., in consequence of a well known disaster, which alone would be sufficient to render her situation interesting to all men of feelings, and having had for support since that moment an uncle and aunt, both respectable, who have taken care of her infancy, considering - that time in his flight deprives her every day of some one of her protectors ; that her brothers and sisters are all married, and loaded with family, and without fortune ; that she remains as an isolated being, who cannot expect any assistance of any one whomsoever ; and who, -without fortune, finds herself under several points of view in a calamitous situation, which hppeais to her to be worthy to attract the attention of the good heart every body knows you possess. Full of this, idea, and convinced of the generosity of the government, which has never ceased to grant favors to the unfortunate, and to be particularly the protector of orphans, she hopes you will be pleased to grant to her the concession of a tract of land situated to the south of this town, and being vacant lands of his Majesty's domain, and which may contain two hundred and thirteen arpents in superficie, more or less,; which land shall be bounded as follows : to the north, south, and west, by the vacant lands of the domain, and to the east by a concession of some width belonging to Mr. Antonio Soulard.
" Such is. ih3 statement of my misfortune and pretensions, and I presume to hope this favor of tie generosity of a benevolent and generous government, and of a chief as worthy as you are to fulfil its benevolent intentions.
MARIE NICOLLE LES BOIS. " t. Louis, ,May 10, 1803."
The concession was as follows :-
" St. Louis of llinois, Atay 1 th, 1803. c Having seen the foregoing statement, I do grant to Marie Nicolle Les Bois, for her and her heirs, the land which she solicits, in case it is not prejudicial to any person ; and the surveyor of this

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

451

Les Bois v. Bramell.

Upper Louisiana, Don Antonio Soulard, shall put the petitioner in possession of the quantity of land she solicits in the place designated ; which, when executed, he shall draw out a plat of iurvey, delivering the same to the party, with his certificate, in order to serve to her to obtain the concessidn and title in form from the intendant-general, to whom alone corresponds, by royal order, the distributing and granting of all classes of lands of the royal do-
main. CARLOS DEHAULT DELASSUS,"

Of Survey. - UpperLouisiana,Districtof Sn. Luis de Illinofs.
The survey was as follows :-
.Note. The bounds set to all comers. are showv on the plat. All the line-trees were marked with one blaze above twonotches. The trees on both sides of the lines were blazed only. Registered in book B, of the surveys for said district, folio 17, No. 20.
Of Certificate of Survey.
* cDon Antonio Soulard, surveyor-general of Upper Louisiana,.
- I do certify that I have measured, run the lines, and bounded, in favor of Marie Nicolle Les Bois, a piece of land of two hundred and forty-four arpents and fifty perches in superficie, measured with the perch of the city of Paris, of eighteen French feet in length, lineal measure of the said city, according to the agrarian measure of this province ; which land is situated at about the distance of twenty-five arpents to the southwest of this town of Saint Louis, and is bounded to the north-northwest by lands of Don Santiago Mackay ; to the east-southeast by lands belonging to me ; to the south-southwest in part by lands of Don Jh. Brazeau, and by vacant lands of the royal domain; and by the westsouthwest by vacant lands ; which measurement and survey I took without regarding the variation of the needle, which is 700 30' east, as is evident by the foregoing figurative plat, on which are noted the dimensions, directions of the lines and limits, and other boundaries, &c.
"Said survey was executed by virtue of the memorial and decree of the lieutenant-governor and sub-delegate of the royal fisc, Don Carlos Dehault Delassus, dated 11th May, 1803.
"In testimony whereof, I do give the present, with the- preceding figurative plat, executed by my exertions- on the 27th of May of the current year, in St. Louis, August 20, 1803.
ANTONIO SOULARD, Surveyor- General.
"Truly translated, St. Louis, December 15, 1832. JULIUS DE MUN."

4N

SUPREME COURT.

Les Bain v. "Bramell.

2. Proceedings of the board of commissioners established by the act of Congress passed on the 2d of March, 1805.
Proceedingsof Commissioners.
" Driday, October 7th, 1808. "Board met. Present: The Honorable Clement B. Penrose and Frederick Bates. "1Marie Nicolle Les Bois, claiming two hundred and forty-four and one half arpents of land, situated id the commons of St. Louis, produces to the board a concession from Don Charles Dehault elassus, lieutenant-governor for the same, dated May 11th, 1803; a plat and certiacate of survey, dated 27th May, 1803, and certified 20th August, same year. "Laid over for decision; board adjourned.
CLEMENT B. PENROSE. FREDERICK BATES."
"Wednesday, qlugust 21st, 1811. 4' Board met. Present: Clement B. Penrose and Frederick Bates, commissioners. 1"Marie Nicoile Les Bois, claiming two hundred and forty-four and one half arpents of land, see book No. 3, p. 282. It is the opinion of this board that this claim ought not to be confirmed. "Board adjourned until to-morrow, eight o'clock, A. M.
CLEMENT B. PENROSE.
FREDERICK BATES."
3. Proceedings of the board of commissioners, established by die acts of July 9, 1832, and March 2, 1833.
1 Thursday, .November 39, 1832. "BoarA met pursuant to adjournment. Present: Lewis F. Linn [and] F. R. Conway, commissioners. "Marie. Nicolle Les Bois, by her legal representatives, claiming two hundred and forty-four and a half arpents of land, see book C, pp. 73, 74, and 75, No. 3, p. 282, No. 5, p. 328, produces a paper, purporting to be an originpl concession for two hundred and. thirteen arpents of land, more or less, from Charles Dehault DeLassus, dated 11th of.May, 1803 ; also a paper, purporting to be a plat and certificate of survey for two hundred and forty-four arpents 4nd fifty perches, taken 27th of May, and certified 20th of August, 1. S"03M, b. yPA. nLteodnuioc',Soduullayrds.worn, saith, that the signature to said. concession is in the proper handwriting of the said Charles D. Delassus, and the signature to said certificate of survey is in the proper handwriting of said Soulard. "The board adjourned until to-morrow at ten o'clock, A. M.
L. F. LINN. F. R. CONWAY."

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

453

Les Bois v. Bramell.

No. 39.
"Tuesday, .November 5th, 1833. c The board met pursuant to adjournment. Present: L. F.
Linn, A. G. Harrison, F. R. Conway, commissioners. " Marie Nicolle Les Bois, claiming two hundred and forty-four
and a half arpents of land, see pp. 64 and 65 of.this book (No. 6). The board are unanimously of opinion that this claim ought to be confirmed to the said Marie Nicolle Les Bois, or her legal representatives, according to the concession.
"The. board adjourned until to-morrow at nine o'clock, A. ?4. L. F. LINN. F.. R. CONWAY. A. G. HARRISON."
4. The act of Congress, passed on the 4th of July, 1836. The purport of this act is set forth, under the eighth head of the"plaintiff's title, in the cave of Mackay v. Dillon. 5. A certificate of the surveyor of the public lands, dated September, 6, 1838. This certificate is as follows:-

Platand Certifieate of Survey, by .Authorityof the United States.
" Survey No. 3,184. cPlat and description of the survey of a tract of two hundred and
four arpents and fifty perches, equal to two hundred and eight acres of land, situated in township forty-five, north of the base line, range seven, east of the fifth principal meridian, in the State of Missouri, executed on the twenty-fifth day of September, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, by Charles De Ward, deputy surveyor, under instructions from the surveyor of the public lands in the States of Illinois and Missouri, dated the sixth day of September, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight.

" This being the tract of land granted, on the eleventh day of .May, eighteen hundred and three, to Marie Nicolle Les Bois, by Charles Dehault Delassus, then lieutenant-governor, for the government of Spain, of the province of Upper Louisiana, surveyed on
tie twenty-seventh day of May, eighteen hundred and three, by Antoine Soulard, Spanish" silveyor of the same province, and confirmed to the said Marie Nicolle Les Bois, or her legal representatives, by the act of Congress of the United States, approved
the fourth of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, entitled ' An act confirming claims to land in the State of Missouri, and for other purposes,' according to the decision, numbered thirty-nine, of the report of the board of commissioners appointed by the' act of Congress, approved the ninth of July,. eighteen hundred and thirty-two, entitled ' An act for the final adjustment of private

454

SUPREME COURT.

Les Bois v. -Bramell.

land claims in Missouri.'; and the act of Congress, approved the second of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, supplemental thereto."
Then follows a minute description of the land by metes and
bounds.

Defendant's Title.
The evidence offered by the defendant consisted of the first six beads of the title offered by the defendant, in the case of Mackay v. Dillon.
He further offered a plat and survey of the common, made in November, 1832, under instructions from "the surveyor of public lands in the States of Illinois and Missouri, and the following certificate :-

"1Sutvymr's OFFicE, St. Louis, 7th of .qpril, 1841. "The foregoing plat and description of the survey of the commons of St.'Louis are correctly copied from pp. 74, 75, and 76 of record-book C, in this office. The plat of the survey, No. 3,184, subsequently made of the claim of Marie Nicolle Les Bois, within the survey of said commons, is this day laid down on the said foregoing plat of the common, according to the survey of the said claim of Marie Nicolle Les Bois.
WILLIAM MILBURN, Surveyor of the Public Lands in the States of
Illinois and .Tissouri."
The evidence being closed on both sides, the counsel filed the following agreement.
.8grfement by Parties.
It was agreed by the parties, that, at the time of the commencement of this suit, the defendant was in the actual possession and occupation of twenty acres of land, parcel of the tract of land in the declaration mentioned, as tenant of the city of St. Louis, claiming the same as common belonging to the inhabitants of St. Louis, and further, that the matter of dispute in this action exceeds the value of two thousand dollars, exclusive of costs. . It was also admitted by the parties, that, from a short time after the settlement of the village of St. Louis, there was a fence, commencing above the town of St. Louis, running westwardly, a little westof the village, until it came to the hill near the court-house, and then ran in a direction south of west, until it reached the line of the Barriere des Noyer fields, and then running southwardly along the front of those fields, until it reached the Carondelet fields, and from that point extended to the river. The land on the eastern side of that fence vas used by the inhabitants of the town for the pasturage of cattle, and for the supply of wood, and was -al-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

455

Les Bois v. Bramell.

ways called the common of the town, while the land.on the westafn side was used for cultivation. The land in question lies on the eastern side of this fence, and within what was called the'common. The fence above mentioned was destroyed ia the year 1797, at which time the cultivation of the common fields west of said fence was discontinued.
The counsel for the plaintiff then moved the court to instruct the jury, that the survey offered by the inhabitants of St. Louis, in support of their claim, upon which survey was laid down; at the request of the claimants, the concession and survey of Marie Nicolle Les Bois, excludes and protects from the confirmatory operation of the acts of 'Congress of 13th June, 18.12, and act of Congress'of 27th June, 1831, the title of said Marie Nicolle
Les Bois to the tract granted to her. Which instruction the court refused to give ; to which decisioji
the plaintiff, by her counsel, excepted.

Inetructionsgiven.
The court then instructed the jury as follows 1. That the inhabitants of the town of St. Louis were confirmed in their claim to commons by the acts of Congress of 1812 and 1831. 2. That the notice of claim of said inhabitants, as filed with the recorder of land titles, and exhibited before the board of commissioners, read here to the jury, is evidence of the extent of the said claim to said commons. 3. If the claim of the plaintiff is included within the boundary of the lands confirmed to the town of St. Louis by the acts of 812 and 1831, then the jury must find for the defendant ; because those acts passed the title to the land in controversy to the inhabitants of said town. To which opinion of the court, in giving the said instructions, the plaintiff, by her counsel, excepted. And the laintiff prays the court to sign and seal this bill of exceptions, which is done accordingly, this 14th day of April, 1841.
J. CATRON. [sEAL.] R. W. WELLS. [SEAL.]
Under these instructions, the jury found for the defendant, and
to review them the present writ of error was brought.

The cause was argued by Mir. Aliagenis, who made the following points :-
1. That the grant and order of survey by-the lieutenant-governor,. in May, 1803, and the survey made in conformity thereto, raise a
legal presumption, that at that date the land so granted and surveyed
was royal domain.

456

SUPREME COURT.

Les Bois r. Bramell.

2. That the evidence given on the part of the defendant.was not
sufficient to rebut that presumption. 3. That by virtue of said grant and survey the plaintiff was, in
contemplation of law, in possession of the land in dispute on May, 1803, and- could not -be divested thereof unider the act of 1812, except by actual exclusive adverse possession of the same as comnions by the inhabitants of St. Louis up to the 20th of December,
1803. 4. That the grant and survey to the plaintiff gave her such a
right to the premises as came within the term "1property," under the treaty of Louisiana, and that notice of her claim having been
duly filed by the recorder, she could not be divested thereof by the act of. 1812 or 1831.
5. That by the 'act of 1812, legal proof before the recorder of continued inhabitation, cultivation, or possession prior to and up to the 20th of December, 1803, was made a condition precedent to the confirmation of claims to lots or land under that act, and that unless the recorder, upon the proof made, confirmed the claims submitted to him for investigation, or reported 'them to Congress
for confirmation, the same are not confirmed by the act of 1812 or that of 1831.
6. That the plat and survey of Mackay, if received as evidence of the extent and boundaries of the land claimed as commons, are evidence also to show that the tract granted to the plaintiff was not claimed as commons, or confirmed to the. inhabitants of St. Louis as such, -bythe act of 1812 or 1831.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the court.
This case comes up by a writ of error to the Circuit Court of the District of Missouri. It is an action of ejectment for two hundred and eight acres of land, lying within the comnions of St.
Louis, and confirmed to the plaintiff by the act of Coigress of July 4,.1836 ; and was surveyed by the authority of the United
States, in. September, 1838. ·The'act of 1836, and the survey, make out a good primafacie title for the plaintiff.
The defendant claims title under the city of St. Louis ; and the titie of the city depends on its grant of the commons by the acts of 1812 and 1831. The evidence of identity and boundary of neither claim being disputed, the plaintiff moved the court to instruct the jury, that the survey offered by the inhabitants of St.
Louis in support of their claim, upon which survey was laid down, at the request of the claimants; the concession and survey of Marie Nicolle Les Bois, excludes and protects from the confirmatory operation of the acts of Congress of 13th June, 1812, and act of Congress of 27th June, 1831, the title of said Marie Nicolle Les Bois to the tract gianted to her ; which instruction was refused. The survey referred to was one made of the commons in

JANUARY TERM, X846.

457

Les Bois v. Bramell.

1806, by James Mackay; and'on a plat of 'the survey, filed with

a notice of claim before the board of commissioners organized by

virtue of the act of 1805,.to examine and report on French and

Spanish claims, this of Les Bnis was laid down, with six others.

Mackay's survey was a private one, made at the insthnce of the

inhabitants of St. Louis, and was not binding on the rights of any

one; nor did it profess to exclude the pretensions laid down on

the plat, as not being part of the town common, but the reverse.

For our further views on the question presented by:'the instruc-

tion, we refer to what is said on it in the case of Mackay's heirs v.

Dillon,-submitted to us at the same time with thepresent.

The court then instructed the jury as follows :-

1. That the inhabitants of the town of St. Louis were conflrm-

ed in their claim to commons by the acth of Congress of 1812 and

1831.

2. That the notice of claim of said inhabitants, as filed with the

recorder of land titles, and exhibited before'thd board of commis-

sioners, read here to the jury, is evidence of the extent of the

said claim to said commons.

3. If the claim of the plaintiff is included within the boundary of

the lands confirmed to the town of St.'Louis by the acts of 1812

and 1831, then the jury must find for the defendant; because

those acts passed the title to the land in controversy to the inhab-

itants of said town.

These were excepted to.

As to the first instruction given, it maybe remarked, that by the

act of June 13, 1812, Congress provided, that the rights, titles,

and claims to town or village lots, out lots, common field lots,

"and commons," in, adjoining, and belonging to St. Louis (and

other towns) should be, and the same were, thereby confirmed to

the inhabitants, &c.

That this was a general confirmation of the commoin to the town

as a community no one hag ever doubted, so far as the confirma-

tion operated on the lafids of'the United States ; and to which no

individual claim or pretension was set up ; and the question arising

on the instruction is, whether the plaintiff's claim was excepted

directly, or by reason of a prior right vested in the plaintiff. The

only direct exception in the act is the proviso, -" That nothing

herein contained shall be construed to affect the rights of any per-

sons. claiming the same lands, or anx part thereof, whose claims

have been confirmed by the 'board of commissioners' for adjust-

ing and settling claims to land in the said territory."

The board referred to was organized according to the act of March 2, 1805, with powers to examine such claims as that of the

plaintiff, and to decide on their validity ; and although, by the act,

no power was given to make a conclusive adjudication withot the

sanction of Congress, yet if any claim was declared good and

VOL. IV.

58

MM

458

SUPREME COURT.

Les Bois v. Bramell.

valid, and recommended for confirmation, it was of the class men-
tioned in the foregoing proviso, as we suppose, even when acted on under the act of 1805 ; but by the act of March 3, 1807, § 41, the powers of the commissioners were extended, and con-
firmations of various classes of-claims were authorized to be made by the board conclusively, without the intervention of Congress and for which patents were to issue, on surveys made by officers of the United States.
The foregoing were the only description of titles excepted from the act of 1812 ; and as the plaintiff's was not one of them, the
act did not apply to it in the saving clause. The next inquiry on the first instruction given is, as to the op-
eration of the act of 1831 on the plaintiff's claim. The act of May 26, 1824, gave jurisdiction to the District
Court of the United States for the Missouri District, to hear and adjudge, in a mode of proceeding according to the rules governing courts of equity,, on all claims- of the description, and that were in the situation, of the plaintiff s, - the United States being defendants ; and either party having the right of appeal to the Supreme
Court.
The fifth section of the act declares,-" That any claim not brought before the District Court within two years from the passing thereof shall be for ever barred, both in law and equity; and that no other action at common law, or proceeding in equity, shall ever thereafter be sustained in any court whatever, in relation to - said dlaim.'l
An act for the relief of Phineas Und rwood, and for other purposes, passed the 22d May, 1836, § 2 (1 United States Land Laws, 924), declares, that the time for filing petitions under the act of 1824 shall be and is hereby extended to the 26th day of
May, 1828.
The act of May 24th, 1828 (4 Lit. & Brown's ed., ch. 90, 298), declares, that the District Courts shall be open for the receiving petitions of claimants, under the act of 1834, until the 26th day of May, 1829, and that the act shall continue in force for the purpose of enabling claimants to obtain a final decision on
their claims uhtil the 26th day of May, 1830, and no longer. The plaintiff instituted no proceedings before the District Court
under the act of 1824 ; and on the 26th day of May, 1829, her claim stood and was barred. For further views of this court on the character of the bar, we refer to the cases of Barry v. Gamble, 3 Howard, 55, and Chouteau v. Eckhart, 2 Howard, 352.
In January, 1831, the city of St. Louis, and other towns, applied to have their rights of common further confirmed and regulated ; and an act of Congress was passed, declaring - " That the United States do hereby relinquish to the inhabitants of the several towns of St.-Louis, &c., all the right, title, and interest in and to

JANUARY TERM,,1846.

459

Les Bois v. Bramell.

the town or village lots, out lots, common field lots, and commons, - to be held by the inhabitants of the said towns in ' full property,' and to be regulated, or disposed of, for the use of the inhabitants, according to the laws of the State of Missouri." This law vested in the city corporation the town common, in fee simple, and gave
full power to the legislature oP-Missouri to incorporate it into the city, by extending the city charter over it. The importance of the act will be understood, when we examine the plats and other evidences in the record ; fiom which it will be seen, that the city is spreading over the eastern lines of the common, and that it is in
part sold out in lots by the corporation already, and fastbecoming
part of the city.
Les Bois standing barred when the act of 1831 was passed, in November, 1832, the city caused the common to be officially sur-
veyed, under instructions from the surveyor-general of Illinois and Missouri, according to the act of 26th May, 1834, § 2 (1 United
States Land Laws, ch. 311). This survey was a public one, binding on the United States and the city corporation ; and was
duly recorded by the surveyor-general in his office. A copy of the plat is in the record, with a detailed description of landmarki; courses, and distances ; and these-were given in evidence to the jury in the Circuit Court. Thus stood the defendant's title. On July
9th, 1832, a law was passed by Congress, authorizing'commissioners
to be appointed to act on claims not confirmed previougly ; and on the 6th of November, 1833, the board organized under the act declared Les Bois's claim valid; and Congress confirmed it, July 4th, 1836.
To avoid the bar, under these circumstances, and to show that neither tha act of 1812, or that of 1831, could deprive the plaintiff of her right, it is insisted, she had a vested interest to the land confirmed, when the United States acquired Louisiana, which is protected by treaty stipulation, and that such right no act of Congress could defeat ; that by the third article of the treaty of 1803, with France, the inhabitants of the ceded territory were to
be incorporated into the Union, to be admitted to the rights, ad-
vantages, and immunities of citizens of the United States, and in the-mean time they were to be maintained and protected in the free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and religion.- And this implied, that after their admission they should be equally protected,
and that such would havo been the measure of justice applicable to their rights of property by the laws of nations, had the treaty
been silent on the subject. On'this assumption the plaintiff minly relies ; that it is true in the abstract is not doubted, but it involves several opposing considerations applicable to her title :- 1. Whether Luch a vested property In the soil existed "inLes Bois, before the date of the treaty, as bound the government of Spain to perfect, by the execution of a complete title,,the first incipient step. 2. Wheth-

460

SUPREME COURT.

Les Bois r. Brawell.

er the judicial power has any jurisfction to interfere and enforce such right, supposing it to exist.
That this government had imposed on it the same duty to perfect the title that rested on Spain before the country was ceded is not open to question ; but this was all the United States were bound to perform. How, then, did the plaintiff's claim stand previous to the cession. Her first decree and order of survey bear date in May, 1802, and the survey was made in August, 1803 ; but there is no evidence that any part of the land was either occupied or cultivated. The lieutenant-governor's decree is in the usual style, and concludes, ' that it is given to serve the interested party to obtain the concession and title in form, from the intendant-general, to whom alone corresponds, by royal order, the distributing and granting of
all classes of the royal domain."
On the 22d of October, 1798, the king of Spain appointed Morales intendant-general and sub-delegate ; he kept his office at New
Orleans, and was charged with the superintendence and granting of the public domain in the provinces of Upper and Lower Louisiana,
"to the conclusion of all other authority." On July 17th, 1799, Morales published his regulations to the inferior officers and the people of the -provinces, so that (in his own language) "1all persons who wish to obtain lands may know in what manner they ought to ask for them, and on what conditions lands -can be granted and sold ; that those who are in possession without the necessary titles may know the steps they ought to take to come to an adjustment ; that the commandants and sub-delegates of the intendancy may be informed of what they ought to observe," &c. 2 White's Reco-
pilacion, 234.
By article eighteen, it is declared, - Experience proves, that a great number of those who have asked for land think themselves the legal owners of it ; those who have obtained the first decrees
by which the surveyor is ordered to measure and put them in pos-
session, others after a survey has been made, have neglected to ask the title for the property, and as like abuses continuing for a
longer time will augment the confusion and disorder which will necessarily result, - We declare that no one of those who have obtained said decrees, notwithstanding in virtue of them ihe survey has taken place, and that they have been put in possession, can be regarded as owners of land until their real titles are delivered completed, with all the formalities before recited."
The formalities recited ard found in the three preceding sections, which give precise instructions how the title is to be made out, and
where it is to be recorded, by the officers of the general intendan-
cy. The nineteenth article declares, -" All those who 'possess ' lands in virtue of formal titles made by the governors -[such as Delassus was] shall be protected and maintained in their possessions." And by article twenty, -" 1 Those who, without the title or pos-

JANUARY TERMA, 1846.

461

Les Bois v. Bramell.

session mentioned in the nineteenth article, are found occupying
lands, shall be driven therefrom, as from property belonging to the crown," unless they have occupied the same more than ten years.
The board of commissioners who confirmed Les Bois's claim acted on the principle, that the regulations of Morales were not in force in Upper Louisiana, more than those of the royal governors, O'Reilly and Gayoso. But as the Lieutenant-Governor, Delassus, referred the claimant in this case, and in all others so far as we know, to the general intendant for a title, and 'the instructions point out the terms on which a complete title can be had1 and the formalities with which it must be clothed, it is difficult to say on what grounds the commissioners come to the conclusion that Morales's regulations were not in force. The rules of proceeding of the board will be found in 5 D. Green's State Papers, 707, and the instructions to which they refer in 2 White's Recopilacion, 228-244.
In an affidavit found in the public documents, and furnished by the same board (5 D. Green's State Papers, 708), Delassus states his practice to have been, that, when a petition was presented for land, if he considered the petitioner possessed merits to entitle him to the concession it was granted, subject to the confirmation of the intendant-general, and that he made an order 6f survey ; these he
delivered to the petitioner ; but that he kept no books, nor did he make any registry of the decree or order of survey; and that whether the surveyor did so or not was no concern of his, the lieutenant-governor's, nor did he deem it material when the survey
was made ; as to this, there was no time limited. From this loose mode of proceeding, it is manifest the whole
matter of perfecting the title was referred to the intendant-general ; and he, and those acting subordinate to him in this respect, were undoubtedly governed by the intendant's regulations. As the king's representative and deputy, he was to judge whether the considerations moving the lieutenant-governor were such as warranted the grant ; next, whether conditions had been performed, &c. The granting power was in a great degree political, and altogether the exercise of royal authority, and of course subject to no supervision but by the same high authority itself. By the treaty, the United States assumed the same exclusive right to deal with the title in their piolitical and sovereign capacity, nor could the courts of justice be permitted to interfere ; if they could, and by their decrees complete the title, all power over the subject might have been defeated, not by the courts of the Union only, but by the State courts also. And therefore the contemporary construction and practical understanding of the treaty for forty years has been, that claims like the plaintiff's had no standing in a court of justice until confirmed by Congress, or by its authority,
Next, it is insisted that the confirmation of 1836 established the
MM *

462 1

SUPREME COURT. Les Bois v. Bramell.

original validity of Les Bois's title ; ,that this stands as an adjudged and concluded fact, which a court of justice cannot controvert ; and the confirmation having operated on the concession of 1802, therefore, by relation, it overreaches the confirmations of the town common of 1812 and 1831.
The doctrine of relation, in an action of ejectment, by which the legal title by patent is made to take date from the entry or inception of title, is. familiar in some of the States, and has been acted on in this. court. It applies where both the litigant parties have a grant ; the case of Ross v. Barland, 1 Peters, 655, was of this description. There the younger patent was founded on the best right in equity, standing in advance of either patent, and the equi-
ties were tried at law. But if the elder or better entry had not been carried into a grant, a court of equity might have administered the same measure of justice, and decreed tie land from the patentee, whose legal title was founded on the inferior equity. This is the constant practice in the State couris in similar cases. But
when courts of law go behind .ronflicting patents, and contest the equities on which they are founded, it has never been held thtawhe patent aided the equitable title ; it must come in support of the grant, and stand on its own merits. So in this case ; the plaintia'
admits her grant, of itself, is insufficient to authorize a recovery, and that she must go behind it ; - and there she is met by the objection, that her claim had no standing in a court of equity or of law, up to the date of its confirmation, and depended on the political power. The plaintiff's assumption comes only to this, that the United States erred in granting the common first, in prejudice of her better right to have the first grant. To this assumption, the answer is, that if the sovereign power wronged her, he is without remedy in a municipal court.
The second instruction given by the Circuit Court was, that the notice of claim filed with the recorder and exhibited to the board
was evidence of the extent of said claim to commons. The cbmpetency of the evidence was not objected to on part of the plaintiff; it was such as she herself resorted to, for the establishment of the extent and boundary of her own claim, and, aside from the legal and official survey of the commons made in 1832, is the only evidence of boundary that is likely to exist at no distant future day, and was the usual evidence introduced'to prove the fact before the survey of 1832 was made. The court gave no opinion on its effect, but properly left it to the jury.
The third instruction is, that if the jury believed the land in
dispute to lie within the bounds of the common confirmed by the acts of 1812 and 1831, then they should find for the defendant.
The first consideration on this instruction arises. on the act of July 4th, 1836, by which the plaintiff's claim was confirmed.
The fact, that claims embraced by the act interfered with lands

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

463

Lea Bois v. Bramell.

previously granted or sold by the United States, was well known to the commissioners, and in their report of 27th November, 1833
(5 D. Green's State Papers, 702), they state for $he information of Congress, that "1there are numerous cases of lanlds lying within
these French and Spanish claims belonging to individuals whose
right or claim originated under the government of the United States ; some depend on purchases; some on the law* allowing preemptions; some others on New Madrid' locations; and some again upon settlement rights which have been confirmed ; - that most of
these persons have been for a long time settled on their lands ; their claims being of a bona fide character, derived from the govern.
mert of the United States, they'went on to improve their lands, making for themselves and families comfortable homes, without any
belief that they would ever be interrupted in their possessions ; that should the claims reported by the board be confirmed by Congress, in whole or in part, Congress will, in their wisdom, no doubt
notice the suggestions here made, and carve out such a course as will quiet the uneasiness and anxiety which are felt, by doing every thing which even the most scrupulous demands of justice could requrveie."w1 of this report, Congress passed the aforesaia confirmatory

act, which declares, - " That if it shall be found that any tract or tracts confirmed as aforesaid, or any part thereof, had been previously located by any other person or persons, under any law of the United States, or had been surveyed and. sold by the United
States, this act shall confer no title to such lands 'n opposition to the r;ehts acquired by such location or purchase ; but the individual
or individuals whose claims are hereby confirmed shall be permitted to locate so much thereof as interferes with such location or purchase on other lands of the United States," &c.
The officers of the government administering the land department had to construe this law with its exceptions ; the matter was referred to.the Attorney-General, and in September, 1842, he gave it as his opinion, that the confirmations must yield to prior confirmations ; schdol sections, ordinary sales prior to the act of July 4th, 1836, &c.
A confirmation of a Spanish or French claim, either by a board of commissioners under the act of 1807, or by Congress directly,
or by the District Courts by force of the act of 1824, is a location of land by a law of the United States ; surveys -have been made and patents issued for such land in the great majority of instances, and it cannot be questioned, as we think, that a title thus protected by patent was intended to be carved out of the act of 1836 ; nor is it perceived how the St. Louis common can be in a worse condition, as the acts of 1812 and 1831 did not contemplate any further grant .than the acts themselves. import, and this conclusion is
greatly strQngthened by the following considerat.os. The plaintiff 's claim, and all others of a sir. lar character within

464

SUPRE-ME COURT.

Le Bois v. Bramell.

the St. Louis common, that is, such as"the board of commissioners from 1806 to 1812 had examined and rejected, were well known to Congress when the act of that year, confirming the common, was passed ; the report of the board had just then been returned to
Congress, and Mr. Penrose, one of its members, and Mr. Reddick, the clerk, were at Washington, as appears by their letters. The two of Mr. Penrose were communicated to the Iiouse of Repre-
sentatives, and that of Mr. Reddick to the chairman of the committee of public lands (2 American State Papers, 447-451) ; they gave the information on which Congress proceeded in acting on the report, as the letters plainly show. The same information was part of the public and printed documents of Congress when the second
confirming act of 1831 was passed ; and when it was known, Spanish and French pretensions to claim conflicting with the common stood barred. In 1832, the common was officially and legally surveyed, pursuant to the act of. May 26th, 1824, -and the survey stood recorded in due form in 1836, when the plaintiff got her tide.
These laws, and the acts done by the United States in pursuance of them, we suppose, made and located the common's title As effectually as a patent co ild have done, and brought it within the exception 'of the act of 1836 ; and that the plaintiff Les Bois's confirmation was intended to give her land elsewhere, without disturbing the opposing title.
For another reason, we think the instruction was proper. When the country was acquired, the title to the land in dispute passed from France to the United States ; on this government was imposed the duty by the treaty to satisfy individual and unperfected claims. This was to be 'done in a due exercise of the political power, to whose justice alone the claimant could appeal, and to whose decision she was compelled to submit ; and there being two adverse claims to the same land, equally inchoate, and the governmerit, being unable to confirm both, was under the necessity of determining between them ; and-, having granted the land to one, necessarily rejected the pretension of the other to the same land ; and therefore'the first grantee took the legal and exclusive title.
But where there, is a second confirmation, as in the instance before us, then the justice of the government must be relied on by the second grantee for compensation ; and this compensation the act of 1836 has provided. The last ground is the one on which the decision in the case of Chouteau v. Eckhart proceeded, in regard to the St. Charles common ; and which doctrine, we think, applies equally to the present controversy.
For the several reasons above stated, it is ordered, that the judgment of the Circuit Court be affirmed.

122

SUPREME COURT.

Paigo v. Sessions.

JoHN C. P.&mn,-PL~iNirr ix znox, v. MaAz. A. Sxssoxn.
The decision of this court in the case of Price v. Sessions (3 Howard, 624) review. ed and confirmed.
THIs case was brought up,.by writ of error, from the Cimit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Mississip'pie facts in the case brining it within the principles of the case of Price v. Sessions, decided at the last term of this court, .Mr. Criilenden, on behalf of the defendant in error, submittea it without argument.
Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This writ of error brings before us a case from the Circuit Court for the Southern District of Mississippi.
At May term, 1840, a judgment was obtained by the plaintiff against J. R. Brown, James Magee, and E. J. Sessions, for two thousand two hundred and sixty.three dollars, on which judgment an execution was issued the 12th January, 1842, which was levied on a large amount of personal property, supposed, as stated in the return of the marshal, to belong ta E. J. Sessions. .A part of this property was claime by Martha A. Sessions, the wife of E. J. Sessions, as devisee of Russel Smith, deceased. A bond being given by the claimant, and pleadings being filed, under the statute of Mississippi, the -right of property was submitted to a jury, who found the title to it in the said Martha, and that it was not subject to the above execution ; on which verdict judgment was entered. On the trial, a bill of exceptions was filed by the pk intiff, in which was set out the record of the original judgment and execution, the will of Russel Smith, and the probate of the same, the inventory and appraisement of the property of the deceasad, and other evidence. It is unnecessary to state this evidence in detail, or to consider the legal questions which were raised in the case, as, on the same state of facts, the same legal questions were considered and decided at the last term of this court, in the case of Price v. Sessions, 3 Howard, 624. The rulings of the ccurt in that case were sustained, and the judgment was affirmed ; imd the judgment in this case is also affirmed, with costs.

298

SUPREME COURT.

Knox et a]. v. Smith et al.

we have no power to look into the bill, on a writ of error, as it is the creature of statute, and restricted to the points stated. 13 Edw.
1, c. 31. And only so much of the evidence given on the trial as
may be necessary to pesent the legal questions thus raised and noted should be carried into the bill of exceptions. All beyond serves only to enctimber and confuse the record, and to peiplex
and embarrass both court and counsel. We have no concern, on a writ of error, with questions of fact, or
whether the finding of the jury accords with the weight of the evidence. The law has provided another remedy for errors of this description, namely, a motion in the court below for a new trial, on a case made. More attention t6 the practice in drawing up the bill of exceptions, and to method and order in making up the error
books,-would greatly relieve the court, avd enable counsel to bring out more readily and distinctly for- coiisideration the legal questions involved. The earlier forms under the statute giving the bill of exceptions are models which it would be wise to consult and
adhere to.
We think the judgment in the Circuit Court should be afrmed.

JoHN KNo, J~xts Bowas, AND Simas A. KNqox, TRADING UNDER T=E FiRx or KNox, BOGGS, & Co., APPELLANTS, v. PEYTON SMrTH AND
OTHERS, DEFENDANTS.

A bill in chancery which recites, that the complainants had recovered ajudgment at

law in a court of the United States, upon which an execution had issued and been

levied upon certain property by the marshal; that another person, claiming to

hold the property levierupon by virtue of some fraudulent deed of trust, had ob-

tained a process from a State court, by which the sheriff had taken the property

out of the hands of the marshal; and praying that the property might be sol,

cannot be sustained.

I

If the object had been to set aside the deed of trust as fraudulent, the fraud, with

the facts connected with it, should have been alleged in the bill.

There exists a plain remedy at law. The marshal might have brought trespass

against the sheri or applied to the court of the United States for an attach.

mient. No relief can be given by a court of equity, unless the complainant, by his allega-
tions and proof, has shown that he is entitled to relief.

THIs was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of West Tennessee, sitting as a court of equity. The appellants had filed a bill against the defendants, which bill was-dismissed by the Circuit Court.
The facts in the case were these. On the 23d of March, 1839, Probert P. Collier, of the county of Tipton and State of Tennessee, executed to Peyton Smith, of the same State, a deed of trust, reciting the indebtedness of Collier to sundry persons, and proceeding as follows :-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

299

Knox et al. v. Smith et al.

"Now, the above-named creditors, to wit, Robert B. Clarkson, Jordan Brown, Isaac Killough, Stephen Smith, James D. Holmes,
Samuel A. Holmes, Joseph T. Collier, and Forsythe, Goodwin, & Co., merchants of New Orleans, being willing to wait and give the further indulgence of !eighteen months longer from the date of tfiis indenture with the said Probert P. Collier, upon having their debts and the interest accruing thereon ; and the said Probert P. Collier being willing to give them a certain assurance that their money shall be paid at the expiration of eighteen months from this date ; and the said Probert P. Collier being extremely desirous to save harmless and secure from all liabilities his indorsers as above described on the several notes already specified in this indenture
as such indors'ers. " Now, therefore, this indenture witnesseth, that the said Probert
P. Collier, as well in consideration of securing the said Robert B. Clarkson, Jordan Brown, Isaac Killough, Stephen Smith, James D. Holmes, Samuel A. Holmes, Joseph T. Collier, and Forsythe, Goodwin, & Co., merchants of New Orleans, in the faithful payment of their debts and interest as aforesaid, and securing and saving harmless his indorsers as aforesaid, as also the sum of one dollar to him the said Probert P. C61lier in hand paid by the said Peyton Smith, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, bath this day granted, bargained, sold, transferred, assigned, and set over, and by these presents doth grant, bargain, sell, transfer, as-
sign, and set over unto the said Peyton Smith the fdllowing real estate and personal property, to wit, as hereafter described, to
wit: " (The deed then enumerated several tracts of land, some slaves,
horses, mules, and furniture, and proceeded as follows'.)" "And each and every of them to the said Peyton Smith, his
heirs and assigns, to the proper use and behoof of the said Peyton Smith, his heirs and assigns, for ever.
"In trust, however, and to the intent ar ' nurpose, that if the said three notes, payable to the said Robert B. Ctlarkson, for six hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars each, dates as above dscribed ; also the note, payable to Jordan Brown, for one hundred and eighty-two dollars, on which said note there has a judgment been obtained before Robert J. Mitchell, justice for said county ; also the note, payable at the Memphis Bank, indorsed by Joseph T. Collier, James D. Holmes, and Samuel A. Holmes, for five hundred and forty-four dol. lars, now in judgment in the Tipton Circuit Court; the one payn ble to Forsythe, Goodwin, & Co., commission merchants of New Orleans, for five hundred and sixty-one dollars, now in a judgment as above described ; also the note, payable to Isaac Killough, for four hundred and twenty-one aollars, now in a judgment as before described ; the one payable to Randolph Merchants' Association, for two hundred dollars, indorsed by Gabriel Smither, James D. Holmes,

300

SUPREME COURT.

Knox et al. v. Smith et al.

and Samuel Glass, dates as above described . the one payable to Stephen Smith, for. nine -hundred dollars, dates not recollected ; the one payable to the Branch Bank of the. State of Tennessee,

at Sommerville, for five hundred and eighty-one dollars, dates not

recollected, indorsed by Joseph T. -Collier and James Hudley ;

the one, payable to James D. Holmes, and Samuel A. Eloines, mercha'nts, for three hundred and fifty dollars, due and payable 1st

of January, 1839 ; the note, payable to Joseph T: Collier, for the

sum of four hundred dollars, dates not recollected. All of the above notes not well and truly paid, with all lawful interest accru-

ing thereon ; and if each of his indorsers, as appear on the several notes described in this indenture, are not entirely secure from each

and all of their liabilities by him, the said Probert P. Collier, or

some other person for him, before the expiration of eighteen

months from this date ; then and in that case the said Peyton

Smith, in executing this trust, hereby taken upon himself, advertise the said real and personal property for the space of twenty days,

in a paper printed at Randolph, Tennessee, and by written advertisements, at four of the most public places in the county, one

of which shall be at the court-house door of the county aforesaid,

that he will expose to the highest bidder the said, land and negroes,

horses, mules,- household furniture, and kitchen furniture, spinning-

machine and loom, the barouche and harness, wagon and gear, and blacksmith's tools ; one of the said lots in the town of Covington,

the one on which the said Probert P. Collier resides, on a partic-

ular day, for ready money; and if the money be not still paid on that day, designated as aforesaid, then the said Peyton Smith sball

proceed to sell the above described real and personal property for

ready money to the highest bidder, and after such sale, to make good and sufficient deeds and bills of sale in fee for said property,

conveying all the right and title the said, Probert P. Collier or his

heirs may have in and to the same.

"And this indenture further witnesseth, that the said.Probert P. Collier is to still keep and retain the said land and personal proper-

ty as above described in his own possession, subject for all losses which the said property may sustain, until the expiration of eight-

een months from this date ; and provided, nevertheless, that if the

said money and interest should be paid before the day of sale herein mentioned, and his indorsers secure from liabilities as afore-

said, then this indenture to be wholly void and of no effect, either

in law or equity. "In witness whereof, the said Probert P. Collier hereunto sets

his hand and seal, this the 23d of"'Iarch, 1839.

PROBERT P. COLLIER. [SEAL.]

"Winessed by PEYTON SMITH.

[SEAL.]

J. P. FARRINGTON,

F. "X. GREEN."

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

01

Knox et al. v. Smith et.al.

On the 4th of December, 1839iKnox, Boggs, &Co., citizens of Pennsylvania, brought a suit in the District Court of the United States, possessing Circuit Court jurisdiction, and sitting for the District of West Tennessee, against Thomas Eckford and Probert P. Collier, as indorsers of sundry promissbry notes held by
Knox, Boggs, & Co. On the 8th of April, 1840, a'judgment was rendered against
these defendants in the above court, for the sum of $ 3,56 '20. On the 24th of April, 1840, a writ offierifacias, founded on the
foregoing judgment, was issued, and the execution levied on seven-
teen negroes and four mules, as the property of P. P. Collier, being a part of the property included within the deed to Peyton Smith.
A forthcoming bond was taken, with the following condition :-

"1Now, if the said P. P. Collier shall deliver the property at

Covington, on the 21st day of September, 1840, then and there to

be sold to satisfy said judgment and cost, then this obligation to be

void ; else, to remain in full force.

(Signed,)

P. P. COLLIER. [SEAL.]

M. BRYAN.

[SEAL.]

HY. FEEZER.

[SEAL.]

FRED. R. SMITH. [SEAL.]"

About this time, although the record does not say precisely when, Smith, the trustee, applied to the judge of the District Court for an injunction to restrain the sale, upon the ground that the -proprqbelonged to him and not to Collier, but the judge declined to grai,, it. He then applied to the Chancery Court ai Brownsville (a State court of Tennessee), and, upon filing his bill for relief, ob-
tained an injunction. On the 21st of September, 1840, when the property was to be
delivered under the forth-c0ming bond, the marshal made the following return.

"Bond forfeited, and sale of the negroes and mules levied on enjoined by order of the Chancery Court at Brownsville, 21st Sept., 1840.
ROB'T J. CHESTER, far. West Tenn."

On the 27th of October, 1840, an alias fieri facias was issued

upon the judgment in the District Court,: and placed in the hands of

the marshal, who levied-it, on-the 6th of November, upon the same

negroes and mules which were the subjects of the former execu-

tion. Another forthcoming bond was given for the delivery of the

property on the 5th of December, 1840.

,On the 20th of Novehiber, 1840,,the Chancery Court at Browns-

ville issued the following order.

VOL. TV..

z

302

SUPREME COURT

Knox et al. v. Smith et al.

"STATE OF TENNESSEE :
To the Sheriff of Tipton County, greeting:
. Whereas, it hath been represented unto the chancellor, in our 'Chancery Court af Brownsville, in the western division of the State of Tennessee aforesaid, on the part of Peyton Smith, trustee, &c., complainant, that he has lately exhibited his amended bill of complaint in our said Chancery Court, against Knox, Boggs, & Co., P. P. Collier, and Robert J. Chester, defendants, to be relieved touching the matters therein complained of; in which said bill it is, among other matters, set forth, that the said defendants are combining and confederating to injure the complainant touching the matters set forth in said bill, and that their actings and doings in that behalf are contrary to equity and good conscience.
"We, therefore, in consideration of the premises, do strictly command you, the said sheriff of Tipton county, Tennessee, that you do absolutely seize and take into your possession, immediately and forthwith, at all hazards, the following negro slaves, to wit : Jack, Jim, Jane, Marcella, Zilpha, Washington, Margaret, Doll, Bryant, Toney, Catharine, Cully, Cynthia, Sam, John, Clara, and -Lucinda, heretofore levied on by the marshal of West Tennessee, as the properly of said Collier, to satisfy a judgment in favor of said Knox, Boggs, & Co. ; and do you safely and gecurely keep said slaves, so that you have them forthcoming to abide the further order of our said Chancery Court ; and this you shall in no wise omit, under the penalty prescribed by law.
" Witness, Sheppard M. Ashe, clerk and master of our said court, at office, in Brownsville, this second Monday in.November, 1840, and in the 65th year of American independence.
SHEPPARD M. ASHE, Clerk and Master."

On the 5th of December, 1840, when the second forthcoming bond was due, the sheriff, acting under the order of the Chancery Court of the State, and the marshal, acting under the execution issued by the District Court of the United States, both made returns.
The sheriff's return was as follows : -
11 Levied this attachment on all the within-named negroes, except
Jim, who was not found, nor was he levied on by the marshal of Tennessee.
" Dec. 5th, 1840. J. HORNE, Sheriff Tipton county."

The marshal's return was as follows : -

"1The property executed, delivered according to bond; and then arrested from me by the sheriff of Tipton, under an order of

the Chancery Court at Brownsville ; bill filed ; see inclosed.

"5th Dec., 1840.

ROB. J. CHESTER, Mar."

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

303

Knox et al. v. Smith et al.

On the 8th of April, 1841i Knox, Boggs, & Co. filed a bill in the District Court of the United States (the same gourt in
which they had obtained their judgment), reciting all the circumstances of the case, stating that Smith claimed under a fraudulent deed of trust, and alleging that a State court had no right, power, or jurisdiction to enjoin the process issued from tht District Court that Collier and the securities upon the delivery bond combined and confederated with Peyton Smith to prevent the sale of the prdperty levied upon, and so defeat the execution of the complainants, who had now no adequate and complete remedy at law. The bill prayed that Collier and Smith and all the securities might be made defendants to answer, and that the property might be sold to pay the judgment obtained by the complainants.
Some of the defendants demurred to the bill, but the demurrers were overruled, and they were ordered to answer.
On the 10th of November, 1841, the Chancery Court at Brownsville passed, the following decree in the case of the bill which had been filed by Peyton Smith, and in which he had obtained an injunction, as before stated.

" Be it remembered, that this cause came on to be heard on this, the tenth day of November, eighteen hundred and 4fr1y-one, before the Hon. A. McCampbell, chancellor, upon the orders pro confesso
against said defendants. And it appearing to the satisfaction of the court, that in March, eighteen hundred and thirty-nine, defendant Collier made a deed conveying to complainant, amongst other things, the following negro slaves, to wit : Jack, Jim, Washington, Margaret, Doll, Marcella, Zilpha, Bryan, Toney, Catharine, Cully, Chloe, Phillis, Sam, John, Lucinda, and Cynthia; which said deed was executed by said Collier to complainant in trust to secure the payment of certain debts in the same specified ; and by the terms of said deed said Collier was to remain in possession of the property conveyed in the same for the space of eighteen months from and after the execution of said deed ; and in the event that the debts specified in said deed were not paid on or before the expiration of the eighteen months from the time of the execution of said deed, the property specified in the same was to be sold by complaitant, and the proceeds arising from said sale to be applied
by him to the liquidation and settlement of the debts set forth in said deed.
SArid it further appearing, that said deed was duly proven and registered, and that the debts specified in said deed are bond fide, and due and owing, with the exception of about five hundred dollars, which has been paid by said Collier since the execution of said deed ; and that said deed was executed in good faith, and there is rib fraud in the same.
" And it further appearing to the satisfaction of the court, that after

304

SUPREME COURT.

Knox ot al. v. Smith et al.

the execution, probate, and registration of said deed, defendants Knox, Boggs, & Co. recovered a judgment* in the District Court of the United States, in the eighth circuit, for the State of Tennessee, at Jackson, for about the sum of three thousand four hundred and sixty-two dollars and twenty cents ; upon which said
judgment a writ of fierifaciasissued to defendant Chester ; who, by virtue of said writ of.ieri facias, seized and took into his possession said negro slaves, Jack, Jim, Washington, Doll, Marcella, Zilpha, Bryant, Toney, Catharine, Cully, Chloe, Phillis, Cynthia, Sam, John, and Lucinda, and that defendant Chester was about to
sell and dispose of said negroes slaves. " And it further appearing to the satisfaction of the court, that
defendants acquired no lien on any of said several negroes slaves by virtue of their said judgment and execution ; and that said slaves
ought not to be appropriated in satisfaction of the same. "It is therefore ordered, adjudged, and decreed by the court, that
the injunction heretofore awarded in this cause be made perpetual ; and that said defendants Knox, Boggs, & Co., and said Robert J. Chester, be, and are hereby, restrained perpetually from selling or otherwise controlling either of said slaves under and by virtue of
said judgment and execution. "It is further ordered, that the sheriff of Tipton county deliver
said negroes over to complainant ; that complainant pay all costs herein expended, for which execution may issue. And that complainant recover of defendants Knox, Boggs, & Co., and Robert J. Chester, the costs of suit herein expended; and that defendant Collier recover of complainant the cost by him about this suit expended; for which executions may issue."

In April, 1842, the respondents answered the bill filed by Knox, Boggs, & Co. in the District Court. It will only be necessary to refer to the answers of Smith and Collier. Smith
denied that the deed of trust made to him was fraudulent as against creditors, but averred that the same was made in good faith ; that he was governed by no other feeling or desire than a wish to discharge his duty as trustee ; that the cestui qu. trust looked to him to protect the property ; denied all combination and confederation with any person, &c., &c. Collier admitted the truth of the facts as they are set forth in the preceding part of this statement,
denied that the deed to Smith was fraudulent, but averred that it was made in good faith, &c., &c.
In May, 1842, a general replication was filed by the complainants. On'the 5th of August, 1842,' interrogatories were filed on the part of the complainants, and the depositions of four person taken.
Chester, the marshal, was asked to state the value of the property conveyed by the deed of trust, to which he answered' as follows.
.Inswer. 11 I believe, from the ages, &o , of the negroes mentioned

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

305

Knox et al. v. Smith et al.

in the deed of trust, and what I saw of them when delivered to me, that they were worth, at the date of conveyance, seven to eight thousand dollars .;, I do not know what the mules and horses are worth, nor am I acquainted with the -value of the land or the town lots."
Harris and Smith answered as follows. .8nswer. III, J. W. Harris, have examined the deed referred to
in said interrogatory, and suppose the negroes, judging from their age and size, as stated in said deed of trust, to have been worth, at
the date df said deed, seven thousand six hundred and fifty dollars ; not being personally acquainted with but few of them, can only state their value from what appears to be their ages in the deed. Horses and mules supposed to be worth four hundred dollars; household and kitchen furniture supposed to be worth four hundred and eleven dollars, including spinning-machine, barouche, blacksmith's tools, and loom. As to the land, I have no idea what it was worth, never having been upon it that I know of, and not being acquainted with the value of land." ,
111, A. W. Smith, answer and say, that I am acquainted with the property conveyed in the deed mentioned in the above interrogatory, and believe it to have been worth, at the date of the said deed, ten thousand three hundred and sixty-six dollars."
Clarkson was interrogated is to the amount which Collier owed to him, to which he responded, that it was a balance of eleven or twelve hundred dollars.
On the 16th of October, "'43, the cause came on to be heard on bill, answers, replication, and proof, when the bill was dismissed, with costs. From which decree an appeal brought the case up to this court.
The case was argued by ,Mr, Brinley, for the appellants, and

J.1r. JXilton Brown, for the appellees.

AXr. Brinley, for the appellants.

It may -beproper to make two statements, preliminary to arguing

the points which are most material. The one is, that the original

action was instituted in the District Court of the United States for

West Tennessee. That was a correct proceeding, because that

court had Circuit Court jurisdiction imposed upon it by the act of

January 18th, 1839. 5 Lit. & Brown's ed. 313.

The other remark is, that the delivery bonds adverted to were

taken in conformity to the laws of Tennessee. They provide,

that when any execution may be levied on real or personal prop-

erty, if the debtor shall give sufficient security to the officer to

have the goods and chattels forthcoming at the day and place of

sale, it shall be the duty of the officer to take a bond payable to the

creditor for double the amount of execution, reciting the service of

VOL. Iv.

39

z*

306

SUPREME COURT.

Knox et al. v. Smith et al.

the execution, and the amount of the money due thereon, conditioned for the true performance of the same. Laws of Tennessee, 1801, ch. 13 (Caruthers & Nicholson's Compilation, 129).
The act of Tennessee of 1831, ch. 25, provides, in the first section, that the securities in such a bond, if forfeited, shall not be responsible for more than the value of the property. The second section provides, that if an execution be levied upon personal property, and bond and securityshall be given for the delivery of the property upon the day of sale, and the bond shall be forfeited, in whole or in part, then the officer shall proceed to levy upon so much of the defendant's property as may be found, as shall be sufficient to satisfy the execution ; if he finds no property of the
defendant, then he shall levy upon property of the security or securities in said forfeited delivery bond. Laws of Tennessee (Caruthers & Nicholson's Compilation), 129.
Let us now pass to the consideration of the points arising out of an examination of the deed of trust. It is dated March 14th,
1839 ; and by it Collier conveys to Smith six parcels of real estate, negroes, horses, mules, furniture, and other property, in trust, to pay certain notes with interest, provided they are not paid by said Collier, or some other person for him, before the -expiration of eighteen months from the date of the deed ; if not paid by that time, Smith is to sell the property at auction for ready money. By the deed, Collier is to keep and retain the land and personal
property in his own possession until the expiration of said eighteen
months.
The deed is made to secure the paymert of twelve notes,
amounting to a trifle over $ 6,000. The i alue of the property conveyed, according to the testimony of Smith, is $ 10,366.
Such an amount of property conveyed to secure, not all, but a portion, of Collier's creditors, without any stipulations for a re-
lease, indicates fraud in regard to other creditors ; more especially as there is no proof of the validity of the debts. By the laws of Tennessee, every gift, &c., made with the intent to delay or defraud creditors of their just and lawful actions, suits, debts, &c., 'are wholly and utterly void, except as against the person making the same. Act of 1801, ch. 25, § 2.
Again ; the deed of trust had matured before the second levy of the plaintiff's execution, and the property remained in the hands of the debtor ; that is, the tristee had not taken possession of it at the time limited for the payment of the money. There was no proof that the trust was bond fide. The legal presumption upon this state of facts is, that the trust iz fraudulent and void as to creditors, and the onus lies on thetrustee to prove the contrary, and to
prove the validity of the debts.
Possession remaining with the vendor, after an absolute sale, or with the grantor or mortgagor in deeds of trust and mortgage, after

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

7

Knox et al. r. Smith et al.

the time when the debt secured by the latter should be paid, is primafacie evidence of fraud ; but the presumption of fraud may be repelled by proof of fairness in the transaction, and that the instruments were execu4te4d0.for an adequate consideration. Maney v. Killough, 7 Yerger,
The marshal, therefore, had a right to levy on the slaves as the property of the debtor. The property had been levied on by the marshal, on the first execution, and a bond taken before the trust matured, and the bond was forfeited. But that did not prevent the trustee from taking possession of the negroes after the bond was forfeited; because a forfeiture of 'the bond released the property from all lien or liability on account of the levy, and it again became
a part of the debtor's general property, and might have deen taken by the trustee, without legal hindrance, so far as the first levy was
concerned.
Where an execution is levied, and bond taken for the delivery
of the property on the day of sale, the lien of the execution continues until the bond is forfeited. It is then discharged, and the property is subject to the claims of other creditors. Malone r.
Abbott, 8 Humphrey, 532.
The levy of the marshal was therefore valid as against the trust, which, for want of proof to the contrary, was fraudulent. This
levy vested the title in the marshal for the benefit of the plaintiffs, to pay their debt by execution ; it was a lien created by law, which
could not be enforced at law, because the marshal was forcibly prevented by the interference of the State tribunals, called into existence by the defendants. Their only remedy was in equity to enforce their lien, to prevent multiplicity of suits, conflicts of jurisdiction, and to inquire into the fraudulent conveyance by the deed
o. f Atrujustd.gment creditor, having a lien on personal property, has a right to come into chancery to remove obstacles thrown in the way of the due execution of his process by a levy and seizure of the property by-a junior judgment creditor. Parrish v. Saunders
et al., 3 Humphrey, 431. This is an analogous case. The courts of Tennessee have decided, that a suit in equity can
be brought for slaves, from the peculiar nature of the property. Loftin v. Espy. 4 Yerger, 84. q fortiori, to enforce a lien upon them.
Lastly ; the State court had no authority to enjoin an execution issuing from a court of the United States. McKim v. Voorhies, 7
Cranch, 279 ; 3 Story on the Constitution, 625, §§ 1751, 1752 ; United States v. Wilson, 8 Wheat. 253 ; I Kent's Comm. 409. It is true that the .national courts have no authority (in cases not within the appellate jurisdiction of the United States) to issue injunctions to judgments in the State courts ; or in any other manner
to interfere with their jurisdiction or proceedings. 3 Story on the

we

SUPREMkE COURT.

Knox et al. v. Smith et al.

Constitution, 626, § 1753 ; Diggs et al. v. Wolcott, 4 Cranch, 179. But the federal court had complete jurisdiction in this case, by injunction, to prevent the sale of the property levied upon by execution from its court. Parker v.*The Judges of the Circuit
Court of Maryland, 12 Wheat. 561. And as the State and federal courts had concurrent jurisdiction (Act of September 24th, 1789, § 11 ; I Lit. & Brown's ed. 78) of the action brought at law, and the suit in equity which arose out of it, the federal court having first acquired jurisdiction, the same cannot afterwards be taken from it by the State courts. Under such circumstances, the aid of
the United States court is not an irregular interference with the proceedings of the State tribunal.
If the State courts have jurisdiction to enjoin the marshal from selling specific property in possession of the defendant, they may enjoin for all his property, or for any number of adverse claimants; and thus, in effect, entirely defeat the plaintiff's execution. At the same lime, an injurious conflict of jurisdiction would be produced, inconsistent with the harmony which ought to exist between the State and federal jurisdictions. "Where the-jurisdiction of the federal courts has once attached, no subsequent change in the relation or condition of the parties will oust the jurisdiction. The strongest considerations of utility and convenience require that, the jrisdiction being once vested, the action of the court shall not be limited, but that it should proceed to make a final disposition of the subject." United States v. Myers. et al., 2 Brockenbrough's Rep. 516.

JMr. .Milton Brown, for the appellees.
The principal and leading question in this case arises on the demurrer to the bill , for if this be adjudged for the appellees, there is an end of the case.
The bill, if its allegations be true, states a case, of clear and unembarrassed remedy at law. When analyzed, it amounts to this:That complainants had recovered a judgment at law, on which execution issued, and had been levied by the marshal of West Tennessee, on seventeen negroes and four mules, the property of Col-
lier, one of the debtors in the execution, for the forthcoming of which, on the day of sale, a delivery bond had been .taken, with sureties. .That one" Peyton Smith had applied to the Circuit Court of the Tlnited States, from which the execution had issued, for an injunction to restrain the sale of said negroes ; which application, however, was refused by the cotjrt. That afterwards, the property not having been delivered on the day of sale, the bond was forfeited ; and on this judgment of forfeiture another execution issued against the defendants in the original judgment, and, also the sure-
ties in the furfeited delivery bend ; on which last execution another levy was made,'and another del very bond, with new surety, taken.

JANUJARY TERM, 1846.

309

Knox et a]. v. Smith .ot al.

The bill then adds :-" Upon this last execution the marshal made the following ren: "-" The property executed, delivered according to bond, and then arrested from me by the sheriff of Tip-
ton, under order of the Chancery Court at Brownsville, 5th
December, 1840." The next two paragraphs then disclose the points on which the
supposed equity of the bill is made to rest. They moaas follows "And your orators further show, -that the said Peyton Smithy
although your honor refused to grant an injunction restraining the sale of said negroes levied upon, has, by some means or other, procured from the State courts of the State of Te.nessee a process of injunctioni or some other process, enjoining the, sale of said negroes and property levied upon by virtue of the executions issuing from your honorable court, and has procured- one Josiah Home, the sheriff of Tipton county, a citizen of the State of Tennessee, to arrest and take possession of said negroes from the custody of the marshal of this court ; and the said Josiah Home has still possession of'said property so levied upon as aforesaid, and refuses to deliver the same to the marshal of the Western ]Dis-
trict, to be sold according to law.
"Your orators further show, that said negroes and mules were the property of said Probert P. Collier, and liable to be sold for the debt due to your orators, and that the State courcs had no right, power, or jurisdiction to enjoin the process issued from this honorable court ; and your orators believe, and so charge, that the said Collier and the securities upon said delivery bond combined and confederated with said Peyton Smith to prevent the sale of the property levied upon, and so defeat the execution of your orators ; and your orators have now no adequate and complete rem-
edy at law."
On mese vague*uncertainties and allegations, meaning nothing and amounting to nothing, the debtors in the r;ginal judgment, the sureties to both the delivery bonds, and Peyton Smith and the sheriff of Tipton, are all made defendants. And it is only remarkable, that in this wholesale business, the chancellor of West
Tennessee was not included.
The prayer of the*bill for specific relief is, - 1. That the negroes" be sold to pay~the judgment due to your orators." 2.
" That said defendants be jointly and severally bound personally to pay said judgment and interest to your orators." And lastly,
"That said negroes be forthcoming, to abide the decree of this honorable court." An injunction was.prayed for, but not granted.
To this bill the defendants severally demurred. The demurrers were overruled by the court below, and the defendants required to answer. And now comes up the question, whether there is suflicient equity in the bill, and stated with sufficient legal certainty, to
authorize a decree to be made on it.

310

SUPREME COURT.

Knox et al. v. Smith et al.

And first, as to the defendant Peyton Smith, against whom there is equity, if against any one. The point is, the improper suing out of process and arresting the property from the possession of
the marshal. If it be the design of the bill to invoke the chancery powers of
the court, to control or decide any real or supposed conflict be-
tween the federal and State judiciaries, the exercise of such a power would be alike unwarranted and dangerous.
But this is probably not the object of the bill. It proceeds on the ground that the process was wholly and absolutely void. What the process was, whether an injunction or a final process of exe-
cution, either in law or chancery, is not stated. The vague and unmeaning allegation is, that it was "a process of injunction, or
some other process." Nor is it stated on what this very uncertain process was sued
out, or on what it was founded; whetiler on a final decree in chancery, on a final judgment at law, or on an application for an injunction, does not appear with any degree of legal certainty. The allegations are, that said Peyton Smith, "1by some means or other,"
"1procured from the State courts of the State of Tennessee a process of injunction, or some other process," by which the sale
of the slaves by the marshal had been prevented ; and that the State courts "had no' right, power, or jurisdiction" to issue this
process.
Now, if these allegations be true, the process. whatever it might be, was absolutely void, and all actin - under it trespassers.
The marshal should have paid no attention to it; and if the property was taken without his consent, an action of trespass or trover, in his name, by virtue of his levy, was the plain remedy. If the process in the hands of the marshal was, as is here alleged, wrong-
fully and unlawfully obstructed or interfered with, it certainly furnishes no ground on which to invoke the chancery powers of the court. The case would be much nearer the province of a grand jury than the conscience of a chancellor.
In this it is not designed to intimate, that, in point of fact, there was any unlawful or improper interference rith the rights of the marshal or the complainants. Nor is it designed to intimate that there was any conflict of jurisdiction between the federal and State
courts. It is believed there was no such interference, and no such conflict. But for the purposes of the argument on the demurrer, the facts are taken as stated in the bill.
The attempt in the appellant's brief to sustain the bill, on the
ground of its being filed to set aside a fraudulent deed of trust, finds no support in the allegations or frame of the bill itself. The case made in the bill is the alleged improper issuance of the process from the State courts, and the seizure of the property. On what
this process issued, as already clearly shown, is not stated. There

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

311

Knox et al. v. Smith et al.

is nothing on the face of the bill to show, with sufficient legal certainty, that the existence of a deed of trust is the subject of com-
plaint. "Every material fact to which the plaintiff means to offer evi-
dence ought to be distinctly stated in the premises." Story's Eq. Pl. § 26. If fraud is charged, it must be distinctly"and clearly set out. Story's Eq. P1. § 251.
The only reference in the bill to a deed of trust is a mere. historical reference in the statement that Peyton Smith had applied
to the Circuit Court of the United States for an injunction, which was refused. It is not charged that any other or further use was
ever made or intended to be made of it.
Before the issuance of the "process" from the State courts, of which complaint is made, ,there had, as appears on the face of the bill, been an entire change in the nature of the question. The delivery bond had been forfeited, a new statutory judgment 'ad
attached, a new execution had issued, embracing not merely the former defendants, but the sureties in the delivery bond also, a new levy under this execution had been made, &c., &c. This "1pro-
cess, therefore, which is spoken of in the bill in such remarkably indefite terms, might have been founded on an intervening judgment or decre6 in chancery, taking priority of lien, as happened in the case of Brown v. Clarke, decided at the present term of this court. In that case it was decided that, on the f6rfeiture of a delivery bond, the first lien was extinguished and a new lien attached, and that intervening liens might take precedence. May this not have been the case in this very instance, so far as any thing appears
on the face of the bill ? In fact, the language of the bill favors this conclusion. It says that, "by some means or other," process was sued out. Does this not leave it wholly uncertain whether
this proeess was obtained by "Iomeans" of a deed of trust, or by that "Other" means referred to? But again; the bill says there was sued out" a process of injunction, or some other process," thus leaving it entirely uncertain what that " other process" was. Might not that "other process" here referred to have been founded on an intervening judgment or decree, creating a prior
lien, and entitled to prior satisfaction ? These considerations are deemed sufficient to show that the
reference to the deed of trust in the bill is too indefinite and uncertain to require an answer, or form an issue, and can furnish no
possible ground for equitable interference. A statement of facts, to form the. basis of relief, must not be vague and uncertain. And if, as in this case, they are stated in the alternative, or are otherwise left doubtful, it is such uncertainty as will be bad on general demurrer. Story's Eq. P1. §§ 243-249 and 450.
Upon what ground the sureties in the delivery bonds have been made parties it is hard to perceive. Complainants already hc

312

SUPREME COURT

Knox et al. v. Smith et al.

Judgments and executions aginst them on the forfeiture; what more Id they want ? There is nothing in the bill against them, except a general charge of combination and confederacy, which cannot be a sufficient ground of jurisdiction ; and, if charged, need not be answered. Story's Eq. P. §§ 29 and 856.
If the demurrers are sustained by the court, there is, of course,
an end of the case ; should they be overruled, another question presents itself. Can the reference to a deed of trust, in the
answer, put that in issue which was not substantially relied on in the bill ? That it cannot is clear. Gresley on Ev. 22 ; Story's Eq. P. § 36, in note ; Boone v. Chiles, 10 Peters, 209 ; Harrison and others v. Nixon, 9 Peters, -503 ; Jackson v. Ashton, 1I Peters, 249. In this last case the court say, -" It may
be proper to observe, that no admissions in an answer can, under any circumstances, lay the foundation for relief under any specific head of equity, unless it be substantially set forth in the
bill." But there is another reason why the statement in the answers, in
the present condition of the case, cannot be regarded. The real persons interested in the deed of trust are not made parties ; and this may also be regarded as another proof that the bill is framed with a view to no such end. Peyton Smith is a mere trustee, without interest ; his answer cannot prejudice the rights of the cestuis que trust ; and, though a party of record, is a competent wit-
ness. Gresle'y on Ev. 242, 258. The true rule seems to be, that the cestuis que trust should be made-parties in all cases where
the "existence or enjoyment of the property is affected by the
prayer of the suit." Calvert on Parties, 212. To make, therefore, the admissions or statements in the answers of those having no ihterest in the trust work an injury to those who hold the real interest, would be to violate not merely the established rules of pleading and evidence, but the mbst obvious rules of substantial
justice. While it is believed that this is the law of the case, and that no
decree, on several grounds, can be made touching the rights of the cedtuis que trust, it is, with equal confidence, believed that there is not the slightest ground to infer fraud in the execution of the trust. It was designed to give a preference to Collier's own creditors over debts for which he was a mere security. This. he had a law-
ful right to do. The debts designed to be preferred amounted to over seven thousand dollars, besides interest. The highest estimate placed on all the property is $ 10,366. But this is palpably an over-
estimate, as is proved by the fact that one witness says the seventeen negroes were worth $ 7,650 ; while another witness thinks they were worth seven or eight thousand dollars. And yet the face of the bill shows, that the same negroes were valued on each levy by the marshal when inserted in the delivery bonds; the first time

JANUARY TERM, "1846.

313

Knox e't al. v. Smith et al.

valued at $4,100, and the last time at $4,250. This proves That the estimate attempted to be placed on the property, for the purposes of this cause, is entirely too high. It is be'eved that at. no time would it have sold under the hammer for enough to meet the debts named in the deed of trust.
One other suggestion will close this brief. The"question of the malidity tif this deed has been before the Chancery Court of the
-State, where the parties in interest have been properly represented, and the result has been a decision in favor of the rights of the cestuis qua trust ; and it is- fair to suppose that the trust, under the
direction of the court, has, before now, been wound up, and justice
done.

sMr. Brinley, in reply.

1. It is insisted by the counsel for the appellees, that there was, a

remedy at law; that if the property was taken frond the marshal without his consent, he had a remedy by action of trespass or trover. This objection is anticipated and met in the opening argu-.

ment for the appellants.

2. It is contended that there were too many persons riiade defendants by the bill. Who are they ? Peyton Smith, the person ciaiming theproperty under an alleged fraudulent deed of trust; Collier, the assignor in said deed. The formier should be included

beyond a doubt; so, too, the latter. Where the assignment is not absolute and unconditional, or there are remaining rights or liabilities of the assignor, which may be affected by the decree, there

the assignor is not only a proper, but a necessary, party. St y on Eq. Pl. § 153. Eckford, being one of the judgment debtors,

was of course a party. Bryan, Feezer, and'Smith were securities
on the delivery bond given on the levy of the first execution; they,
together with Boon, were securities on the delivery bond given on the levy of the second execution. They-were all mdde parties to the bill, on the principle that those in interest must be brought into court. By the statutes of Tennessee, as sureties to a forfeited

deliveiy bond, their property might be levied off, and they had a

direct interest in the subject. Besides, they were distintly charged in the bill as confederating with Collier and Smith to prevent the

sale of the property levied on. Home was the sheriff who arrested the property from thd marshal, and he was therefore made a party: This "wholesale business" was but a compliance with the rules

of equity applicable to the circumstances.

1 3. It is then contended that there are not parties enough ; that

the cestuis que trust are not included.

It may be true, as a general rule, that all persons interested in
the subject of a suit should be made parties as plaintiffs or defeadants, in order that a complete decree may be made; but there are

exceptions. Thus, residuary legatees are interested in the object

VOL. IV.

40

AA.

314

SUPREME COURT.

Knox et al. v. Smith et al.

of a suit by a creditor against the executor, to establish his debt or claim against the estate; for the establishment of such debt or claim goes pro tanto in direct diminution of their interest in the residue. Yet they are never required to be parties. Calvert on Parties,
ch. 1, p. 5. So trustees for the payment of debts and legacies may sustain a
suit either- as plaintiffs or defendants, touching the trust estate, without bringing the creditors or legatees before the court as par-
ties. Fenn v. Craig, 3 Younge and Collier, 216.
In case of assignment for benefit of creditors, the assignees may file a bill relative to the 'trust estate, without making & creditors
parties ; for the assignees are the proper representatives of all of them. In a suit to set aside an assignment as fraudulent, it is sufficient to make the fraudulent assignors and assignees parties.
Wakeman t. Grover, 4 Paige, 23.
In the present case, Smith, the trusteei must be considered as the representative of the interest of all parties. It was not necessary to make the cestuis que trust parties ; th&complainants knew not who they were. .N'emo tenetur di-inare.
4. The bill is said to be vague and unmeaning, because it states that "a process of injunction, or some other process," enjoining the sale, proceeded from the State court. The bill states, in the words of the return on the fi. fa., that the property was arres*ted from the marshal "under order of the Chancery Court at Brownsville." It then states, in the next paragraph, in reference
to this oider and arrest, that it was by "an injunction or some other process." If the language of the return had been used in
that paragraph, it would -have been sufficiently certain'; the alterna-
tive phrase employed is not less so. The sections in Story, on Eq. P1;, referred to by the counsel
for the appellees, are to the point, that when the allegations in a bill are extremely vague, loose, and uncertain, or where the title of a plaintiff is stated in the alternative, so that the respondent does not
know what he is to answer, they are not sufficient. A general charge or statement of the matters of fact is sufficient,
and it is not necessary to :charge minutely all the circumstances which may conduce to a general charge. Story on Eq. P1.
§2Hqe.re the general charge is, that the sale on the execution was

enjoined by process from the State court, and the property arrested from the marshal. That is minute enough, particularly as the precise character and appellation of the process were known to Smith,
who obtained it. Moreover, a charge in general terms, where it is the point on which the merits 6f the cause turn, and does not come in 'collaterally and incidentally, will warrant the production of
evidence to particular facts. 2 Atk. 333, 337.
A plaintiff is not bound to set forth all the minute facts which go

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

315

Knox et al. v. Smith et al.

to constitute a charge ; and where the title to relief will be precisely the same in each case, the plaintiff may aver facts of a different naiure, which will equally support his application. Story on Eq. Pl. §§ 252, 254.
The cases cited by the counsel for the appellees, from the reports of this court, are to the undisputed point, that a party is not allowed to state one case in a bill or answer, and make out a different one
by proof. No such attempt is made in this case ; the allegation in substance is,. that an injunction, or a process of like nature issued ; that is put in issue. The proof, as obtained from the ad-
missions in the answers of Smith, Collier, Feezer, Bryan, Home, and Boone, is within the allegation, that an injunction issued. In the case of Jackson v. Ashton, 11 Peters, 249, the court said,
"1The answer of the defendant is broader than the allegations in the bill ; and, although such parts of the answer as are not respon-
sive to the bill are not evidence for the defendant, yet the counsel on both sides have considered the facts disclosed as belonging to the case; and if the facts in the answer,-not responsive to the bill,
are relied on by the complainants' counsel as admissions by the defendant, he is entitled, thus far, to their full benefit."
So here the counsel, throughout the progress of the cause, have considered the fact that an injunction issued as belonging to the case. It was disclosed (admit it for the argument) in the answer of Smith, though not substantially set forth in the bill ; -yet the complainants shall have the full benefit of the admission.
The words, "1or other process," may be considered surplusage. 5. It is said there is nothing on the face of the bill to show that the deed of trust was the subject of complaint.
The bill expressly states, that Smith claimed the property unuter a fraudulent deed of trust, and that he pursued that claim by the
intervention of the State court. An illegal proceeding, based on a fraudulent conveyance, is the charge. The reference to the deed of trust is said to be in the statement. There it ought to be ; for the statement constitutes the real substance of a bill. Story on Eq. P]. § 27.
6. The "Cprocess" from the State court, it is argued, may
have been founded on an intervening judgment, creating a prior lien, &c. Such a supposition is wholly at war with the true state of the case, as disclosed by the allegations in the bill, and the admissions
in the answers. 7. The counsel for the appellees states, that " the highest esti-
mate placed on all the property is $ 10.366 " ; and therefore there
is no reason for inferring fraud. Fraud may not be conclusively established from that circumstance only ; but it is one of a number of circumstances which unit~dly aford strong presumption of fraud
in regard to creditors. 8. The closing emark of the counsel for the appellees, that

316

SUPREME COURT.

Knox et il.'v. Smith et aL

the validity of the deed of trust has been established by the court of chancery of the State, is, as it purports to be, a "suggestion," and which cannot affect the decision ofthis court.

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This is an appeal from the decree of the Circuit Court for the District of West Tennessee.
In their bill the complainants state that they recovered a judgment in the Circuit Court against Thomas Eckford and Probert P.
Collier, for the sum of three thousand four hundred and sixty-two dollars and twenty cents, &c. ; and that execution was issued the 24th of April, 1840, which, about the 18th of July ensuing, was levied on seventeen negroes and four mules ; and that the n: r-
shal took a delivery bond and security, under the statute of Ten-
nessee.
That one Peyton Smith, a citizen of the State of Tennessee, pretending to claim said property levied upon by virtue of some fraudulent.deed of trust executed by Probert P. Collier to him,
filed a bill,'vhich'prayed for an injunction, in the Circuit Court, and which was refused. That the delivery bond being forfeited, an
execution was issued on it, against the principals and sureties, which was levied upon the same negroes and mules ; upon which execa. tior. the marshal returned that "1the property levied on had heen taken from him by the sheriff of Tipton county, under the order of the Chancery Court, at Brownsville, 5th December, 1840." The bill alleges that the negroes and mules belonged to Collier, and it prays that they may be sold in satisfaction of the judgment.
There is no allegation in this bill which authorizes a court of equity to take jurisdiction of the case. Fraud is not charged, nor is any thing stated going to show that the remedy at law is not complete. It is stated that Peyton Smith, pretending to claim the property, after the first levy, by virtue of some fraudulent deed of tYust executed to him by Collier, applied to the Circuit Court, by bill, for an injunction, which was refused. The present bill was not filed by the complainants until after execution was issuea on the delivery bond and levied, and the properly, was taken, as returned by the marshal, under State process.
Now, if the object had been to set aside the deed of trust, as fraudulent, the fraud, with the fact- connected with it, should have been alleged in the bill. Or if the negroes and mules were about to be taken out of the State, and beyond the jurisdiction of the court, unless restrained by an injunction, such fact should have
been stated. But the principal allegation in the bill is, that under the State authority the sheriff had no right to take the negroes. &c.
If this be admitted, it does not folloiv that the remedy of the complainants is in a court of equity. On the contrary, from the show-
ing in the bill, there is a plain remedy at law. The marshal might

.TANUARV TERM, 1846.

317

Cookendorfer v. Preston.

have brought trespass against the sheriff; or applied to the Circuit Court for an attachment.
Out of the answer which sets up the deed of trust, the complainants 'insist they are entitled to relief. Now no relief can be given by a court of equity, except a proper case be made in the bill.
The inquiry is not only whether the defendant, from his own showing or by proof, has acted unjustly and inequitably, but also,
whether the complainants, by their allegations and proof, have shown that they are entitled to relief.
The decree of the Circuit Court is affirmed, with costs.

THomAs COOENDORPER, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. ANTHONY PRESTON, DESzNDANT IN ERROR.

In an action brought by the indorsee against the indorser of a promissory note, which had been deposited in a bank for collection, the notary public who made the pro-
test is a competent witness, although he has given bond to the bank for the fiithfil performance of his du%. He is also cozopetent to testi r as to his usual practice. The cases reported in 9 Wheaton, 68, 11 Wheaton, 430, and 1 Petirs, 25, reviewed. At the time when these decisions were made, it was the usage in the city of Wash-
ington to allow four days of grace upon notes discounted by banka, and aio upon notes merely deposited for collection. But since then the usage has been changed as to notes deposited for collection, and been made to conform to the general law merchant, which allows only three days of grace. Although evideneL is not admissible to show that usage was in fact different fiom that which it was established to be by judicial decisl'ne, yet it may be shown that it-was subsequently changed.

THis case came up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for- the District of Columbia, in and for the county of Washington.
The case was this. On the 17th of May, 1839, E. T. Arguelles gave the following note.

$300.

Washington, May 17, 1839.

On the first day of February next, I promise to pay to Thomas

Cookendorfer, or order, three hundred dollars, for value received,

negotiable and payable at the Bank of Washington.

(Signed,)

E. T. ARGUELLES.

(Indorsed,) Taos. COOKENDORFER.

ANTHONY PRESTON.

This note was deposited in the Bank of Washington, for collection. Not being paid at maturity by the drawer, it was protested

4

SUPREME COURT.

Brown v. Clarke.

Jixas BRQwN, PLAINTIFF IN iRoR, v, Jowc CLZA , DzFZtDANT.
By the law of.Mifssisaippi, a judgment is a lien upon pemonal as well as real estate 'from the time-of its rendition.
Where there has been a judgment, an execution levied upon ronal property, 'and a fbrthcoming bond; the property levied upon is releaselby the bond, and the lien of the judgment destroyed.
i*; therefore, dier this, another judgment be entered against the original defendant, this second judgment is a lien upon the property which has been released by the bond.
The lien thus acquired by the' second junment is not destroyed by subsequently quashing the forthcoming bond. The effect ofsuch quashing is not to revive the firstjudgment, and thus restore the lien which was superseded by the execution of the bond.
If the forthcoming bond had been shown to have been void ab initio,the result would be different.
In cases of conflicting executions issued out of the federal and state courts, a priority is given to that under which there i3an actual aeizure of the property first.
The mode in which bills of exceptions ought to be taken, as explamed in Walton v. The United States (9 Wheat. 651), and in 4 Peters, 102, iill be strictly adhered to by this court.
THIs was a writ of error to the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Mississi]pi, to bring up for review certain instructions delivered to the jury in an action of trover, brought by the. defendant in error against the plaintiff in error, and in which the plaintiff below obtained the verdict.
The case was this. Brown, the defendant below, obtained a judgment of $ 8,640"37, by confession, against one Haywood
Cozart, in the Circuit Court of Lafayette County, Mississigpi, which was docketed on the 18th of May, 1840. Upon wich execution was issued on the 6th, and delivered to the sheriff on the 20th of June following, an& a levy made the same day on several slaves, the property of the defendant on the execution. A forthcoming bond was given by the defendant, with H. M. Cozart as surety, and which was approved of by Brown, the plainliff.
This bond is in the penalty of double the amount of the judgment, ;nade payable to the plaintiff in the execution, and conditioned well and truly to deliver the property levied on to the sheriff on the 17"th of August (then) next, the day of sale, at a certain place, to be sold to satisfy the judgment, unless the same should be pre-
viously paid. Clarke, the defendant in error, recovered a judgment of
$ 2,117"31 against the same Haywood Cozart, in the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Mississippi, at the June term of said court, 1840 ; upon which an execution was. issued to the marshal of the district, and a levy made,, on the 9th of November following, upon six of the slaves in the possession of Cozart, and which had been before levied on under Brown's execution. They were -sold by the marshal on the 7th December- thereafter, and purchased in by Clarke, the plaintiff, the highest bidder.

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

5

Brown -a. Clarke.

The sheriff returned upon the execution in the case of Brown v. Cozart, and upon the forthcoming bond, that the property was not delivered in pursuance of the condition, nor the money paid ; and that it wa therefore forfeited. And Brown, at the November term of the Circuit Court of Lafayette County, at which the execution was returnable, made a motion to the court to quash the bond, which was granted accordingly ; the ground of the motion is not
stated. And on the same day, the 23d of November, 1840, he sued out an alia fieri fac~ias on the original judgment, returnable
at the next term of said court. To this execution, the sheriff returned that he had levied upon
six slaves, naming them, in the hands of the Marshal of the Nbrthem District of Mississippi, and also on other property which it
is not material to notice. And further, that after the sale of the slaves by the marshal, he was indemnified by Brown, and required to make a levy-upon them on the 7th of December, 1840, and that, on the 4th of January following, he sold them, by virtue of
the execution, to Brown, the highest bidder. It further appeared, that, at the time the marshal levied on the
slaves, the 9th of November, 1840, Cozart had some fifteen or eighteen other slaves in his possession ; that the marshal took those levied on into his custody, and on the sale iinder the execution delivered them to Clarke, the purchaser ; and that they were afterwards taken out of his possession by the sherif, under his execution, by the directipn of Brown ;'that Hiram M. Cozart, the surety in the forthcoming bond, was a brother of Haywood
Cozart, was a man of but little property, and lived with his brother, some six miles distant from I-own ; and that after the levy by the marshal, and before the sale, the two Cozarts left the State of
fississippi for Texas, and carried away with them the fifteen or
eigWhteheenn sthlaevetsestnimotolneyviecdlosoend,btyhethcisouonffsceel rf.or the plaintiff, Clarke,

rneaqmueelsyte:d-- thTehcaotuirft tthoeygivbeelitehveedfoltlhowe imngarsinhastlrmucatdioenslawtofulthleevjyuroyn,

the property in dispute, the sale under his execution was valid,

awnhdetvheesrtefdouinndtehde

opnujrucdhgamseernatsgooof dthtietlsetaategaoinrsftedoetrhaelr

executions, courts; and

that, if they believed that the sheriff levied his execution on the

slaves and took a forthcoming bond, which was aterwards"for-

fied, the same was a satisfaction of the original judgment, and

the subsequent quashing of the same did not affect the rights of the plaintiff, acquired by virtue ofautnhe marshal'Asc levy after such

forfeiture of the bond ; and also, if they believed that the sheriff, after his levy, took a forthcoming bond, which was afterwards for-

feited, and that the slaves therein named remained in the posses-

sthioen foofrfetihtue rdeefoefndsaanidt

Cbooznadr,t, atnhde

levy sale

of in

the marshal, made after pursuance thereof, were

6

SUPREME COURT.

Brown v. Clarke.

valid, notwithstanding the bond was quashed before the sale, but after the levy. And, further, if the jury believed that the defendant, Brown, agreed to approve of the surety on the foithcoming bond, and thereby permitted the slaves to remain in the
possession of the said Cozart, the. subsequent quashing of the bond upon his own motion did not place him in any better situation ihan if lie had not issued an execution on the judgment. And, also, if they believed the approval of the bond 'by Brown was with a view to allow Cozart to remain in possession of said slaves, and to keep off and delay othek creditors, then they should find for the plaintiff; and, also, if they believed the. conduct of Brown was fraudulent in obtaining proceedings on his judgment, then they should find for the plaintiff. - All which instructions were ob-
jected to by the defendant's counsel ; ,but the objection was overruled by the court, and the instructions given.
The counsel for the defendant proposed the following instruc-. tions, namely :- That, if the jury believed, from the evidence, the defendant, Brown, obtained a prior judgment in the Circuit
Court of Lafayette County to the judgment obtained by the plaintiff, Clarke, in the District Court of the United States, Brown thereby obtained a prior lien upon Cozart's property for the satisfaction of his judgment, and that said lien could only be defeated and postponed by some act of Brown fraudulent in law ; that the taking of the forthcoming bond by the sheriff, and the quashing of the same, were not acts deemed fraudulent in law ; that the levy and sale of the slaves of Cozart by the marshal, by virtue of an execution on a junior judgment, was subject to the lien of the prior judgment, and communicated no title to the purchaser paramount to the lien of the prior judgment.; that the forfeiture of a
forthcoming bond, which is quashed for want of conformity to the statute, is not such an one as has the force and effect of a judgment, because not in conformity to the statute. - Which -instructions were objected to by the counsel for the plaintiff, and were re-
fused by the court. The record adds, the jury returned a veidict for the plaintiffT,
and the defendant moved the court to set it aside and grant a new trial, which"motionwas overruled. To all which the defendant excepts, and tenders this his bill of exceptions, which le prays may be signed and sealed by the court.

The case was argued by .Mr.Chalmers and Mr.Johnson, for the plaintiff in error, and Mr.Mason and ,Mr..Milton Brown) for the defendant. Of these argunents, the reporter has no notes except of Mr. Brown's.
MWr. Brown. John Clarke, the defendant in error, brought his action of trover

JANUARY TERM, .1846.

7

Brown v. Clarke.

against James Brown, the plaintiff, in error, for five slaves, in the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Mississippi. At the December term, 1841, of said court, a verdict was rendered for $ 3,225, the value of the slaves, and judgment entered accordingly for the amount of the verdict and costs. No exception appears of record to have been taken or filed to the opinion of the court during the progress of the trial. .6fter the verdict and judgment, Brown, by his counsel, moved the court to set aside the verdict, and grant a new trial. The court, on argument, overruled the motion. The entry of this proceeding of
record is as follows :-
"This day came the parties, by their attorneys, and then came on tb be heard defendant's motion for a new trial ; and, after argument, as well in support of as against said motion, it is considered by the court that the same be overruled .; to which decision of the court overruling said motion, the defendant, by.attorney, excepts, and tenders his bill of exceptions, which is signed and sealed by the court, and ordered to be made part of the record in this cause."
On this alleged error of the court, in refusing to grant a new trial, this writ 'oferror has been sued out. That the refusal to grant a new trial is no ground for a writ of error is the well settled doctrine of this court. 3 Peters's Dig. 106 ; Barr v. Gratz,' 4 Wheat. 213, 4 Cond. Rep. 430; United States v. Daniel,.
6 Wheat. 542, 5 Cond. Rep. 170. What in this cause purports to be a bill of exceptions is founded
on and follows the overruling the motion -for a new trial, and was,
as appears on its face, drawn up and signed, n6t only after the trial, but after the motion for a new trial was disposed of. It contains nothing that can be reviewed by this court.. It contains a
mere statement of facts given in evidence, and- the charge of the court to the jury, not made matters of record, but only retained in the memory of the judge, and recalled to regulate the discretion of the court in granting or refusing a new trial. Inglee v. Coo-
lidge, 2 Wheat. 363. A bill of exceptions, to be the -foundation of a writ of error,
can only be for matters excepted to at the trial, and must appear of record to have been actually'reduced to form, and signed pending the trial ; and if, as in this case, it appear to have been drawn up and signed after verdict, it will be fatal. Walton v. The United States, 9 Wheat. 651 ; 5 Cond. Rep. 717. And although it may in some cases be the practice for the court to rote exceptions at the trial, and reduce them to form and sign them atterwards, yet, in the language of the court in the case of Wplton v. The United States (aboie cited), "In all such cases the bill of exceptions is signed nunc pro tunc; and it purports, on its face, to be the same'as if actually reduced to form and signed

SUPREME COURT.
Brown v. Clarke.
pending the trial. And it would be a fatal error if it were to appear otherwise ; for the original authority under which bills of ex*ceptions are allowed has always been considered to be restricted to matters of exception taken pending the trial, and ascertained before verdict."
Even if exceptions had been taken at. the trial and signed, the motion for a new trial would have been a waiver of them. Cunningham v. Bell, 5 Mason's C. C. Rep. 161. In that case, Mr. Justice Story said :-" 1 The motion for a new trial cannot be entertained, according to the practice of the court, unless the bill of exceptions is waived. The party has his election, either to proceed on the writ of error to the Supreme Court, in order to have it determined there whether the points were correctly ruled at the trial.; or, waiving that remedy, to apply here for a new trial. But he cannot be permitted to proceed both ways."
It is believed that the authorities referred to show conclusively that the writ of error in this case cannot be sustained. But should the 6our rule otherwise, and consider the matters contained In the bill of exceptions entitled to further examination, then the following statement of the case, in behalf of the defendant in error, is
presented.
Clarke, the defendant in error, brought a suit against one Haywood Cozart in the District Court of the United States for the -Northern District of Mississippi, and at the June term, 1840, obtained a judgment. Cozart, inMay, 1840, during the pendency of Clarke's suit, confessed a judgment for a large amount in the Circuit Court of Mississippi for Lafayette County, in favor of 'JamesBrown, the plaintiff in error. l xecutions, in due time, is-
sued on both these judgments, and went into the hands of the proper officer of each court. Brown's execution was levied by the sheriff on twenty-two slaves, and the sheriff took a forthcoming or delivery bond, with surety, from Cozart. The surety was approved by Brown himself. The bond required the delivery of the slaves in August, 1840. They were not deliyered, and the bond, under the statutes of Mississippi, was returned forfeited, having in itself the force of a judgment, and entirely extinguishing lie original judgment.
On the 9th of November, 1840, after this forfeiture of the delivery bond, the marshal levied Clarke's. execution on five of the slaves previously levied on by the sheriff, and sold them, - Clarke becoming the purchaser. On the 23d of November, 18 0, Brown, by his own motion, procured the delivery bond from Cozart, taken on his own execution, and by his own express consent, to be quashed, with a view of reviving the lien of his original judgment, and overreaching that under which the sale of the five slaves to'Clarke had been made. Brown then issued an aliasfieri· facias on his original judgment, and seized upon the five slaves

JANUARY TERM. 1846.

9"

Brown v. Clarke.

purchased by and in the possession of Clarke, and had them again

sold, he himself becoming the purchaser. Clarke brought his ac-

tion of trover against Brown for the slaves taken out '6f his pps-

session, and ,recovered judgment ; to reverse which, this writ of

error is sued out.

Was Clarke's title 'to the slaves in question complete- byvirtue

of the sale to him by the marshal ? That the sale -was ii6'all

things regular is- not denied ; but it is contended that Brown's

judgment against Cozart, in May, 1840, gave him a prior lien on

the property of Cozart; which overreached Clarke's judgment in

June, 1840.

Li Mississippi, by the -act of 1824, a lien on all the property

of -the defendant -commences with. the date of the judpaent.

Brown, therefore (aside from the circumstances under which his

judgment was obtained), had a lien commencing with his judg-

ment of May, 1840. But thispriority was lost, both by opgration

of law and his own act. An execution issued, 'a levy vias made,

and a forthcoming or delivery bond taken, which, in August, 1840,

was forfeited. The bond, after forfeiture, at once, and without

further action on it, has the force and effect of a judgment. The

statute enacts, '1 that any bond which shall. be forfeited shall

have the'force and effect of a judgment, and execution may issue

thereon against all the obligors thereon." How. & Hul. Dig. 653.

By the uniform decisions of the Court of Appeals of Missis-

sippi, under this statute, the forfeiture of a forthcoming bond cre-

ates a new judgment, in which the original judgment is merged

and extinguished. In an early case on the subject, this language

is employed by the court - I, The forthcoming bond, after for-

feiture, becomes, by operation of law, a judgment'; and as the

law will not permit two judgments to exist at the same time against

the same person for the same debt, this judgment, by operation of

law, necessarily extinguishes the former." -Clarkv. Anderson,

2 How. Rep. 853. In a very recent case it is said, " The

original judgment, after the forfeiture of the bond, is no longer in

existence." Bums v. Stanton, .2 Sine. & Mar. 461. The lien

of the first judgment ceases, and a new and more comprehensive

lien arise's upon this. statutory judgment, embracing the propert±

of both principal and sureties in the forthcoming bond. And no

action of the court on the forfeited bond is necessary ; as soon as

the bond is forfeited, the old judgment is extinguished, and a new

lien attaches. Lancashire v. Minor, 4 How. Rep. 351 ; Lusk

v. Ramsey, 3 Mun. 434.

Brown's original judgment, therefore, was extinguished, and his

lien rested on his statutory judgment of August, 1840. This the

law designed to be .ample, by requiring ample security on the-

bond. If it was in fact not ample, it was because of ldrowns

own act in directing the sheriff to take security, which he, without

VOL. Tv.

2

10

SUPREME COURT.

Brown v. Clarke.

such directions, would not have taken, and which Brown knew was not responsible.
In this posture of things, Clarke's lien, under his judgment of June, 1840, took precedence, and was entitled to prior satisfaction. While thus clearly entitled to precedence and priority,
Clarke's execution was levied and the property sold, which Clarke purchased. Standing on this state of the case, it would be scarce-
lyposssible to doubt Clarke's complete title.
But now comes a new point in the cause. Cozart, and his brother, who was irresponsible, but who had been taken as security in the bond by Brown's directions, gathered what property they could, and both put out to Texas. Clarke, by his diligence, had saved the five slaves in question. It became important, therefore, for Brown to get clear of his new judgment, and get back to his 'old one. Accordingly, he moved the court to
quash the delivery bond, which was done; on what ground does
not appear. And it is believed no good ground existed ; and that, if this new state of things had not arisen, no such motion would
have been made. And now comes the question, what was the effect of quashing
this bond. Its effect, as between the parties themselves, was to re-
store Brown to all his rights under his original judgment of May,
1840, without regard to his subsequent statutory judgment. But not so when the rights of thirdpersonsintervened. Clarke was no party to that proceeding, nor was he, or could he be, heard on the motion to quash the bond. Had he been a party, and been heard on
the question;.it is believed he could have successfully resisted the rnotion. His rights, therefore, cannot be affected by the proceeding. So far as his rights are concerned, they stand as though such motion had never been made or decided.
If Clarke's rights are to be affected, it can only be upon the doctrine of relation ; that the new judgment having been quashed, the old lien by relation was revived, to operate from the rendition of the first judgment.. But it is a cardinal principle of the doc-
trine of relation, that it can never be extended to the prejudice of
the rights of third persons. It leaves them as it finds them. Heath v. Ross, 12 Johns. 140 ; Jackson v. Bard, 4 Johns. 280. *Then,although this proceeding restored Brown to his rights against
Cozart, it cannot operate to divest the intermediate rights of Clarke, acquired without wrong on his part. This view does not, in the slightest degree, conflict with the cases of Andrews v. Doe, ex dem. Wilkes, 6 How. 554, and Commercial Bank of Manchester v. Coroner of Yazoo County, 6 How. 530. These cases relate to valid subsisting liens, not altereil or affected by any circumstances subsequent to the rendition of the judgment.
Brown's priority of lien was not only lost by the extinguishment of his original judgment by the forfeiture of the forthcoming bond,

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

11

Brown v. Clarke.

but it was also lost by his own act. The lien of a judgment is a mere security, conferring no jus in rem, and which may be voluntarily abandoned, either. expressly or by implication; and when
so abandoned, the property becomes freed from its influence, and subject to all the general incidents of other property.
The sheriff, it would seem, on making the levy, was noi willing to let Cozart retain the property upon the faith of the security offered. It was his duty, therefore, to take the property into
possession until sufficient securitywas offered. Brown, however, stepped forward, approved and accepted the surety, which he knew to be insufficient, relying on Cotart's good faith rather than on
the forthcoming bond, and discharged the sheriff from the responsibility of taking insufficient security. By this act he placed it in
the power of Cozart to do what he afterwards did do, -run his propuety out of the country, leaving his creditors to suffer.
Brown, by voluntarily waiving his right to a good and sufficient surety to the forthcoming bond, and leaving the property in pos-"
session of Coiart, and by voluntarily suspending his right to proceed on his judgment sand execution, lost the priority of lien which the law gave him; and which, being once gone by his own voluntary act, cannot be regained. The principle here contended
for is analogous to that under which a surety may be discharged under an ordinary contract. If the creditor, without the consent
of the surety, puts it out of his power to proceed for even a single day against the principal debtor, the surety is discharged. So,
by parity of reasoning, if a judgment creditor suspend his right to enforce his lien but for a day by his voluntary act, his priority
over other judgment creditors is gone.
The jury was also well authorized to find in favor of Clarke, on account of the course pursued by Brown in regard to his execution. It is to be observed that the judgment was obtained by confessign, just before the setting of the court which rendered Clarke's judgment. Cozart was the neighbour, of Brown; his brother, the surety in the delivery bond, lived with him; he was poor, and wholly insufficient as surety for such an amount. With a knowledge of all this, Brown accepted him as surety in the bond,
indorsed his approval upon it, thereby discharging the sheriff from responsibility for .taking insufficient security, and permitted the negroes to remain in custody of Cozart. They so remained until. the marshal levied the execution of Clarke, when both Cozarts absconded, and carried off the remaining slaves,, enough, or nearly
enough, to have satisfed Brown's execution. From these facts
and circumstances, the jury were well warranted in concluding that the judgment was confessed, with the understanding that
Cozart was to remain in possession of his slaves, on giving his brother as surety ; that this was intended to keep off other creditors ; and that, finding it did not have the desired efflect, he

12

SUPREME COURT.

Brown v. C-1-rke_

s

conduct

diulite-d tbashinder

other crdiditor-,-and was fraudulent and void as to Clarke, the pres-

ent defendant in error.

In conclusion, the.defendant in error, by his counsel, contend,

that upon the whole case it appears that substantial justice hta

been attained, and that the judgment should be affirmed.

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the Court.
By the law of the State of Mississippi, a judgment is a lien upon the personal as well as real property of the defendant, from the time of its rendition (Smith et al. v. Everly et al., 4 How. 178 ;
Commercial Bank of Manchester v. Coroner of Yazoo County, 6 How. 350); and if the first judgment obtained by Brown against Cozart could be upheld against the objections taken to it, there is no doubt, according to the Ia-f-Misrsissippi, that the instructions given by the Court belowf-c'IIejU-ry. were erroneous.- Thatjudg-
ment was docketed on the 18th of May, 1840, whereas Clarke's was not recovered till the 16th of June following.
It is insisted, however, that the seizure of the property of the
defendant by the sheriff, under the, first judgment, and discharge of it .on the execution and delivery of the forthcoming bond, operated to extinguish the lien, and let in that of the junior judgment of Clarke, so as to give it the preference. This raises the principal question discussed in the case.
By the act of 1827 (Laws of Miss., p. 123, § 2), the sheriff or other officer ii required, upon the levy of an execution upon personal property, to take a bond, if tendered, with sufficient secuity, from the debtor, payable to the creditors, recising the service of such execution, and the amount due thereon, in -a penalty of
double the amount of such execution,. with condition to have the property levied on forthcoming at the day of sale; and if the owners of such property or the defendant in the execution shall fail to deliver the -same according to the condition of the bond, such sheriff or other officer shall return the bond so forfeited, with the execution, to the court from which the same issued, on the return day thereof; and every bond so forfeited shall have the foree and effect of a judgment, and execution shall issue against all the obligors thereon, &c.
Under this statute, it appears to have been uniformly held in the courts of Mississippi, that the bond thus given to the creditor on the seizure of the goods was intended as a substituted security for the lien acquired by the judgment and seizure ; and consequently, on its execution and delivery, the goods, by operation of law, are
released from all charge, and left in the possession of the debtors as free and unencumbered as before it attached ; and if the property is not delivered, in pursuance of the condition, the remedy is then upon the bond, which on the breach or forfeiture becomes, by

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

13

Brown v. Clarke.

operation of the statute, a statutory judgment against the defend-

ant and sureties from that time, followed by a new lien upon the

real and personal estate of all the obligors. The original judgment

is merged and satisfied by the new and more comprehensive stat-

utory judgment upon the bond, and the remedy of the creditors

limited to the enforcement of this judgment.

This is, in substance, the view of the statute as expounded by

the courts of Mississippi in several cases, and particularly in the case

of the Bank of the United States v. Patton et al. (5 How. 200) in

the Court of Appeals, which was argued twice, and very fully con-

sidered by the court. (Stewart v. Fuqua, Walk. R. .175 ; With-

erspoon v. Spring, 3 How. 60; Archibald et al. v. Anderson,

2 How. 852 ; King v. Terry, 6 How. 513 ; Minor v. Lancashire,

4 How. 347.) In the case of the Bank of the United States v.

Patton, the court, speakipgofwhatwould have been the effect of the

forthcoming bond, if the statute had not annexed to it the force of

a judgment, say,-" As it releases the levy, and restores the prop-

erty to the debtor, it is tantamount to a satisfaction of the execu-

tion, and the creditor would be left to pursue his remedy upon the

bond."

The court then liken it to the replevin bond in Virginia, which

had been held to be a substitute for the oliginal judgment, and op-

erated as a satisfaction ; and add, - 41 It was no doubt in view of

this principle that the framners of our statute saw proper to relieve

the creditors from thedelay and expense of a second suit upon the

bond, by giving to i after forfeiture the force of a judgment

against all the obligors -therein, with a consequent right to have

execution on the same; and also to provide, that no security

should be taken on the execution which is sued out upon the new

judgment."

It will be seen, therefore, that the forthcoming bond and statu-

tory judgment consequent upon the forfeiture, in its operation and

effect, reversed the original position of these parties in respect to

the priority of lien under their respective judgments, and gave to

Clarke, the plaintiff below, the preference, his judgment having

been docketed the 16th of June, and the new judgment of Brown

not taking effect till the 17th of August, the date of the forfeiture

of the bond. (Minor v. Lancashire.)

If the case stood upon this footing, it is .very plain that Clarke,

the purchaser under the sale of the marshal, acquired the better

title to the property in question, and that the instructions were in

conformity to the law of the case.

It is contended, however, that the quashing of the forthcoming

bond, and consequently the new statutory judgment, operated to

revive the original one, and to restore the priority of lien, the same

as it stood before any of the proceedings on that Judgment had in-

tervened.

VOL. iv.

B

14

SUPREME, COURT.

Brown v, Cla.rke.

We do not assent to this view of the effect of the order vacating the new judgment, so far, at least, as respects the lens or rights of third parties which have legally attached in the mean time to the goods of the defendant, discharged from the original judgment by the giving of the forthcoming bond. After that lien was suspended or discharged, the original judgment being, in contemplation of law, satisfied by the new and substituted security, the debtor was at liberty to deal with the property as his own, and it remained in his possession, subject to any charge or lien impressed upon it either by the act of the party, or by operation of law, the same, after the forthcoming bond, as before the entry of the original judgment. Possibly as between the parties the judgment revived, but it would be against principle, and work manifest injustice, to give to it this retrospective operation, so as to extinguish the intermediately acquired legal rights of third persons.
We deny to it ibis effect. Jt would be otherwise, if the forthcoming bond had been shown
to' be void, as it might then be treated as a nullity, and as affording nQ foundation for the statutory judgment consequent upon the forfeiture. Under such circumstances, the lien of the original judgment would remain unaffected, and might be enforced by execution ; it wouldl then, of course, continue uninterrupted by the lien of any subsequent judgment entered up against the defendant.
This view of the statute was taken by the court of Mississippi, in Carleton et al. v. Osgood et al. (6 How. 285).
But no such ground is presented in the record before us ; nor did it exist in point of fact in the case. On the contrary, the forthcoming bond was in conformity to the statute, and the only reason for the action of the court in quashing the proceedings, for aught that appears or has been shown, was either that the tribunal conceded to the plaintiff the right to vacate his own judgment at his election, and thus voluntarily give up all the rights acquired under it, or that the surety was irresponsible, which latter ground would probably have been unavailing had the fact appeared before
the court, that Brown himself, withlfull knowledge of all the circumstances, approved of the sufficiency of the security.
At all events, it is enough to sustain the ground upon which"we have placed the priority of lien upon the property, that, for aught appearing in the case, the new judgment of Brown upon the forthcoming bond was regular, and existed in fidl*force and effect until set aside and vacated on his own motion. For, if so, it is clear, upon the statute and decisions of the courts of Mississippi, that the lien of his original judgment against Cozart became thereby lost and postponed, so as to let in thai .of the junior judgment of Clarke, and consequently the sale of the marshal, by virtue of the execu-
tion under it, vested, in the purchaser the better title. We have thus far examined this case upon the law of Missis-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

15

Brown v. Clarke.

sippi, where the cause of action arose, as we understand it to

have been expounded and applied by the courts of that State.

Another view may be taken, leaving out of consideration the

priority of lien as acquired under the judgments of the respective

parties, and looking solelyto priority as acquired by virtue of an

actual seizure of the property under execution, regarding that as

the test in cases where the conflicting executions issued out of the

federal and state courts, and to the executive officers of the dif-

fdrent jurisdictions. (Hagan v. Lucas, 10 Peters, 400.) In this

aspect, of the case, the legal result is equally decisive in favor of

the right of, the plaintiff below.

If we have not misapprehended the rule of law prevailing in Mississippi in the view already taken, the right to the property ac-

quired under the seizure of the first execution of Brown became

eNxotintigtulei,shtehderbeyforteh,e coapnerbaetiosnetaunpd effect of the forthcoming bond.

The case,

then,

as

it

by respects

virtue

of

that

seizure.

the

ority of actual seizure and legal right depending upon pri-

stead of priority of judgment, standcsutshtoudsy - of Tthhee mparrosphaelrtyle,viiedn-

upon the slaves on the 9th of November; the sheriff not till the

7th of December following. The former, the refore, under the

law giving effect to the first seizure, was entitled to he property,

and of course the purchaser at his call acquired the better title.

In'every view we have been able to take of the case, we ire

satisfied the judgment of the District Court was right, and should

be aflirmed.

takTenhetocothuertinhsatvreuchtiaodnssoinmtehisdicffaicsue,ltyn inthenfootricminign

the exceptions which they are

presented upon the record. It is matter of doubt whether they

point to the instructions given and refused to the jury, or the re-

fusal of the court below to grant a new trial. If to the latter, no question is presented upon which errorwould lie, according to the

repeated decisions of this court. (4 Wheat. 213; 6 Wheat. 542.) The counsel were probably misled, in making up the record, y

tchouerpt rfaocrtaicereifnusaMl itsosisgsriapnpti,awnheewretriearlrboyr wstialltutleie. t(oLatwhes oafpMpeilslas.t,e
pT.h4a9t3S, a§te53h.)as aBlsoutathsetatruutlee pisrovoitdhienrgwifsoer tihne tchaesefeodfereaxl cecpotuiortnss.
to be taken in the progress of the trial in the usual form (p. 620,
§ 40) tiich is the form that should have been observed in this
case. The practice is particularly stated ad expla din.Walton r. The United States (9 Wheat. 651), and in several later cases (4 Peters, 102).
The practice is well settled and exceedingly plain and simple, and will be strictly adhered to by the court.

JANUARY "TERM, 1846.

2i5

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et al. v. Rice et al.

in insUrance companies ; and so far from its being unconscientious to enforce them, when their existence is well known, and when the risk has been increased without conforming to them, it is the only and just safeguard of all coicerned in such 'instititnnr
Let the judgment below be affirmed.
Mr, Chief-Justice TANEY, being sick, did not sit in this cause.

THE AGRICuLTURAL BANx OF MISSISSrPI AND OTHERS, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR V. CHARLEs RICE AND MARY HIS WIFE, AND MARTHA
PHIPPS, DEFENDANTS.

A bond for the conveyance ofland does not transfer the legal title, so as to serve as
a defence in an action of ejectment, and such a bond, when signed by married women, neither confers a legal nor equitable right upon the obligees. In order to convey by grant, the party possessing the right'must be the grantor, and use apt and proper words to convey to the grantee. If, therefore, t&e title to land is in married women, and a deed for the land recites the names of the husbands, as grantors, purporting to convey in right of their wives, the deed is insufficient to convey the title of the wives. Nor is such a deed made effective by its being signed and sealed by the wiv.es. The interest of the husbands is conveyed by it, but nothing more. A receipt ofmoney, subsequently, by the female grantors, does not pass the legal title, nor give effect to a deed, which, as to them, was utterly void.

THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit

Court of the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi.

It was an ejectment brought by the defendants. in error against

the Agricultural Bank and others, to recover two undivided third

parts of a lot of ground in the city of Natchez, bounded as follows :-

fronting on Main Street, between Canal and Wall Streets (formerly

Front and Second Streets), beginning on Main Street, at the comer

of a lot owned by the heirs of Samuel Postlethwaite, on which a

large new cotton-warehouse has been erected ; thence along the

northwestern side of lain Street, west, to the line of the lot be-

queathed by Adam Bower, deceased, to his widow, now Mrs.

Pendleton ; thence north, along the eastern line of the said last-

mentioned lot, to the back line of the said premises, where the same

bounds on the property formerly owned by Elijah Bell; thence

along said last-mentioned line, to the line of the lot belonging to the

heirs of said Postlethwaite; and along said last-mentioned line to

the place of beginning, on lain Street ; and being {be same prop-

erty now known as the City Hotel, in Natchez.

The plaintiffs below claimed the lot as the heirs and devisees of

Adam Bower, deceased,-who died seized of the pr~perty, and the

only question in the case was, whether or not they had conveyed

away their title in the manner prescribed by law.

voL. Xv.

29

226

SUPREME COURT.

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et al. v. Rice et al.

The circumstances are so fully set forth in the bill of exceptions, that a recital of the bill will be sufficient. The cause was tried at May term, 1843, when the jury, under the direction of the court, found a verdict for the plaintiffs.

Bill of Exceptions tendered by the Defendant#.
Be it remembered, that on the trial of this cause, and while the
.same was before the jury, the said plaintiffs, by their counsel, to maintain and prove the said issue on their part, gave in evidence
and proved that one Adam Bower (now deceased), in his lifetime, previous to the year 1833, was seised in fee of a certain lot or parcel of land in the said declaration, and hereinafter described. That on the 16th of April, 1833 ;the said Adam Bower, being so seized of said land, died, leaving three daughters, to wit, Martha Phipps,
wife of William M. Phipps; Mary Haile, wife of William.R. Haile; and Sarah Bower, a feme sole, his heiresses, who took and inherited under the last will and testament of the said Adam Bower the said fee of the sairi land. That the said Martha, Mary, and Sarah, at the decease of the said Adam Bower, were infants under the age of twenty-one years. That since the death of the said Adam Bower, the said William M. Phipps and William R. Haile have both departed this life, and that since the death of the said William
R. Haile, Mary Haile, his widow, has intermarried with Charles Rice, one of the plaintiffs. That at the time of the commencement of this suit) the said defendants were in possession of said premises,
'holding the same adversely.
The plaintiffs' counsel here rested. 'Whereupon, the counsel for the said defendants, to maintain and
prove the said issue on their part, gave in evidence, that after the death of the said Adam Bower, and while the fee of the said land was still vested in the said Martha, Mary, and Sarah, the said Noah
Barlow and one Henry S. Holton contracted with the said heirs and their husbands aforesaid for the sale and purchase of the said lands, and in consideration that the'said heirs would 'make and in-
sure to them a good and valid title in fee simple to the said land, they agreed to give and pay to the said heirs for the same the sum of $ 40,000; 56,000 whereof should be paid in hand on the delivery of possession, and the residue should be secured to be paid in instalments, to be specified, in promissory notes, to be executed by the said Holton, and indorsed by the said Barlow, and by a mortgage on the said land. That the said Holton and Barlow, in pur-
suance of the said contract, paid the said $ 5,000 to the said heirs,
and delivered to them twelve promissory notes for $ 2,916'661 each, all bearing date the 16th day of April, 1835, and payable as follows : three of said notes in twelve months, three others in two years, three others in three years, and the other three in four yeais from the date thereof; all made by the said Henry S. I olton, and indorsed

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

227

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et al. r. Rice et al.

by the said Noah Barlow. And the said heirs, upon receipt of the said notes and the said sum of $ 5,000, delivered to the said
Henry S. Holton and Noah Barlow possession of the said land; with the tenements and appurtenances, and at the same time executed to the said Holton and Barlow a bond for title, in and by which said
bond the said heirs agreed and bound themselves, and their heirs, to make, execute, and deliver, after duly acknowledging the same,
a full and complete general warranty deed of all said premises and appurtenances, buildings and furniture, to the said Holton and Bar-
low, their heirs and assigns, thereby covenanting a good and inde'feasible title to said lot of ground to said Holton and Barlow, their heirs and assigns, against all persons, as soon as a surveyor can be
had. to make a survey of the premises to ascertain the exact boundaries. That the said bond was executed by the said Sarah, as
Sarah Gibson, and by her husband, David H. Gibson, the said
Sarah having intermarried with the said David H. Gibson between the drafting of the said bond and its execution; which said bond is in the words and figures following, to wit -

Agreement entered into and executed this day of April, 1835, between William M. Phipps and his wife, William R. Haile and 'his wife, and Sarah Bowers, parties of the one part, and Noah Barlow And Henry S. Holton, parties of the other'or second part; the above-named parties of the first part, for the consideration
hereinafter named, agree this day to deliver to said parties of the second part full possession of the tenements, tavern, stables, and other buildings occupied and owned by the late Adam Bower, and heretofore also occupied since his death -by the said William M. Phipps, and the lot or parcel of ground upon which the same stands, being on the north side of Main Street, between Canal and
Wall Streets, in said city of Natchez ; and also the furniture, kitchen and household, as well as that about the stables, and belonging to and in said tavern, buildings, and said premises ; and said par-
ties of the first part do further, for the consideration hereinafter named, agree and bind themselves, and their heirs, to make, execute, and deliver, after duly acknowledging the same, a full and complete general warranty deed of all said pkemises and appurtenances, buildings and furniture, to said parties of the second part, their heirs and assigns, thereby conveying said lot of ground, appurtenances, and buildings, and said furniture, and warranting a good and indefeasible title thereto to said parties of the second part,
their heirs and assigns, against all persons, as soon as a surveyor can be obtained to make a survey of said premises, so as to ascertain the exact exterit and'boundaries of said premises. In consideration of which, said parties of the second part agree to pay this day to said parties of the first part five thousanhd dollars, and upon
the execution and delivery of the said deed to them as aforesaid,

228

SUPREME COURT.

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et al. v. Rice at al.

-they, the said parties of the second part, their executors or administrators, will execute and deliver to said parties their promissory notes for thirty-five thousand dollars, payable in one, two, three, and four years, in the following manner, - to be secured by a mortgage executed by said patties of the second part, and their wives,
on said premises, to wit : WM. M. PHIPPS. [L. a.]

MARTHA PHIPPS. [L. s.]

W MA. RRY. HHAAILILEE. .

[L. a.] [L. a.]

D. H. GIBSON. SARAH .GIBSON.

[L. a.] [L. a.]

That-the said bond, though appareutly incomplete, was executed as complete, and the notes were secured by mortgage by said Hol-
ton and Barlow, according to said contract. That after the execution and delivery of said bond and notes, and when the said Holton and Barlow were in 4uiet possession of the premises, they
handed said bond to their counsel, with instructions to have a deed drawn in compliance with said-bond, and on or about the 14th of September, 1835, received from their counsel an instrument in writing, or deed, without examining the same, all parties supposing it to be
correct, and in conformity with their directions ; that the said deed was executed and delivered on the said 14th of September, 1835, by
the said heirs and their respective husbands. And it was intended
by said heirs to convey to said Holton and Barlow the'complete title of the said heirs and their husbands in said land, which said deed is in the words and figures following, to wit : -

This indenture, made the 14th day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, between
William M. Phieps in right of his wife Martha, William R. Haile in right of his wife Mary, and David H. Gibson in right of his wife
Sarah, legal heirs and representatives of Adam Bower, deceased, of the county of Adams and State of Mississippi, of the one part, and Noah Barlow and Margaret his wife, and Henry S. Holton and Theoda is wife, of the same place, of the other part, witnesseth : that the said partibs of the first part, for and in consideration of the sum of forty thousand dollars,. to them in hand paid by
the said parties of the second part, at or before the sealing and delivering of these presents, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowl-
edged, and the said parties of the second part, their heirs, executors, and administrators for ever released therefrom, by these presents have granted, bargained, sold, conveyed, and confirmed, and by these presents do grant, bargain, sell, convey, and confirm unto the said parties of the second part, their heirs and assigns for ever,
all that certain lot or parcel of ground situate in the city of Natch-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

229

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et al. r. Rice et al.

ez and State aforesaid, fronting on Main Street, between what were, before the confusion of names produced by the wisdom of the city council, Front and Second Streets, which said lot is bounded and described as follows, to wit :- beginning on MaiA Street, at the corner of a lot now owned by the" heirs of Samuel Postlethwaite, on which a large new cotton-warehouse has been erected by
Harriett , along the northwestern side of Main Street, west, to the line of the lot bequeathed by Adam Bower, deceased, to his
widow, now Mrs. Pendleton ; thence north, along the eastern line of said last-mentioned lot, to the back line of the premises hereby conveyed, where the same bounds on the property of Elijah Bell ; thence along said last-mentioned line to the line of the lot belong-
ing to the heirs of said Postlethwaite ; and along said last-mentioned line to the place of beginning on Main Street ; the lot hereby conveyed being the large tavern establishment occupied by said
Bower in his lifetime, and since his death by the said William M. Phipps ; also, all the household and kitchen furniture, and apparatus; and utensils about said tavern, stables, or other buildings on
said lot ; together with all and singular, the appurtenances, hereditaments, privileges, and advantages whatsoever unto the above described premises belonging, or in any wise appertaining ; and also all the estate, right, title, interest, and property, and claim whatsoever, either at law or in equity, of them the said parties of the first part, of, in, and to the same ; to have and to hold the above grant-
ed, bargained, and described premises, with the appurtenances, unto the said parties of the second part, their heirs and assigns, for ever ; and the said parties of the first part, for themselves, their
heirs, executors, and administrators, do covenant, grant, promise, and agree to and with the said parties of the second part, their heirs and assigns, that they, the said parties of the first part, and their heirs, the above described and hereby granted premises, and every part thereof, with the appurtenances, unto the said parties of
the second part, and their heirs and assigns, against the said parties of the first part, and against all persons or claiming, or to claim said premises, or' any part thereof, shall and will warrant,
and by these presents for ever defend. In witness whereof, the said parties of the first have hereunto
set their hands and seals, this day and year above written.

WM. M. PHIPPS. MARTHA PHIPPS. WILLIAM R. HAILE. MARY HAILE.
DAVID H. GIBSON. SARAH GIBSON.

[L. s.] [L. s.] [L. s.] [L. s.]
[L. s.] [L. s.]

Signed, sealed, and delivered in the presence of N W. CALMES, J. P.

VOL. IV.

T

230

SUPREME COURT.

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi e t al. v. Rice et al.

THE STATE OF Mississippi, .. dams county :

Personally appeared before the undersigned, justice of the peace

for said county, William M. Piipps and Martha his wife, and

William R. Haile and Mary Haile his wife, and David H. Gibson

and Sarah Gibson his wife, and acknowledged that they signed,

sealed, and delivered the within deed on the day and year and for the purposes therein contained. And Martha Phipps,' Sarah Gib-

son, and Mary Haile, wives of William M. Phipps, William R.

Haile, and David H. Gibson, having been examined separate and

apart from their husbands, and acknowledged that they signed, seal-

ed, and delivered the same as their act and deed, free of fears,

threats, or compulsion of their said husbands.

Given under my hand and seal, this 15th day of September,

1835.

N. W. CALMES, J. P.

Received for record, 15th September, 1835. F. WOOD, Clerk.
By S. WOOD, D. Clark.

STATE OF MISSISSIPPI, .qdams county :

I, Fleming Wood, clerk of the Probate Court for said county,

do hereby certify thaf the within deed -, recorded in my office, in

book W of the record of deeds, pages o00 and 301.

Witness my hand and seal of office, this 16th day of Septem-

ber, anno domini 1835.

[L. S.]

F. WOOD, Clerk.

By S. WOOD, D. Clerk.

That in the said deed. by a mistake of the draftsman, the said heirs, Martha, Mary, and Sarah were not named as grantors, but that only their several husbands are so named, although said deed
is executed by said heirs and their husbands. That on the 14th day of September, 1835, on the delivery of
said deed, the said Holton and Barlow executed, acknowledged, and delivered to the said heirs and their several husbands a deed of mortgage on said land, to secure the payment of said notes ac-
cording to said contract. and the said notes and mortgages were ac-
cepted by said heirs and their husbands. That at the time of the marriage of the said Mary Haile with the said Charles Rice, in the year 1838, said Holton and Barlow were in quiet and peaceable
possession of the said land, and ignorant of any objection "to their title. That the buildings on said land, at the time of the purchase, having been destroyed by fire, the said Holton and Barlow rebuilt the'same at an expense of $ 100,000, which improvements were made with the full knowledge of said heirs, and without any objection on their part. And that the said Martha Phipps and Mary
Haile, now Mary ,Rice, by accepting and receiving payments of money from the said Holton and Barlow upon the said notes and

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

231

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et al. v. Rice et al.

mortgage, during the time between the death of the said Phipps and Haile, and the last marriage of the said Mary, and when the
said Martha and Mary were of full age, which said payments were proved to have been made and received, have further ratified and
confirmed the said bond and the said deed. That said Holton and Barlow, principally by reason of such ex-
penditures, became largely indebted to the Agricultural Bank and the Planters' Bank, two of the defendants, and to secure that indebtedness, the said Barlow, on the 5th of May, 1838, executed to them a good and valid deed of mortgage, conveying to them his
undivided interest in said premises. That the said Holton, in February, 1839, sold and conveyed
his interest in said premises to the said Demon B. Spencer, one of the defendants ; that said Spencer, in consideration of the terms of his purchase from Holton, did, on the 27th of July, 1839, convey
the same, by a good and valid mortgage, to the said Planters' Bank. That the said Agricultural Bank and the said Planters' Bank are
now in possession of said premises as mortgagees, and by virtue of a good and valid quitclaim deed from the said Sarah Gibson and
her husband David H. Gibson.
That the said Holton and Barlow, and those claiming under them, were unmolested in their possession, and unapprized of any supposed objection to their title. That they have paid the whole
of said purchase money. Which testimony, as set forth herein on both sides, was all the
testimony in the cause.
The counsel for the said defendants here offered to read in evidence the said bond for title, and the said deed herein before mentioned, in connection with the foregoing proofs.
But to the reading of the same in evidence the said counsel for the said plaintiffs objected, because be says, that atthe days of the dates of the said bond and of the said deed the said heirs, Martha, Mary, and Sarah, were under covrture, and were infants under the age of twenty-one years, so that the said bond and the said deed are absolutely void. The said judge did then and there declare and deliver his opinion, that the said objection, so taken by the said counsel for the said plaintiffs, ought to be allowed ; that the said bond and the said deed ought not to be admitted in evidence, and did accordingly decide that the same should not be read in evidence on the part of the said defendants ; to which said opin-
ion of the said judge, the said counsel for the said defendants did then and there, in due form of law, except, before the jury retired from their box, and prayed that the said exceptions might be sign-
ed, and sealed, and made a part of the record. And it is accord-
ingly done.
S. J. GHOLSON. [L. s.1 alfa2y4th, 1843.

232

SUPREME COURT.

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et al. v. Rice et al.

To review this decision of the court below, the case was brought up to this court.

It was argued by ,Mr. Mason (Attorney-General), for-t plaintiffs in error, and Mr. Thomas J. Johnston and Mr. Crittenden, for the defendants in error.

JMr. Mason- for the plaintiffs in error, stated the case, and then
proceeded.
I. The title, bond, and deed were admissible in evidence. The
common law imparted to the husband, as a necessary incident to the seisin he acquired of the wife's freehold estate by the marriage, a power, by alienation, of converting her interest in it to a mere right. Hence a conveyance by him cf the fee operated a discontinuance, and ejectment would not lie-; although, by the statute of 32 Hen. 8, ch. 28, § 6,- explained by the statute of 34 and 35 Hen. 8, the act of the husband alone was not permitted to have this effect, and a right of entry was reserved -to the wife, and to her heirs, on the death of-the husband, it has never been questioned
that she might, after the termination of the coverture, confirm her husband'- deed. 1 Roper on Husband and Wife, 54, 55.
The deed from the husband is only a link in the chain of title, and was necessarily admissible, in connection with other testimony, to establish an act of confirmation by the wife, when sole and free
from disability.
The reason assigned by the court below was wholly insufficient; neither the infancy nor the coverture of the femes covert neces-
sarily excluded the deed. There are many cases in which the deed of a married woman
binds her, without confirmation, when sole, although, at its date, she was an infant ; and the deed of a husband for his wife's real estate may be confirmed, and pass the title. Douglas's Rep. 53; Cowper's Rep. 202; 2 Peere Wins. 126. The deed from the husband is the basis, or first link, in the chain of title, and ought not to have been excluded. If the bond and deed bad been admitted as evidence, and no sufficient confirmation by the wife, when sole, had been shown, it would have been competent for the court to charge the jury as to the sufficiency of these instruments
in law to bind the wife's interests. The court erred in excluding evidence which of itself was in-
sufficient, but which, nevertheless, was competent. II. It is submitted, that it appears on the record, notwithstanding
this exclusion of the first link in defendants' paper title, that the female plaintiffs had ratified and confirmed the bonafide sale of the fee simple property after their disability was removed.
1. They received and gave acquittances of the purchase-money. They cannot be permitted to deny knowledge of the consideration

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

233

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et al. v. Rice et al.

for which the payments were this made. They had signed both

bond and deed. The deed was acknowledged by them, and their

relinquishment made privily, with full explanation, and the deed was

of record.

2. The tenement on the premises was destroyed by fire, and

they, free from disability, stood by and permitted the grantees of

their husbands and themselves to erect buildings thereon, at a cost

Far exceeding the purchase-money, without interposing, by any

warning that the title made was objected to and its confirmation

denied ; such acts, on the part of persons free from disability, ought

to be regarded as confirmatory of a defective bonO fide conveyance;

and the parties, although they be females, will not be permitted

to recover the property thus improved without objection on their

part, and for which they have themselves received the full payment

of the purchase money.

III. The deed is the act of the femes covert; they are parties

to it, executed it, and the estate granted and intended to be con-

veyed was their property. The deed is between the legal heirs

of Adam Bower, deceased, of the first part.. Martha, wife of

Phipps, Mfary, wife of Haile, and Sarah, wife of Gibson, were the

children and heirs of Bower. They signed the deed, and their re-

nunciAtion was taken in substantialconformity with the law of Mis-

sissippi, and the thing granted was their inheritance. The phrase-

ology employed is not material. A deed by an attorney in fact is

valid, whether he signs as B. W., attorney for R. C. ; or R. C.,

by B. W., his attorney. 4 Hen. & lun. 184.

The claim of title set up by two of these females, now that they

are married to other husbands, is sustained by the most refined and

technical reasoning. The printed argument of ,MrJ.ohnstonaffords

a specimen of this.

It is not denied, that, to bind a married woman-by a deed exe-

cuted with her husband during coverture, she must have acknowl-

edged it in substantial conformity with the terms of the statute.

The requisites are, -

1. A. previous acknowledgment made by her, on a private ex-

amination, apart from her husband.

2. That she signed, sealed, and delivered the same as her vol-

untary act, freely, without any fear or compulsion of her husband.

3. And a certificate thereof, written on or under the said deed

of conveyance, signed by the judge or justice before whom it was

taken.

The statute of Mississippi does not prescribe the form of the

certificate. The guards thrown around the rights of married wo-

men are contained in these requisites, and the deed is good and

binding, if they have been substantially observed.

In Virginia there is a similar statute, with an additional section,

prescribing the form of the wife's acknowledgment. Tucker, in

VOL. IV.

30

T*

234

SUPREME COURT.

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et al. V. Rice et al.

his Commentaries, vol. 1, tit. Deeds of Feme Covert, p. 267, after referring to these provisions of the Virginia statutes, remarks :-
"Here we see that the object of the law is to ascertain, by a privy examination of the wife, apart frown her husband, whether, in the execution of the deed disposing of her rights, she exercises that free will which is of the essence of all contracts. This is effected by an examination in court by one of the judges thereof, or in vacation by two justices of the peace." (One is sufficient
in Mississippi.) "Now, upon well received principles, it is clear that this act must be strictly pursued ; for it is an innovation upon the common law; and, moreover, it prescribes the mode in which a person may convey, who was before disabled to convey. That mode must, therefore, be pursued ; and as we do not pursue it if we vary from it, so it follows that it should be substantially, at
least, complied with."
Acts of justices of the peace, done in the country, are always viewed favorably; and, if substantially conformable to law, are
held sufficient. The certificate in this case is on the ninth page of the record.
It is not denied that the justice of the peace was duly authorized to act, and that his official certificate was written on or under the deed. But it is objected, that he has not done or certified what the law requires.
There is no objection that the same certificate embraces two official acts. The first paragi-aph certifies the acknowledgment of all the parties tothe deed, with a view to its record. That was a separate and independent act.
The second paragraph or sentence of the certificate is the subject of dispute. What does the justice certify?
1. That Martha Phipps, Sarah Gibson, and Mary Halle, wives of William M. Phipps, William R. Haile, and David H. Gibson, having been examined separate and apart from their husbands ;
2. Acknowledged that they signed, sealed, and delivered the
same as their act and deed,*frea of fears, threats, or compulsion of their said husbands.
3. And these facts he certifies. Now, is not this a substantial compliance with the statute ? The objection to the grammatical construction of this sentence does not appear to me well founded. Its .true reading is, that the justice certifies his having examined the wives separate and apart from their husbands ; and, on that examination, the ,wive , thus being separate and apart from their husbands, made the acknowledgment. Privy examinations in court and in the country have been long practised. The terms are technical. It is against the influence of the husband that the wife is protected ; and an ex-
amination is privy or private, within the statute, when he is not present. The casual presence of others would not vitiate i ; and

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

235

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et 41. v. Rice et aL.

there is no just reason to infer, in this case, that any one was present. The statute requires a "private examination, apart from the husband." The justice certifies that he made an examination,
separate and apart from the husband. The statute requires a previous acknowledgment that she signed,
sealed, and delivered the same as her voluntary act, freely, without fear, threats, or compulsion of her husband. The certificate is, that they acknowledged to have signed, sealed, and delivered
the same as their act and deed, free of fears, threats, or compulsion of their husbands.
This court, in 12 Peters, 345, said, " The law presumes a feme covert under the coercion of her husband." It is against this presumed influence that the privy examination is intended to protect her, when the statute requires, that she shall acknowledge the same as her voluntary act freely, without fear ; and it means nothing more than that she shall declare her act to have been done free from stich influences. This is done in the certificate, and the effective and essential words of the statute are employed. Hepburn v. Dubois, 12 Peters, 345 ; Shaller v. Brand; 6 Binney, 435; McIntire v. Ward, 5 Binney, 296; 1 Peters, 155.
There is no proof in the record that the femes covert were infants.
IV. It is objected that the acknowledgment. of the femes is not recorded. By the record, it appears that the deed, with the certificate, which was an essential part of it, was received for record on the day after the execution ; and, on thenext day, the clerk certifies that the within deed is recorded. It is. an unauthorized conclusion, that the certificate was not recorded as a part of
the deed.
No such objection appears to have been taken below, and there is nothing in the circumstances of this case to induce the court to presume defects which do not appear to exist in favor of the plaintiffs. But no question arose as to the record of the certificate. If the fact were so, it was sufficient ; but the court, by refusing to allow the deed to be read, deprived the defendants of the right to
exhibit the proof, which, it is confidently asserted, was at hand to perfect their case, so far as the record of the certificate was
required by law. The defendants, bona fide, bought and paid for the property of
the femes. They united in a bond and conveyance of the property ; when relieved from disability, they received the purchase money, and they stood by and permitted the innocent purchasers of this property to put on it improvements at a cost of more than one hundred thousand dollars, without interposing objection or assertion of title ; they have not proposed to return the purchase mon-
ey, or to indemnify against the enormous expenditure for improve-
ments. It can hardly be, that' under such circumstances, the claim

23

SUPREME COURT.

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et al. v. Rice et al.

of title set up by their subsequent husbands can be successfully maintained by the refined and technical reasoning resorted to.

JIr. .J. Johnston, for defendants in error.
The exceptions to the decision of the court below were taken and were confined to the rejection of two instruments of writing, which were offered in evidence on behalf of the defendants, now the appellants ; and, if they were properly rejected, the judgment
must be affirmed. The first of these was a bond, and the second a deed, in alleged
pursuance of it, both purporting to have been executed, under coverture, by Mrs. Hale (now Mrs. Rice) and Mrs. Phipps, to persons under whom the appellants claim. The question of the title depends solely upon the validity of these conveyances.
I. 1. As to the bond, it is only necessary to refer to the case of Hickey's Lessee v. Stewart et al., which was decided, upon able debate and ample deliberation, at the last term of this court, wherein it was held, that an equitable title could not be set up
either to sustain or to defeat an action of ejectment. 3 How. S. C. R. 760. Hence, bad the bond been acknowledged by these married women, and otherwise 'valid, it was properly rejected by
the l6wer court. 2. The same ceremony of an acknowledgment, on a private ex-
amination, is required, by the statute of Mississippi, in the alienation of equitable as in that of legal estates, both kinds of estate being within the terms and meaning of the statute :- ,Noestate of a feme covert shall hereafter pass by her deed or conveyance," &c. (quoted hereafter). Howard and Hutchinson, 347. So, in
Ohio, leases by femes covert must be acknowledged. 6 Ohio R. 313. In this case, there is no certificate or acknowledgment what-
ever of the bond. 3. The bond of a married woman is, upon the general princi-
ples of the law, utterly void. 2 Kent, 168,.5th ed. ; 6 Wend. 1 ; 1 Bailey, 184 ; 2 Story's Eq. 617 ; 5 Day, 492 ; 7 Con-
nect. R. 128. II. The deed was properly rejected upon three grounds 1. Its intrinsic defect. Phipps, Haile, and Gibson grant, "in
right of their wives," but these wives are not parties to the deed. It is true, their signatures are affixed, but their names are not in the body of the deed. Now, it is rather trite learning to say, and to say here, that there must be a grantor, a grantee, and a thing granted, to every deed that grants land ; that'a grantor is as necessary as a grantee or thing granted; or that the. is a place in a deed for the name of the party who grants, and that this place is not the bottom of the deed. This is a good conveyance of the
life estates of Phipps, Haile, and Gibson ; the two former being

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

237

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et al. v. Rice et al.

dead, and their wives never having been made parties to it by apt words, are not bound by it.
A deed of land, executed by husband and wife, but containing no words of grant by the wife, does not convey her estate in the land, nor her right of dower. 3 Mason's C. C. R.
347. Where there are no grantors, there is no remedy even in equity
10 Ohio 1R. 305
A deed is invalid, though the feme covert be named in the premises, and her signature be affixed, if not named elsewhere. 7
Ohio Rt. 195.
2. The deed was properly rejected, because of the defective certificate bf examination and acknowlidgment.
The statute 6f Mississippi is as follows (Howard and Hutchinson, 347) :-
"1No estate of a feme covert in any lands, tenements, or herediaments, lying and being in this State, shall hereafter pass by her deed or conveyance, without a previous acknowledgment made by her, on d private examination, apart from her husband, before a judge, &c., that she signed, sealed, and delivered the same as her voluntary aibt and deed, freely, without any fear, threats, or compulsion of her husband, and a certificate thereof written on or under said deed or conveyance, and signed by the judge or justice before whom it was-made; and every deed or conveyance so executed and acknowledged by a feme covert and certified as aforesaid shall release and bar her right of dower in the lands, tenements, -and hereditaments mentioned in such deed or convey-
ance.)) It does not appear from the certificate in this case, that the
acknowledgment of the married women was taken on a private exanination, which is required by the statute.
In the first sentence of the certificate, the husbands and their wives all appear and act together ; in the second, .the wives all appear and act together. For it is stated, -" And Martha Phipps,
Sarah Gibson, and Mary Haile, wives of William M. Phipps, William R. Haile, and David H. Gibson, having been examined, separate and apart from their husbands, and" acknowledged that they signed," &c. If grammatical construction require the insertion of the word "having" before the word "a cknowledged," it is questionable whether there be any affirmative statement of the acknowledgment at all. If the word "separate,'" which is not in the statute, and imparts no vigor to its phraseology, be stricken out, the, certificate will be, - " And Martha Phipps, Sarah Gibson, and Mary Haile, wives, &c., having been examined apart from their husbands," &c. It is in vain to call this an "acknowledgment made by her (them) on a private examinationi"; for it eviscerates the very vitals of the statute. The examinatiorn may have

238

SUPREME COURT.

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et al. v. Rice et al.

been not only apart and separate from their husbands, but private, or, in the language of Coke, solely and secretly, and yet the acknowledgment may have been made not only in the presence of the relatives, friends, and dependents of their husbands, but in that of the husbands themselves. The interpolation of the word "separate" imparts no strength to "apart," nor are they, separate and apart, or united, eiluivalent to private ; separate having
reference to the position of husband and wife, while private indicates the position of the magistrate and the wife in reference to the whole world besides. The two houses of Congress are separate and apart, but not very private ; the chief-justice and his
associates are separate and apart, yet together~constitute one public bench. The examination of married women, separate and apart from their husbands, though in the -company of each other, would not be regarded as 'a compliance with the- statute ; yet it is obvious from the face of the certificate, that the three sisters, Mrs.
Phipps, Mrs. Gibson, and Mrs. Haile, were all of them together, acting, acknowledging, and being examined ; and, for aughf that appears to the contrary, may have been surrounded, at the time of the acknowledgment, by the friends, relatives, and dependents of their husband4, and of their grantees, against whose arts and influences, if it do not appear by the certificate that the rights of the married women have been shielded and protected, the statute become. a dead letter, and the private examination a mockery. The case of Jones v. Maffett and wife, 5 Serg. & Rawle, 534, was decided upon the ground that the Pennsylvania statute did not require a privy examination, but that it was sufficient if the feme covert were examined "separate and apart from her husband." There is a mutilated quotation, I believe, in the same case, of the maxim, " omnia presumuntur rite esse arta," which is severed from donec probetur in contrarium. The certificate annihilates
the presumption. The disability of coverture can only be overcome by the pre-
cise means allowed by law for the alienation of the real estate of married women (2 Story's Eq. 617), of which an essential part is a private examination, derived from the English mode of conveyance by fine, and rescued from its wreck. Lord Coke thus discourseth of the same: -
" The examination must be solely and secretly, and the effect thereof is, whether she be content of her own free good-will, without any menace, or threat, to levy a fine of these parcels, and name them to her, every thing distinctly contained in the writ, so as she perfectly understand what she doth ; and if the judge doubteth of her age, he may examine her upon her oath."-2 Inst. 515 ; 6 Wend. 12.
It is a general principle of American law, that all deeds of married women, without. a privy examination, are void ; 2 Lomax's

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

239

Agricultural Bahk of Mississippi et al. v. Rice et al.

Dig. 18 ; and that all acts not conformable to acts of Assembly are void ; ibid. 52. Some States provide, simply, that there shall be a private eeamination upon the execution of a deed by a feme covert, and leave every thing else to the integrity and intelligence of the offleers authorized to conduct it ; others prescribe the acts to be performed by the officer, such as reading the deed, making known its contents, or explaining its effects (12 Leigh, 464; 1 Binney, 477 ; 6 Serg. & Rawle, 50), without the performance of which the deed is inoperative and void. But it is obvious that the requirement of the private examination alone,
and the requirement of the acts which constitute it, are the same thing, - the object of both being to remove the disability which re-
sults from the matrimonial connection, while they throw an intrenchment around the rights' of the feme covert, who is hardly considered, in contemplation of law, to have a separate legal existence, her husband and herself constituting but one person. The sacred injunction, Whom God bath joined together, let no man put asunder, is, pro hac vice, disregarded, and the minister of the law is clothed with a confidence which is denied to the husband. The inefficient or negligent discharge of the duties of the office, which tend to its -degradation, will neither be sustained by subtle construction, nor receive the countenance of courts of justice.
The words of the certificate are, that 1 they signed, sealed, and delivered the same as their act and deed, free of fears, threats, or compalsion of their said husbands "; the language of the statute is, that " they signed, sealed, and delivered the same as their voluntary act and deed, freely, without any fear, threats, or compulsion of their said husbands." The omission of two words of such pregnant import, emphatically reiterated, as if to stamp freedom of volition not only on the act itself, but the manner of the act, is, I humbly submit, so utterly fatal to the certificate, as to render any further remdrks unnecessary, except that, though an act done by a
person capable of contracting would be presumed to have been voluntary, yet this is not that case ; and that each word of the certificate may be perfectly true, yet the deed may have been signed reluctantly and not voluntarily, sealed reluctantly and not voluntarily, and delivered reluctantly and not voluntarily.
III. The acknowledgment of the femes is'not recorded, the certificate of the clerk embracing the deed only.
Be it remembered, that the deed was not proved as an original; to be read otherwise than as such, bbth the acknowledgment and
the certificate must be recorded. Howard and Hutchinson, 343.
It is not the fact, but the recording of the fact, that makes the
deed effectual. Tate's Dig. 170 ; 1 Pet. 138, 140. It is in the nature of a judicial proceeding, of which there must
be a record.

240

SUPREME. COURT.

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et al. v. Rice et al.

IV. Confirmation. It may yet be contended, that the bond, or the deed, or the mortgage, was confirmed, after disability removed, and that the mode of confirmation was the receipt of money upon the notes given for the property for which suit was brought.
Void instruments are incapable of confirmation (Story's Cont. § 47 ; Plowden's R. 397), which must be by an instrument of as high a nature. 8 Taunt. 36 ; 10 Peters, 59.
A lease, which is void as to a remainder man, cannot be set up as a defence to an action of ejectment brought by him, although it be proved that he received rent, or suffered the tenant to make improvements. Law Lib., Oct., 1845, p. 300 ; Doug. 50.
Confirmation cannot be, unless with a knowledge of their rights. 5 Ohio R. 255.
To make an act amount to redelivery, there must be clear knowledge. 5 Dana, 234.
It must be known that receipt of money made good the rede-
livery 9 Dana, 477. The act relied on here was the receipt of money upon the
notes, without any reference whatever to the bond, deed, or mortgage, by payor or payee.
Upon the'mortgage, T-hich was not offered in evidence, no question was raised in th, court below; of course, none can be raised or considered here. 11 Wheat. 199.
The time when, and the character ii which, this money was received will shed light upon the intention with which it was received, and the effect of its receipt.
The defects in the deed had not been ascertained when the payments were made. The bond was understood to be merged in the deed, and the deed was believed to be valid ; hence there could have been no intention to confirm what was already considered as obligatory. Suit was brought as soon as the deed was discovered to be defective. The effect of the receipt of money in a fiduciary character cannot prejudice the privite rights of Mrs. Rice or Mrs. Phipps. By law, they could only receive it thus, since they had no right to the personalty of their respective husbands; upon which, moreover, there was a statutory lien for their debts. The law will not put them in -the predicament of saving their private rights by faithlessness to their trust, or losing their private rights by a faithful performance of the duties of executorship or admin-
istrTathioenre. was neither instrument, act, nor intention of confirma-
tion, nor knowledge of their rights, till suit was brought.

1Mr. Crittenden, on the same side.
It might be dishonorable for any parties except- married women to try and get this property back ; but the law is not friendly to their rights, and in nine cases out of ten, they do not know what they

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

241

Agricultural Bank of Mississippi et al. v. Rice et al.

are conveying away when they execute deeds. In this case, the property belonged to the wife, but she is not named as a grantor in the deed, and therefore is not bound by it. 3 Mason7s C. C. R.
347. (Mr. Crittenden then examined the certificate of the magistrate,
which he contended was not sufficient.) It is argued that a subsequent acceptance of money by these
wives, after the death of their husbands, reacts upon the original contract and confirms it. But it cannot make a deed good which is intrinsically void. Instruments may be confirmed in some cases, it is true, but only when they are valid for some purposes, and not where they are wholly void. And besides, the confirming act must be performed with the intention and purpose of producing. such a consequence. It cannot be effected incidentally. The mere receipt of money is not sufficient,

Mr. Chief-Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.

This being an action of ejectment, the only question between

the parties is upon the legal title.

It is admitted in the exception, that Mary Rice and Martha

Phipps, lessors of the plaintiff, were each of them, as heirs at law

of Adam Bower, entitled to an undivided third part of the prem-

ises mentioned in the declaration, in fee simple. In order to

show title out of them, the plaintiffs in error relied upon the bond

of conveyance and deed, mentioned in the statement of the case,

both of which were signed and sealed by these lessors of the plain-

tiff, but were executed while they were femes covert.

As regards the bond, it would not have transferred the legal title,

even if all the parties had been capable of entering into a valid and

binding agreement. But as to the femes covert who signed it, it

was merely void, and conferred no right, legal or equitable, upon

the obligees.

The deed, also, is inoperative as to their title to the land. In

the premises of this instrument, it is stated to be the indenture of

their respective husbands in right of their wives, of the one part,

and of the grantees, of the other part,- the husbands and the

grantees being specifically named ; and the parties of the first part

there grant and convey to the parties of the second part. The

lessors of the plaintiff are not described as grantors ; and they use

no words to convey their interest. It is altogether the act of the

husbands, and they alone convey. Now, in order to convey by

'grant, the party possessing the right must be the grantor, and use

apt and proper words to convey to the grantee, and merely signing

and sealing and acknowledging an instrument, in which another

person is grantor, is not sufficient. The deed in question conveyed

the marital initerest of the husbands in these lands, but nothing

more.

VOL. IV.

31

U

242

SUPREME COURT.

Clifton r. The United States.

It is unnecessary to inquire whether the acknowledginent of the femes covert is or is not in conformity with the statute of Mississippi. For, assuming-it to be entirely regular, it would not give effect to the conveyance of their interests made by the husbands alone. And as to the receipt of the money mentioned in the testi-
mony, after they became sole, it certainly could not operate as a legal 'conveyance, passing the estate to the grantee, nor give effect
to a deed which as to them was utterly void.
The judgment of the Circuit Court is therefore affirmed.

CHARLES CLIFTON, CLAULANT, PLAINTIFF IN EREOR, v. THE UNITED
STATES.
Upon the trial of a cause where goods bad been seized upon suspicion of being fraudulently imported, and the United States had shown sufficient ground for an opinion of the court that probable cause existed for the prosecution, and notice had been given to the claimant to produce his books and accounts relating to those goods, it -vas proper for the court to instruct the jury, that, if the claimant had withheld the testimony of his accounts and transactions with the parties abroad from whom he received the goods, they were lt liberty to presume that, if produced, they would have operated unfavorably to his cause.
The doctrine laid down in 2 Evans's Pothier, 149, cited and approved, namely, "1That if the weaker and less satisfactory evidence is given and relied on in support of a fact, when it is apparent to the court and jury that proof of a more direct and explicit character was within the power of the party, the same caution which rejects the secondary evidence will awaken distrust And suspicion of the weaker and less satisfactory, and it may well be presumed, that if the more per.fect exposition had been given, it wouldhave laiodpen deficiences and objections which the more obscure and uncertain testimony was intended to conceal."
The principle established in the case of Wood v.The United States (16 Peters, 34) reviewed and confirmed, namely,- 11That if goods are fraudulently invoiced, they are not exempted from forfeiture, by having been appraised in the custom-house at valuations exceeding the prices in the invoices, and delivered to the importers on payment of the duties assessed upon such increased valuations."
If the information contains several counts, founded on the following acts, namely, the sixy-sixth section of the act of 17.99, the fourth section of the act of 183l, and the fourteenth section of the act of 183-2, the defectiveness ofthe counts upon the acts of 1830 and 1832 would be no ground for reversing a judgment of condemnation, provided the count is good which is founded upon the act f 1799; because one good count is sufficient to uphold a general verdict and judgment.
The difference between these sections explalned. In this case, therefore, it is unnecessary to, decide what averments are required in
counts resting upon the acts of 1830 and 1832, or whether the counts are or are not void from generality.
THIs case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for East Pennsylvania.
The facts are fully set forth in the opinion of the court.
The case was argued by Mr. ,Meredith,for the plaintiff in er-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.-

503

Michoud et al. -v. Girod et al.

the record shait have been transmitted to an inferior tribunal. But, independently-of these irregularities, we think that this court Jmve no jurisdiction under the act of Congress, and on this ground this suiris dismissed.

ANTOINE MIcHuoiD, JOSEPH MAIE GIROD, GABRIEL MONTAXAT, FEr
LIx GrEiA, JEAN B. DYAN, AiNi DENIS PRIEUR, CHARLES CLAIBORNE, MANDEVILLE MARIGNY, MADAx E. GmRu, WIDOW SABATIER, A. FOURNIER, E. MAZUREAv, E. RIVOLET, CLAUDE GunLIE,
THE MAYOR 6F THE CITY OF NEW ORLEANS, THE TREASURR or
THE CHARITY HOs PITAL, AND THE CATHOLtC ORPHNt'S AsYLUM,
APELLANTS, V. PERONNE BERNARDINE GIROD, WIDOW OF J. P. H.
PARGOUD, RESIDING AT ABERVILLE, IN THE DUCHY OF SAVOY, f.RO-
SALIE GIROD. WIDOW oF PHILIP-ADAm, BESIDING AT FAVEEGES, IN
THE DUCHY OF SAVOY, ACTING FOR THEMSELVES AND IN BEHALF OF
THEIR COHEIRS OF CLAUDE FRANgois GIROD, TO WIT, Louis- Jo-
SEPH POIDEBARD, FRANoIS S. POIDEBARD, DENIS P. POIDEBAfiD, WIDOW Or P.NicouD; JACQUELINE PO6EBARD, WIFE OF MARIE
RIVOLET; CLAUDINE POIDEBARD, WIDOW OF P. F. POIDEBARD; AND
M. R. POIDEBARD, WIFE or ANTHELDIE VALLIER, AND ALSO OF
FRAN~ois QUvTAND JEAN Wf.-F. QUETAND, MAIEJ QUETAND, WIFE
or J. M. AVIT ; F ANSOISE °QVETAND,- WIFE or J.A: ALLARD; MIARIE R..QU TAND, MARIE B. QUETAND ; ALSO OF J. F. GiiOt, JEANNE P. GIROD, WIE OF CLEMENT ODONINO, F. CLEMENTINE GIROD, WIFE OF P. F. PEENOISE, AND JEAN MICHEL GIROD,. DEFEND-NTS.
A person cannot legally purchase on his own account that which his duty or trust requires him to sell on account of another, nor purchase on account of another that which he sells on his own account. He is not allowed to unite the two opposite characters of buyer and seller.
A purchase, per interpositam personan,by a trustee or agent, of the particular property of which he has the sale, or in which he represents another, whether: he has an interest in it or not, carries fraud on the face of it.
This rule applies t, a purchase by executors, at open sale, although they were empowered by the '-ill to sell the estate of their testator for the benefit ofheirs and legatees, a part of which heirs and legatees they themselves were.
A purchase so made by executors will be set aside. The decisions of the courts of several States, upon this subject, examined and rea
marked upon. Relaxations of this rule of the civil law, which were made in some countries of
Europe, were not adopted by the Spanish law, and of course never reached Louisiana. Nor were those' relaxations carried so far as to allow a testamentary or dative executor to buy the property which he was appointed to administer. The maxims and qualifications of the civil law, upon this point, examined. Although courts of equity generally adopt.the statutes of limitation, yet, in a case of actual fraud, they will grant relief within the lifetime of either of the parties upon whom the fraud is proved, or within thirty years after it has been discovered or become known to the party whose rights are affected by it. Within what time a constructive trust will be barred must depend upon the circumstances of the case, and these are always examinable. Acquittances given to an executor, without a full knowledge of au the circumstances, where such information had been withheld by the executor, and menaces and promises thrown out to prevent inquiry, are not binding.

WSUPREME

COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et aL

THis case was brought up by appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States, for the Eastern District of Louisiana, sitting as
a court of equity. The widow Pargod and others, defendants in this court, were
complainants in the court below, and obtained a. decree in their favor, from which the other parties appealed. They alleged, that
a series of fraudulent transactions occurred; commencing in 1813,, by which they had been deprived of their fair share of the estate of Claude Francois Girod, whose heirs they were, and that the chief agent in this fraud was Nicholas Girod, a brother of the deceased Claude Franois Girod, and also a brother of some of the complainants, and relative of the rest.
Claude Frangois Girod was a resident of the parish of Assumptjon, in the State of Louisiana, and died in the mopth.of November,
1813, leaving a last will and testament, dated op the 30th of November, 1812, and a codicil, dated on the 4th of November, 1813, which will was admitted to probate, with the codicil, on the 8th of November, 1813. He never was married, and left eight brothers and sisters, and the children of a predeceased sister. These sur-
viving brothers and sisters, with the exception of Jacques, otherwise called Jacques Antoine Girod (who was excluded by the terms of the will), were the legal heirs of the deceased Claude
Frangois Girod, each for the one eighth part of his estat6 and the succession ; and the heirs and legal representatives of the said predeceased sister, the legal heirs by representation of their deceased
mother, for the remaining eighth part of the estatq. The proceedings in the case were exceedingly complicated.
There was a bill, and an amended bill, and a supplemental bill, and another amended bill, and then another amended bill. Instead of pursuing the case through all these details, the simplest course will
be to state-the charges in the bill, and the documents brought forward to sustain them.
The will of Claude Francois Girod was as follows -
" I, Claude Francois Girod, the legitimate son of Frangois Silvestre Girod, deceased, and of the late Frangois, born Dubois, native of Th~ne, in Savoy, diocese of Geneva, province of France, and now a resident of the parish of Assumption, on Bayou
Lafourche, in the State of Louisiana, being about sixty years of age, and desirous to die in the Roman Catholic and Apostolic religion, under which I have ever lived, with a-firm belief in the mysteries 'of our holy religion, do ordain this my last will or testament, in
case .I should be overtaken by death, the hour of which I am uncertain of; and as it behooves all living beings to settle their tem-
poral affairs, when they are in the full enjoyment of their health and reason, in order to avoid terebythe difficulties which arise when
we are laboring under a dangerous disease, which takes from us the use of our reasonable faculties, and consequently deprives us of the

JANUARY TERM 1.446.

565-

Michoud et al. v. Giro1 et al.

understanding and memory necessary to the faithful and peaceable

settletment ot our family affairs, with a..view to avert from our heirs

the difficalties always prejudical to those that are absent. Now,

therefore, under these circumstances, I invoke the grace:and clem-

ency of God, to whom I recommend my soul When separated from

my body ; and I wish and ordain, that the latter be buried among

faithful Christians, with all the usual "rites of our mother church,

leaving with my testamentary executors, herein after named, the

performance of all pious works, such as causing. three masses to be

said on my behalf to my holy patron, as also funeral services,

masses, &c., &c.

"I1. I declare that the property I am now possessed of are the

earnings of my labor and savings, and consist of the following items,

to wit :- Three houses and several lots situated in suburb St. Mary,

above the city of New Orleans, and one in Chartres Street, now

occupied by my brothe, Nicolas Girod; one-main plantation, where-

on I reside, situated in said Bayou Lafourehe, with all the build-

ings, improvements, and appurtenances thereof-,and being thirty-one

and a half arpents front, together with the utensils, implements of

husbandry, animals of all kind,-and one hundred and odd slaves of

different ages belonging to me ; also, i quantity of lands situated in

the different 'parishes of the bayou, the titles to which I hold in my

possession ; also, a certain sum of money is due to me, which I can-

not ascertain at present, but which will be made to appear by the

books and obligations in my power ; also, I am the owner of upVards

of two hundred and seventy bales of ginned cotton, now in my

stores; also, I declare that I am indebted unto divers persons -by

obligations, and little by accounts, in a sum of about thirty thousand

dollars.

"4 3. I give and bequeath to my parish of Thbne, in Savoy, to

have a solemn mass annually said on my behalf, and-to contribute

to the repairs of said church, a sum of two thousand dollars, such

being my will.

"4. I give to the poor of my said parish, to be distributed among

them so a to meet their most pressing wants,, a sum of one thou-

sand dollars, such being my will.-

" 5. I give and bequeath to the cousins, Dodos Golli6, of said

parish, a sum of five hundred dollars, such h~ing my-will.

"16. I give and beqheath to the brothers and sisters, Joseph Suard,

senior, and Antoine Suard, junior, sons of Antbine Suard, deceased,

since about thirty years, residing at Cluse, in Fonsigny (Savoy),

the sum of two thousand dollars, such being my will.

"7. I give and bequeath to my distant relations of said parish a

sum of five hundred dollars, to be -distributed among them, -such

being my will.

"8. I give and bequeath to the Charity Hospital of Th6ne, in

Savoy, a sum of one thousand dollars, such being my will.

VOL. IY.

64

qQ,,

508

SUPREME COURT.

Michdud et a]. v. Girod et a.

'C 9. I give and bequeath to the children of my deceased sister,
Franqoise, wife of Poidabard, without prejudicing their rights in and to my succession, the sum of two thousand dollars, to be divided between them by equal poitions, such being my will.
" 10. I give and bequedth to my sister Teresa, wife of Quetant, without prejudice to her rights in my succession, a sum of one thousand dollars, such being my will.
c 11. I give and bequeath to my god-daughter and sister, Rosalie, married at Talcire, her husband's name being unknown to me, a sum of one thousand dollars, without prejudice to her rights in my
succession, such being my will.
"112. I give for once to my brother James Girod, a sum of four thousand dollars, without any other rights or pretensions whatever in and to my succession, such being my last will.
"113. 1 give and bequeath to mybrother Claude, married, the sum of two thousand dollars, without prejudice to his.rights in my suc-
cession, such being my last will. " 14. I give and ,bequeath to the parish of Assumption, for the
church.wardens in Lafourche, where I now reside, a sum of five hundred dollars, for contributing to the construction of a church,
such being my will. "1115. I give and bequeath to the mulatress Frangoise Vils, for the
faithful services she has rendered to me at my house, during a Ion space of time, a sum of six thousand dollars, which shall be.paid to her (after my death) one, two, and three years, such being my
will.
" 16. I give and bequeath to my god-daughter Franmoise, a free colored woman, the daughter of Rosette, a negro woman, a sum of fifteen hundred dollfrs, such being my last will.
" 17. I give and bequeath to the mulatress Belanie, wife of Colas Meillen, a sum of two hundred dollars, such being my will.
"118. I give likewise to her younger sister Polline, a sum of two hundred dollars, such being my will.
" 19. I give and bequeath to my mulatto slave Dominic, who is a blacksmith and rum-distiller, his freedom, which he shall be put in possession of six'months after my death, for his good and faithful
services to me. "120. I nominate for my testamentary executors th following
persons, my brother Nicolas, who- is my senior, and Jean Fran ois, my junior, the former being a merchant in New Orleans, and the second is a planter, residing at Washita, and in their default, Mr. Phillipon, senior, merchant at New Orleans, to whom I give, by the present olographic testament, full power and authority as required by law to take possession of all my property present and to come, to inventory, sell, and cause them to be sold, as' to him will seenA best for the heirs of all my brothers and sisters, present and absent, without intervention of justice, hereby annulling ani de-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

5W

Michoud et al v. Girod et al.

claring void all other testaments, codicils, and donations, me'is

causa, and other acts of last will which I may have made previous

to and to the prejudice of the present, which is the only one I

adopt as being my last will, in order that my heirs may inherit and

enjoy my property with the benediction of God and mine, &c.

" Done and passed on my plantation, at Lafourche, the 30th of

November, 1812. (Signed,)

C. F. GIROD.

J'H COURRIE, Witness8.-

SAINT FELIX, withess.

"Ne varietur

"STATE or LoUIszAurA, PARISH OF ASSUMPTION:.

"Monday, the 8th of November, in the year 1813.

"1At the request of Mr. Nicolas Girod, I, F. Corvaisier, judge

of this parish, did repair to the plantation of the late C. F. Girod,

where a' bundle written over having been presented to me as the

testament or last will of the said C. F. Girod, signed by him under

date of the thirtieth of November, eighteen hundred and twelve, as

also an open codicil signed by the deceased, in the presence of

Messrs. Prevot, St. Felix, and Francois Bernard de Deva, I *pro-

ceeded to the proof of said testament by swearing to that effect

Messrs. St. Felix and J'h Courrie, witnesses to said testafrent,

in the presence of Mr. Nicolas Girod, and then proceeded -to open

the same.

(Signed,)

N. GIROD,

J. L. COURRIE,
SAINT FELIX BECHE, Justice of the Peace.
F. CORREJOLLES, uitnees. F. CORVAISIER, Judge.

"1And by the opening of said testament we saw that Messrs.

Nas Girod and F'ois Girod, brothers of the deceased, were ap-

pointed testamentary executors.

(Signed,)

F. CORVAISIER, Judge."

There were four inventories made of the, property of the deceased, namely :-

November 12th, 1813. February 3d, 1814. February 18th, 1814. February 26th, 1814.

'In the parish of Assumption. In the parish of Assumption. In the parish of Assumption. In the city of New Orleans.

The amount of all these inventories was $ 124,594-45. In the fourth inventory was included the half of a house and lot at the corner of S' Louis and' Chartres Streets, in the city of New Orleans, whereas the complainants alleged that the whole of it be-

WSUPREME

COURT.

Michoud et al. r. Girod et al.

longed to the deceased, and ought to have been included in the
inventory.
The bill then charged, that the executors plotted and contrived to obtain possession, for their own use: and benefit, and to the wrong and injury of their coheirs, of the entire succession -and estate of their deceased brother, by virtue of the ,following proceedings,
which were charged with being illegal and fraudulent, namely :I On the 19th of January, 1814, the executors presented the following petition :-

'$ To the Honorable Fran's Corvaisier, Judge of the Court of Probates of the Parish of Assumption, Lafourche.

"The petition of Nicholas and Jean Francois Girod, both mer-

chants, residing in the State of Louisiana, and testamentary

executors of the late Claude Francois Girod, deceased, in the

said lfarish, humbly showeth :-

4"That their deceased brother, Claude Frangois Girod, by his

testament dated the 30th of November, 1812, has appointed them

his testamentary executors and detainers of his estate, and, as such,

given to.them full power and authority to cause an inventory of all

his property to be made, without intervention of justice, to sell or

cause to be sold his property, in whole or in part, as to them will

seem best for their own interests, and for those of' the absent heirs

named in said testament.

"Wherefore petitioners pray the honorable court to order,

that the sale of the movablesi movable effects, and of the main

plantation, as also of the slaves of both sexes employed thereon,

and other lands adjoiningtherbto, and making part thereof in die

lifetime of the- deceased, be made at public auction, for cash, as

consisting in part of perishable objects, and for the purpose of pay-

ing the debts of the sucdession, after the usual delays, advertise-

ments, and publications required by law.

"The 19th of January, 1814.

(Signed,)

N. GIROD,

Testamentary Executor.

JN. FS. GIROD,

Testamentary Execuftor."

On the 16th of February; 1814, the following bond was executed

"Whereas, the honorable judge, Franqois Corvaisier, thinks that he is not authorized to sell the several properties situated in the
parish of Lafourche, interior, as being without the jurisdiction of his said parish ; and whereas we are desirous to remove all the liabilities which the said honorable judge might subject himself to, by selling said lands in the same manner, and at the same time, as those situated -within. his jurisdiction. Now, therefore, as test&-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

509

Michoud -et a]. r. Girod et al.

mentary executors of the late C. F. Girod, we do bind -ourselves,

by these presents, to protect and warrant said honorable judge

against all the troubles and difficulties which might be the c6onse-

quence of his thus selling the lands of the succession situated out

of this parish.

" In faith whereof, wehave signed these presents, to be by him

used as of right. Parish of Assumption, the 16th of February,

1814.

(Signed,)

JN. FS. GIROD.

JN. FS. GIROD, Executor."

On the i 8th of February, 1814, a sale took place, as evidenced by the following paper :-

"State of Louisiana, Parish of Assumption, the eighteenth day of February, in the year 1814.
"On the day and year aforewritten, upon the. request of the testamentary executors of the late C. F. Girod, I, Fran?0is Corvaisier, judge of the said parish, did repair to the sugar-plantation of the deceased, and we there proceeded to the sale and adjudication (as requested), of the property, both movable and immovable, belonging to the succession, to wit :-I"

(Then follows an enumeration of plantations, tracts of land, and personal property.)

"'NB.. A certain lot of ground situated at Donaldsonville, which, through error, was included in the original inventory, has
not been sold, because it does not belong to the succession, but to

one F'se Wiltz, a free woman of color. And the present sale being concluded on the day and year aforewritten, we have closed
these presents, amounting to the total sum of eighty-four thousand seven hundred and fifty-five dollars and forty cents, omissions and

errors of calculations excepted, And the witnesses, the last appraisers, and the parties interested, have signed,.before the judge of the aforesaid parish of Assumption, on the 18th of February,.

1814. (Signed,)

JN. FS. GIROD, Testamentary Etecutor,

for self, and by procuratio of his brother, .N'a's Girod.
ETIENNE BOUDREAUY, eitnest.

JACQUES TERIOT,

do.

L. RICHE,

do.

P. L. LAURET,

do.,

FS. CORREJOLES,

do.

Ordinary mark of PIERRE CANCIEL,

do.

CCBefore me,

JUAN VIVES,

do.

J. BERN'DO DE DEVA, do.

F. CORVAISIER, Judge." QQ*

510

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

On the same day, namely, the 18th of February, 1814, the following judicial adjudication of the property was made, being in the nature of a deed :-
" State of Louisiana, Parish of Assumption, the 18th of February, 1814.
"At the request of the testamentary executors of the late C. F. Girod, J. F. Corvaisier, judge of the -aforesaid parish and of the Court of Probates, did repair to the sugar-plantation of said deceased, where, the customary formalities being complied with,.and the sale having been announced by the public crier, I proceeded, as requested, to sell at auction, and for cash, to the highest and last bidder, on account of said succession, or those interested therein, all the lands, slaves, and-other property situated in this parish and county of Bayou Lafourche, to wit :- Thirteen tracts of land or plantations, cultivated or otherwise, including thereon the sugarplantation [and] three small islands lying at the mouth of said bayou ; also one hundred and seventeen slaves, employed on said sugar-plantation, said slaves being of different ages and sexes, in good health, sick, infirm, crippled, and such as they are or may be, and no warranty being given to the purchaser against the redhibitory vices and maladies prescribed by law, said warranty being on -the contrary absolutely and totally refused ; also a cotton-gin adjoining said sugar-plantation ; also a distillery in operation, with its implements and appurtenances ; also all the horned cattle, mules, horses, carts, and wagons ; also all the implements- of husbandry of. said sugar-plantation ; as also all the furniture [and] old silver plate ; also twenty-two hundred gallons of Tafra, in the distillery aforesaid ; also fifty-five thousand pounds of brown sugar lying on cisterns ; also sixty-three bales of cotton (nine of which are damaged), weighing together twenty-three thousand one hundred and thirty pounds. All the above articles were sold separately, and cried by the public crier, with the exception of the sugar-plantation, which was sold, with the furniture thereof, as appears by the judicial sale, detailed and deposited in the clerk's office of the- said parish of Assumption; and the whole, amounting together to the sum of eighty-four thousand seven hundred and fifty-five dollars and forty cents, was adjudicated for cash to Mr. Charles Saint Felix, who is satisfied therewith, for having seen, visited, received, and taken possession of same. And the aforesaid Nas. Girod and Jn.-F. Girod, here present, declare, by the present act, that they have received from the said Charles Saint Felix the aforesaid sum of $ 84,755"40, for which acquittance is hereby given, and that they quitclaim and release him, and his heirs and assigns, of and from all claims and demands whatsoever.
"In testimony whereof, the aforesaid parties have signed the

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

511

Michoud et a]. v. Girod et al.

present judicial sale, the day and year first above written, in pres-

ence of the undersigned witnesses, and of the parish judge.

"Signed, per procuration of Nas. :Girod, JN. F. GIROD.

JN. F. GIROD.

SAINT FELIX. T. COURRIE.

"Witnesses, - F. CORREJOLLEES.

" Before me,

J. CORVAISIER, Judge."

On the 23d of February, 1814, by a similar deed to the above,
Saint Felix conveyed the whole of the property to Nicholas Girod and Jean F. Girod, describing it in the language above quoted, and for the same consideration. The deed concludes in the following language :-

"All which articles, the said Saint Feli does, by these presents,

retrocede to the said purchasers, Nas. Girod and Jean Francois

Girod, for themselves, their heirs and assigns, without any reserva-

tion or reclamation whatever, for the price and sum of eighty-four

thousand seven hundred and fifty-five dollars and forty cents, which

the said vendor acknowledges, by these presents, to have received, in

ready money, from the said purchasers, Nas. Girod and Jean Frs.

Girod, and for which the present sale will operate as an acquittal and

release against all and every person or persons whatever ;' the said

Saint Felix herein delaring, that he is not bound to furnish the said

purchasers with any other titles for the said lands and slaves, than

those which have been given and delivered to him at the judicial sale aforesaid, and which he now delivers to said purchasers, who

acknowledge to have received them, and to be .,atisfied therewith.

Wherefore, the contracting parties agreeing both to these presehts,

have set their names to the same, the day and year aforewritten,

in the presence of the undersigned witnesses, and- of the parish

judge aforesaid.

(Signed,)

NAS. GIROD, per procuration.

SAINT FELIX.

JN. F. GIROD.

JN. F. GIROD.

" Witness, - (Signed,) J. COURRIE.

Fs. CORREJOLLES."

On the 4th of March, 1814, the following petition was presented, and order given for the sale of the property in New Orleans.

"To the Honorable James PitotiJudge of the Court of Probates, the petition of Nicolas and Jean Francois Girod, testamentary executors of the late Claude Francois Girod, humbly showeth:
"1That, in conformity with the order rendered by thishonorable

512

SUJPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. r. Girod et al

court, they have caused an inventory to be made by the reger of said court of all the property left by the deceased in this parish, and amounting, according, to the appraisement made thereof,-
to the sum of twenty thousand seven hundred dollars, behig the' -amount of eight lots, and a piece of ground, situated in this city, at the corner of St. Louis and Chartres Streetp, as the whole appears from said inventory deposited in the clerk's office of said court. Petitioners further-show, that the succession of their' late brother Claude Frangois Girod is indebted in a sum.of sixt thousand dollars, or thereabouts, being the amount of the legacies and debts left by the deceased, which it is necessary to pay without- delay. Wherefore petitioners pray this honorable court to order that the said piece of ground and eight lots be sold for cash, as also the said house, which, belonging in common to the succession and one

of the petitioners, cannot be conveniently divided without loss or

inconvenience t6 the owners ; and petitioners further pray that the

present petition be served upon the attorney appointed-to represent

the- absent heirs, so that the law be complied with, and justice

will be done.

(Signed,)

N. GIROD, JMayor."

Copied from the original in English.

Order.

"Let Mr. C. R. Caune, attorney appointed by the court to

represent the absent heirs of said Claude Frangois Gircd be not'-

fied to show cause why the prayer of this petition shore not be

granted.

(Signed,)

JS. PITOT.

".New Orleans, .March 3d, 1814."

"As attorney representing the absent heirs of the said late

Claude Francois Girod, I have no objections to the petitioners'

demand.

(Signed,)

R. CAUNE, .Alttorney for absent heirs.

'24ew Orleans, .March4th, 1814."

Order.

"Let the sle be made as prayed for.

".New Orleans, .March 5th, 1814.

- (Signed,)

JS. PITOT, Joudge."

On -the 9th of April, 1814, a sale was made of the property in the city of New Orleans, in conformity with the above order, which was inventoried onr the 26th of February, as appeared by the following paper.
"And on this'ninth day of the month of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight, hundred and fourteen, and of the

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

513

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

independence of the United States of America the thirty-eighth,

at the hour often, A. M., I, Jean Baptiste Marc Brierre, deputy

register of wills for the city and parish of New Orleans, did repair

-to suburb Saint Mary, for the purpose of selling to the highest and

last bidder the houses and lots belonging to the succession of the

late Claude Frangois Girod, and there being, we did find and

meet with Mr. Nicolas Girod, one of the testamentafy executors

of the deceased, and Charle§ Robert Caune, attorney at law, ap-

pointed by the court to represent the absent heirs. Whereupon,

in their presence, and in that of Prosper Prieur and Sebastian

Blondeau, witnesses hereto required, I did proclaim the said sale

in a loud-and audible voice, and on the following terms and condi-

tions, to wit :-

cc"Cash."

(The paper then enumerated the lots of ground, and concluded as follows.)

"And there remaining nothing ee to 'be sold belonging to said

succession, I, deputy register, aforesaid, closed and terminated

"the present process verbal. And after reading thereof, we ascer-

tained the amoant of said sale to be twenty-seven thousand seven

hundred dollars, which sum was left by us in the hands of the said

Nicolas Girod, testamentary executor aforesaid, who acknowledges

the same, takes charge thereof, and has signed with the parties,

the witnesses, and me, deputy register, the day, month, and year

aforewritten.

(Signed,)

BLONDEAU.

PROSPER PRIEUR.

R. CAUNE, .fttorney.

N. GIROD, Testamentary xecutor.

BRIERRE, Deputy Register "

On the 28th of April, 1814, Laigne' conveyed to Nicholas Girod, as follows.

Sale of House and Lots from Simon Laignel to Aicholas Gied.

" Before. me, Michel de Armas, a notary public, residing in

New Orleans, State of Louisiana, United States of America, and

in the presence of the witnesses hereinafter named and undersign-

ed,. personally appeared Mr. Simbn Laignel, merchant, residing in

suburb St. Mary, who has, by these presents, sold, transferred,

and conveyed, from this day and for ever, with no other warranty

than that of his own acts and deeds, unto Mr. Nicolas Girod, of

this city, merchant, here present and accepting purchaser for him-

self, his heirs and assisgs.

" 1st. Six lots of ground," &c., &c., enumerating the lots,

aqd concluding as follows :- ",To.have and to hold said property

VOL. iv.

65

514

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

unto the said purchaser, who may use, enjoy, and dispose of the

same, in full and complete ownership, by virtue hereof. The

property herein sold and described belong to the vendor, for hav-

ing acquired the same at the public sale which the said Nic6las

Girod, as testamentary executor of the late Claude Frangois Gi-

rod, caused to be made on the 9th of April, instant, by the regis-

ter of wills, of the property belonging to said Claude Franois

Girod's succession, as the whole appears by the act of sale con-

firmatory of the adjudication aforesaid, passed before the notary

undersigned on the 25th instant. By the certificate of the recorder

of mortgages in this city, bearing even date herewith, it appears

that there is no mortgage in the name of. the vendor on the prop-

erty herein bargained and sold,

"The present sale is made for and in consideration of the total

sum of thirty-five thousand eight hundred dollars, which the said

vendor acknowledges to have received cash, before the signing

hereof, and out of. the presence of the notary and witnesses under-

signed, from the purchaser, to whom he grants full and ample

acquittance and release of the same, renouncing the benefit of the

ex6eption, non nuinerata petunia, and the two years' delay which

the law accords to enforce said exception. ,Thus it was, &c.,

promising, obliging, renouncing, &c.

"Done and passed at New Orleans, in my office, m the pres-

ence of Messrs. Michel J. B. L. Fourcesy and Charles Robert

Caune, both witnesses hereto required and domiciled in this city

on the twenty-eighth of April, in the year eighteen hundred and

fourteen, and of the independence of America the thirty-eighth;

and the said appearers, notary, and witnesses, have signed these

presents, after reading thereof.

(Signed,)

N. GIROD,

SIMON LAIGNEL,

FOURCESY,

R. CAUNE,

MICH'L DE ARMAS, .Not. Pub."

The bill of the complainants in the court below also charged, that the executors, in order to appropriate, wickedly and fraudulently, to their own use and benefit, the funds of the succession, did, in their account of the 23d of May, 1817, place themselves as creditors of said succession for a sum of nearly forty-nine thousand dollars, to wit, said Nicholas Girod for forty thousand four hundred and eighteen dollars and nine cents, and said Jean FranSois Girod for eight thousand two hundred and fifty-three dollars and twenty cents, although no sum was due to them.
The proceedings upon which this charge was founded are as
follows : -

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

515

Michofd et al v. Giroa et a].

"STATE oF LouistrmA: "NCHOLAs GIROD

J. F. GIRPD, Executor of C. F. o.604. Parishcourt.

Girod, and R. C. Caune, &c.

"Petition, filed .November 26th, 1814.

"To the Honorable James Pitot, Judge of the Parish Court for

the Parish and City of New Orleans.

"The petition of Nicolas Girod, of the said city and parish,

merchant, showeth, that Claude Francis Girod, of Lafourche, was

indebted to your petitioner in a 1rge sum of Inoney, previous

to his decease ; -that. hereto annexed is a detailed account of

the mohey due by his estate, at tbiq time, to your petitioner ;

which account, amouiting to the sum of forty thousand five hun-

dred and seventy-seven dollars and twenty cents, principal [and]

interest, the executors of the said Claude F. Girod has refused to

pay, though thereto frequently required. Wherefore your petition-

er prays, that John.Francis Girod, now residing in the city of New

Orleans aforesaid, one of the executors of the said Claude F.

Girod, and R. C. Caune, the attorney appointed to represent the

interest of the absent heirs, may be cited to appear and answer

this petition.

"And your petitioner further prays, that they may be con-

demned to pay your petitioner the above sum of $40,577'20, with

interest and costs.

"cAnd your petitioner further prays all -such other relief as

the case may require, and to justice and equity may appertain.

"Received the annexed document, New Orleans, September

9th, 1816.

(Signed,)

-N. GIROD.

"A copy thereof being annexed to the dward of the arbitrators in the premises.

c Citation.

"Mr. J. F. Girod, Executor of C. F. Girod, and C. R. Caune: "You are hereby summoned to comply with the prayer of the

annexed petition, or to file your answer thereto in writing with the

clerk of the parish of Orleans, at his office at New Orleans, in ten days after the service hereof; and if you fail herein, judgment will

be given against you by default.

"1Witness the Honorable James Pitot, judge of the said court,

this 26th day of November, in the year of our Lord 181

(Signed,)

SAM. P. MOORE, Deputy Clerk.

" Sheriff's Return. " Served a copy of petition and citation on each [of]

16

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. .. Girod et al.

defendants, November 28th, 1814 ; returned November .8th,
1814. J. H. HOLLAND, Deputy Sheri.

" ./cnswer of . F. Girod,filed N'ovember 29th, 1814.

" To the Honorable James Pitot, Judge of the Court for the Par-

ish and City of New Orleans, the answer of Jean F. Girod$

one of the testamentary exed.5,ors of the late C. F. Girod,

to the petition of Nicholas Girod, humbly showeth : " That all and singular the items in the acqounts presented by

said Nicholas Girod, in his said petition, must be proved, to justify his claim against the succession of C. F. Girod, and for that pur-

pose this.respondent prays this honorable court to order what shall

veeui -the best for the common interest of parties, and -moreover to

be hence dismissed with costs. And, &c.

(Signed,)

J.F. GIROD, Bx., Jr.

" Answer of R, Cata, filed .N'ovesmber 29th, 1814.

' To the Honorable James Pitot, Judge of tle Parish Court, the,

answer of C. R. Caune, in his capacity of attorney-repre-

senting the absent heirs of the late C. F. Girod, to the pe-

tition presented by Nicholas Girod, against the estate of the

late aforesaid C. F. Girod:

"Your respondent denies all facts mentioned in the plaintiff's

titon, and he says that the plaintiff must be proven his claim

fore court, and prays the court to dismiss him, with costs of the

suit ; in duty bound, your petitioner shall ever pray.

(Signed,)

R. CAUNE, q8torney.

" Order appointing~. btrators,Parish Court for the Parit and City of New Orleans, .November 27th, 1814.
"Present : the Honorable James Pitot. ,NIcOLAs GIROD V. J. F. GIROb, Ex. of C. F. Girod, and
C. R. Caune, attorney for the absent heirs. " Upon motion of Alfred Hennen, esquire, of counsel for the plaintiff it is ordererd that F. Percy and F. M. Rouzan be appointed arbitrators in this case, to decide on the claim of the plaintifft, and in ease of their not .agreeing, that the court appoint a third person as umpire. I do hereby certify the above. "In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed the seal of the said court at the city of New Orleans, the day and year first above written, ad of the independence of the United States the thirty-ninth. (Signed;) SAM. P. MOORE, Deputy Clerk (swearing).
"Personally appeared before me, one of the justices of the peace in and fqr the city and parish of New Orleaifs, Ferdinand

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

517

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

Percy et F. M. Rouzan, of this city, who were duly sworn ac-

cording to 12w as arbitrators as above named, that they will exam-

ine the accounts between the parties.with impartiality, and give the

report according to law.

(Signed,)

F. MEFFER ROUZAN.

F. PERCY, Jun.

- "USubscribed and sworn to before me, at New Orleans, the 10th

day of December, 1814.

(Signed,)

J. L. LAPANSE, Jtusice of thIe Peace.

"1The undersigned arbitrators, appointed by a decree of the

honorable the court of the city of New Orleans, under date of the

25th of November last, to verify and examine the accounts and

demands of Nicolas Girod, a merchant residing in New Orleans,

against the succession" of the late Claude Frangois Girod, his

brother, who was a resident -of the parish of Lafourche, in this

State, said succession being represented by Jean Franjois Girod,

one of the testamentary executors thereof, and C. R. Caune, at-

torney for the absent heirs, and to make a report thereon to said

honorable court, do declare, under the sanctity of the oath they

hale taken, on the t&nthof ]Decembhr instant, and which is hereto

annexed, that after hearing the parties interested in this affair, and

the witnesses by them introduced, after being sworn by John L.

*Laparge, a justice of the peae in this city, they have proceeded

to the examination, apd verification of the documents, titles, ac-

counts, and books exhibited to them by the parties interested in the

manner following, to wit: - First, they have examined the sworn account produced by Nicolas Girod, on the 25th of November last,

which consists of thirteen items, which the arbitrators have verified

in the manner following.

The first item, amounting in capital to $ 1,602 for 801
hides, which the said Nicolas had left in the stores

of Claude Franqois Girod, is established by 'the

declaration of Jean Franois Girod, who affirms

positively that the said 801 hides had been left in

the stores of said Claude Francois Girod, who dis-

posed of the same for his private. account; the said

Jean Francois Girod declares likewise, that two

dollars was the price for hides in 1794, and that he

himself had purchased some at that price for his

own account .. . . . . .

$ 1,602 00

The second item, amounting in capital to $4-I,50, is

the produce of an account which A-fr. Pierre Bou-

signes, then clerk of the house of Claude F. Gi-

rod, had collected and paid in the hands of said

Claude F. Girod, as making part of the funds

VOL. IV.

TR

518

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

belonging to Nicolas Girod. Mr. Bousignes de-

clared under oath, that he does not remember the

precise amount of that sum, but that it must have

been something like fifteen hundred dollars ; he rec-

ollects that that account was paid in before the fire

of 1794, and that several cash payments for, the"

private account of C. F. Girod were mae-out

of the funds belonging to said Nicolas Girod. . $1,500 00

The third item, amounting in capital to $ 6,222"18, pro-

ceeds from the following remittances and, effects, to

wit: Jean Francois Girod paid in specie to Claude

Francois Girod, Nicolas Girod'stintrest, say two

thirds in a shipment of furs made in March, 1795,

on board the brig Jane, bound to Philadelphia, and

amounting to $ 3,593-37, as appears from a copy-

book or register, marked A, No. 40, writtep by

Guilhempan, and signed by the said Claude Fran-

gois Girod, which book or register has been pro-

duced by 'the said-Jean Francois Girod, who fur-

ther declared, that the said Claude Francois Girod

was at that time authorized to settle the accounts of

Nicolas Girod with this deponent, and that the said

C. F. Girod has never rendered to Nicolas Girod

an account of this transaction . . . . 2,395 63

For so much paid by Jean Francois Girod to said

Claude Francois Girod, for Nicolas's interest, say

two thirds in another shipment of furs made' in

April, 1795, on board the brig L'Archedimoi, bound

to Philadelphia, as appears from the aforementioned

copy-book or register, marked A, No. 40. . . 432 75

For the amount of a barrel of wine, with which the pri-

vate account of said C. F. Girod was debited on

the 17th of October, 1795, but never since credited

with, as appears from the aforementioned copy-book or register,

5000

Amnount of a bill of exchange drawn by Claude Fran-

cois Girod, on the 7th of April, 1796, payable eight

days after sight, at New York, to his brother, Nico-

las Girod, for $2,000, which he had received from

Jean Franyois Girod, for $ 2,000, which he had re-

ceived from Jean Franfois Girod; said bill has

never been accepted of paid, as appears from the

bill itself, which has been exhibited to us by said

Nicolas Girod, . .

.

.

.2000

00

For Eh half of the amount of twenty-six barrels of

gunpowder, shipped in the month of April, 1796, on

board the ship The Two Friends, bound to New

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

York, and consigned to Th. Thebane, by Jean

Frangois Girod, on joint account with Nicolas Girod.
The proceeds whereof, amounting to $ 1,193"75,
as appears from the copy-book aforesaid, were re-

ceived,..as also the profits of said Th. Thebane by

the said Claude Francois Girod, who never account-

ed for them to the parties intere ted. This being

established by the declaration of said Jn. F. Gi-

rod,

.

.

.

.

.

. ..

Amount of sundry merchandises belonging to Nicolas

Girod, and by Jean Franois Girod ifitrusted to

Claude -Francois Girod, as appears from the copy-

book aforesaid, which was exhibited to us by said

Jean Fran.is Girod, who declared that Claude

Francois. Girod had never accounted for the mer-

chandise to said Nicolas Girod, . . . .

Amount of sundry debts which Claude Francois Girod

had undertaken to collect for account of Nicolas

Girod, as appears from the statement produced by,

Jean Franois Girod, and corroborated by the afore--

said copyt-book or register A, . . . . Amount of a barrel of wine, sold to Mr. de Vangine,

by the said Jn. Frangois Girod, which was paid to

said Claude Frangois Girod, as is proven by a

written declaration of said Jn. F. Girod in said copy-

book or register,

.

.

...

The 4th item, amounting in capital to $ 186, is estab-

lished by the declaration of Jean Francois Girod,

who affirms that it is within his *knowledge that the

articlest composing said item were delivered- to

Claude Francois Girod, who shippbd them for H -

vana on his private-account,

.

The 5th item, amounting in capital to $ 651"50, con-

sists of the net proceeds of the sale maide by Claude

Frs. Girod of 2 bales of blue drilling, shipped for

New York in 1801, on board of the ship South Car-

olina, Stick, master, by Thibaut, for account of

Nicolas Girod, and consigned to Claude F'ois Gi-

rod, as appears from book No. 1, which was exhib-

ited to the arbitrators, who ascertained that.it was in

the handwriting of Guilhempan, then the clerk and

agent of C. F. Girod,

.

.

.

The 6ih item, amounting in capital to $ 229"06, con-

sists likewise of the net proceeds of the sale of a

cask of manna, shipped by Nicolas Girod when in

New York, in 1797, on board of schooner Despatch,

Clark, master, to the consignment of said Claude

59
$ 596 87 "210 06 476 87
60 00 186 00
651 50

SJPREME COURT. Michoud et al. v. Girod et aL

Frangois Girod, as the whole was made to appear

by copy-book No. 1, mentioned in the foregoing ar-

ticle, ·$
The 7th item, amounting in capital to $ 379"12, con-

sists of a lot of merchandise, consigned by Jean

Franois Girod to Claude Franois Girod, at the

time of said J'n F. Girod's departure for the Unit-

ed States in 1797, which said merchandises be-

longed to said Nicolas Girod, ahd were sold by said

Claude Fran~ois Girod, as appears from a waste or

copy-book, in the handwriting of said Guilhempan

marked B, No. 42, and prdduced by said Jean

Fran ois Girod,

.

The 8th item, amounting in capital to $813"82, con-

sists of-the proceeds of the sale made by Claude

Fra. of divers merchandises belonging to Nicolas

Girod, which the latter had left in the hands of Jean

Francois Girod, who delivered them in kind to

Claude Franqois Girod at the time of said J. F. Gi-

rod's departure for the United States, in 1797 ; said

merchandises are enumerated in a copy or wavte-

book in 'the handwriting of the late Guilhempan,

marked B, No. 41, and likewise produced by the

parties interested, . . . . . .

The 9th item, amounting in capital to $ 899, consists

of the net proceeds of twelve barrels of wine

shipped by Nicolas Girod when in New York, 1797,

on board the brig Success, Dinsmore, master, to the

consignment of Claude Franuois Girod, who sold the

same, as was shown by the ales-book No. 1, afQre-

said, .

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

The 10th item, amounting in capital to $ 489,63, con-

sists also of the net proceeds of sale made by Claude

Fois Girod, of 498 sextains of cards shipped by

N'as Girod when in New York, in 1797, on board of

the brig Success, Rathbone, master, to the consign-

ment of said Claude F'ois. Girod, as was shown by

the sales-book No. 1, aforesaid, . . ..
The 11th item, amounting in capital to $ 991-38, con.

sists also of the net proceeds of the sale made by

C. F. Girod of 762 sextains of cards, shipped in

1795 by Nicolas Girod, then in New York, for his

account and risks, on board the schooner Active,

Wilcox, master, and consigned to said Claude Frs.

Girod, as appears from the sales-book No. 1, afore-

said,

.

to-i19h item, amounting ih capital to the sum af

229 06
79 12
813 82 899 00 489 63 991 38

JANUARY TERM,, 1846.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

13,901"94, consists of divers lots of merchandises

and, jewelry belonging to N. Girod, which the said

Claude Fran ois Girod. sent into* the provinces of

the interior, and there sold, or caused to be sold.

The accounts of those sales were never settled be-

tween Claude Francois and Nicolas Girod, which

fact is attested by the declaration of Jean Franjois

Girod, and several other witnesses, who testify that

Claude Frs. Girod has constantly avoided to render

said account. The several articles corposing the

present item are enumerated and detailed in the

aforementioned sales-book No. 1, which the arbitra-

tors have ascertained to be in the handwriting of

Guilhempan, . . .$.

.

'131901 94

The 13th item, amounting in capital to $ 6,574-30,

consists of the balance of an account between Nico-

las and Claude F. Girod, adjusted on 1st August,

1813, by Mr. Phillippon, jr., who was authorized

for that purpose by the said Claude F. Girod.

The arbitrators, after examining that account and

the one preceding it, are satisfied that the articles

mentioned in said accounts are foreign to the affairs

which existed between the said Nicola and Claude

Frs. Girod, . . .

.

.

.

6,574 30

$ 34,439 93 Secondly.- The arbitrators have examined and veri-

fied the account of-interests also making part of the

claims of said Nicolas Girod, as follows, viz. --

Interests on $ 1,602, amount of the first item of the

account produced by Nicolas Girod, from Novem-

ber, 1794, to the date, hereof, making, in all, 20

years, at 6 per. cent. per annum,

.$1,922 40

Interests on $ 1,500, amount of the 2d, irem, .from the

year 1794 to the date hereof, that is, 20 years, at 6

per cent. per annum, . .

·

· 1,800 00

Ditto, on $ 6,222"18, amount of the 3d item; the ar-

bitrators have examined the eight parts whereof this

item is composed, and found that the interests cal-
culated on each part amounted to $ 7,087"92,

wherefore they have been of opinion to leave the

item as it was presented,

· . .. 6,657 6i

Ditto, on the $ 186, amount of the 4th item, from

January, 1797, to this day, making 17 years, 10

months, at 6 per cent. per annum, .

I . 199 02

Ditto, on $651"50, amount of the 5th item. The ar-

bitrators have reduced the amount claimed4 ' to v-

VOL. IV.

66

Zi *

a12

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et a).

664"02, to $ 504"91, because the interests ought

to have been calculated only from the 1st of Janu-

ary, 1802, when the 2 bhles of drilling shipped by

Thibaut, were sold ; - this gives 12 years and I1

months, at 0 per cent. per annum, .

. . $504 91

Ditto, on $229"06, amount of the 6th item. The ar-

bitrators have verified the calculation, which they

have found correct,

.

.

Ditto, on $ 379"12, amount of the 7th item. The

233 58

calculation was verified, and found correct, .

382 78

Ditto, on $813"82, amount of the 8th item. The

calculation was verified, and found correct,

. 817 90

Ditto, on $ 899, amount of the 9th item. The cal-

culation was examined, and found correct, . . 876 52

Ditto, on $489"63, amount of the 10th item; after

examination, found correct,

. . 477 75

Interests on $ 991-38, amount of the Ilth item ; ex-

amined, and found correct,

.

966 22'

Ditto, on $ 13,901"94, amount of the 12th item ; ex-

amined, and found correct,

. . . 12,998 30

Ditto, on $ 6,574"30, amount of the "1thand last item

of the account presented 'byNicolas Girod. The

arbitrators, after examining the calculation, found

that it fell short of what it ought to have been, but

as the difference is trifling, and in favor of the heirs,

they left the item as it was presented, .

493 06

Capital and interests due, after examination, .. $62,769 98 The arbitrators next proceeded to verify and examine
the sums with which the said Nicolas Girod has credited the account he has produced, which sums amount, in capital and int6rests, to $22,351"89, and were found correct, .. . . . . 22,351 89

Balance in favor of Nicolas Girod,

.

40,418 09

" So that the balance in favor of Nicolas Girod is reduced to
$40,418"09 instead of $40,579"20, as claimed in his account,
this difference being produced by the reduction made on the interests of the 5th item of said account. The arbitrators, after having examined and heard the declarations of Messrs. Pre. Bousignes, M. Pacaud, Joseph Guillot, and Jean Frangois Girod, wit-
nesses introduced by the parties, and sworn by John S. Lapauze, a justice of the peace, who positively assert that Claude Franrois
Girod has always refused to settle his accounts with his brother, Nicolas Girod; and after a scrupulous, examination of the books, accounts, titles, and other documents which were produced in this

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

5W

Michoud at al. v. Girod et al.

affair, are of opinion that the sum 6f forty thousand fouri hundred

and eighteen dollars and nine cents, claimed by said Nicolas Gi-

rod, is lawfully due to him. In faith whereof, we have signed the

present award, that it may have its legal effect given to it.

"New Orleans, this fourteenth day of the month of December,

eighteen hundred and fourteen.

(Signed,)

F. MEFFRE ROUZAN,

F. PERCY, JUNr."

" On this, the twelfth day of the month of Decemberi 1814, in

the thirty-ninth year of the independence of the United States of

America, before Yue, one of the justices of the peace for the city and parish of New Orleans, personally appeared, as requested by

the parties, Mr. Joseph Guillot, a witness in the case of Nicolas Girod v. Jean Francois Girod, one of the testamentary executors of the late Claude Francois Girod, and Charles Robert Caune, attorney for the absent heirs, who, being duly sworn according to

law, declared and said, that he ha always been a friend of the

Girods, and that some time in the month of July, 1813, the late Claude Franois Girod, being in town, came to deponent's house,

and requested him to call uiion him in his room, saying that he had something to confide to him ; and that having repaired thither, said Claude Francois Girod communicated his intentions of preventing all difficulties after his death, saying that he was desirous to settle with his brother Nicolas, that he had been to church, where he had knelt before the Holy Virgin, beseeching her to assist him in terminating his affairs with his said brother Nicolas ;

deponent, knowing nearly all their affairs, asked him in what man-
ner he intended to settle them ; then the said Claude *Fran~ois Girod toldihim, - Here are my propositions ; I will sell my house
in St. Louis Street for cash to my said brother Nicolas, with a view to settle with him, reserving, for the term of my natural life,

the use of one of the back rooms of said house ; and if there be any balance remaining due to him, he will grant me a delay to pay

the same ; - and he requested deponent to submit those propositions to Nicolas Girod's consideration, which deponent did ; but the said Nicolas Girod. answered him surely, No ; and added, that he requested deponent not to interfere in that affair, saying that he

himself had made proposal§ to Claude Francois Girod, his

brother.

"Deponent further says, that he.knows well that said affairs between Nicolas and Claude Francois Girod were never settled;

and he has signed with us.

Signed,)

JN. FRS. GIROD, Test'y Executor. JOSH. GUILLOT.

N. GIROD.

R. CAUNE, .Attorneyfor absent heirs.

524

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et a]. v. Girod et al.

"9Sworn to and subscribed before me, at New Orleans, this 12th day of December, 1814.
(Signed,) JH. L. LAPANGE, Justice of the Peace."

Order, 15th December, 1814.
"NICHOLAS GIROD,

JE:AN FRAW OlS GIROD, EX.OfC.F. 0
Girod, and C. R. CAUNE, Att'y, &c.
"Upon motion of Alfred Hennen, Esq., counsel for the plaintiff, and upon reading .and filing the report of the arbitrators appointed in this case, it 'is ordered, that the defendants do show cause on Saturday next, the 17th instant, if any they have or can, why the said report should not be homologated, and made the judgment of this court in the premises."

Sheriff's Return on Copy of the above Order.

"Served copy of 'the within order on each of the defendants,

December 15th, 1814.

(Signed,)

J. H. HOLLAND, Deputy Sheriif."

Order and Judgment.

"It is ordered, that the report of the arbitrators be homologat-

ed, and made the judgment of the court in this case, and that the

said defendants do pay to plaintiff, in conformity to the said

award, the sum of forty thousand four hundred and eighteen dol-

lars and nine cents, with costs of suit to be taxed.

",'ew Orleans, May 6th, 1815.

(Signed,)

J. PITOT, Judge."

"I do hereby certify this to be a true copy of all the records,

documents, and proceedings had in this case. Clerk's

[SEAL.] office of the Parish Court, New Orleans, January 10th,

1844.

(Signed,)

ALFRED BODIN, Deputy Clerk."

In the preceding March, Jean Fran ois Girod had brought in an account against the succession, and passed it through a similar process, which resulted in a judgment in his favor for the sum of $8,253"20.
The bill of the complainants in the court below then charged, that nearly all the coheirs, having full faith and confidence in the hon-
esty and integrity of Nicholas and Jean Franois Girod, did intrust them with their powers of attorney, authorizing them to represent _tae interests of such coheirs in the settlement of the succession ; in virtue of which the executors approved the account rendered by thenrelves. And that afterwards, by concealment of facts which they knew to exist, and were bound, as agents, to communicate, the

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

525

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

said executors obtained from some of them an acquittance or transfer of all claims against the succession.
The bill then recited that Nicholas Girod Had died,in possession of all the real estate of Claude Francois Gikod except some parts
which were mentioned as having been sold, all of which property thus remaining with Nicholas Girod the complainants claimed as
the original coheirs of Claude Frangois Girod, and also an account of the rents and profits. All claim against the other executor,
Jean Franois Girod, was released. Amongst the matters introduced in evidence was the following
letter, which is inserted because it is referred to in the opinion of the court; and was sent by Girod at the same time that he obtained from his two sisters the receipts which are mentioned in another part of this statement.

" ew Orleans, 27th May,.-1847. "My sister Quetend - To-morrow, our brother Jean Francois embarks for Havre ; from thence he will proceed home, for the -

purpose of delivering to each one of you what is coming to him from the succession of our late brother, Claude Francois. I assure ybu, that if I had not been anxious to protect the honor of this broth-

er, every thing would have been absorbed in settlement of accounts with me, and by other debts ; besides, whether you have it

now or later, the greater part cannot escape you ; - this is to be understood of those who shall not cease to merit our friendship and

esteem. Beware not to imitate the example of Jacques, who has for ever lost our regard by his iniquities toward our whole family.

Hereafter, when I shall have, in some measure, recovered from my

losses by different bankrupts, I will send you some assistance from time to time. At present J. F. has orders to regulate his conduct

towards you all by your conduct towards him. Farewell.

"I cordially embrace you all.

(Signed,)

"Your brother and friend, N. GIROD.

"I have not time to write to you more at length, having much

to attend to, before the departure of my brother."

The original is indorsed :-

"Recorded in consular book G, page 94.

"Paris, 22d January, 1844.

(Signed,)

LORENZO DRAPEZI [sEAL.]

Consul United States."

Proved and aidmitted in evidence,. April 29th, 1844.

On the 19th of January, 1830, Jean Frangois Girod executed to his brother and co-executor, Nicholas, the following deed.

"On this nineteenth diay of the month of January, of the year

526

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

eighteen hundred and thirty, and of the independence of the United States of America the fifty-fourth, before me, Louis T. Caire, a notary public in and for the parish and city of New Orleans, duly commissioned and sworn, and in the presence of the witnesses hereinafter named and undersigned, personally appeared Mr. Jean Francois Girod, junior, residing at Paris, in the kingdom of France, and now in this city, herein acting for himself and in his own right, of the one part, and Mr. Nicolas Girod, his brother, residing in this city, and herein acting for himself, and in his own right, of the other part, who declared that they own, in common, for a moiety each, several landed properties, and, among others, a sugar-plantation, situated
on Bayou Lafourche, parish of Assumption, in this State, which they have for several years cultivated as partners, the said Nicolas Girod having the exclusive administration of the same, and being clothed with the necessary powers to that effect ; but that from the date hereof the partnership between them is amicably dissolved, by consent of both parties.
"1And the said Jean Franois Girod moreover declared that. sells, abandons, transfers,- and sets over, without any other warranty than that arising of his personal acts and deeds, but with substitutibn and subrogation to all the warranties which have been given to them by their original vendors, unto the said Nicolas Girod, his brother, here present, and accepting purchaser, for himself, his heirs and assigns :-
"1 . The undivided moiety of a sugar-plantation, seven leagues
distant from the River Mississippi, situate on Bayou Lafourche, in the parish of Assumption, as it now is, or may be, together with the undivided moiety of the improvements, slaves, animals, ameliorations, implements of husbandry, and all other 6biects or things what-
ever appertaining thereto. "12. The tlndivided moiety of all the lands belonging to them in
common, and situated on Bayou Lafourche.
3. The undivided moiety of three islands lying atthe mouth of said Bayou, and known as Timballier, Brois, and Caillon islands.
"1The whole of which had been acquired, on joint account, by the said appearers, by purchase from the late Joseph St. Felix, as per
act executed before F. Courvaisier, judge of the aforesaid parish of Assumption, on the eighteenth of February, eighteen hundred and fourteen, the said St. Felix had purchased the same at the
judicial sale of the property belonging to the succession of the late Claude Francois Girod, who in his lifetime had acquired the same by purchase from divers persons ; the said purchaser acknowledging
that he is fully satisfied with the said titles, and declaring that he is well acquainted with the said plantation, lands, animals, slaves, and improvements, which are the subject-matter of this act, and Tequires
nothing further. "But it is well understood and agreed upon, by and between the

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

521

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

parties heret6, that the sugar and molasses now on said plantation and in the sugar-house are not' included in this sale, and that the net produce thereof shall be equally divided between the parties.
"And the said Jean Frangois Girod moreover declared, that he also transfers and abandons, unto the said Nicolas Girod, his brother, all and singular the debts due to said plantation, as also all such sum or sums as now are, or may hereafter be, due to said partnership or community, under what title, and for what reason or reasons soever, hereby giving unto his said brother full power and authority .to sue for and enforce the payment thereof, but without recourse against the transferer.
" The present sale and transfer of debts are made and accepted by the contracting parties for and in consideration of the price and sum of seventeen -thousand dollars, in payment whereof the said purchaser, Nicolas Girod, has presently subscribed to the order of the said Jean Fran~ois Girod, his brother, three promissory notes,
each for a like' sum of twenty-three thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars thirty-three and one-third cents, the first payable on the first of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, the second
on the first of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, and the third on the first of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, with
power and faculty, however, to postpone the payment of said notes, or of parts thereof, from year to year, by paying to the said Jean Fran~ois Girod, or to the holder of the nbtes the payment where-
of shall have been postponed, a yearly interest, at the rate of eight er centum per annum, until final payment; which said notes, after being marked ne varietur by the notary undersigned, to identify them herewith, were handed over to the said Girod, who acknowl-edges the rece pt thereof, and gives full and ample acquittance
for the same. " By means of the foregoing, but provided the aforesaid notes be
paid, the said Jean Franois Girod transfers and abandons unto the said Nicolas Girod all the rights of ownership whatever which he had, has, or may have, in and to the plantation, lands, slaves, animals, implements of husbandry, in a word, in and to all the property which they owned in common, wishing that the said Nicolas
Girod be seize,: of the same, and may enjoy, use, and dispose thereof, as of things to him well and lawfully belonging, from, this
day and for ever. "And the said appearers have furthermore declared, that by act
before G. R Stringer, a notary in this city, bearing date the fifteenth of May, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, Mr. Nicolas
Girod, acting for himself, and in the name and with the consent of his brother, sold to Messrs. Abner Robinson and Benjamin Balb lard a tract of land situated in the parish of Assumption, and belonging to the community aforesaid, for the price of fifteen thousand' dollats, five thousand whereof were paid cssh, and converted to

528

S11PREME COURT.

Micioud et al. v. Girod et al:

the use of said sugar-plantation and other -property ; that the t n thousand dollars payable at one, two, and three'years from the date

of the act aforesaid belong to them for a moiety each, but that the said Jean Francois Girod assigns to' Nicolgs-Girod his share of five thousand dollars in said debt, on condition that the latter shall

credit his running account with a sum of twenty-five hundred dollars,-as for money had and received, and without recourse to the assignor, who moreover transfers to said-Nicolas Girod, without exception or reservation any, all the rights, actions, privileges, and mortgages accessory to the aforesaid debt of five thousand dollars, being the transferer's share in the price of the sale aforesaid.
"And the notary undersigned having made known to the parties hereto article 3,328 of the new civil code of Louisiana, which reads as follow : -- Every notary who shall pass an act of .sale, mortgage, or donation, of an immovable or slave, shall be bound to ob-

tain from the office of mortgages of the place where the immovable is situated, or where the seller, debtor, or donor has his

domicile, if it be of a slave, a certificate declaring the privileges or mortgages, which may bd inscribed on the object of the contract, and to mention them in his act, under penalty of damages towards

the party who, may suff r by his neglect in that respect,' they, the said parties, declared, that, as tenants in common, they are fully aware of the state of things in relation to the immovables and slaves, object of this sale, and that they do hereby, jointly and separately, relieve and free the notary undersigned from all liability 9n that

subject. "Done and passed in my office, at New Orleans, the day, month,

and year first above written, in the presence of Messrs. Charles Darcantel and Jose Antonio Bermudez, witnesses hereto required, and domiciled in this city, who have signed with the said appearers

and me, notary, after reading hereof.

(Signed,)

JN. FS. GIROD.

N. GIROD.
CHARLES DARCANTEL. J. ANTONIO BERMUDEZ. LOUIS T. CAIRE, .Notary Public."

About the Ist of September, 1840, Nicholas Girod died, in

Niw Orleans, leaving the following will :-

"Will of JNicolas Girod. - Filed 30th January, 1841.

"XNe varietur. New Orleans, 30th January, 1841.

(Signed,)

J. BERMUDEZ, Judge.

A due bill to the Mayor of New Orleans, for the sum of $ 10G,000"00, to be employed in the construction of a building called by the name of IN.- Girod,' in the parish of Orleans, to receive

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

5M9

Michoud et al. e. Girod et al.

and come to the relief of the French orphans in-

habiting the State of Louisiana, . . . $ 100,000 00 A due bill to the troasurer of the Charity Hospital, $ 30,000 00

A due bill to the president of the Catholic Asylum, 30,000 00

No. 4. A due bill to Mrs. Bouvard, born Poide-

5.

Sbard Do.

Mr. VololiferBoProdiedaeubxa,rd, a.t 100,000 00

Chamberry, . . . 30,000 00

6.

Do.

Mr. Joseph Girod, . . 100,000 00

7.

Do.

Mr. G. Montamat,

. 50,000 00

8.

Do.

Mr. A. Michoud, . . 50,000 00

9.

Do.

Mr. F. Grima, . . . 30,000 00

10.

Do.

Mr. Dejan, senior, . . 20,000 00

11.

Do.

Mr. D. Prieur,

.

40,000 00

12.

Do.

Mr. Chs. Claiborne,.

15,000 00

13.

Do.

Mr. M'ville Marigny,

. 15,000 00

14.

Do.

Mrs. Widow Sabatier,

20,000.00

15.

Do.

Mr. A. Fournier, .

20,000 00

16.

Do.

Mr. E. Rivolet,

. . 20,000 00

17.

Do.

Mr. E. Mazureau, . . 20,000 00

18.

Do.

Mr. C. Gurlie,.

.

20,000 00

$710,000 00

"I certify that the eighteen due bills, above mentioned, are, and

constitute, my sole and last will.

"New Orleans, the 23d of December, 1837.

(Signed,)

N. GIROD."

The following is a specimen of one of these due bils -

"Good for the sum of fifty thousand dollars, payable to Mr. A.

Michoud, at the settlement of my estate.

"$ 50,000. No. 8.

(Signed,)

N. GIROD."

All these legatees were made defendants to the bill.

In the course of the suit an injunction was issued against Antoine

Michoud, the executor of Nicholas Girod, to prevent him from

making any payment or distribution of tbhfunds received or to be

received.

The defendants all answered; the principal answer being that of

the legatees. They denied that Claude Francois Girod enumer-

ated in his will and codicil all the debts due by him, but averted

that he owed other and much larger debts ; insited that the author-

ization granted to the executors by the will, for the sale of the

property, was legal ; that no law of Louisiana, then existing, con-

tained a provision by which a judge ex officio auctioneer was

rendered inmcmpetent, any more than any other auctioneer in the

State, to sell any property whatsoever, situated within or without.

the limits of his jurisdiction; averred thati as no complaint was

VOL. Iv.

67

9s

530

SUPXR9ElE C*OVTJT.

Michoud et al. v. Giro'd et i.

made of the price of the property so sold by the.judge; the circumstance that a portion of the property was beyond his jurisdicion was of no consequence, and the price thereof must be regarded
as fair, and the sale as having been duly made ; admitted the sales of property to St. Felix and Laignel, but denied that any retrocession of the property to the executors ever took place, inasmuch as no retrocession could take place between the parties, unless the
executors had been previously the sole and exclusive owners of the property ; denied that any fraud or breach of trust was committed by the executors.
The respondents, in their answer, also admitted that the executors bad placed themselves as creditors, in their account of the succession, but averred that they had a right lawfully and justly to do so ; that Nicholas Girod'was creditor by virtue of a final judgment of a competent tribunal, namely, the Parish Court of the Parish
and City of New Orleans, rendered on the 6th of May, 1816 ; they further aver, that. this judgment has, for upwards of twenty-six years past, acquired the force of res adjudicata, and cannot be disturbed; -that the account presented by the executors was duly
homologated by the Court of Probates,'and that judgment of homologation has- also acquired the force of res adjudicata. The respondents also deny that the executors, in placing themselves as creditors of the succession in their account, and in ratifying that account under the power of attorney intrusted to them by their
coheirs, abused the trust and betrayed .the interest confided to them for their own advantage, and to the wrong and injury of their
constituents. The respondents further denied, that Nicholas Girod, by means
of false and fraudulent representations, or concealment, had induced the complainants to sign acquittances; averred that they were signed freely, after being well informed of all the circumstances; that Hyppolite Pargoud, the son of Madame Pargoud, had been in New
Orleans, &c., &c. The respondents inserted in- their answer a number of family
letters, from which they inferred that Nicholas Girod was a charitable man, and had -constantly been the supporter of his distant
relations, and concluded by pleading prescription.
To these answers there was a general replication.
In the progress of the suit the following admissions -were filed by
the respective parties :-

Aidmissions of Plaintiffs.
"PARGOUD V. MICHOUD. "1. Jean Francois Girod, senior, died, leaving a will in favor of
Jean Franqois Girod, junior, of Paris, and the share of the- complainants, M'mes Pargoud and Adam, in the estate of Claude Francois Girod remained as it previously was, to wit, one eighth.

JANUARY TERiM, 1846.

.M

Michoud et al. v. Girpd et al.

"2. The complainants will contest no portions of the account

rendered by the testamentary executors of C. F. Girod to the Court of Probates in 1817, except the individual claims of the said two executors, and the judgments bbtained on them. - -
" 3. The heirs of Claude Francois Girod, with the exception'of

Nicolas GOrd and Jean Francois Girod, junior, resided ,in Europe. "14. All the legatees of Claude Fran~ois Girod resided in Europe,

except the Parish Church of Assumption, Frangoise 'Kiltz, Fran-

,oie, the daughter of Rosette Celan) the wife of Mellion, 'and Ptauline and Dominick, who resided in-Louisiana.
" 5. The lots of which Nicolas Girod- has made a-donation'tothe Poydras Asylum were worth, at the time of said donaffdn,

35,000, or thereabouts.

" 6. Nicolas Girod alwaysresided in Louisiana, and never went to Europe after his settlement in this city under the Spanish govern.-

ment..

"7. Althe letters mentioned in the printed answer, from pp. 27

-to 38 inclusive, are admitted to be genuine, and the translations of'

parts thereof, "cihnplainants

in said

answer,

are'admitted

to

be

correct

;

but

the

willrequire complete translations of them to be pre-

pared, and they reserve the right of objecting, to their admissibility on other grounds, if any they have.

"8. Hyppolite Pargoud was brought to Louisiana by his uncle, Jean Francois Girod, junior, and has resided with him in Ouachita up to the year 1821, when said uncle went to Paris.

"9. The residence of M'me Adam, of n'me Quetand, and of Jacqueline Poidebard, the wife of Joseph Rivolet, was at Th6nes,

inSavoy.

"10. Th6 age of Jeaif Franois Girod, junior, now residing at

Paris, is seventy-two. He is unmarried. Has no other heirs at law except the complainants, and some relatives of the same degree, or their legal representatives. He is on good terms with the complainant, and he aAd Hyppolite Pargoud, the attorney in fact of the complainants, are intimate friends, and Antoine Michoud is his at-

torney in fact. "11. The two acquittances of M'mes Pargoud and Adam, men-

tioned in the answer, and-since deposited in court, are admitted to be genuine, and the said complainants were, in executing them,

authorized and assisted by their husbands. "112. Hippolyte Pargoud is a man of good business habits, atten-
tive and intelligent. He visited his family in 1827 and 1835, but at each visit stayed but a very short time with them. In 1837, he obtained a power of attorney from his mother, authorizing -him to claim and recover her share in the estate of Claude Franois Girod. It was shown to Antoine Michoud, to be by him attested or legalized, as Sardinian consul, but it was not made use of. Hyppolite Pargoud demanded and obtained another, which was executed be-

332

JSUPRRME COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et a].

fore a.notarypublic on the 18th of May, 1840. From the timehe received the first power, he made no secret of his intention of bringirg a suit against his uncle Nicolas, and after receiving the

second power, when making the inventory at Lafourche, where he was present, he said, that if there had been a will or testament

made by his said uncle, he would have sued his succession in the

name of his mother. "113. The letters which have heepi heretofore deposited by the
defendants in the hands of the clerk of the court are genuine, and all signed by the parties in whose names they are written. But the complainants reserve all other objections to their admissibility, and if they are admitted in evidence, they must be translated.

"114. The will of Nicolas Girod was not known when the said inventory was made at Lafourche; it was discovered to exist some

time thereafter.
" 15. By the laws of the Duchy of Savoy, Hyppolite Pargoud is a forced heir of his mother, Peronne Bernardme Pargoud, one

of the complainants. " 16. Nicolas Girod was the eldest of the family. He was
years old when he died. "17. In November, 1833, Nicolas Girod made a present to

PT'lippine Poidebard, his niece (widow Nicoud), of the sum of

8,240 francs, equal to $ 648 ; and in March, 1834, he made her
another present of 22,000 francs, equal to $ 4,400, both which

presents she received.

(Signed,)

J. P. BENJAMIN, for complainants."

And on the 29th of April, 1844, the following admissions of

defendants were filed.

Admissions of Defendants.

" PARGOUD V. MICHOUJD.
" 1. Denise Philippine Poidebard, the widow of Pierre Nicoud, died in August, 1841, leaving three legitimate children, viz. Benoite Colline Nicoud,, Maurice Emilie Nicoud, and Jeannie Benoite Nicoud, die last of whom is a minor; Jean Berger is her
tutor. All these parties, as well as Louis Joseph Poidebard, never were in the United States.
"2. The allegations in the answer of Jean Firman Pepin, as syndic of Jean Fran.ois Cirod, jr., concerning the transmission 6f the latter's interest in the subject-matter of this suit, are correct, viz.: that Pierre Nicolas Girod died at New Orleans, on the 1st of September, 1841, leaving a testament, by act, before Joseph
Cuvillier, notary public, of the 6th of February, 1841, by which he bequeathed all his property to the said Jean Francois Girod, jr., his brother ; the said Jean Franois Girod, jr., made a cession of property in the District Court of the First Judicial District, on the
k5th of January, 1842 4 that thereby the interest of both Pierre

JANUARY.TERM, 1846.

533

MicnoUd ot aL v. Girod et al.

Nicolas and Jean Frangois Girod. jr., is vested in the creditors of

the said Jean Fraqois Girod, jr., and that said Jean Firman Pe-

pin is the syndic of the said creditors.

"13. All the property described in the inventory of the estate of

Nicolas Girod, as being situated in the second munibipality, is de-

rived from the estate of Claude Francois Girod. Nicolas Girod never improved.this property, but leased it to John F. Miller, by two acts passed before L. T. Caire, notary public, on the 9th of

May, 1829, and the 30th of April, 1831 ;, each of these leases is
for the space of twenty years, and for an annual rent of $ 3,000.
"f4. The age of Jean Baptiste Dejan, ain6, is sixty-seven years,

and that of Claude Gurlie, seventy-two years. The former is a na-

tive of New Orleans, the latter has resided in New Orleans forty-

eight years, and whs intimate with Nicolas G-irod as early as 1814.

",5. Nicolas Girod never cultivated oi occupied any of the lands

mentioned in the bill as situated on Bayou Lafourcho, except the

plantation, but made levees on those lands.

" 6. The Bouvard family resided, in 1813, and has ever since

been residing, at or near Bordeaux, in France. "7. The age of Etienne Rivolet, one of the legatees of N. Gi-

rod, is forty years. He is not related to the Girod family, except

by his brother, who married Jaqueline Poidebard, one of the

nieces of Claude Francois Girod, the testator, and who is there-

fore his sisteir-in-law.

(Signed,)

MIAZUREAU, for defendants."

And on the 29th of April, the following was offered in evidence and filed.

" UNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURT.

"WIDOW
ANTOINE 9

PARGOUD AND OTHERS

v*

In Chancery.

MIC'HOUD AND OTHERS.

dmissions and Atgreements between the Parties.

"91. Admitted that one Joseph Gaubuan, and ont: Corrino, witnesses on the part o" the defendants, would, on being examined
upon their oaths, declare; that it was to theperfect previous knowledge, andwith the consent and authorization of Jean Francois Gi-
rod, jr., one of the testamentary executors of Claude Franois Girdd, that Simon Laignel did bid and become the pnrchaser, at the public sale made by the register of wills, in the city of New Orleans, of the faubourg and city property belonging to said Claude Franois Girod, after his death ; and further, that it was also to th. perfect knowledge, and with the consent and authorization, of said Jean Francois Girod, that afterwards the said Simon Laignel sold the same property to- Nicolas Girod, the co-testamentary executor
of said Jean Francois.

$84

SUPREME tPOURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

1"2. All objections are waived,. which migit-ave been made in

cousequence of the answers of tne defendants, to whom interrog-

atories have been administered and propounded, being sworn to

before Justice Jackson ; and it is agreed that the said answers, so

sworn to, shall have the same force and effect as if they had been

iwora to before the proper officer.

(Signed,)

L. JANIN.

"N'bw Orleans, 29th .Qpril, 1844."

On the 29th of July, 1844, the court made a decree, of which he following is a copy.
",This cause came on to be heard this term, and was argued
by counsel,; and thereupon, upon consideration thereof, it is ordered, adjudged,.and decreed as follows:- That the plaintiffs are the residuary legatees of Claude Fran ois Girod, deceased, in the following'proportion, viz. Peronne Bernardine Girod, the widow of Jean Pierre Hector Pargoud, for one eighth; Rosalie Girod, the widow of Louis Adam, for one eighth; Franjoise Peronne Quitand, the wife of J. A. Allard, for one forty-eighth ; -Marie
Philippine Rose Qditand, for. one forty-eighth ; Marie Bernard Quitand, for one forty-eighth; Louis Joseph Poidebard, for one forty-eighth ; Benoite Colline Nicoud, for two two-hundred-andeighty-eighths ; Maurice Emilie Nicoud, and Jenny Benoite Nicoud, represented by Jean Berger, their tutor, each for two twohundred-and-eighty-eighths ; Jean Francois Girod, the nephew, in his own right, and as testamentary heir of Pierre Nicolas Girod, his brother, and repesented by Jean Firman Pepin, the syndic of his creditors, for one twentieth; and Franoise Clementine Girod, wife of Pierre Franooi Pernond,.for one fortieth.-
"That the adjuaication of landed property, with the slaves thereto attached, situated on Bayou Lafourche, made on the 18th of February, 1814, to Charles St. Felix ; the retrocession of said property by said Charles St. Felix to Nicolas and Jean Frangois Girod, on the 23d of Febrnary 1814 ; the adjudication of the
property situated in the parish of Orleans, made to Simon Laignel on ihe 9th of April, 1814, and the notarial seal made to the same on the 26th of April, 1814, in pursuance of said adjudication ; and the conveyance of said property to Nicolas Girod, of the 28th of April, 1814, be set aside and annulled, saving, however, the just rights of third persons, to whom two tracts of land on Bayou t1afourche, two slaves, and a piece.-of ground in the city of New Orleans were conveyed by the said Nicolas Girod in his lifetime, as appears from the admissions in the pleadings.
"That the dative testamentary executors of the late Nicolas Girod do execute to the plaintiffs, or to their legal representatives, good and valid notarial conveyances and assignments of such undivided portions of the aforesaid property as correspond to the pro-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

80

Michoud et al. r. Giroil et al;

portions in which they are residuary legatees of the late Claude xran ois Girod, as herein before declared ; which conveyances and assignments are to be settled-by Duncan N. Hennen, as master in chancery of this court, in the event of a difference between the parties in relation thereto.
"And for greazer certainty, it is hereby declared, that the property, of which undivided portions are to be conveyed and assigned to the plaintiffs as aforesaid, is all the property and slaves which were inventoried in the parishes of Ascension, Assumptibn, and Lafourche Interior, after the death of said Nicolas Girod, as b6 longing to his estate; and all the property which was inventoried, after the death of said Nicolas Girod* as situated in the Municipality No. 2 of the city of New Orleans, including the property whieh
is an alluvion, and accessory to the property derived from the estates of Claude Frangois Girod, was abandoned to Nicolas Girod by the heirs of Bertrand Gravier, by an act of compromise executed on the 29th day of March, 1823, and also the house and lot situated at the comer of St. Louis and Chartres Streets, in Munici"-
pality No. 1 of thd city of New Orleans. " That the account filed by Nicolas Girod and Jean Franqois
Girod, in the Court of Probates of the Parish of Orleans, in May,
'1817, be opened and set aside; that the sum of $ 40,418"09i claimed by Nielas Girod in said account, and the sum of $ 8,253"20,
claimed by Jean Franpois Girod for himself in said account, be disallowed and rejected; that the. two judgments which were obtained in the Parish Court of the Parish of Orleans, in the year
1815, for the aforesaid two sums of$ 40,418"09, and $ 8,253"20,
be declared satisfied, and that no allowance be made to the defend-
ants on account of said judgment .
" That the two acquittances and releases given, in 1817, by the plaintiffs, Madame Adam and Madame Pargoud, to Jean Francois
Girod, be set aside, and be allowed no other force or effect than as acknowledgments of the, receipt by Madame Pargoud for 5,242-75 francs, and by Madame Adam for the sum of 10,242 francs 75c., making respectively the sum of $975"15 and
$ 1,905-15 in the currency of the United States, as stated in said
receipt.
" And it is ordered, that a reference be made to the said master in chancery, to take an account of what is due from the estate of Nicolas Girod to the plaintiffs on account of the property belonging to the estate of Claude Francois Girod and alienated by said
Nicolas Girod, for rents and profits, and for interest; and of what may be due by the complainants to the estate of Nicolas Girod,
for payments made by the said Nicolas on account of the debts of the said Claude Francois Girod, and of the legacies made by him, and of permanent improvements ; afid in taking said account, said master shall charge the said estate with the value of the crop

538

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

alleged to have been on hand when the property in Lafourche was adjudicated to Charles St. Felix, with interest thereon ; with the amounts which, by the aforesaid account of 1817, the said executors acknowledged to have received, or for which they consented to become responsible, from the time the same were received; with the price at which the two tracts of land on Bayou Lafourche and the two slaves were sold, and which are mentioned in the pleadings as ,having heretofore been sold, with interest thereon, from the time when, according to the bill of sale, said price was payable ;
with the sum of thirty-five thousand dollars, this being the admitted value of the price of the ground donated by Nicolas Girod to the Female Orphan Asylum, with interest thereon from the time said
donation was made ; with the rents and profits of the plantation and slaves, the house at the corner of Chartres'and St. Louis Streets, and the property in Faubourg St. Mary:, now called the Second Municipality, from the ,jdjudication of 1814, and at the rate which might reasonably, and with a proper administration, have been obtained for the same, it being understood that from the years 1819 and 1830, when the property in Faubourg St. Mary, or Second Municipality, still undisposed of, was lased to John F. Miller, the
rents and profits thereon are to be charged at the rate at which the rent was stipulated in the lease to said Miller.
"And the said master shall credit the estate of Nicolas Girod in said account -with the amount with which said executors credited
themselves in their account of 1817, with interest thereon, except
their aforesaid two personal claims of $ 40,418"09, and $ 8,25320;
with any payments that have been made on account of legacies left
by-the said Claude Fran~ois Cirod, with interest thereon; and also with one half of tfie rents and profits of the plantation and slaves-of Bayou Lafourche, up to the time when Jean Trangois Girod sold his interest in the same to Nicolas Girod, the plaintiffs
having in their bill consented to ,abandon the half of these rents and profits supposed'to have been received by the said Jean Frangois
Girod ; and also with the actual cost in money to Nicolas Girod, but without interest, of the permanent improvements made by said Nicolas Girod, and still in existence, on the lot at the comer of St. Louis and Chartres Streets, and on the lahds on Bayou Lafourche, deducting therefrom the value of the labor of the slaves of the said plantation,. and of the materials procured from the same, and making, also, proper deductions for the diminution in value of said improvements by wear and tear ; and all the interest to be charged
in said account shall be so charged at the rate of five per cent. " And the said master shall compute what amount of the balance
so to be found against the estate of Nicolas Girod shall be paid to
each of the plaintiffs, according to their declared proportionate interest in the estate of Claude Franois Girod, and said balance
shall be paid to them, with interest, from the date up to which the

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

587

Hichond et al..v. Giro'd et al.

master's report may present a calculation of interest, unless, on i.

plication of the parties, the court shall otherwise direct ; and said

payment shall be made by the dative testamentary executors of

Nicolas Girod, out of the funds of said.estate, in preference to any

legacies. And for the better discovery of matters aforesaid, the

parties are to produce before the said master, upon oath, all books,

papers, and. writings, in their custody or power, relating thereto, as

the said master shall direct. And the said master shall, when

necessary, examine said parties upon written interrogatories.

" And it is further ordered, that the said dative testamentary ex-

ecutors pay out of the funds of said estate the costs of this suit

which have hitherto accrued. And it is further ordered, that either

party, if so advised, be at liberty to apply to the court for a par-

tition in kind, or by sale of the above-mentioned real estate of

Nicolas Girod. And all further directions are ieserved until the

master shall bring in hi report.

"Decree signed, July 30th, 1844.

(Signed,)

THEO. H. McCALEB, [SEAL.]

United States Judge."

From this decree, the defendants appealed to this court.

The cause was argued by Mr. Eutis, for the appellants, and JMr. Janin, for the appellees.

The following is a synopsis of the argument of M1 r. Eustis for the appellants.

The facts necessary to an understanding of this case are few and

not complicated ; most of them are admitted in the answer, and

others are established by documentary evidence.

The action is founded on an alleg I purchase of the effects of

the s'uecession of Claude Girod by his'executors.

Claude Girod died in 1813, leaving a will made in 1812.

The sales ;omplained of took place in 1814.

The commencement of the adverse possession, .and the 'uninter-

rupted, exclusive, and notorious enjoyment of the revenues of the

,estates being fixed by the complainants' own bill, we proceed at

once to the matters of defence which those facts present, and

which are set forth formally in the answer.

1. The first grouhd of defence is the entire want of equity in

the complainants' case, arising from the silence, acquiescence, and

laches of the complainants since 1814.

The principles on which courts of equity refuse their assistance

to parties under circumstances like the present are familiar to the

court. The most recent cases are the following: - McKnight v.

Taylor, 1.Howard, 168-; Bowman v. Walthen, I Howard, 193;

Smith v. Clay, 3 Brown's Ch. R. 640, n. ; Stearns v. Page, 1 Sto-

ry, 215 ; Giles v. Baremore, 5 Johns. Ch. R. 550 ; Piatt r. Vat-

VOL. IV

68

WSUPREME

COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girtd et al.

tier, 9 Peters's R. 417 ; Story's Equity, §§ 1519, 1520, ef 8eq.; Fonblanque's Equity (last edition), notes to, Book 1, c. 4, § 27.
2. The, allegations and evidence adduced by the complainants are no. reasonably definite as to the time, occasion, and circumstances of the alleged concealment, misrepresentation, and frauds; nor is any account given of the time of the discovery. Of the fact of the adverse possession, it is not even alleged in terms that the plaintiffs were ignorant ; the allegation of ignorance of the real situation, &c., is not sufficient for a court of equity to base its action upon. Stearns v. Page, 1 Story's R. 215.
The -allegations of ignorance, concealment, &c., are expressly denied and put at issue by defendants.
By the testimony of J. F. Girod, J. M. Girod, Michoud, and Rivolet, receipts2 &c., the fact of knowledge is put beyond a rea-
sonable doubt. 3. The allegations of the complainants in their amended bill
afford strong evidence -that the relief sought by them will not be a
matter of equity, but a speculation upon events. The will of the testator, Nicholas Girod, and the large amount
of legacies, was the cause of the suit, not the injustice and wrongs
of 1814. The release of the co-executor, J. F. Girod, and their conduct
towards him, point to the same conclusion. He is rich and alive.
The chances of inheritance offer a greater benefit than the result of litigation. They acquiesce, discharge him, and await his boun-
ty N. Girod is dead, and all their vials of wrath are opened upon .his grave.
4. The defendants rely upon prescription as a defence.
There is a marked difference between piescriptions and statutes of limitation. The former. create rights ; the latter merely reach remedies,,and in a very qualified and artificial manner.
Prescription is a manner of acquiring property and of discharging debts by the effect of time. It is a title as much so as that of inheritance or sale is. All are on the same footing, and a court can no more interfere with rights under the one than under the others. Louisiana Code, 3421 ; Code of 1809, p. 482, art. 32.
By the civil law, prescription is a mode of extinguishing obligations, and is classed withpayment, novation, 4c. The obligation itself is extinguished in foro conscientim, as well as in foro legis. Louisiana Code, art. 2126 ; Code of'1809, p. 286, art. 134 ; Troplong on Prescription. c. 1, §§ 2, 31 ; Code Napoleon, 1234, 2219 ; Institutes of the C-vil Law of Spain, p. 103, lib. 29,tit. 2, p. 108.
Under the civil law, from motives of public policy, great weight
in matters of property is given to possession. The oldest legal maxims of which we have record establish the, principles, which
modern nations, so far from deviating from, have rather restricted.

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

539

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

The policy has stood the test of experience and of time. Possession is at once the object, the attribute, and the proof of prop-
erty ; henceit forms the basis of a title, that of prescription.
Nicholas Girod purchased and possessed the estates mentioned in the bill since 1814.
He acquired to their a complete title, by prescription, under the laws of Louisiana. His acts of conveyance were public -and authentic, and duly recorded in the proper offices. There are several articles of the Code providing prescriptions; which cover this case. Article 2218, and 204, p. 302, of the Code of 1809, provide, that in all cases in which the action of nullity or of rescission of an agreement is not limited to a shorter period by a particular law, that action may be brought within ten years. In
cases of error or deception,'the time of the prescription dates from the day on which either was discovered. In this case, there was no secrecy or concealment, and there could be no discovery, in relation to the fact of the sales to N. Girod. The property. was not
kept concealed under the name of a third person, but in his own, and placed on the public records as belonging to him. The ad-
verse possession alone was full notice to the complainants. It was sufficient to put them on the inquiry, and they had all the means of
information to lead them to a knowledge of the facts, and in law are deemed consonant of them. Sugden on Vendors, 542 ; 1 Atkyns, 489 ; 1 Johns. Ch. R. 267; 2 Binney, 466 ; 1"5 Johns. R. 555; Wilhison v. Watkins, 3kPeters, 52; 10 Peters, 222, 223;
1 Howard, 196 ; see also the opinion of Pothier on prescription, as affecting absentees, Treatise on Obligations, No. .649 ; Institutes of the Civil Law of Spain, lib. 2, tit. 2, p. 108.
The only fraud in relation to the sales which can be pretended is, that the executors purchased at.the public sales. This fact, if it was so, is as apparent when the titles were put in their names as
it is now. But, if the only fraud in the sales arises from the incapacity of
the partyto purchase, the prescription of he article 3507 applies
with great force. That provides that the action of nullity or re-
scission of contracts, testaments, or other acts for-the rescissions of partitions, &c., is prescribed by five years against persons living
in the State, and ten years against absentees. Is not the agreement between J.F. Girod and.Me. Pargoud, of
November 10, 1817, a contract, - an act ? Is it not, under,the
decisions of our courts, a partition ? It is stated in the instrument, that it is for her share'in the succession reduced into movable effects, mobilise, turned into money. "Whatever may be the form of the act, it is well settled that every first settlement between heirs or partners, by which a state of indivision is terminated, is in sub-
stance a partition," say the Supreme Court. And an hetion to set aside, on the ground of lesion and fraudi an agreement by which

540

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

six slaves were given in consideration of a relinquishment on the
part of an heir of all her right and interest in the succession of her mother, in favor of her father-in-law, was held to be barred by the
prescription of five years under this article 3507. See 3 Robinson's A. 317 ; 14 Louisiana R. 22; 15 ibid. 517; 16 ibid. 252; Tippet and husband v. Jett. Here the court hold that even fraud is prescribed against under this article, without any reference as to the time of the discovery of it.
The prescription of actions for lesion, in contracts generally, is only four years. Code, 1870. . There is. another prescription which protects the defendants, - that of twenty years under a just title ;, that is, a title by which property can be transferred. Lou-
isiana Code, 3442 ; Code of 1809, p. 488, arts. 60-72. After the 10th of November, 1817, the date of the receipt of the
funds of the succession, in which it is stated that the property is mobiliee, - converted into money, - there was nothing to impugn
the justice of the title to the property sold, which could not be affected by any misappropriation of the purchase money. This would constitute a claim, and give rise to a personal action, which would not affect the title to the property, which must rest on tbe state of things in 1814. The heirs in Europe must be considered
as being satisfied with the price the property sold for, and constituted themselves creditors for their respective shares. The com-
plaint that they have been wronged out of the proceeds presupposes that the sales were made ; and though it may or not be true that they have been hardly dealt with, as the complainants allege, it by no means follows that the property was, in 1814, sold
or purchased in bad faith. In matters of prescription by possession, good faith is presumed ; bad faith, in a possession, must be proved. Art. 3447. On the form of the title, see Toullier, 8 vol., No. 508, 509, art. 3,453, et seq. ; Merlin, Questions de Droit, verbo .ineur.
There is a statute on this subject which clearly points out the
policy of the law, which is decidedly against stale claims, and reduces the prescription in previous sales to administrators, execu-
tors, &c. to two years from its passage, and recognizes their right to purchase in all cases in which they have an interest in the property sold, as heirs, legatees, or partners. This law is very important in the consideration of this case. Laws of Louisiana of
1840, p. 123, No. 112, .passed on the 28th of March, 1840. 5. The angwer contains an argument on the facts. The letters
offered by defendants are found at pp. 200-215; the answers un-
der oath from pp. 91 - 101. The most important deposition, that of the co-executor, J. F. Girod, taken in Paris, at p. 139. It
was offered in evidence by the complainants.
The complainants call upon the defendants to explain all the affairs of'this succession, which was opened in 181. The de-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

541

Michoud at al. v. Girod et-al.

fendants are all strangers to them. They are the dative executors, appointed by the Court of Probates, and not by the will of the tes-

tator and legatees. Vide the will.

Why did they not call upon him who alone could give them in-

formation,- upon N. Girod, in his lifetime ? But they called upon J. F. Girod, the co-executor of Claude
Girod, and the alleged confederate in these marvellous frauds.

Let his deposition speak. Doeg he say the sales"were fraudulent, or that his coheirs were wronged ? It is decisive of the case.

One sentence alone closes it :"Then (1817) it was that N. Girod, who had settled the es-
tate, handed mea copy of the account rendered to the Court of

Probates, and a copy of C. F. Girod's testament, and it was on the faith of these documents) presented to the heirs in Europe,

that I paid to each of them and to the legatees what accrued to

them."

J. F. Girod was sent to Europe by his brother to pay the heirs who resided in Savoy. The act in the bill of complaint, signed

by Me. Pargoud, was- made at Annecy, in -Savoy. He met his brother, the priest, in Paris. He refused to examine the accounts

in Paris. Vide his letter. The account on which the heirs were

paid by''J. F. Girod is found at length at pp. 125 - 128 ; the will of Claude Girod, pp. 163, 164. In the account are stated the
amounts due 1N. Girod and J. F. Girod, namely, of $ 40,413-09, and of $ 8,253"20. These items are charged as paid, and the
succession is credited with the proceeds of the property sold.

The account is a settlement of the. affairs of the succession, on

which the payment was made in Savoy, in 1817.

A strict examination of the evidence must result in the conviction of an entire want of evidence io establish any thing like fraud

on the part of N. Girod.

There are some matters of law which it may be well to consider

under this head. a. By the will the executors were empowered to sell, without

the intervention of justice, as to them should seem best for the in-

terest of the absent.

b. The executors were bodnd to cause the property to be sold.

Code of 1809, p. 246, arts. 173, 174 ; p. 174, art. 128.

c. The heirs present had a right to insist on a sale for cash. ibid., p. 174, art. 129.

d. The law requires the estate to be settled within the year, where it can be done. The possession of the executor does not

continue after a year and a day. Ibid., p. 244, arts. 166, 169, 173, et al. ; 4 Martin's R. 340, 609 ; Norwood's case, 10 ibid. 723.

e. After a considerable lapse of time, the presumption omnia. rite acta esse applies ; besides, by the law of 1834, (p. 123 of pamphlet acts), all informalities growin& out of a public sale by a

VOL. IV.

'IT

542

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

parish judge, or other public officer, are prescribed by the lapse
of five years. 2 Robinson, 377 ; 16 Louisiana Rep. 554. f. But the executors did not sell ; the- judge sold at public auc-
tion, and in the most public, fair, and formal manner.
Code of 1809, pp. 174, 127- 129. The judge sells, not the executor or curator. "The sale was complete without any act of
the executors. 3 Martin, 592. g. No decree of the court was necessary to authorize the sale.
If there was, one must be presumed after this lapse of time ; for the judge himself sold. But none was necessary. Commentary of Gregolio Lopez on Law, 62, tit. 18, part. 3, which treats of sales made by executors, and only requires them to be made at
auction. 6. The decisions of the Supreme Court went.far beyond the
law in establishing incapacities to purchase at judicial sales under the old laws ; the legislative interpretatioki of 1840, before cited, puts this fact beyond question. In interpreting the Spanish laws, the decisions of the Supreme Court of Louisiana are very unsafe guides, as. every one knows who has scrutinized them.
It is a great mistake to suppose that purchases made by an executor, at a public sale made by a judge of the property of a succession, are absolutely nill and void. The inhibition is, at best, a matter of precaution, to prevent abuse, and is established in the interest of the heirs, and for their benefit exclusively. The authorities cited by the complainants pfove this beyond question. .13
Louisiana R. 396. This they may renounce or enforce, after a reasonable tune, according to their own peculiar views. Louisiana
Code, art. 11 ; 7 Toullier, 562, et seq., 665, c! seq. ; Sugden on Vendors (ed. of 1834), 436. In all cases where a purchase is made by a trustee, it is optional with the cestui que trust to set it aside. Story's Equity, §§ 322, 308. The cestui que trust has a right to set aside the prchase, and have the estatb resold, if he choose, within any reasonable time, to dissent from the purchase. 5 Vesey, 678 ; 13 Vesey, 600.
The purchase by a curator or trustee is nalum prohibitum, and not malum in. se.. 8 Toullier, § 517, p. 713 ; 2 Sugden on Vendors (edition of 1836),. 143 ; notes to page 125, No. 329.
In Randall v. Ermington (1-0 Vesey, 428), the fact of the purchase was not clear, the possession of Ermihgton was equivocal ; but, in all cases where there is a continued public adverse possession, the party dissenting must apply within a reasonable time for relief; he must not lie by and speculate on events. 5 Vesey, 678 and 680;
Newland on Contracts.
The court cannot permit the parties in this case to speculate on
the chances of war. The appraisement, the basis of the mortuary oceedings, is not impugned, nor is the adequacy of the price. he complainants were satisfied with it, even in 1817. They have

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

54

Mich oud et a]. v. Girod et al.

waited until the growth of the country has given an increased value -to real property, and now ask the court, not to do justice,, but to accomplish for them a speculation. Had Louisiana been reduced
to colonial vassalage, and enjoyed the advantages of negrophilism, or had the father of the floods, instead of adding to 'the extent of the suburban estates, reduced, by its frequent abrasions, their extent and value, and burdened it with riparian works and charges,
we should have been held accountable for the price, -- at their option the thing or the price, as it is most advantageous to the claimants.
What is this but a speculation on events, which law and good faith repudiate ?
7. There has been a ratification of the sales by receiving the price, or part of it. This is what is called the voluntary execution of the contract of sales. -The article 2252 of our Code, and 238 of the Code of 1809, p. 310, say it is sufficient that the obligation
be voluntarily executed, to throw the- proof. of ignorance 'of the. party ratifying on him who alleged it. Where there is an execution of the contract by receiving the price, the party executing it is presumed to know any defects-or grounds on which it could be
annulled, and ignorance of them must be proved, which Tcan 'be very easily done where there has been any misrepresentation, or
deceit. And if part of the price be received, the remedy of the party is by a personal action against the executor or trustee for any
abuse of his functions. 8 Toullier, 508 - 510, 513, cit. Merlin, Questions de Droit,
verbo Alineur. The case of Rivas, relied on by complainants, contains no new
doctrine. The question there was, whether the party had received
part of the price of the plantation in dispute knowingly, that is, knowing that the money he received came from "the sale. The
court, not being satisfied of the fact,'bf course held that there was no ratification, but asserted the principle maintained in 8 Toullier,
519, art. 2252 of the Louisiana Code. The law never permits a person to mislead another by his silence,
where, by the relations between: them, he is bound to speak. This property had been sold, the executors were the agents of complain-
ants, the accounti were before them, the price which the property brought was laid before them, and if they thought proper to receive their portions, they certainly ratified the sales. Their claim for a further portion of the price remains to be considered. Story on
Agency, § 255, and cases cited., The application of these principles to the payment and discharge
in Europe, as explained in the testimony of J. F. Girod, requires
no observation. 8. An examination of the articles of the Code of 1809 cited by
complainants will satisfy the court that the parish judges of the place wherie the property was situated were competent to make the

544

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. -. Girod et al.

inventories, appraisements, and sales. Page 246, art. 174 ; page

174, art. 127 - 129.

The French text of art. 127, cited, puts the matter beyond con-

troversy, - le juge de 'la paroisse ou des paroisses, in which the

deceased had property, hall make the inventory ; and art. 128

provides, that the judge making the inventory shall make the sales.

The- art 137, P. 178, refers to curators appointed by a judge.

The executor is appointed by the will, and not by the judge.

It is not alleged in the bill or suppleniLntary bills,"Mat the parish

-judges who made the inventories and sales acted without authority,

except as to the sale of the land in the parish of Lafourche Inte-

rior b5y the judge of Assumption. Nor is it alleged that the Court

of Probates of New Orleans was without jurisdiction as to the set-

tlement of the executor's accounts and liquidation of the suc-

cession.

The only allegation as to the defect of jurisdiction of any of the

courts is found in the amended bill, p. 102, in which it is charged

that the Parish Court of New Orleans, which rendered the two

judgments alleged to be fraudulent, is incompetent. How incom-

petent ? By reason of what ? Query) for want of jurisdiction,

or for want of 'proper parties ?

Questions of jurisdiction, under the old judicial system of Louis-

iana, particularly of the courts of probates, have been difficult;

and, after this lapse of time, eveiy presumption must be in favor

of what has been done in courts ofjustice. 2 Robinson's R. 377;

Drenet's case, 8 N. S. 705.

As to the undoubted jurisdiction of the court of the parish and

city of New Orleans, which rendered the judgments attacked as

fraudulent, vide Tabor's case, 3 Martin, N. S., 676 ; 6 Martin,

N. S., 676; 8 ibid. 241 and 705;-7 ibid. 378. The Code of Prac-

tice, enacted in 1825, vested the jurisdiction in the courts of pro-

bate exclusively of all claims for money against successions.

The jurisdiction of the Court of Probates of New Orleans,

which homologated the executor's account, not having been ques-

tioned in the bill this court will not disturb its decrees. The

jurisdiction existed ratione materice, the creditors assented thereto ;

the succession was solvent, and the vesting of the jurisdiction in

any other court by the articles quoted is merely a matter of impli-

cation, and by no means exclusive. Vide Tabor's case, cit. 3

Martin, N. S., 680.

9. Respecting the effect given to judgments bomologating pro-

ceedings, tableaus, accounts, &c., vid. 6, N. S., 133, 654 ; 11

Louisiana R. 571 ; 7 N. S. 183, 433 ; 4 Louisiana R. 174. The

settlement established by the judge in a judgment against a'curator

or, Aexsectouttohre.

Code of 1809, appointment of

p.

180,

art.

145.

a defensor to represent absent heirs in

suits and vacant successions, vide 4 Martin, 666 ; 10 Martin,

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

545

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

17 ; 4 Louisiana R. 259 ; 6 Martin, N. S., 17; Seymour's case,

9 Louisiana R. 79.

10. Homologations, like other judgments, must bejainulled by a

judgment of the court which rendered them. 12 Louisiana R, 406.

Every judgment in Louisiana is subject to an action of nullity,

4ut it must be brought before the court by which the judgment was

rendered. 1 Louisiana R. 21. Code of Practice, article 608, and

notes.

It the cqurt would not give the party relief, then, and only then,

can relief be sought before the courts of the United States. The

doctrine established by this court in the Gaines case, concerning

relief against the effect of a will, is similar in all respects to that

which is here invoked.

11. It appears that in the account filed by the executors in the

Court of Probates of New Orleans, and exhibited, with the will, to

the heirs in Europe by J. F. Girod, on which he made the pay-

rients to the heirs, were two sums with which the executors charged
the succession of Claude Girod ; one was for $ 40,413-09, as paid

to Nicolas Girod ; and the other was for $ 8,25820, paid to J.

F. Gired The sums are stated to be by account annexed, ap-

proved by the judge. Vide Code of 1809, p. 180, article 145.

The complainants, acting uniformly on the principle of -orie

course of conduct for the living and another for the dead, have

discharged J. F. Girod, and seek to make N. Girod's succession

responsible for both debts.

it appears that the judge of the Court of Probates did not approve

these accounts against the succession of. Claude Girod until thej

had been litigated on, and settled judicially, in a court of la*.

Judgments were rendered on each claim in the coart of the parish

and city of New Orleans ; on that of N. Girod on the 5th Decemn-"

ber, 1814, and on that of J. F. Girod on the 6th May, 1815. On

these judgments the vials of wrath are poured forth by the com-

plainants. Rec. 163-182.

Recourse is had to conjecture, when nothing would have been

easier than to prove any fact in relation to these judgments by J. F.

Girod himself, who, so far from being interrogated concerning these

debts, is provided with a complete and full discharge.

The consequences and effect of this discharge of the plaintiff.in

one of the suits, and the recipient of the money and the defendant

in the Qth6r, will certainly have an important bearing on the equity

of the complainants' case ; and the absence of this proof, which is

at hand, will show that they rely more on confmion and conjecture

for success than on evidence.

The court of the parish and city of New Orleans had jurisdiction

of the cases, as has been shown.

An objection has been made, that there were not proper parties.

What prevented an executor, who had a disputed claim on a suc

VOL. IV.

69

TT *- -

546

SU3PREME, COURT.

Miehoud et al. v. Girod et al.

cession, establishing in an ordinary tribunal, as the laws stood before the Code of Practice ? The art. 137 (p. 248, Code of 1809) gives the power of one executor to represent the succession, where there are mor- than o e executor who has accepted. Code, 1674 ; vide 3 Martin's R. 247. The appearance and answer of
the defensor of absent heirs strengthens.the validity and fairness of
ihe proceedings. The judgments, being valil in point of form, maststand until the
are annulled and declared void by a proper tribunal. 7 Martin, 1.
S., 257 ; 11 Martin's R. 607 ; 5 Martin, N. S., 664. These judgments are attacked as fraudulent. Unfortunately for
the complainants, there is no circumstance by them even conjectured which may not have been removed by evidence.
The testimony and evidence on which thes6 judgments were rendered is not before us ;. but let us take up that in favor of N. Girod, which is the only one we have any interest in - maintaining,
since the release of J. F. Girod. Claude Girod was a trader, and left' at his death various ac-
counts, books, papers, &c., which were inventoried at his death. He had transactions with his elder brother Nicholas, who was a
merchant in New Orleans. The witnesses examined by the arbitrators were Boussignes, Pacaud, Guillot, and J. F. Girod.
The grbitrators, as will be seen by the reasons appended to each 'item, founded their opinion on the testimony of witnesses, and the examination of books, documents, and vouchers.
It is complained that the case was referred to arbitrators ;- was it not a case of old and complicated accounts ? 7 Peters, 625 ; 1 Martin's Digest, verbo A.ccounts, 405.
Arbitrators, by our code, are to decide according to the strictness of the law. Louisiana Code, 3077, Code of 1b09, p. 442, art. 12 ; Law of 1805, verbo qccounts ; 1 Martin's Dig. 405.
The interest may well have been due. Suppose that C. Girod, in his books, charged interest on his accounts with his brothers ; was
he not bound to allow it ? The prescription may have been proved to have been interrupt-
ed by acknowledgment and promises. The interruption is proved positively by the testimony of Guillot. It was only in the case of
Goddard and Urquhart, in 1834, that the prescriptions under the Spanish law were established. In Lobdell's case (7 Martin, N. S., 109), the Supreme Court held, that the prescription of a promissory note, under the Spanish law, was thirty years. It is a mistake
that Claude Girod says in his will that he leaves no debts but to the amount of $ 30,000. He says, I am indebted to divers persons by
obligations, and little by accounts, in a sum of about $ 30,000. He may have meant to persdns other than his brothers, - to persons out of his family. Debts, especially old ones, between broth-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

54

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

ers, are ligtly thought of by debtors; but creditors, have better memories.
The declarations, indefinite as these, in a man's wil, are bad arguments against the existence of a debt, and no proof at all.
Nor did N. Girod, in his petition for the sale of the property of Claude Girod's succession in New Orleans) limit the legacies and debts to $60,000. He says, the amount of legacies and
debts which it is necessary to pay without delay is that sum, or thereabouts.
Several of the persons who are parties to these suits are itill Hving ; the respectable counsel for the plaintiff is still at the bar, and the gentlemen appointed arbitrators were persons whose char. acters were of the highest consideration.
But this court will enter into no such inquiry in a matter in which the presumption is omnia acta rite e:se.
Supposing there were no judgments, were not the amounts exhibited to. complainants, when the payments were made to themi and the will, with its contents, shown to them, and does not the claim for these amounts resolve itself into a personal action to recover money unlawfully retained, as they allege ? and is not an action of this kind prescribed by ten years, according to complainants' own showing ? Goddard's case, 6 Louisiana R. 660.
It is believed that the grounds of defence to this action are so obvious, as to require little else from the court than an examination and scrutiny of the facts. To aid in this examination, this summary has been prepared, and is respectfully submitted.
lseignment of Rrror.
The appellants assign for errorin the decree rendered against them in the court below, -
1. That there is a total want of equity throughout the complain. ants' bill, and ih the evidence adduced in support of it.
2. That, under the evidence and allegations of the bill, the conplainants have no claim in a court of equity, by reason of their long silence, laches, and acquiescence in the ats complained of since 1814.
3. That the cause of action, as set forth by the complainants, is barred and prescribed by lapse of time under the laws of Louisiana.
4. That the disallowance of the sums of $40,418 and of $8,253, and the decree concerning the judgments for said amounts, is contradictoryand in violation of law.
5. That the agreements made by two of the complainants with the defendant in 18.17 are valid, obligatory, and conclusive uponthe parties ; that the dleclaration of the co-executor, J. F. Girod, has
the same effect. 6. That the discharge of J. F. Girod, the co-executor, destroys
all claim in equity against the defendants.

b48

SUPRRME' COURT.

Hichoud et aL . Girod et al.

.Mr. Jnin,for the appellees, relied upon the following points and
- authorities. 1. Although the will authorized the executors "to sell, the
property, or cause it to be sold, as to them would seem best for the heirs of the testator, without the intervention of justice," the Spanish law, then in force in Louisiana, yet required that the property should be sold at public sale, by order of court, and -after thirg days' advertisement. Gayoso. v. Garcia, 1 Martin's R.,
N. S, 324. 2. A succession sale, made by the register of wills in the parish
of Orleans (or by the parish judges in the country parishes, who there perform the functions of the register of wills, Code of 1808, p. 182, art. 153), is null and void, if not preceded by an order of the Court of IProbates. Elliott v.Labarre, 2 Louisiana R. 326.'
3. Probate sales, sheriff's sale', or judicial sales of any kind, can be- set aside by the parties in interest, and treated, as nullities) if the formalities prescribed by law are not complied with. Psyclb %'P. sradol, 6 Louisiana R. 166 ; MoDonough v. Gravier's Curator, 9 Louisiana R., and cases there cited.
4. The act of the legislatre of Louisiana, of March 10, 1834, by which certain irregularities in judicial sales are cured by the lapse of five years, applies only to- irregularities in the advertisements. Morton v. Reynoldsl 4.Louisiana A.-28;, McCluskey v. Webb, ibid.. 206. And 'even so:far as -the statute is applicable to .the facts of this case, it cannot avail the defendants, because it was not pleaded.c
5. By the civillaw, as well as by the law of chancery, an executor cannot purchase the property of the estate which he administers. Harrod v.Norris's Heirs, 11 Martin's, R. 298 ; Longbot-. tom's Ex'r v. Babcock et al., 9 Louisiana R. 48 ; Scqtt's Ex'rs V. Gorton, 14 ibid. 114, 122 ; frcCluskey v. Webb, 4 Rob. R. 201 ; J Story's Eq. Juri~p. 315 1 Prevost v. Gratz, 1 Pet., C. C. Rep. 368 ; Wormley v. Woinley, 8 Wheat. 421 ; Case v. Abeel, 1
Paige, 397 ; Davoue v. Fanning, 2 Johns. Ch.R. 252 ; Rogers v. Rogers, I -Hbpk.525.
6. The judgments obtained by Nicholas Girod for $ 40,418.09, sud by J. .Girod for $ 8;253-0, were the result of the frauduleat veoitrivances disclosed by the evidenee. It is well settled, that chancery will relieve collaterally'against frauds iu judgments. 1 Story's Eq'- Jurisp. § 252 ; 2 ibid.' § 1252 ; I addock's Ch. Pr. 300; Mitford's Eq. Plead. 266. ; Brashear s. West, 7 Peters,
16; Pratt v. Notham 5 Mason, 103 ; Gamett .Mason, 2
Brockenbr. 213 ; Marine Ins. Co. v. Hodgson, 2 Cond. R. '526 ; Bateman v. Willoe, I Sch. & Lef. 205 ; Winthrop et al. v. Lane, 3 Dess. 323; Irby v.M'Crae, 4 Dess. 429 ; Barnslyv . Pow-
ell, '1 Yes. sen. 289. 7. Even without fraud, these judgments could not be binding upou

JANUARY TERM, 146.

549

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

the heirs, for they were not parties to them, and the executors did not represent them or the estate in these proceedings.- These were indeed judgments without parties. Co-executors are- bound jointly and severally. Code of 1808, p. 248, art. 177 ; 2 Story's Eq. Jurisp. §§ 1280,1281. One of them may act for all. (Same article of the Code 6f 1808.) They are considered in law'as one person. 2 Williams's Executors, 620. Hence, if one confess the action, judgment shall be given against them all. Ibid. 621. And they cannot sue one another, if they have accepted the trust. Ibid. 685, 818.
8. Though the attorney of the absent heirs was made a party to these suits, the judgments are not binding on the heirs. The duties of such an attorney are merely conservatory, - be never represents the estate. In cases of mere neglect, and free from fraud, judgments obtained contradictorily with the attorney of the absent heir have been treated as nullities. Stein v. Bowman, 9 Louisiana R. 282 ; Collins v. Pease's Heirs, 17 ibid. 1.17. As a general rule, the courts disregard entirely judgments opposed to parties who were not cited or not properly represented. 'Psyche v. Paradol, 6 Louisiana R. 366 ; Marchaud v. Gracie, 2 ibid. 148.
9. The homologation of the account of 1817 is not resjudicata. It appears, from the petition of the executors, and from the order thereon., that the heirs were not at all represented in this proceeding'; the executors themselves preferring to represent them. An attorney was indeed appointed to represent the three heirs of the
Poidebard family, who had not sent their powers of attorney to the executors, and who were, together, entitled to one sixteenth of the estate. But they, also, will be relieved from the effects of the homologation Qu account of the fraud of the executors, and the neglect, if not worse, of the attorney of the absent heirs.
10. The proof of fairness, in dealings between trustee and cestui que trust, lies upon the former. 8 Cond. Ch. R. 495 ; 1 Story's Eq. Jurisp. § 218.
11. By the civil law, a purchase, by an executor of the property, of the estate administered bv himself is radically null, and cannot be cured by prescription. His possession as'executor is called 5Jn that system of jurisprudence, a "1precarious " possession ; by no act of his own can he alter its character; he cannot sell to himself ; notwithstanding an attempted purchase, the law considers his possession as the precarious possession of an executor, and a precarious possession cannot prescribe by any lapse of time. Macarty v. Bond's Administrator, 9 Louisiana R. 355 ; McCluskey v. Wbbb, 4 Rob. R. 201 ; Montamat v. Debon, 4 Martin's R., N. S., 152; Troplong on Prescription, Nos. 509, 517; 1 Vazeille on Prescription, Nos. 148, 149 ; Pothier's Treatise on Pos-
session, Nos. 64 - 66.

550

SUPREME COURT,

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

12. If any prescription was applicable to the purchases of the executors, it would be the prescription of thirty years, which protects purchasers in bad faith. Code of 1808, p. 486, art. 66; Code of 1825, art. 3438, 3465 ; Frangois v. Delaronde, 8 Martin's R. 629; Troplong on Prescription, 'Nos. 905-907, 915,
918 ; 21 Durantun, Nos. 352-354.
13. The prescription of ten and twenty years relied on by the detehdants, that is, of ten years between present, and of twenty yeass between absent persons, can be pleaded only by those w~ose
possession was acquired, -first, honestly; second, by virtue of a just title; third, by a title not defective in form. Code of 1808, p. 486, art. 67 ; Deval v. Choppin, 15 Louisiana Rep. 566
Code of 1825, art. 3442, 3445, 3449 -3454. But this prescription was not pleaded by the defendants. 14. The only prescription which the defendants plead in their
answer is the prescription of the action of nullity (p. 81 of the answer). This is a .prescription of ten years, established by art.
204, p. 303, of the Code of 1808, which is literally the same as article 2218 of the Code of 1825, and article 1304 of the Napo-
leon Code. The answer rests this prescription on the receipts given in 1817
by Mine. -Pargoud and Mine. Adam, representing two of the five branches of heirs on whose behalf this suit has been brought.
The terms of the law show that this prescription applies only to actions of nullity or rescision to set aside an "1agreement." This is not an action of nullity, but an action of revendicatioa, or petitory action, which, as bas been seen, is -barred only as. between absent persons by the prescription of twenty or of thirty years, ac-
cording as the purchaser was in good or in bad faith. The receipts were not "'agreements," but an acknowledgmnpt
of the reception of a sum of money, which the executors represented as all that was coming to those two heirs'from the suc-
cession. Even if-these receipts were "1agreements," in the sense of the
article, the right to set them aside would be barred only by the term of ten years " from the discovery of the fraud." The evidence shows that the complainants had not the slightest knowledge
of the fraudulent acts now proved,, before 1837. 15. The defendants also contend, that these two receipts imply
a ratification of the acts of the executors. The definition and attributes of acts of confirmation and ratification are given in article.
238, p. 310, of the Code of 1808, which is a literal copy of article 1338 of the Napoleon Code, and which was retained in the Code of 1825 as article 2252.
But no ratification or' confirmation exists in this casei be-
cause, 1st. The original sales, being absolute nuities, are not suscepti-

JANUARY TERM,, 1846.

551

Michoud et al. v. Girod et a.

ble of ratification. If it was the intention of the injured. party to sanction them, nothing less than a now sale would have teen required to accomplish this object. Acts infected with a radical nullity cannot be ratified ; they must be made anew. - Solon, Th&. orie sur la Nullit6, vol. 2, pp. 262, 292, 294; 296, 301, 321,
327, 328, 373 et, seq., 406 ; Troplong on Prescription, n. 90S -907.
2d. If considered as an express ratification of its fraudulent sales and judgments, the receipts are inoperative, for they do not contain, in the words of the law (Code of 1808, p. 310, art. 238), "the mention of the motive of the action of rescission, and the in. tention of supplying the defect on which that action is founded."
3d. If considered as a tacit ratification, all the authorities concur that all the facts and circuipstances must be fully and completely known, and that the act relied on 'as a tacit ratification can
e susceptible of no oihe6r interpretation. .Rivas's Heirs v. Ber-
nard, 13 Louisiana R. 175, and authorities there cited; Copeland v. Mickie, 17 ibid. 293;,2 Solon, p. 370 ; Perrin, Trait6
des Nullit~s, p. 350. 16. The defendants also rely, in their printed argument, on the
prescription of five years, established by.art.. 3507 of the Code of 1825. This prescription was not pleaded by them:. Had it been, the answer would be, that it applies, in terms, to "contracts, testaments, and other adts,1' like art. 204, p. 303, of the Code of 1808 ; and that it does not extend to cases of fraud, which are exclusively provided for in the last-mentioned article.
17. If the case be tested by the rules of chancery, the resale would be the same.
In chancery, a purchase by a trustee can be cured by lapse of "fme.
The cases on this subject are nowhere better reviewed than in Kane v. Blooidgood, 7 Johns. Ch. Rep. 90. But the statute of limitations begins to run ofly from the open disavowal 6f the trust.
In this case, the possession vas not known to the heirs to be adverse to the trust, except from the time when they were inform-
ed that the sales to Laignel and St. Felix were simulated. Until
thei, they believed the executors to be, as thb executors pretended themselves to be, bona fide purchasers from Laignel and St.
Felix, who, it was believed and represented, were themselves serious purchasers from the estate.
The courts of the United States, sitting as courts of equity, apply the statutes of limitations of the respective States. 6 Peters,
291 ; 16 Peters, 455, 495 ; 11 Peters, .369, 393,.406. When the statute limits not at law, the same length of time is
not a bar in equity. Boone v. Chiles, 10 Peters, -177 ; Cook v.
Ankam, 6 Cond. Rep. 287; Baker v. 'Whiting, 3 Sumner, 486. " In a case of trusts of lands, nothing short of the statute peri-

W2

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

od which would bar a legal estate or right of entry would be permitted to operate in equity as a bar of the equitable estate." Judge Story, in Baker v. Whiting, 3 Sumner's Rep. 486.
It has been seen that no other prescription but that of tr
years would, by the law of Louisiana, bar the action of revendication.
Nothing is better settled, in the law of chancery, than that, in cases of fraud, the statute of limitations does not begin to run until a full discovery of the- frauds practised. Boone v. Chiles, 10
Peters, 223 ; Aylward v. Keamey, 2 Ball & Beat. 476 ; Murray v. Palmer, 2 Sch. & Lef. 486 ; Hovenden v. Lord Anndsley,
2 Sch. & Lef. 632 ; Bond v. Hopkins,, 1 Sch. & Lef. 413 ; 1 Hovenden on Frauds, 480 ; Croft v. Adm'rs of Townsend, 3 Dess. 239 ; Wamburzee v. Kennedy, 4 Dess. 474, 485, 489; Randall v. Errington,-10 Ves. 423.
And vague rumors. and reports do not constitute that kind of knowledge of the fraud which will give course to the statute of limitations. Flagg '.-Mann, 2 Sumner, 491, 551, 563 ; Irby v. M'Crae, 4 Dess. 431 ; Randall v. Errington, 10 Ves. 423 ; 11
Louisiana R. 139 ; Conway v. Williams's Adm'r, 10 ibid. 568; Tyson v. McGill, 15 ibid. 145.
The acquiescence and ratification of two of the complainants is attempted to be inferred from their receipts. These parties assuredly knew nothing of the frauds of the executors when they signed the receipts, and acted with blind confidence. In equity, as long as the injured p1arty does not know the full extent of his rights, and that the transaction is impeachable, any act done by him subsequently will not amount to a ratification or confirmation. As long as the dependence of the cestui quc trust upon the trustee and the fiduciary relation continues, an alleged ratification will always be scrutinized with the utmost jealousy; and a party possessing only imperfect information cannot be held guilty of laches. 1 Stokry's Equity, § 345 ; Butler v. Haskell, 4 Dess. 651, 709 (where the principal cases are reviewed); Murray v. Palmer, 2 Sch. &
Lef. 486 ; 1 Hovenden on Frauds, 152, 484 ; Purcell v. McNamara, 14 Yes. 107, 120; Cole v. Gibbons, 3 P. W. 293 ; Brooke, Ex'r, v. Gally, 2 Atkyns, 34 ; Cole v. Gibson, I Yes. sen. 507 ; Taylor v. Rockfort, '2 Yes. sen. 281 ; Roche v. O'Brien, 1 Ball & Beat. 230; Morse v. Royal], 12 Ves. 364;
Wood v. Downes, 18 Ves. 120.

Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the court.
The conclusions to which we have come in this cause do not require from us any comment upon its facts.
We concur with the learned judge in the Circuit Court, in setting aside the purchases by which Nicholas Girod and Jean Francois Girod became the possessors of their testator's entire estate.

JANUARY TERM, 1&46.

553

Michoud et al. v. Girod et at.

But the morality pnd policy of the law, qs. it is administered ki

courts of 6quity, induce us to add, that thos purchases were

fraudulent and void, and may :be declared to- be so, without any.

further inquiry, upon the ground that they.were made by the inter-

trention of persons -who were nominal buyers of the property for

the purpose of conveying it to the executors. Such a transaction

carries fraud upon th face of it. Lord Hardwicke v. Vernon, 4

Ves. jun. 411 ; 14'Ves. jun. 504 ; 2. Bro. C. C. .410,note. It

matters not, in such a case, whether the sales are made with ,o

without the sanction of judicial authority, or with ministerial einet-

ness. The rule of equity is, in every code of juisprudenee with

which we are acquainted, that a purchase by a trustee or agent ot

the particular property of-which he--has the sale, or in which he

represents another, whether he has an interest in it or not,-pw

interpoitam personam, --- carries fraud on the face of it. In OlU

instance, Laignel and St. Felix *ere the instruments. of tfe ex-

ecutors. They bid off the property, paid nothing, received ii

ties, and conveyed what they nominally bought to the executom

In this way Nicholas Girod became the purchaser of all the testa.

tor's property in New Orleans, and himself and his brother Jean

Frano~is, the other executor, were joint- purchasers of: the. lan&

and slaves in the parish of Assumption, and of the testator's lands.

elsewhere. Jean Frauois, some years afterwards, sold out his

half of their joint purchase to Nicholas, for seventy thousand dol-

lars. Thus the latter became the possessor of the entire estate,1

and held it until he died, to the exclusion of all the other testa-

mentary heirs. Some of those heirs, and the represefitatives of

others of them, now sue the representatives of Nicholas Girod,

and seek to set aside the purchases of the executors. They al-

lege that they, were fraudulently made, ask that they may hawe

assigned to them their respective portions of the estate, with an

account of rents and profits excepting from their claim for the lat-

-ter the moiety which had been received by Jean Fran~ois Girod.

The defendants reply, and deny fraud in fact or in intention on the

part of the executors. They declare, that the sales were judicially

ordered and conducted, that the purchases were 'rightfully made,

for a fair price, at public auction, that the complainants have no

standing in a court of equity by reason of their long silence, laches,

and acquiescence in the acts of which they complain, and that .

their rights are barred by lapse of time, under the laws of Louisi-

ana. They also say, that receipts or acquittances were given to

the executors by two of the complainantsi which are valid and ob-

ligatory upon them. The bill and answers, and the argumeilts of

the learned counsel for the appellants, then, involve, the question

of the right of executors to purchase any part of the estate which

they administer, for a fair price, at a public sale judicially ordered

and conducted.. Remarkin, first, that an executor or administra-

VOL. IV.

70

UU

554

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

tor is in equity a trustee for heirs, legatees, and creditors, we pro-
ceed to give our opinion of the law in respect to purchases of the estate represented by them, and of purchases made by other trustees and agents, and all persons gui ne,,otia alienagerunt. The rule as
to persons incapable of purchasing particular property except under particular restraints, on account of the rules of equity, is compen-
diously given by Sir Edward Sugden, in his second section of purchases. by trustees, agents, &c. It has been adopted 'by almost every subsequent writer, and we cite -the passage with confidence, having verified its correctness by an examination of all the cases cited by him ; by an examination, also, of other cases in the English courts, ana of cases in the courts of chancery of several of the States in our Union, sustaining the doctrine, to the fullest ex-
tent, of the incapability of-trustees and agents to purchase particular property, for the sale of which they act representatiely, or in whom the title may be for another. He says, --- " It may be laid down as a general proposition, that trustees, -unless they are nominally such to preserve contingent remainders, - agents, commissioners of bankrupts, assignees of bankrupts, solicitors to the commission, auctioneers, creditors who have been consulted'as to the mode Qf sale, or any persons who, by their connection with any other person, or by being employed or concerned in his affairs,
have acquired a knowledge of his property, are incapable of purchasing, such property themselves, except under the restraints which will shortly be mentioned. For if persons having a confidential character were permitted to avail themselves of any knowledge acquired in that capacity, they might be induced to conceal their information, and not to exercise it for the benefit of the persons relying upon their integrity. The characters are inconsistent. Emplor emit quam minimo potest, venditor vendit quam maximo potest." 2 Sugd. Vendors and Purchasers, 109, London ed., 1824.* The principle has beern extended to a purchase by an

* Trustees.- Fox v. Mackreth, 2 Bro. C.C. 400; 4 Bro. P. C. (Tomlins's) 258;

Hall V. Noyes, 3 Bro. C. C. 483, and see 3 Yes. jun. 748; Kellick v. Flexny, 4 Bro. C. C. 161; Whitcote -. Lawrence, 3 Ves. jun. 740; Campbell v. Walker, 5 Ves. jun. 678,'and Whiteckre v. Whitackre, Sel. Chan. Cases, 13.
Remainders.- See Parks v White, 11 Yes. jun. 26. .qgents. - York Buildings Company v. Mackenzie, 8 Bro. P. C. 42; Lowther v.
Lowther, 13 Yes. jun. 95; see Watr . Grove, 2 Sch. & Lef 492; Whitcomb v.
Minchin, 5 Madd. 91; Woodhouse r. Meredith, 1 Jac. & Walk. 204. Commissioners of BankrTls.- Ex parte Bennet, 10 Ves jun. 381 ; E parke
Dumbell, Aug. 13,1806, Mont., notes, 33, cited; Ex parte Harrison, I Buck, 17. bsignees of Bankrupts.- Ex parte Reynolds, 5 Yes. jun. 707; Ex parte La-
cy, 6y es. Jun. 625 ; Ex parte Bage, 4 Madd. 459;. Ex parse Badcock, 1 Mont. &
Mac. 231. Solicitors to the Commission,- Owen v. Foulkes, 6 Ves. jun. 630, note b; Ex
parte Linwood , Ex parte Churchill, 8 Ves. jun..343, cited; Ex parte Bennet, 10

Ves.jun. 381; Ex parte Dumbell, Aug.,13, 1806, Mont., notes, cited; see 12 Ve.

jun. 372; 3 Mer. 200."

a t

Auctioneers, creditors consulted as to mode of sale, or any persons w by their

ocetion wcith, or concern in, the affairs hare acquireda knmoledge, 4i. - See Ex

parte Hughes, 6'Ves. jun. 617; Coles v. Trecothick, 9 Ves. jun. 234'; 1 Smith's

Ra. 233" Oliver v. Court, 8 Price, 127.

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

555

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

attorney from his client whilst the relation subsists. Bellew ,. Russell, 1 Ball & Beatty, 96 ; 9 Ves. jun. 296 ; 13 Ves. jun. 133. As to gifts. Lord Selsey v. Rhoades, 2 Sim. & Stu. 41 ; Williams v. Llewellyn, 2 You. & Jer. 68 ; Champion v. Rigby,
1 Russ. & Myl. 539. Nor can an arbitrator buy up the unascertained claims of any of the parties to the reference. Blennerhasset v. Day, 2 Ball & Beatty, 116 ; Canev. Lord Allen, 2 Dow, 289. Where a person cannot purchase the estate himself, he cannot buy it as agent for another. 9 Ves. jun. 248; Ex parte Bennet, 10 Ves.jun. 381.
The general rule stands upon our great moral obligation to refrain from placing ourselves in relations which ordinarily excite a
conflict between self-interest and integrity. It restrains all agents, public and private ; but the value of the prohibition is most felt, and its application is more frequent, in the private relations in which
the vendor and purchaser may stand towards each other. The dis-
ability to purchase is a consequence of that relation between them which imposes on the one a duty to protect the interest of the other, from the faithful discharge of which duty his own personal. interest may withdraw him. In this conflict of interest, the law wisely interposes. It acts not on the possibility, that, in some cases, the sense of that duty may prevail over the motives of selfinterest, but it provides against the probability in manyvases, and
the danger in all cases, that the dictates of self-interest will exercise a predominant influence, and supersede that of duty. It therefore prohibits a party from purchasing on his own account that
which his duty or trust requires him'to sell on acdount of another, and from purchasing on account of another that which he sells on
his own account. In effect, he is not allowed to unite the two opposite characters of buyer and seller, because his interests, when he is the seller or buyer on his own account, are directly conflicting with those of the person on whose account he buys or sells. 2
Burge's Comm. 459. Cases have been frequently decided in the courts of Louisiana, which maintain the rule in all its integrity. In Pehnsylvania it is enforce&, though, on looking over its reports, we find a case, but unsustained by any reference to adjudged cases, in which it is said that an executor might buy at a sale of the testator's effects, if he did so for a fair price, at public auction. In Maryland, the courts of chancery carry out the rule to the fullest ex-
tent of the principles upon which it is founded, and as they have-just been stated byus. In the case of Wormley v. Wormley, 8 Wheat. 421, this court declared, that no rule is better settled, than that a trustee cannot become the purchaser of the trust estate. He cannot be, at the same time, vendor and vendee. It had been previously ruled, in the case of Prevost v. Gratz, 6 Wheat. 481, and
this court afterwards, in Ringo et al. v. Binns et al., reaffirmed the'
rule, by its application to an agent who had bought land to which

556

,SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. r. Girod et al.

his principal was in equity entitled. It said, " The proposition laid down by' this court is, that if an agent discovers a defect in the title
of his- principal t6 land, he cannot misuse it to acquire a title for himself ; and if he does, that he will be held as a trustee holding for his principal." 10 Pet. 269, 281. See also the case of Oliver v. Piatt, 3 How. 333. It is also affirmed, in Church v. Marine Insurance Company, 1 Mason, 341, that an agent or trustee cannot, directly or indirectly, become the purchaser of the trust property which is confided to his care. We scarcely need add, that a purchase by a trustee of his cetui que trust, 8uijuris, provided it is deliberately agreed or understood between them that the relation shall be considered as dissolved, "and there is a clear contract,' ascertained to be such, -after a jealous and scrupulous .examination of all the circumstances, and it is clear that the cestui que trust intended that the trustee 'should buy, and there is no fraud, no concealment, and no advantage taln by the trustee of information acquired by him as trustee," will b6 sustained in a court of equity. But it is difficult to make out such a case, where the exception is taken, 6specially when. there is any inadequacy of price, or any inequality in the bargain. Coles v. Trecothick, 9 Ves. 246 ; Fox v. Mackreth,'2 Bro. Ch. R. 400; Gikson v. Jeyes, 6 Ves. 277 ; Whichcote v. Lawrence, 3 Ves. 740; Campbell v. Walker, 5 Ves. 678 ; Ayliffe v. Murray, 2 Atk. 59. And therefore, if a trustee, though strictly honest, should buy for himself an estate from his cestui que trust, and then should sell it for more, according to the rules of a court of equity, from general policy, and not from any peculiar imputation of fraud, he would be held still to remain a ,trustee to all intents and purposes, and not be permitted to sell to or for himself. 1 Story's Com. on Equity (2d ed.) 317 ; Fox v. Mackreth, 2 Bro. Ch. R. 400; S. C., 2 Cox, 320, 327,
In New York there has been no relaxation of it, since the decision in the case of Davoue v. Fanning, 2 Johns. Ch. 252. It is a critical and able review of the doctrine, as it had been applied by the English courts of chance.y from an early day, and has been received, with very few exceptions, by our State chancery courts, as altogether putting the rule upon its proper footing. Indeed, it is not too much to say, that it has secured the triumph of the rule over all qualifications and relaxations of it in the United States, to the same extent that had 5een achieved for it in England by that great chancellor, Lord
Eldon. Davoue v. Fanning was the case of an executor for whose wife a purchase had been made by one Hedden, at public auction, bon4 fide, for a fair price, of a part of the estate which Fanning administered, and the prayer of the bill was, that the purchase might be set aside, hnd the premises resold. The case was examined with a special reference to the right of an executor to buy
any part of the estate of his testator. And it was affirmed, and we think rightly, that if a trustee, or person'acting for others, sells the

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

557

Michoud et &L.v. Girod et al.

trust estate, and becomes himself interested in the purchase, the testuis que trust are entitled, as of course, to have the purchase set aside, and the property re~xposed to sale, under the direction of the court. And it makes no difference in the application of the
rule, that 'a sale was at public auction, bona fide, and for a fair price, and that the executor did not purchase fQr himsel4but that a third pers6n, by previous arrangement -with the executor, became the purchaser, to hold in trust for the separate us and benefit of the wife of the executor, who was one of the cestuis que trust, and who -bad an interest in the land tinder the will of the testator. The
inquiry, in such a case, is not whether there was or was not fraud in fact. The purchase is void, and will be set aside at the instance
of the cestui que trust, and a resale ordered, on the ground of the temptation to abuse, and of the danger of imposition ina6cessible
to the eye of the court. We are aware that cases may be found, in the reports of some of the chancery courts in the United States, in which it has been held that an executor may purchase, if it be without fraud, any property of his testator, at open and public sale, for a fair price, and that such purchase is only voidable, and not void, as we hold it to be.- But with all due respect for the learned judges who have so decided, we say that an executor or administrator is, in equity, a trustee for the next of kin, legatees, and creditors, and that we have been unable to find any one well considered de6ision, with other cases, or any one case in the books, to
sustain the right of an executor to 'become the purchaser of the property which he represents, or any portion of it, though he has done so for a fair price, without fraud, at a public sale. Why should the rule be relaxed in the case of persons most frequently
exposed ,to the temptations of self-interest, who may yield to it more readily than any others, with a larger impunity, if the day of equitable retribution shall ever come for those'who have been defrauded ? Is it not better that the cause of the evil shall be prohibited, than that courts of equity shall be relied tipon to apply the remedy in particular cases, by inquiring into all the circumstances of a case, whether there has or has not been fraud in fact ? Is the rule to be relaxed, in the case of executors, in respect to all persons interested in the estate, or only to such of them as are sui juris .2
And if only to those who are sui juris, why in case of an executor as to such persons, when the rule has never been relaxed by any
court of equity to permit purchases by any other trustee or agent of one who is sui jurii? Shall it be relaxed in cases of those who are interested in the estate, and who are not sui juris or minors ? Then othey remedies must be devised to protect their interests than'that which experience has shown to be alone efficacious. It is, that when a trustee for one not sui juris sees that it is absolutely necessary that the estate must be sold, and he is ready. to give more for it than any One else, that a bill should be filed,
UU*

558

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et a]. v. Girod et al.

and he should apply to the court by motion, to let him be a purchaser. Tfiis is the only way he can protect himself. There are cases in which the court wXl permit it. Campbell v. Walker, 5 Ves. jun. 478 ; 13 Ves. jun. 601; I Ball & Beatty, 418.
Such is the proceeding adopted in Louisiana, when property in which a minor is interested is offered for sale, as may be seen by the case in 5 Louisiana R. 16, McCarty v. Steam Cotton Press
Company et al. The property was sold at auction, and the mother of the minor became the purchaser. It was contended that this
purchase was null and void, because the property had descended to the children immediately after the death of the father, and the mother, who, by the effect of the law, was. their natural tutor, could not buy it. The court said it was a general rule. But it having been shown that the mother and purchaser had petitoned the Court of Probates for a iatification of the sale, and that the court had ratified it upon the advice of a family meeting, the sale was confirmed. And the court held, that under the Spanish law (20) a tutor could purchase the property of his ward, with the permission of the judo.
We have said more upon the relaxation of the rule in the case of
executors thap we would have done, if the learned c6unsel for the appellantd had not pressed, as an exemption from the rule, purchases made by executors without fraud at open sale, especially when by the will they were empowered to sell the estate of their testator for thebenefit of heirs and legatees, and were heirs or legatees themselves. And if it had not been urged, that the decisions of the Supreme Court of Louisiana were unsafe guides in interpreting the Spanish laws in respect to .the incapacity of persons to purchase at judicial
sales particular property, on account of the official or financiering relation in which they stood, to the persons who owned the property. It was supposed that the qualifications of the rule by.the civil law embraced executors, or might do so by the "eason upon which those qualifications were sustained. It imposes'apon us the task of showing, that the relaxations of the rule by the civil law were never permitted by the Spanish law which prevailed in Louisiana, and were never extended under the civil law, to permit the executor testamentarius or executor dativus to buy the property which he was appointed to administer. It is a subject of curious and instructive exan ination to trace the rule or prohibition, in the course of its application under. the jurisprudence of different nations. In all of them, there. were limited ad occasional relaxations of the rule in particular cases, in what are sometimes called hard cases, but in no one nation have purchases by executors been permitted, as a relaxation of the civil
law rule. For a general historical examination of the subject, we have not time ; we wish we had. A brief examination, however, of the qualifications of the rule. by the ciil law will, not be inappropriate upon an appeal from a court held in Louisiana, where the civil

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

559

Michoud et al v. irod et al.

law exists in a modified form, and is still often the rule of decision by its 6nlightened jurists. The prohibition of the civil law is thus expressed :-" Tutor rem pupili emere non potest ; idemque porrigentdum est ad similia, id est, ad curatores, procuratores, et qui negotia aliena gerunt." Dig., Lib. 18 tit. 1, 1. 34 ; Inst., Lib. 1, tit. 21, 23.
The rule as expressed embraces every relation in which there may arise a conflict between the duty which the vendor or purchaser owes to the person with whom he is dealing, or on whose account he is acting, and, his own individual interest. Nor was it
ever relaxed oi qualified by the civil law, further than to allow the guardian to purchase the property of the 'Ward, palam et bona fide, at public auction. "Cum ipse tutor nihil ex -bonis pupilli, quo
distrahi possunt,. comparare' palam et bona fide prohibetur ; multo magis uxor ejus hoc facere potest."' Cod., Lib. 4, tit. 38, L 5.
But foreseeing the mischief which might grow out of the relaxation, it required that the purchase must be made by the guardian himself, -palamet bona fide, and not per interpositampersonam. " Sed si per interpositam personam rem pupilli emerit, in ea causa ut emptio
nuUius momenti sit, quia non bona fide videtur rem gessisse. Et ita es rescriptum a D. Severo et Antonino." Dig., Lib. 26, tit. 5,1. 5, § 3. A purchase by a guardian from his co-guardian was permitted, if it took place in public, and bona fide. "Item ipse tutor et emptoris et venditoris officio fungi non potest. Sed enim si contutorem habeat, cujus auctoritas sufficit, procul-dubio emere potest. Sod si mali fide emptio intercesserit, nullius erit momenti, ideoque nec usucapere potest. Sanei si sun mtatis factus comprobaverit emntionem, contractus valet." Dig., Lib. 26, tit. 8' 1. 5, § 2.
The guardian might purchase at a sale made at the suit of a
creditor. " Si creditor pupilhi distrahat, aque emere bona fide potent." Dig., Lib. 26, 1. 5, § 5. Such is the extent of the qualification of the rule of the civil law. And, its limitation not being well understood, persons have often been misled to apply it to what they supposed to be analogous agencies, such as executors, when there was no authority either in the text of the civil law, or in the practice under it, for doing s6. But, further, those qualifications of the rule mentioned were confined in practice to those territories.
in Europe in which the civil law prevailed without modificauon.
And it is remarkable, considering what were the influences upon Christendom of the civil law, after its discovery- in the twelfth century, - and when not until some time after it began to be used as a rule of law by which public and private rights were determined,
- when'in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries it was the study ofthe wisest men, - it is remarkable that the qualifications of the rule, as they have been stated, *ere considered imperfections, and were rejected by every n~tion in Europe whose codes -are generally ad.
nitred to have been compiled from the civil law, with an intimate

560

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et a].

knowledge of human nature, as it has always shown its,-lf in the business of life. Here, appropriate to what has been just said, is the language of Pothier. "Nous ne pouvons acheter, ni par nousmemes, ni par personnes interposes, les choses que font partie des
biens dont nous avons l'administration ; ainsi un tuteur ne pent acheter les choses qui appartiennent . son mineur ; un administrateur ne peut acheter aucune chose de bien dont ila l'administtion."1 Tr. du Contrat de Vente, part. 1,n. 13. The rule of the civil law, without qualification, is adopted in the codes of Holland.
"Qua vero de tutoribus cautA, eaquoque in curatoribus, procuratoribus, testamentorum executoribus, aliisque similibus, qui aliena gerunt
negotia, probanda sunt.". Voet., Lib. 18, tit. 1, n. 9 ; 2 Burge's Comm. 463. In Spain, the rule was enforced without relaxation, and with stem uniformity. Judge McCaleb cites in bis opiniony from the'Novissinma Recopilacion, therule, in the following words.
11 No man, who is testamentary executor or guardian. of minors, nor any other man or woman, can purchase the property which they administer, and whether they purchase publicly or privately the act is invalid, and on proof being made of the fact, the sale must be set aside." This was the 1Itw of Louisiana when ther executors in this instance made their ',urchases, and it is conclusive of the invalidity.
We have thus shown, that those purchases are fraudulent and void, from having been made per interpositam personam, and if they were not so on that account, that they are void by the rule in equity in the courts of' England, and as it prevails in the courts of equity in the United States. It has also been shown, that they are void by the law of Louisiana, as it was when they were made b7 the executors, and that such purchases never were countenanced in that State by any. qualification of the civil law rule prohibiting purchases by those who stood in such fiduciary relations to others ; that the act could not be generally done, without creating a conflict between self-interest and integrity. In every aspect in which we have viewed this case, we are called upon to direct
that the purchases made by Nicholas and Jean Frangois Girod of their testator's estate should be set aside. We shall order it to be done. Nor do we think that the complainants have lost their rights by negligence, or by the lapse of time. We can only see in their conduct the fears and forbearance of dependent relatives, far distant from the- scene of the transactions of which they
complain, desirous of having what was due to them, and suspecting it had been withheld, but unwilling to believe that they had been
wronged by brothers, with whom they had been associated in a common interest by another brother who was dead. In a case. of actual fraud, courts of- equity give relief after a long lapse of time,
much longer than has -passed since the executors, in this instance, purchased their testator's estate. In general, length of time is no

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

561

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

bar to a trust clearly established to have once existed ; and where

fraud is imputed and proved, length of time ought not to exclude

relief. Prevost v. Gratz, 6 Wheat. 481. Generally speaking, when a pdrty has been guilty of such laches in prosecuting his equi-

table title as would bar him if his title were solely at law, he will be barred in equity, from a wise consideration of the paramount im-

portance of quieting men's titles, and upon the principle that expedit rcipublicte ut sit finis litium ; although the statutes of limita-

tions do not apply to any equitable demand, courts of equity-

adopt them ; or at least generally take the same limitations for

their guide, in eases analogous to those in which the statutes apply at law. 10 Ves. 467 ; 1 Cox, 149. Still, within what time a

constructive trust will be barred must, depend -upon the circum-

stances of the case. Boone v. Chiles, 10 Peters, 177. There is

no rule in equity which excludes the consideration of circumstan-

ces, and, in a case of actual fraud, we believe no case can be found in the books in which a court of equity has refused to give relief

within the lifetime of either of the parties upon whom the fraud is

proved,' or within thirty years after it has been discovered or becomes known to the party whose -rights are affected by it. In

this case, that time has not elapsed since the executors made their purchases, and it is not pretended that they were known to any of

the complainants until the- year 1817, and not then, except by the

exhibition of an account by the executors .to some of the complainants, with declarations that every thing bad been fairly done

with a view to save the honor of the testator, and the interests of

tho'se who were the 'objects of his bounty. In' this view of the

case, it is not necessary for us to consider the time within which

remedies are barred, or property may be acquired by prescription, under the laws of Louisiana. We would willingly otherwise do

so, for the result would show the'sanm harmony in the application of the rules of the civil law and those of Louisiana upon prescrip-

tion with the rules prevailing in courts of equity in England and

the United States, as we trust has been shown to exist between

them in the prohibition of an executor to buy the estate of his tes-

tator.

The receipts or acquittances given by two of the complainants to

the executors do not affect their rights. They were obviously give; without full knowledge of all the circumstances connected

with the disposal and management of the estate. Indeed, it is

plain that such information had been withheld by the executors.

It is true that an account was presented to them, with official sig-

natures to it, but without vouchers of any kind to verify its cor-

rectness, and it was accompanied by a letter from Nicholas Girod,

in which menaces of displeasure are mingled with intimations of

future kindness.

We shall also direct the official proceedings which were had

VOL. IV.

.71

562

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et'-al°

upon the account of Nicholas Girod, against the estate of Claude, to be set aside and annulled. But there will be allowed to the
representatives of Nicholas, in the settlement of the estate, the sum
of $ 6,574-20, with interest at five per -cent. The proofs in the cause show that, a few months before* the death -of, he- testator, there had been a settlement of accounts between him and Nicholas,
and we allow that amount, as it is charged'in the general account)
disallowing all the other items. We suppose it to be an inadver-, tency in drawing up the deciee, that the sum just mentioned was not allowed, as the learned judge, in his opinion, states that a set-,
tlement had taken place, with that result.
We shall also direct that the actual cost of all permanent improvements which were made upon any part of the estate by Nicholas Girod shall be allowed to his representatives, with interest .at five per cent. in the settlement which shall be made with the complaihants and the other~persons having an interest under the will of
Claude. And also an allowance for taxes, and the expenses and cost paid in recovering the property gained by alluvion. A reference to a master will be directed. We regret to perceive from the record, that all the persons who are interested in the estate of
Claude F. Gipod are not parties to this proceeding. We shall direct, that they shall be permitted to make themselves parties, if they please to become. so. But in giving the order, it is not intended to
delay those fron receiving their portions in whose behalf this decree is made. The fruits of their vigdance can be apportioned according to their respective rights in the estate, when one of the original testamentary heirs claims, and the Circuit Court, ih the further proceedings in the cause under the mandate of this court,
will of course take care to ascertain who are the representatives of
others of them who are dead. Jean Francois Girod is not-auparty in this cause, and therefore
we can give no decree against him, but should he offer to become a party for the purpose of claiming What under the will was his portion of the estate of Claude, or should it be claimed by any
representative of his, we think'it right to remark, for the purpose of preventing further litigation in this matter, that such claim will be subject to all the equities subsisting between Jean Frangois and
Nicholas, and especially.to the allowance to the representatives of Nicholas of the purchase money which was given by Nicholas-to
Jean, for the one half of their joint purbhase of the property oftheir testator, with interest at the rate according to their contract up to the times when the purchase money was paid, and afterwards at five per cent.

Order. This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern Dis-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

560

Michoud et al. v. Girod et aI.

trict of Louisiana; and was argued by counsel. "Wereupon it is considered by the court, -
1. That the plaintiffs are residuary legatees of Claude Francois Girod, deceased, in the following proportion, namely: Peronne
Bernardine Girod, the widow of Jean Pierre Hector Pargoud, for one eighth-; Rosalie Girod, the widow of Louis Adam, for one. eighth ; Frangoise Peronne Quiitand, the wife of J. A. Allard, for one forty-eighth ; Marie Philippine Rose Quitand, for one fortyeighth ; Marie Bernard Quitand, for one forty-eighth; Louis Joseph Poidebard, for one forty-eighth ; Benoite Collihie Nicoud, for two two-hundred-and-eighty-eighths ; Maurice Emilie Nicoud, and
Jenny Benoite Nicoud, represented by Jean Berger, their tutor, each for two two-hundred-and-eighty-eighths ; Jean Franois
Girod, the nephew, in his own right, *and as testamentary heir of Pierre Nicholas Girod, his brother, and represented by Jean Firman Pepin, the syndic of his creditors, for one twentieth ; and FranIoise Clementine Girod, wife of Pierre Francois Pernond, for one fortieth.
2. That the adjudication of landed property, with the slaves
thereto attached, situated on Bayou Laf6urche, made on the 18th of February, 1814, to Charles St. Felix ; the retrocession of said property by said Charles St. Felix to Nicholas and Jean Ftaucois Girod, on the 23d of February, 1814; the adjudication of the property situated in the parish of Orleans made to Simon ignei
on the 9th of April, 1814, and the notarial seal made to the same on the 26th of April, 1814, in pursuance of said adjudication ; and the conveyance of said property to Nicholas Girod, of the 28th of April, 1814, be set aside and annulled, saving, however, the just rights of third persons, to whom two tracts of land on Bayou Lafourche, two slaves, and a piebe of ground in the city of New Orleans were conveyed by the said Nicholas Girod in his lifetime, as appears from the admissions in the pleadings.
S. That for the purpose of giving to the residuary legatees of
the late Claude Francois Girod their proportions respectively of the estate of the testator, the said Circuit Court should direct either a sale of the said property, both real and personal, at such time and manner as said court shall see fit, or cause a partition in kind to be
made of said property, as in the judgment of the said court might be deemed most advisable ; and that in either case the said court
should direct all the proper conveyances to be made accordingly.
4. And for greater certainty it is hereby declared, that the property, of which undivided portions are to be conveyed and assigned to the plaintiffs ai aforesaid, is all the property and slaves which were inventoried in the parishes of Ascension, Assumption, and
Lafourehe Interior, after the death of said Nicholas Girod, as be-
longing to his estate ; and all the property which was inventoried after the death of said Nicholas Girod, as situated in the Municipal-

56

SUPREME COURT.

Michoud et al. r. Girod et a].

ity No. 2 of the city of New Orleans, including the property which is an alluvion, and accessory to the property derived from the estates of Claude Francois Girod, and which was aba~doned to Nicho-
las Girod by the heirs of Bertrand Gravier, by an act of com-
p.iomise executed on the 29th day of March, 1823, and also the house and lot situated at the corner of St. Louis and Chartres Streets, in Municipality No. 1 of the city of New Orleans.
5. That the adjudication made in the Parish Court of the Parish, of Orleans, in the year 1815, in favor of Nicholas Girod, for $40,418"09, and claimed by the said Nicholas in the account filed in the Court of Probates by Nicholas and Jean Ffan~ois Girod, in May, 1817, be set aside, and instead thereof that the representatives of said Nicholas Girad be allowed, in the settlement of the
accounts by the master in this cause, the sum of $ 6,576"20, with
interest thereon at the rate of five per cent. per annum from the
1st day of August, 1813. 6. That the two acquittances and releases given, in 1817, by the
plaintiffs, Madame Adam and :Madame Pargoud, to Jean Fran ois Girod, be set aside, and be allowed no other force or effect than
as acknowledgments of the receipt by Madame Pargoud for 5,242 francs 75 c., and by Madame Adam for the sum of 10;242 francs
75c., making respectively the sum of $ 975"15, and $ 1,905"15,
in the currency of the United States, as stated in said receipt; and that the said amounts should be deducted from their portions
respectively in the distribution. 7. That a reference be made to a master in chancery to take an
account of what is due from the estate of Nicholas Girod to the
plaintiTs, on account of -the property belonging to the estate of Claude Frangois Girod, and alienated by. said Nicholas Girod, for rents and profits, and for interest ; and of what may be due by the complainants to the estate of Nicholas Girod, for payments made by the said Nicholas on account'of the debts of the said' Claude
Franjois Girod, and of the legacies paid by him, and of permanent improvements ; and, in talng said account, said master shall charge
the said estate with the value of the crop .alleged to have been on hand, when the property in Lafourche was adjudicated to Charles
St. Felix,. with interest thereon; with the amounts which, by the aforesaid. account of 1817, the said e:iecutors acknowledged to have received, or for which they consented to become responsible, from the time the same were received ; with the price at which the two tra2ts of land on Bayou Lafourche and the two slaves were sold, and which are mentioned in the pleadings as having heretofore been sold, with interest thereon from the time when, according to the bill of sale, said price was payable ; with the sum of thirty-five thousand
dollars, this being the admitted value of the price of the ground donated by Nicholas Girod to the Female Orphan Asylum, with interest thereon from the time said donation was made ;. with the

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

565

Michoud et al. v. Giroa et al.

rents and profits of the plantation and slaves, the house at the

comer of Chartres and St. Louis Streets, and the property in

Faubourg St. Mary, now called the Second Municipality, rim the

adjudication of 1614, and at the rate which might reasonably, and

with a proper administration, have been obtained for the same, it

being understood that from the years 1829 and 1830, when the

property in Faubourg St. Mary, or Second Municipality, still un-

disposed of, was leased to John F. Miller, the rents and profits

thereon are to be charged at the rate at which the rent was stipu-

lated in the lease to said Miller.

8. And the said master shall credit the estate of Nicholas Girod,

on said account, with the amount with which said executors -cred-

ited themselves in their account of the 23d of May, 1817, with in-

terest thereon, except the personal claim of $40,418-09, in lieu

of which this court has directed the alloivance of $ 6,576-30, be-

ing one of the items of the general account which was claimed by

Nicholas Girod against Claude Francois Girod after the death of the said Claude, and the estate of Nicholas Girod shall be credited

with any payments that have been made on account of legacies left

by the said Claude, with interest thereon. And the estate of the

said Nicholas Girod shall be credited with one half of the rents and profits of the plantation and slaves of Bayou Lafourche, up to the

time when Jean Frangois sold his interest in the same to Nicholas

Girod. And the said master shall also credit the estate of the said

Nicholas Girod with, the actual cost in money expended by the said Nicholas in permanent improvements, still in existence, of or upon

any part of the estate of Claude Franois Girod, including im-

provements of the property gained by alluvion, accessory to the

property derived from the estate of Claude Francois Girod, which

was abandoned to Nicholas Girod by the heirs of Bertrand Gra-

vier, by an act of compromise, executed on the 29th of March,

1823, and the expenses and cost paid by him in recovering the al-

luvion before mentioned, and including also improvements on the

lot at the comer of St. Louis and Chartres Streets, and with im-

provements on the lands on Bayou Lafourche, deducting from these

last the value of the labor of the slaves on the said plantation aid-

ing and making such improvements, and of the materials pr6cured

from the same. And the actual cost in money of all improvements

made by said Nicholas shall be allowed, with interest at five per

cent. upon the same from the time it shall be ascertained or found

by the master that the sums were expended. And allowance is

also to be made to the estate of said Nicholas for all taxes paid on

the property of Claude Francois Girod. And the said master is

hereby authorized, for the discovery of the matters aforesaid, to receive from the parties, upon oath, books, and papers, and writings

in their custody and power relating thereto, and. also to examine

witnesses orally or upon written interrogatories, in regard to the cost

VOL. iv.

vy

b06SUPREME

COURT.

Michoud et al. v. Girod et al.

of all improvements,'due notice of his proceedings in this matter
being given to the parties or their attorney. 9. And the said master shall compute what amount of the bal-
ance so to be found against the estate of Nicholas Girod shall be paid to each of the plaintiffs, according to their declared- propor-
tionate interest in the estate of Claude Fran0is Girod, and said
balance shall be paid to them, with interest from the date up to which the master's report may present a calculation of interest ; and said payment shall be made by the dative testamentary executors of.Nicholas Girod, out of the funds of said estate, in preference
to any legacies under the will of said Nicholas Girod. And for the better discovery of matters aforesaid, the parties are to produce
before the said master, upon oath, all books, papers, and writings in their custody or power relating thereto, as the said master shall
direct. Andthe said master shall, when necessary, examine said parties upon written interrogatories.
10. That any other person or persons, not now parties to the proceedings, claiming title to the funds or estate in controversy, or to any part thereof, should be allowed to present their claims respectively before the said Circuit Court, to make due proofs thereof, and to become parties to the proceedings, for the due establishment and adjudication thereof. And that the costs of this suit which have hitherto accrued in the said court should be paid by the said dative testamentary executors out of the funds of said estate.
11. It is thereupon now here. adjudged and decreed by this court, that so much of the decree of the said Circuit Court as con-
forms to the decree and opinion of this court be and the same is hereby affirmed. And that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to allow, any person or persons not now parties and claiming title to any portion of the estate in controversy to become parties to the suit, tQ present their claims and make due proof thereof, and for such further proceedings to be had therein,.in conformity to the decree and opinion of this court, as to law and justice shall appertain.

JANUARY TERM 1846.

12

Gagrard v. Lessee of Reynolds et al.

DAxnm GAiam, PiLnmir iN ERROR, V. LES=E OF HENRI REY-
NOLDS XT AL.
In an action ofejectment, where two ofthe plaintiff's lessors were mariedwomen, and the demise was laid in the declaration to have been on the Ist of January, 1815, it was necessary to establish to the satisfaction of the jury, that the marmage took place before that day, inasmuch as their husbands were stated to have joined in the demise.
Two depositions, taken in 1818, were given in evidence, one of which stated the death of the father ofthe women to have taken place " upwards of twenty years ago," and the other "about twenty-eight years ago." Both of the depositions when enumerating the children of the deceased, mentioned the fact of the mar. riage, without saying when such marriage took place.
In giving its instrucuons to the jury, the court remarked that "1the depositions should be favorably construed." After retiring, the jury returned into court and inquired what was meant by the instruction that the "depositions should be favorably construed," when the court informed them, that " where a suit was sbhroorutglyhtsabfyerAt.heanadnuBit .waass mbarnuagnhdt,wwifieth, oauntdparowviitnngestsheprtoimveedatthewmhicmhanthaenydwweirfee intermarried2 it might well be inferred that they were man and wife whien the suit was instituted; and if there was an ambiguty in the deposition of William Rawle (the witess), it was in the power of the jury to find that the two femes covert bad intermarried before the 1st of January, 1815."
Thoen jaurmyowtioerne, ofnurther ptoalrdt, othf atht e tdhefednedpoasti,tiofonrs ahnadonbsueietn, forrefewrarendt tofthperocofurotf, heirhip and intermarriage of the daughters qf Reynolds, at the date of"the demwiitsnee, s1s)Jarnefuearrreyd, 1t8o15; apndthtehat it seee to theheciorusrotf tRhaetynWolidllsiaamt tRhaewtlieme(thoef his death, and not at the time the de.oition was taken, and refused the nonsuit; but the jury were not bound hy the constructio n by the court, end could give th deposition any constrction they saw prper."
No excepton havng been taken to the opinion of the court overrung the motion for a nonsuit, the question whether, as matter of law, there was any evidence to be submitted to the ,jury, goiug to establish the intermarriage at or before the time fathe demise litd in the declaration, was not before this court.
And in the submission to the jury hi"the question of fact, whether or not the evidence proved the marriage -before that time, there was no interference with the province of the jury, or violation of any rule of law, the question having been left open for thi findirng:
There was, therefore, no error in the proceedings of the court below.
THE facts in this case are set forth in the opinion of the court.
The case was argued by .ir. Crittenden, for the plaintiff in error, and ,Mr..Morehead, or the defendants.
Mr. Justice NELSON "delivered the opinion of the court.
This is a writ of error to the Circuit Court of the United States
for the District of Kentucky, bringing up for review certain instructions given to the jury on the trial of an action of ejectnent, brought by the defendant in error against the plaintiff in error, and
in which the former obtained the verdict. The action was brought to recover possession of a large tract
of land situate and lying in the State of Kentucky, to which the lessors of the plaintiff claimed title as the heirs of James Reynolds. the original patentee of the tract.

124

SUPREME COURT.

Garrard v. Lessee of Reynolds et al.

Two of them were daughters of the patentee and .femes cov ert, with whom their husbands, Cutbush and Reese, had joined in the * action, and the demises in the several counts in the declaration were laid jointly and not severally, and were of the date of 1 Jan-
uary, 1815. Several questions of law were raised by the counsel for the de-
fendant below, in the course of the trial, and were disposed of by the court, and exceptions taken, but as they have not been relied on here as grounds of error, it is unimportant to notice them more
particularly. The suit was commenced in the latter part of December, 1815,
and continued from term to term, until the November term of the court in 1842, when it was tried, and a verdict found for the
plaintiff. Among other testimony introduced on the part of the lessor5 of
the plaintiff to establish their title to the tract, and right to recover the possession, were the depositions of William Rawle and TI omas Cumpston, both of the city of Philadelphia, duly taken beftre a
competent officer, in May, 1818, the mat6rial parts of whicI are as follows.
Wilham Rawle deposed, "That he was well acquainted with James Reynolds, late of the city of Philadelphia, carver and gilder, who lived many years in a house belonging to the wifa of 'this affiant, as a tenant, m the city of Philadelphia ; that, to the
best of this afflant's recollection ard belief, the said James Reynolds left five children at the time of his death, which was upwards
of twenty years ago. The names of the children living ai the time of his death were James, Henry, Aqnne, and Elizabeth, one
of whom married Edward Cutbush, and the other James Reese, and Sarah, who, as far as affiant's knowledge extends, was not married ; and this deponent believes the said James, HEnry, Anne, Elizabeth, and Sarah were the heirs at law of the said James Reynolds, deceased."
Thomas Cumpston deposed, " That he was acquainted with James Reynolds, late of the city of Philadelphia ; that he died about twenty-eight years ago ; that he left two sons, to wit, James Reynolds and Henry Reynolds, and three daughter,;, to wit, Anne Reynolds, now married to Edward Cuthush, Elizabeth, now married to James Reese, and Sarah Reynolds, whom this deponent believes to be the heirs at law."
When the testimony closed, the following among other ins ruc-
tions were prayed for by the counsel for the defendant, namel-, " That the plaintiff cannot recover on the demise of Cutbush', un-
less the jury shall find from the evidence that he was married to the daughter of the said patentee, Reynolds, on or before the date
of his demise, to wit, the 1st January, 1815 ; nor can the plaintiff recover on, the demise* of Reese, unless they shall find he was

JANUA.R.Y TERM, 1846.

125

Garrard v. Lessee of Reynolds et al.

married to another daughter of the said patentee, at or before the same day ; nor can the plaintiff recover on any of the demises in the declaration, unless the jury shall find from the evidence that the lessor, James Reese, was married as aforesaid, on or before 1 January, 1815 (he having joined in the demise as laid in each of the several counts in the declaration)."
The record further states, that the instructions thus prayed for on the part of the defendant were given, " but the court remarked to the jury, that the depositions should be favorably con-
strued."
After the cause was thus submitted upon this branch of it, the jury returned into court, and inquired "what was meant by the instruction, 'but the depositions should be favorably construed,' when the court informed them, that where a suit was brought by A. and B., as man and wife, and a witness proved them man and wife shortly after the suit was brought, without proving the time at which they were intermarried, it might well be inferred that they were man and wife when the suit was instituted ; and if there was an ambiguity in the deposition of William Rawle (the witness), it was in the power of the jury to find that the two femes covert had
intermarried before the 1st January, 1815."
The jury were further told, ' that the depositions had bden referred to the court, on a motion on the 'part of the defendant for a nonsuit, for want of proof of heirship and intermarriage of the daughters of Reynolds at the date of the demise, 1 January, 1815 ; and that it seemed to the court that William Rawle, the witness, referred to the persons who were the heirs of Reynolds at the time of his death, and not at the time the deposition was taken, and refused the nonsuit ; but that the jury were not boufnd by the
construction given by the court, and could give the deposition any construction they saw proper."
This is the substance of the case, as presented on the record, so far -as the questions before us are involved, and upon which we
are called upon to decide. The counsel for the plaintiff in error contends, that the testi-
mony of Rawle and Cumpston, as detailed in their depositions, and which is alone relied on by the defendants in error as proving
the intermarriage of Anne and Elizabeth, two of the heirs of the patentee, with Cutbush and Reese, refers,'and upon a fair constuction should be limited, to the time when they were takn, -to wit, the 4th and 2d May, 1818, and cannot be properly regarded as referring to the time of the demise laid in the declaration, to wit,
the 1st January, 1815 ; and that if so, 'hen the testimony did not lay a sufficient foundation to warrant the inference or presumption by the jury of the fact of intermarriage at the latter date, which
fact is essential to maintain the action. Whereas, the counsel for the defendant in error insists that one

126

SUPREME COURT.

Garrard v. Lessee ofReynolds et al.

or both the depositions are open to a construction that affords direct proof of the intermarriage as far back as the time of the de th of the patentee, and, of course, before the date of the demise ; or, if not direct proof, that the testimony, at least, is sufficiently full and. comprebensive to authorize the jury in finding the intermarriage as a conclusion of fact as early as that date.
These are substantially the adverse positions held and maintaned by tfe respective counsel upon the point in question between them.
This court is not called upon to express an opinion, whether, as matter of law, there was any evidence to be submitted to the j~iy, going to establish the intermarriage at or before the time mentined ; because, although this ground was taken by the counsel in the course of the trial below, on a motion for a nonsuit, and was over-
ruled, no exception was taken to the decision. The point, therefore, is not before us.
Both parties there assumed, that the inference or presumption of intermarriage or not at the date of the demise was one of fact, depending upon the weight of the evidence? such as it was, and belonged properly to the province of the jury, and should be subrr itted to them. And the only question, therefore, here is, whether the court, in their instruction on the submission of the case to the
jury, violated any rule of law, foi which error will lie. We have, accordingly, examined the instructions given on fis
aspect of the case with attention, and are satisfied, that, upon ihe strictest analysis to 'which they may be properly subjected, there is no well founded objection to them.
It is true, after advising the jury in accordance with the prayer of the defendant below, that it was necessary for the plaintiff to establish the intermarriage at the time of the demise, in order to entitle him to the verdict, the court added, that the depositions given in evidence for this purpose should be favorably construed. But if we were to concede any thing exceptionable in this mcde of construing the depositions, the error was sufficiently explaired and corrected when the inquiry was made by the jury as to ihe force and effect to be given to the observation of the court. In effect, they were then told that the depositions, especially RawlE's, left the question at issue open for their consideration, dependng upon the weight to be given to the facts therein testified to, -nd upon which it was competent for them to find for the plaintiff; which, in judgment of law, was nothing more than the assertion of a right in the jury that had already been .virtually implied in he case from the' concession of both parties, that the question belonged to that tribunal to determine, according to their view of he evidence,
Ind~ed, instead of improperly interfering with the province of the jury, the court seems to have been particularly guarded against

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

127

Brandon v. Loftus et al.

leaving any undue impression upon their minds as to the weight and effect of the evidence from opinions that had fallen from it in the course of the trial. For, after referring to the view taken in their hearing on the motion for a monsuit, in which the court were oblig-
ed to express an opinion as to the tendency of the evidence on the depositions, the jury were expressly advised, that they were not bound by the construction given by the court, but could give such construction as, in their judgments, the facts would warrant.
Even if an opinion had been expressed, in the course- of'submitting the case, more pointedly, as to the bearing and tendency of the evidence, than is to be found in this case in the record, after the jury were advised, that they'were not intended as instructions, or to be binding upon them, -- that the question was one of fact and construction, which they must consider and determine for themselves, -
we are not aware of any ground of reason or authority upon which error'could be predicated for an interference with the rights of the
jury, but the contrary. The cases of Evans v. Eaton (7 Wheat. 426), and Carver v.
Jackson, ex Dem. of Astor and others (4 Peters, 80, 81), need only be referred to in confirmation of the position.
We are of opinion, therefore, that the judgment of the Circuit
Court should be affirmed.

GrxARD C., BRANDON, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. RALPH W. LoFTus
AxD FLOYD WHITEHEAD, DEFENDANTS.

Under the statutes of Mississippi, providing for the admission of the evidence of a notary public with regard to a protested note, directing the form ofproceeding
which the notary shall pursue, and providing further that justices of the peace may, in certain cases, perform the duties of notaries public, itwas proper to read in evidence the original paper of the acting notary, although the record was made out at a time subsequent to that when the protest was actually made.

THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit

Court of the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi.

It was an action brought by the indorsee against the indorser of

a promissory note, under the following circumstances.

On the 12th of December, 1838, the following note was exe-

cuted :-

Fort Atdams, December 12th, 1838. On the first day of-January, A. D. 1841, we jointly and severally

promise to pay Gerard C. Brandon, or order, the sum of two thou-

sand six hundred and sixty-seven dollars, value received, without

plea or offset, payable and negotiable at the Planters' Bank of the

State of Mississippi5 at Natchez.

(Signed,)

WILLIAM C. COLLINS,

JOHN C. COLLINS.

(Indorsed,) "Gerard C. Brandon," " Loftus & Whitehead."

SUPREME COURT.
Wilson v. Rousseau et al.
term. At the present term, a certificate was filed, with a proper titling, and, on motion of Mfr. 4ustis, the case was docketed and dismissed.
JAxns. G. WILSON. PLAINTIFF, v. LEwis ROUSSnIu AND CHARLES
EAsT N.
The eighteenth section of the patent act of 1836 authorized the extension of a patent, on the application of tie executor or administrator of a deceased patentee.
Such, an extension does not inure to the benefit of assignees under the orijinal patent, but to the benefit of the administrator (when granted to an administrator), in-his capacity as such. But those assignees who were in the use of the patented machine at the time of the renewal have still a right to use it.
The extension could be applied for and obtained by the administrator, although the original patentee had, n his lifetime, disposed of all his interest in the then existing patent. Such sale did not carry any thing beyond the term of the original patebt.
A covenant by the-patentee, made prior to the law authorizing extensions, that the covenantee should have the benefit of any improvement in the machinery, or alteration or renewal of the patent, did not include the extension by an administrator, under the act of 1836. It must be construed to includb only renewals bbtained upon the surrender of a patent on account of a defective specification. Parties to contracts look to established and general laws, and not to special acts of Conress.
A pjaintif therefore, who claims under an assignment from the administrator, can maintain a suit against a person who claims under the covenant
An assignee of an exclusive right to use two machines within a particular district !-.an maintain an action for an infringement ofthe patentwithin that district, even against the patentee.
Ithe case of Woodworth's planing-machine, the patent granted to the administrator was founded upon a sufficient specification and proper drawings, and is valid. The decision of the Board of Commissioners, to whom the question of renewal is referred, by the act of 1836, is not conclusive upon the question of their jurisdiction to act in a given case. The Commissioner of Patents can lawfully receive a surrender of letters patent for a defective specification, and issue new letters patent upon an amended specification, after the expiration of the term for which the orig,nal patent was granted, and pending the existence of an extended term of seven Tears. Such surrender and renewal m.y be made at any time during such extended term.
THis case, and the three subsequent ones, namely, Wilson v. Turner, Simpson et al. v. Wilson, and Woodworth & Bunn v. Wilson, were-argued together, being known as the patent cases.* Many of the points of law involved were common to them all, and those which were fully argued in the first case which came up were hut incidentally touched in the discussion of the subsequent cases.
* The reporter intended to publish the arguments of counsel in these patent cases in extenso, and with that view applied for and obtained from many of 'the c6unsel their arguments prepared by themselves; but circumstances beyond his control prevent hin from executing this purpose. He returns his thanks to those gentlemen who so kindly furnished him with their arguments, and regrets that his original design has been frustrated.

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

647

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

They all related to the rights which were derived under a patdt for a planing-machine, taken out by Woodworth, and renewed and
extended by his administrators. The validity of the original patent was questioned only in one case, namely, that which came from
Kentucky, which was the last argued. There were four cases in all, namely, one from New York, one from Maryland, one from Louisiana, and one from Kentucky. In the course of the argu-
ment, counsel referred indiscriminately to the four records, as some documents were in one which were not to be found in another.
The cases will be taken up and reported seriatim, and the doc-
uments which are cited in the first will not be repeated in the others.
The first in order was the case from New York, the titling of which is given at the head of this report.
It came up from the Circuit Court of the United States for the
Northern District of New York, on a certificate of division in opinion.
On the 26th of November, 1828, William Woodworth presented the following petition.

"To the Honorable Henry Clay, Secretary of State of the United States.
" The petition of William Woodworth, of the city of Hudson, in the county of Columbia and State of New York, respectfully represents :
"That your petitioner has invented a new and improved method of planing, tonguing, grooving, and cutting into mouldings, or either, plank, boards, or any other material, and for reducing the same to an equal width and thickness; and also for facing and dressing brick, and cutting mouldings on, or facing, metallic, mineral, or other substances, not knotvn or used before ifie application by him, the advantages of which he is desirous of securing to himself and his" legal representatives. He therefore prays that letters patent of the United States may be issued, granting unto your petitioner, his heirs, administrators, or assigns, the full and exclusive right of making, constructing, using, and vending to others to be used, his aforesaid new and improved method, agreeably to the acts of Congress in such case made and provided ; your petitioner having paid thirty dollars into the treasury of the United States, and complied with the other provisions of the said acts.
WILLIAM WOODWORTH. ".N'ovember 26th, 1828."
On the 4th of December, 1828, Woodworth executed to James Strong the following assignment.
" Whereas I, William Woodworth, of the city of Hudson, m the State of New York, heretofore, to wit, on the 13th day of

648

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

September, 1828, assigned and transferred, for a legal and valuable consideration, the one equal half of all my right, title, claim, and interest in and to the invention or improvement mentioned and intended in the foregoing peiition, oath, and specification, to James
Strong, of the city of Hudson. " And whereas, also, the subjoined assignment is intended only
to convey and assign the same interest transferred and assigned in the assignment of the 13th of September above mentioned, without any prejudice to my one equal half part of said invention or improvement, which is expressly reserved to myself and my legal
representatives. "Now, know all men, that I, the said William Woodworth, for
and, in consideration of the sum of ten dollars, and other valuable considerations me moving, have, and do hereby, for myself and legal representatives, give, assign, transfer, and assure to th. said James Strong and his legal representatives the one full and e. -1 half of all my right, title, interest, and claim in and to my new and improved method of planing, tonguing, grooving, and cutting into miuldings, either plank, boards, or any other material, and -for reducing the same to an equal width and thickness, and also for facing and dressing brick, and cutting mouldings on, or facing, metallic; minerQ, or other substances, mentioned and intended to be secured by the foregoing petition, oath, and specification, together with all the privileges and immunities, as fully and absolutely as I do or shall enjoy or possess the same ; to have and to hold and enjoy the same, to the said James Strong, and his legal representa-
tives, do or may. "In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal, the
4th day of December, 1828.
" Witnesses : WILLIAM WOODWORTH. [SEAL.]

HENRY EVERTS, DAVID GLEASON."
On the 6th of December, 1828, Woodworth took the following

oath.

"State of .Y'ew York, Rensselaer County, so.:
"On this sixth day of December, A. D. 1828, before the subscriber, a justice of the peace in and for the cnunty of Rensselaer aforesaid, personally appeared the aforesaid William Woodworth, and made solemn oath, according to law, that he verily believes himself to be the true and original inventer of the new and improved method, above described and specified, for planing, tonguing, grooving, and cutting into mouldings, or either, plank, boards, or any other material, and for reducing the same to an equal width and thickness ; and also for facing and dressing brick,

JANUARY TERM,. 1846.

649

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

and cutting-mouldings on, or facing, metallic, mineral, or other substances ; and that he is a citizen of the United States.
JOHN THOMAS, Justice of thi Peace."
The above documents appear to be recorded in the third volume of Transfers of Patent Rights, pages 155, 156, in the patentoffice of: the United States.
On the 27th of December, 1828, a patent was issued as follows.

"Letters Patent to WY.Woodworth.

"The United States of America to all to whom these letters

pat ent shall come :

"6Whereas William Woodworth, a citizen of the United States,

bath alleged that he has invented a new and useful improvement in

the method of planing, tonguing, grooving, and cutting into mould-

ings, or either, plank, boards, or any other material, and for re-

ducing. the same to an- equal width and thickness ; and also for

facing and dressing brick, and cutting mouldings on, or facing, me-

tallic, mineral, or other substances, which improvements, he states,

have not been known or used before his application ; hath made

oath that he does verily believe that he is the true inventer or dis-

coverer of the said improvement.; bath paid into -the treasury of

the United States the sum of thirty dollars, delivered a receipt for

the same, and presented a petition to the Secretary of State, signi-

fying a desire of obtaining an exclusive property in the said im--

provements, and praying that a ,patent may be granted for that pur-

pose. These are, therefore, to grant, according to law, to the said

William Woodworth, his heirs, administrators, or assigns, for the

term of fourteen years from the 27th of December, 1828, the- full

and exclusive right and liberty of making, constructing, using, and

vending to others to be used, the said improvement,-a description'

whereof is given in the words of the said William Woodworth.

himself, in the schedule hcreto annexed, and is made a part of

these presenti.

"In testimony -whereof, I have caused these letters to be made

patent, and the seal of the United States to be hereunto

affixed. Given under my band, at the city of Washing-

[ . s.] ton, this 27th day of December, in the year of our Lord

1828, and of the independence of the United States of

America, the fifty-third.

(Signed,)

J. Q. ADAMS,

"By the President. (Signed,) H. CLAY, Secretary of State."

Certificateof Wm. Wirt, Afttorney- General of the United States..

cc City of Washington, to wtit:

III do hereby certify, that the foregoing letters patent were -e-

VOL. IV.

82

c3

6SUPREME

COURT.
Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

livered to me on the 27th day of December, in the year of our Lord 1828, to be examined; that I have examined the same, and find them conformable to law ; and I do hereby return the same to the Secretary'of State, within fifteen days froffi the date aforesaid, to wit, on this 27th day of December, in the year aforesaid.
WM. WIRT,
aIttorney-Generalof the United State8."
Schedule.
rt ine schedule referred to in these letters patent, and making part of the same, containing a description, in the words of the said William Woodworth himself, of his improvement in the method of planing, tonguing, grooving, and cutting into mouldings, or either, plank, boards, or any other material, and for reducing the same to an equal width and thickness ; and also for fa.ng and dressing brick, and cutting mouldings on, or facing, metallic, mmeral, or other substances.
" The plank, boards, or other material, being reduced to a width by circular saws or friction-wheels, as the case may be, is then placed on a carriage, resting on a platform, with a rotary cutting-wheel in the centre, either horizontal or vertical. The heads or circular plates, fixed to an axis, may have one of the heads movable, to accommodate any length of knife required. The knife fitted to the head with screws or bolts, or the knives or cutters for moulding fitted by screws or bolts to logs, connecting the heads of the cylinder, and forming with the edges of the knives or cutters a cylinder. The knives may be placed in a line with the axis of the cylinder, or diagonally. The plank, or other material
resting on the carriage, m'y be set so as to reduce it to any thickness required; and the carriage, moving by a rack and pinion, or rollers, or any lateral motion, to the edge of the knives or cutters on the periphery of the cylinder or wheel, reduces it to any given thickness. After passing the planing and reducing wheel, it then approaches, if required, two revolving cutter-wheels, one for cutting the groove, and the other for cutting the rabbets that form the
tongue ; one wheel is placed directly over the other, and the lateral motion moving the plank, or other material, between the grooving and rabbeting. wheels, so that one edge has a groove cut the whole length, and the other edge a rabbet cut on each side, leaving
a tongue to match the groove. The grooving-wheel is a circular plate fixed on an axis, with a number of cutters attached to it to project beyond the periphery of the plate, so that when put in motion it will perform a deep cut or groove, parallel with the face of the plank or other material. The rabbeting-wheel, also of similar form, having a number of cutters on each side of the plate, projecting like those on the grooving-wheel, cuts the rabbet on the side of the edge of the, plank, and leaves the tongue or match for the

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

651

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

groove. By placing the planing-wheel axis and cutter-knives vertical, the same wheel will plane two planks or other material in the same time of one, by moving the plank or other material opposite ways, and parallel with each other against the periphery of the planing or moulding wheel. The groove and tongue may be cut m the plank or other material at the same time, by adding a grooving and rabbeting wheel.
" Said William Woodworth does not claim the, invention of circular saws or cutter-wheels, knowing they have long been in use ; but he claims as his invention the improvement and application of cutter or planing wheels to planing boards, plank, timber, or other inaterial ; also his improved method of cutters for grooving and tonguing, and cutting mouldings on wood, stone, iron, metal, or other material, and also for facing and dressing brick ; as all the wheels may be used single and separately for moulding, or any other purpose before indicated. He also claims, as his improved method, the application of circular saws for reducing floorplank, and other materials, to a width.
"Dated Troy, December 4th, 1828. WILLIAM WOODWORTH,
HENRY EVERTS, Witnesses." D. S. GLEASON, i
On the 25th of April, 1829, one Uri Emmons obtained a patent for a new and useful improvement in the mode of planing floorplank, nd grooving, and tonguing, and straightening the edges of the same, planing boards, straightening and planing square timber, &c., by machinery, at one operation, called the cylindrical planingmachine. The said letters patent, and specification attached thereto, being in the following words and figures.
Uri Emmrons's Patent.
"United States of America to all to whom these letters patent shall come:
"Whereas, Uri Emmons, a citizen of the United States, bath alleged that he has invented a new and useful improvement in the mode of planing floor-plank and grooving and tonguing the edges of the same, planing boards, straightening and plining square timber, &c., by machinery, at one operation!, called ' the cylindrical planing-machinel' which improvement he states has not been known or used before his application, hath made oath that he does verily believe that he is the true inventer or discoverer of the said improvement, hath paid ihto the treasury of the United States the sum of thirty dollars, delivered a receipt for the same, and presented a petition to the Secretary of State, signifying a desire of obtaining an exclusive property in the said, improvement, and praying that a patent may be granted for that purpose. Thqse are therefore to grant, according to law, to the said Uri Emmons, his

652

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et a).

heirs, administrators, or assigns, for the term of fourteen years

qpm the twenty-fifth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and

- twenty-nine, the full and exclusive right and liberty of making,

constructing, using, and vending to others to be used, the said im-

provement, a description whereof is given, in the words of the said

Uri Emmons himself, in schedule hereto annexed, and is made a

part of these presents.

"In testimony whereof, I have caused these letters to be made

patent, and the seal of the United States to be hereunto affixed.

"Given under my hand, at the city of Washington, ;his twenty-

fifth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hun-

dred and twenty-nine, and of the independence of the United

States of America the fifty-third.

[SEAL.]

(Signed,)

ANDREW JACKSON.

"By the President.

(Signed,)

M. VAN BUREN."

City of Washington, to wit: -

"I do hereby certify that the foregoing letters patent were deliv-

ered to me on the twenty-fifth dqy of April, in the year of our

Lord one thousand eight hundred 'and twenty-nine, to be examin-

ed ; that I have examined the same, and find them conformable to

law ; and I do hereby return the same to the Secretary of State,

within fifteen days from the date aforesaid, to wit, on the twenty-

fifth day of April in the year aforesaid.

(Signed,)

J. MACPHERSON BERRIEN,

,ittorney- General of the- United States."

Schedule.
"The schedule referred to in these letters patent, and making part of the same, containing a description, in the words of the said Uri Emmons himself, of his improvement in the mode of planing floor-plank, and grooving, and tonguing, and straightening the edges of the same, planing boards, straightening and planing square timber, &c., by machinery, at one operation, called the cylindrical planing-machine.
"The machinery for the improvement consists,
"1st. Of a frame of wood or metal. "2d. Of the gear and fixtures. combined and connected together for the above-named operation, the principle of which consists inrunning tho plank, boards, or t;mber over, under, or at the sides of a cylinder of wood or metal, on which knives are placed, straight or spiral, with their edges exactly corresponding with each other, having from two to twelve knives or edges ; also burrs or saws, similar to those used for cutting teeth in bra:s wheels, to groove and tongue the edge of the boards or plank as they pass through between rollers, or on a carriage, by the surface of the cylinder.

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

653

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

The shape, form, and construction of the above principle may be varied in shape and position, dimensions, &c., still the same in substance, - the same principle producing the same effect. I have, by experimental operation, found that the following mode in form is the best :-
"1 st. A frame composed of two .pieces of timber, from twelve to eighteen feet long, about six by ten inches broad, placed about fifteen inches apart, framed together with four girths, one at each end, and at equal distances from the centre, and flush with the under side. This frame is supported by posts of a proper length, framed into the under side of the above pieces of tiiber, and braced so as to be of sufficient strength to maintain the operative posts. There is placed a roller in the centre, of metal or hard
wood, across the frame, the surface of the roller being even with the surface of the frame ; directly above, and parallel with this roller, is hung the cylinder, with two or four spiral edges or knives,
six to ten. inches diameter, and hung on a cast-steel arbor, resting'in movable boxes attached to the sides of the frame, so as to
set the cylinder up and down from the roller, to give the thickness of the timber to be planed. On each side of the cylindei is plact.
ed a pair of feeding-rollers, of hard wood or metal, the under one of each pair being level with the centre one. The upper ones are hung in boxes, which are pressed down with springs or weights, so
that when the timber comes between them, they will hug and carry
it through. These rollers are connected and turned by wheels, at a velocity of about twelve feet surface of the roller per minute. The cylinder with two edges to make about two thousand five hundred revolutions per minute, cutting five thousand -strokes every twelve feet ; this can be varied according to the number of edges, power, and velocity of the different parts. The power is attached to the cylinder by a bolt running on a pulley, on the outward end of the cylinder shaft. -Each way from the feeding-rollers is plac-
ed rollers about two feet apart for the timber to rest on while running through. On one side of the frame is fastened a straight edge, to serve as a guide, lined with metal ; on. the other side,
rollers are placed in a piece of timber, which is pressed up to the plank or board to keep it close to the guide or straight edge by a spring. The grooving and tonguing is don& by burrs or circular
cutters similar to a saw; these burrs are hung on perpendicular spindles, the arbors of which rest in boxes attached to the inward side of the frame, a burr on one side to cut the groove, and on the other is placed two burrs, just as far apart as the thickness of the above one, for cutting the groove. At or near one end of the frame is hung a shaft, with a drum or roller, from which belts pass over to pulleys on each spindle of. the burrs or circular cutters,
which must have about the same velocity of the cylinder. These burrs are placed on one side of the cylinder, opposite to each
c 3*

654

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

other, so as to cut the tongue to match the groove; on the other

side of the cylinder is an arbor parallel with the cylinder, on

which is placed circular cutters for planing the edges of the board

or plank as they pass through. The cutter on the side next to

the guide is stationary on the arbor ; the opposite one is movable

in the arbor, but fastened with screws to set it for different

widths. A belt runs from a pulley on the end of the arbor, out-

side the frame, to the said drum, as also the same from the cylin-

der, each having about the same motion. The feeding-rollers are

put ini motion by a belt from the slow -part of the driving power.

I have also put in operation a carriage for feeding, but rollers save

the time of running the carriage back.

"Now, what I, the said Uri Emmons) consider and claim as

my improvement, and for which I solicit a patent, is as follows,

namely -

"1st. The principle of planing boards and plank with a rotary

motion, with knives or edges on a cylinder, placed upon the same,

straight or -spiral, as before described, which I put in operation at'

'Syracuse, in the county of Onondaga, in the State of New York,

in the early part of the year. 1824.

"2d. The burrs for grooving and tonguing, in contradistinction

from the mode used by William Woodwoith, he Using the duck-

bill cutters.

"3d. The feeding, by'running the timber through on a carriage,

or between feeding-rollers, guided by a straight edge, as before

described.

1"In testimony that the aforegoing is a true specification of my

said improvement, as before described, I have hereunto set my

hand and seal, the eighth day of April, in the year of our Lord

one thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

(Signed,) " Witnesses, - THos. THOMAS.

URI EMMONS.

SIL.As HATHAWAY."

On the 16th of May, 1829, the said Emmons sold his entire interest in the last-mentioned patent to -Daniel H. Toogood, Daniel Halstead, and William Tyack, by the following instrument: -
Deed from Emmons to Toogood, Halstead, and Tyack.
"Whereas Uri Emmons, of the State of New York, machinist,
has received letters patent of the United States of America, dated April 25th, one thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, [for].the full and exclusive right and liberty of making, constructing, using, and 'Vending to others to be used, a new and useful improvement in the mode of planing floor-plank, and grooving and tonguing, and straightening the edges of the same, planing boards, straightening and planing square timber, &c., by machinery, at one 'operation, called the cylindrical planing-machine.

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

655

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

"Now, know all men by these presents, 4hat I,*Uri Emmons, of the city of New York, in consideration of five dollars, to me in hand paid by Daniel H. Toogood, Daniel Halstead, and William Tyack, all of said city of New York, who fully viewed and considered the said improvement, and the said patent and specifications therein contained, have granted, sold, and- conveyed, and by these presents do grant, sell, and convey .to the said Daniel H. Toogood, Daniel Halstead, and William Tyack, their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, the full and exclusive right and liberty -derived from the said patent, of making, using, and vending to others to be made, used, and sold, the said improvement, within and 'throughout the United States of America.. To have and to
hold and enjoy all the privileges and benefits which may in any way arise from the said improvement by virtue of said letters patent. And I do hereby empower the said .Daniel H. Toogood,
Daniel Halstead, and William Tyack, their heirs, ?xecutors, administrators, and assigns, to commence and prosecute to final judgment and execution, at their own cost, any suit or suits against any person or persons who shall make, use, or vend the said improvement,
contrary to the intent of the said letters patent and law in such case made and provided, and to receive, for their own ben'efit, the avails thereof, in such manner as I might do.
" In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my -hand and seal; this sixteenth day of May, in the year of bur Lord one thousand
eight hundred and twenty-nine. TJRT EMMONS. [SEAL.]

"Witnesses,-

THOMAs AP THOMAS.
ALEX. DEDDER."

" City and County of .New York, ss.: " Be it remembered, that on the sixteenth day of May, in the
year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, before me, personally appeared Uri Emmons, knc 'Vn to me to be the person described in, and. who executed, the within deed, and acknowledged that he executed the -same for the purposes therein mentioned ; and there being no mat&rial alterations, erasures, or interlineations, I allow the same to be recorded.
THOMAS THOMAS, Commissioner, 4.c."

On the 28th of November, 1829, the following mutual deed of assignment was executed between Woodworth and Strong, on the one part, and Toogood, Halstead, Tyack, and Emmons, on the otlier part, by which Woodworth and Strong convey to Toogood,
Halstead, and Tyack all their interest in the patent of December 27th, 1828, in the folloving places, namely: - In the city and county of Albany, in the State of New York ; in the State of Marylan'd, except the western part which lies west of the Blue Ridge ; in Tennessee, Alabama, South Carolina, Georgia, the Floridas,

656

SUPREME -COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

Louisiana, Missouri, and the territory west of the Mississippi ; and Toogood, Halstead, Tyack, and Emmons conveyed to Strong and Woodworth all their interest in Emmons's patent of 25th April,
1829, for the rest and residue of the United States ; by which mutual deed of assignment the parties agreed, that any improvement in the machinery, or alteration, or renewal of either patent, such improvement, alteration, or renewal should accrue to the benefit of the respective parties in interest, and might be applied and used within their respective districts.
.4futual Deed between Woodworth, Strong, Toogood,-H-adstead,
Tyack, and Emmons.
"Know all men by these presents, that William Woodworth, now of the city of New York, the patentee of an improved method of planing, tonguing. grooving, &c., &c., plank, boards, &c., by letters patent from the United States, dated December 29th, 1828, and James Strong, of the city of Hudson, in the State of New York, the assignee of one equal half of the rights and interests 'secured by the aforesaid letters patent, of the one part, and Uri Emmons, of the city of New York, the patentee of an improvement in the mode of planing floor-plank, and grooving, tonguing, and straightening the edges of the same, &c., by letters patent from the United States, dated April 25th, 1829, and Daniel H. Toogood, Daniel Halstead, and William Tyack, of the city of New York, the assignees, by deed dated the 16th day of May, 1829, of all the rights and interest secured by the last aforesaid patent to said Emmons, of the other part, in consideration of the
following covenants -and agreements, do hereby covenant and agree as follows :- "First. The said Woodworth and Strong, and their assigns, have, and hereby do assign to the said Toogood, Halstead, and Tyack, and their assigns, all their right and interest in the aforesaid patent to William Woodworth, to be sold and used, and the plank or other materials prepared thereby to be vended and used, in the following places, namely :- In the city and county of Albany, in the State of New York; in the State of Maryland, except the western part thereof which lies west of the Blue Ridge ; in Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama, South Carolina- Georgia, the Floridas, Louisiana, and the territory west -of the River Mississippi, and not in any other State or place wiihin the limits of the United States or the Territories thereof. To have and to hold the. rights and privileges hereby granted to them and their assigns for and during the term of fourteen years from the date of the patent ; and they are also authorized to prosecute, at their own costs and charges, any violation of the said patent, in the same manner as the patentee, Woodworth, might lawfully do.
" Secondly. The said Emmons, Toogood, Halstead, and Tyack,

JAXU.ARY TERM, 1846.

657

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

in consideration aforesaid, have, and hereby do covenant and agree

to assign, and do assign, for themselvesand assigns, to the said

Woodworth and Strong and their assigns, all their right and interest

in the aforesaid patent granted to the said Uri Emmons, to be sold

and used, and the plank or other material prepared thereby to be

vended and used, in all and singular the rest and residue of the United

States, and the Territories thereof, that is to say, in all places other

than in those especially assigned to the said Toogood, Halstead,

aid Tyack, as aforesaid. To have and to hold the said rights and

privileges hereby granted to them and their assigns for and during

the term of fourteen years from the date of the said letters patent

to the said Uri Emmons ; and they are also authorized to prose-

cutp, at their own costs and charges, any violation of the said

patent, in the same manner as the patentee, Uri Emmons, might

lawfully do.

" Thirdly. And the two parties further agree, that any improve-

ment in the machinery, or alteration, or renewal of either patent,

such alteration, improvement, or renewal shall accrue" to the bene-

fit of the reyIective parties in interest, and may be applied and

used within their respective districts as hereinbefore designated.

"1Witness our hands and seals, at the city of New York, the

28th of November, 1829.

WILLIAM WOODWORTH. [sEAL.]

JAMES STRONG.

[SEAL.]

WILLIAM TYACK,

[SEAL.]

D. H. TOOGOOD.

[SEAL.]

DANIEL HALSTEAD.

[SEAL.]

URI EMMONS.

[SEAL.]

" Sealed and delivered, in presence of THOMAS AP THOMIAS,
"Witness to the signing of Toogood, Tyacky Halstead, and Emmons."

Under this mutual assignment, the respective parties and their

assignees would possess the following rights, namely :-f they claim-

ed under Woodworth's patent, to use the same for fourteen years

from the 29th of December, 1828, that is to say, until the 29th of

December, 1842; and if they claimed under Emmons's patent,

to use the same for fourteen years from the.25th of April, 1829,

that is to say, until the 25th of April, 1843.

On one or the other of these days, therefore, if things had re-

mained in the same condition, all rights either in the patentees or

their assignees would have ceased, as far as respected an exclusive

use of the thing patented.

In 1836, Congress passed an act from which the following is an

extract, and the construction of which was the chief controversy.

(Act approved 4th July, 1836, ch. :357, 5 Lit. & Brown's ed. 117,

VOL. IV.

83

658

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et a].

§ 18.) "And be it further enacted, that whenever any patentee of an invention or discovery shall desire an extension of his patent beF yond the term of its limitation, he may make application therefor, ih writing, to the Commissioner of the Patent-office, setting fprth the grounds thereof; and the Commissioner shal, on the applicant's paying the sum of forty dollars to the credit of the treasury, as in the case of an original application for a patent, cause to be published in one or more of the principal newspapers in the city of" Washington, and in such other paper or papers as he may deem proper, published in the section of country most interested adversely to the extension of the patent, a notice of such application,
and of the time and place when and where the same will be considered, that any person may appear and show cause why the extension should not be granted. And the Secretary of State, the Commissioner of the Patent-office, and the Solicitor of the Treasury shall constitute a board to hear and decide upon the evidence produced before them, both for and against the extension, and shall sit for that purpose at the time and place designated in the published notice thereof. The patentee shall furnish t6 the said board a statement in writing, under oath, of the ascertained value of the invention, and of his receipts and expenditures, sufficiently in detail to exhibit a true and faithful account of loss and profit in any manner accruing to him from and by reason of said invention. And if,. upon a hearing of the matter, it shall appear to the full and entire satisfaction of said board, having due regard to the public interest therein, that it is just and proper that the term of the patent should be extended, by reason of the patentee, without neglect or fault upon his part, having failed to obto.in, from the use and sale of his invention, a reasonable remuner',ion for the time, ingenuity, and
expense bestowed upon the same, and the introduction thereof into use, it shall be the duty of the Commissioner to renew and extend the patent, by making a certificate thereon of such extension, for the term of seven years from and after the expiration of the term ; which certificate, with a certificate of said board of their judgment and opinion as aforesaid, shall be entered on record in the patent-office ; and thereupon the said patent shall have the same effect in law as though it had been originally granted for the term of twenty-one years. And the benefit of such renewal shall extend to assignees and grantees of the right to use the thing patented, to the extent of their respective interest therein. Provided, however, that no extension of a patent shall be granted after the expiration
of the term for which it was originally issued." On the 3d of February, 1839; William Woodworth, the patentee,
died ; and on the 14th of February, 1$39, William W. Woodworth took out letters of administration upon his estate, in the oounty of
New York. In 1842, William W. Woodworth, the administrator, applied for

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

659

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

an extension of the patent under the above-recited act of 1836, and on the 16th of November, 1842, the board issued the following cer-
tificate.

" In the matter of the application of William W. Woodworth, administrator on the estate of William Woodworth, deceased, in writing to the Commissioner of Patents for the extension of the patent for a new and useful improvement in the method of planing, tonguing, and grooving, and cutting into mouldings, or either, plank, boards, or any other material, and for reducing the same to an equal width and thickness ; and also for facing and dressing brick, and cutting mouldings on, or facing, metallic, mineral, or othpr substances, granted to the -said William Woodworth, deceased, "n the 27th day of December, 1828, for fourteen years from said 27th
day of December. "The applicant having paid into the treasury the sum of forty
dollars, and having furnished to the undersigned a statement in writing, under oath, of the ascertained value of the invention, and of the receipt and expenditures thereon, sufficientl in detail to ,exhibit a true and faithful account of loss and profits in any manner accruing to said patentee frota or by reason of said invention ; and notice of application having been given by the Commissioner of Patents, according to law, said board met at the time and place appointed, namely, at the patent-office, on the 1st September, -1842, and their meetings having been continued by regular adjournments until this 16th day of November, 1842, they, on that day, heard the evidence produced before them, both for and against the extension of said patent, and do now certify, that, upon hearing of the matter, it appears to their full and entire satisfaction, having due regard to the public interest therein, that it is just and proper that the term of said patent should be extended, by reason of the patentee, without neglect on his part, having failed tQ obtain from the use and sale of his invention a reasonable remuneration for the time, ingenuity, and expense bestowed upon the same, and the introduction thereof into use.
"Washington city, Patent-office, November 16th, 1842.
DANIEL WEBSTER,
Secretaryof State. CHAS. B. PENROSE,
Solicitor of the Treasury.
HENRY L. ELLSWORTH, Commissionerof Patents.'
And on the same day the Commissioner of Patents issued the fol-
lowing certificate.

"Whereas, upon: the petition of William W. Woodworth, dministrator of the estate of William Woodworth, deceased, for an

66W

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et aI.

extension of the within patent, granted to William Woodworth, deceased, on the 27th day of December; 1828. The Board of Commissioners, under the eighteenth section of the act of Congress approved the 4th day of July, 1836, entitled an act to promote the progress of useful arts, to repeal all acts and parts of acts heretofore made for that purpose, did, on the 16th day of November, 1842, certify that the said patent ought to he extended.
"Now, therefore, I, Henry- L. Ellsworth, commissioner of patents, by virtue of the power vested in me by said eighteenth section, do renew and "extend said patent, and certify that the same is hereby ektended for the term of seven years from and after the expiration of the first term, namely, the 27th day of December, 1842, which certificate of said Board of Commissioners, together with this certificate of the Commissioner of Patents, having been duly entered of record in the patent-office, the said patent now has the same effect in law as though the term had been originally granted for-the term of twenty-one years.
" In testimony whereof, I have caused the seal of the [sEAL.] patent-office to be hereunto affixed, this 16th day of
November, 1842. HENRY L. ELLSW RTH; Commissioner of Patents."
On, the 2d of January, 1843, William W. Woodworth, the ad-
ministrator, filed the following disclaimer.
" To all men to whom these presents shall come, I, William W. Woodworth, of Hyde Park, in the county of Duchess and State of New York, Esq., as I am administrator of the goods and estate which were of William Woodworth, deceased, hereinafter named, send greeting :
"Whereas letters patent, bearing date on the twenty-seventh
day of December, in the year of our Lord eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, were granted by the United States to William Woodworth, now deceased, for'An improvement in the method of planing, tonguing, grooving, and cutting into mouldings, or either, boards, plank, or any other material, and for reducing the same to an equal
width and thickness ; aid also for facing and dressing brick, and cutting mouldings on, or facing, metallic, mineral, or other gubstances. And whereas, before the term of fourteen years, for which the said letters patent were granted, had fully expired, such proceedings were had that, pursuant to the act of Congress in such case made and provided, the said letters patent were renewed or extended for the term of seven years from and after the expiration of the said term of fourteen years, and to the certificate granting the said extension and renewal unto me in my said capacity, bearing date on the sixteenth day of November now last past, and which is duly re-' corded according 'to act of Congress in that behalf, reference is

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

661

Wilson v. Rousseau et aL

hereby made, as showing my title and interest -in aid to the said

letters patent.

"And whereas the said William Woodworth, through inadver-

tence, accident, or mistake in his application for letters patent,

made his specification of claim toobroad, in this, namely, that he,

the said William Woodworth, claimed as his improved method the

application of circular saws for reducing floor-plank and other ma-

terial to width, of which he was not the original and first inventer.

And whereas some material and substantial part of the said pa-

tented thing was justly and truly the invention and improvement of

the said William Woodworth.

1 Now therefore know ye, that I, the said William Woodworth,

in my capacity aforesaid, and as the person to whom the said cer-

tificate was granted as aforesaid, have disclaimed, and do by these

presents, for myself, and for all claiming'under me,,dischim, all and

any exclusive right, title, property, or interest of, in, or to the ap-

plication of circular saws for reducing floor-plank or other mate-

rials t6 a width, by reason of the aforesaid letters patent, and the

aforesaid renewal or extension thereof.

" In testimony whereof, I have heret6, in my capacityaforesaid,

set my band and seal, on this second day of January, in the year-

eighteen hundred and forty-three.

WILLIAM W. WOODWORTH,

SM "

.idministratorof W. Woodworth, deceased.

"Executed ixf presence of

CHAs. W. EMESN. B. R. CURTIS."

In March, 1843, Woodworth, the administrator, made an assignment of his patent rights in some of the States to .James G. Wilson, the plaintiff. At what time the assignment wa& made for New York, the record in that case did not state, but it was one of the admitted facts that he was the grantee. The assignment first referred to was recorded in the patent-office in Liber 4, ptt. 291, 292, on the 20th of March, 1843.
On the 9th of August, 1843, the administrator assignedr his right to Wilson, in and for the State of Maryland.
On the 26th of February, 1845, Congress passed the following
act.

"An Act to extend a Patent heretofore granted to Wflii~m.Wood. wortlL

"Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives'of

the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the

patent granted to William Woodworth on the twenty-seventh day

of December, in the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty

eight, for his improvement on the method of planing, tonguing,

grooving, and cutting into mouldings, or either, plank, boards, or

VOL. IV.

D 3

62

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et aL

any other material, and for reducing the same to an equal width and thickness ; and also for facing and dressing brick, and cutting mouldings on and facing several other substances, a description of which is given in a schedule annexed to the letters patent granted as aforesaid, be, and the same is, hereby extended for the term of seven years from and after the 27th day of December in the year one thodsand eight hundred and forty-nine ; and the Commissioner of Patenots is hereby directed to make a certificate of such extension inthe name of the administrator of the said William Woodworth, and to append an authenticated copy thereof to the original letters patent, whenever the same shall be requested by the said administrator or his assigns.
"Approved February 26, 1845.
"A true copy from the roll of this office. R. K.,CRALLE, Chief Clerk.
" Department of State, March 3, 1845."
And on the 3d of March, 1845, the following certificate was issued.
In conformity, therefore, with the directions in the said act
contained, I, Henry L. Ellsworth, Commissioner of Patents, do hereby certify, that the patent therein described is,-by the said act, extended to William W. Woodworth, administrator of said WilDam: Woodworth, for the term of seven years from and after the twenty-seventh day of December in the year one thgusand eight hundred and forty-ine ; and this certificate of sueh extension is made on the original letters patent, on the application of William W. Woodworth, the administrator of the said William Woodworth.
6 In testimony whereof, I have caused the seal of the patent[L. s.j office to be &retinto affixed, this 3d day of March, 1845.
HENRY L. ELLSWORTH,
Commissioner of Patents." On the 8th "bf°3 iiy, '1845; a niew" patent was issued, with an amended specification,. as followst-
"The United States of America to all to whom these letters patent shall come :
"'Whereas, William W. Woodworth, administrator of William Woodworth, deceased, of Hyde Park, N. Y., has allegvd that said William Woodworth invented a new and useful imprrvement in machines for planing, tonging, and grooving, and dressing boards, &., for which, letters patent were granted, dated the 27th. day of )ecember, 182.?, which letters patent have been extended (as will appear by the certificates appended thereto, copies of which ar hereunto ata~ched) for fourteen years from the expiration of si ltters patent; and which letters patent are hereby cancelled on

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

663

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

account of a defective specification, which he states has not been known or used before said William Woodworth's application ; has made oath that he is, and that said William Woodworth was, a citizen of the United States ; that he does verily believe that said
William Woodworth was the original and first inventer or discoverer of the said improvement, and that the- same hath not, to the
best of his knowledge and belif been previously known or used; has paid into the treasury of the United States the sium of fifteen dollars, and presented a petition to the Commissioner. of Patents
signifying a desire of obtaining an exclusive property in the said improvement, and praying that a patent may be granted for that

purpose. " These are therefore to grant, according to law, to the said
William W. Woodworth, in trust for the heirs at law of said W. Woodworth, their heirs, administrators, or assigns, for the term of twentyeight years from the. twenty-seventh day of December, one
thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight,' the full and exclusive
right and liberty of making, constructing, using, and vending to others to be used, the said improvement, a-description whereof is given in the words of the said William W. Woodworth, in the ch~dule hereunto annexed, and is made part of these

presents.

" In testimony whereof, I have caused these letters to be -made [.; .] patent, and the seal of the patent-office has been here-
unto affixed. "Given under my hand, at the city of Washington, this eighth
day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and of the independence of the United States of

America the seventieth.

JAMES BUCHANAN, Secretary of Statd."

"Countersigned, and sbaled with the seal of the patent-office. HENRY H. SYLVESTER, .Acting Com'r of Patents."

"4The schedule referred to in these letters' patent, and making part of the same :-
" To all whom it may concern :-Be it known, that the following is a full, clear, and exact description of the method of planing,
tonguing, and grooving plank or boards, invented by William Woodworth, deceased, and for which letters patent of the United States were granted to him on the 27th day of December, in the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight; the said letters patent having been surrendered for the purpose of describing the same invention, and pointing out inwhat it consists, in more clear, full, and exact terms than was done in the original specification.

OR

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

".0mended Specification.
"The plank or boards which are to be planed, tongued, or grooved are first to be reduced to a width by means of circular saws, by reducing-wheels, or by any other means. When circular
saws are used for this purpose, two such saws should be placed upon the same shaft, on which they are to be capable of adjust-
inent, so that they may be made io stand at any required distance apart ; under these the board or plank is to be forced forward, and brou~ht to the width required; this apparatui and process do not xequire to be further explained, they being well understood by mechanicians.
" When what has been above denominated reducing-wheels are used, these are to consist of revolving cutter-vbeels, which resem-
ble in their construction and action the planing and reducing wheel to be presently described ; these are to be made adjustable like the circular saws, but the latter are preferred for this purpose. The plank may be reduced to a width on a separate-.machine.
" When the plank or boards'have been thus prepared (on a separate machine), they may be placed on or against a suitable carriage, resting on a frame or platform, so as to be acted upon by a rotary cutting or planing and reducing wheel; which wheel may be made to revolve eithor horizontally or vertically, as may be pieferred. The carriage which sustains the plank or board to be operated upon may be moved forwards by means of a rack and
pinion, by an endless chain or band, by geared friction-rollers, or by any of the devices well known to machinists for advancing a carriage or materials to be acted upon in machines for various purposes. The plank or board is to be moved on towards the cutting edges of the cutters or knives, on the planing-cylinder, so that its knives dr cutters, as they revolve, may meet and cut the plank or board in a direction contrary to That in which it is made to advance ; the edges, of the cutters are, in this method, prevented
from coming first into contact with its surface, and are made to cut .upwards from the reduced part of the plank towards said surface, by which means their edges are *protected from injury by gritty matter, and the board or plank is more evenly and better planed .than when moved in the reversed direction;
"After the board or plank passes the planing-cylinder, and as soon, or fast, as the planing-cylinder has done its work on any part of the board or plank,- the edges. are brought into contact with two
xevolving cutter-wheels, -one of which wheels is ad4pted to the cutting of the groove, and the other to the cutting of the two re.bates that form the tongue. When the axis of the planidg and xeducing wheel stands vertically, the grooving and tonguing wheels are placed one alsove the other, with the plank edgewise between

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

them; when the axis of the planing-wheel stands horizontally,

these wheels are on the same horizontal plane with each other,

standing on perpendicular spindles.

"The grooving-wheel consists of a circular plate fixed on an axis, and having one, two, three, four, or mor' cutters, which-are

to be screwed, bolted, or otherwise, attached to it, the edges of

which cutters -project beyond the periphery of the plate to such

distance as is required for the depth of the groove; their thickness may be such as is necessary for its width ; the z are; of course, so

situated as to cut the groove in 'the middle ;r the edge of the

board, or as nearly so as mayb e required. The tonguing-wheel

is similar in form to the grooving-wheel, but it has cutters on each

of its sides, or otherwise, so formed and arranged as to cut the

two rebates which are necessary to the formation of the tongue.

"'The grooving and tonguing cutters, at the same time and by

the same operation, reduce the board or plank to an exact width

throughout. When the axis of the planing-wheelis placed vertic

cally, the knives or cutters may be made to plane two planks at

the same time ; the planks being in this case moved in contrary.

directions, and so as to meet the edges of the revolving knives or

cutters. When the machine is thus constructed, a second pair of

grooving and tonguing wheels may be made to 'operate in the

same way with those above described. A machine to operate

upon a single plank or board, and having the axis of the planing-

wheel placed horizontally, will however be more simple and less

expensive than that intended to operate on two planks simultane-

ously.

"In the accompanying drawing, fig. 1 is a perspective repre-

sentation of the principal operating parts of the machine when ar-

ranged and combined for planing, tonguing, and grooving; and

when so arranged as to be capable of planing two -lanks at the

same time, the axis of the planing-wheel being placed vertically.

A A is a stout substantial Trame of the machine, which may be of wood or of iron, and may be varied in length, size, and strength,

according to the -work to be done. B B are the heads of the

planing-cylinder, and C C, the knives or cutters, which extend from

one to the other of Said heads, to the peripheries of which they

may be attached byZ.means of screws. The knives C C, with

the faces forming a planing angle, may be placed in a line with the.

axis, J, bf the cylinder, or they may stand obliquely thereto, as

may be preferred ; but in the latter case the edge should form the

segment or portion of a helix; b represents a pulley near to the upper end of the axis J ; and I, a pulley or drum, which may be

made to revolve by horse, steam, or other motive power, and from

which a belt may extend around the pulley b, to drive the planing-

cylinder and other parts of the machinery ; G is the carriage,

which, is represented as being driven forward by means of a rack

VOL. IV.

84

D 3*

666

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

and pinion, H ; against this carriage, the plank K, which is to be planed, tongued, and grooved, is placed, and is made to advance with it. It will be manifest, however, that the plank may be moved forward by-other means, as, for example, by an endless chain or band, passing around drums or chain-wheels, or by means of geared friction-wheels home up against it. To cause the carriage and plank to move forward readily, there may be friction-rollers,
fff, placed horizontally, and extending under them; the rollers, fff, which stand vertically, are to be made to -press against the plank and keep it close to the carriage, and thus prevent the action
of the cutters from drawing the plank up from its bed in cutting from the planed surface upwards ; they may be borne against it by means of weights or springs, in a manner well known to machinists. In a single h6rizontal machine, the horizontal friction-rollers may he geared, and the pressure-rollers placed above them to feed the board with or without the carriages, a bed-plate being used directly under the planing-cylinder,
"1Fig. 2 is a separate view of the planing-cylinder, with its knives or cutters ; and fig. 3, an end view of one of the heads. E E are the revolving cutters, or tonguing and grooving wheels, and
D D, whirls upon their shafts, which may be driven by bands, or otherwise, so as to cause said wheels to revolve in the proper
direction. "Fig. 4 is a side view of'one of these wheels ; fig. 5 is an
edge view of th_ tonguing-wheel; and fig. 6, an edge view of the grooving-wheel; the latter being each shown with two cutters in
place. The number of cutters on these wheels may be varied, but they are represented as furnished with four. The cutters may be
fixed on the sides of circular plates, with their edges projecting beyond the periphery of said plate.
"The edges of the plank, as its planed part passes the planing-
cylinder, are brbught in contact .with the above-described tonguing and grooving wheels, which are so placed upon their shafts as that the tongue and groove shall be left at the proper distance from the face of the plank, the latter being sustained against the planingcylinder by means of the carriage or bed-plate, or otherwise, so that it cannot -deviate, hut must be reduced to a proper thickness, and correctly tongued and grooved.
"In fig. 1, above referred to, only one carriage and one pair of, cutter-wheels are shown, it not being deemed necessary.to represent those on the opposite side, they being similar in all respects.
"Fig. 7 represents the same machine, with the axis of the planing-cylinder placed horizontally, and intended to operate on one plank only at "the same time. A A is the frame; B B, the heads of the planing-cylinder; C C, the knives or cutters attached to said leads" To meet the different thicknesses of the planks

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

667

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

or boards, the bearings of the shaft or cylinder may be made movable, by screws or other means, to adjust it to the work; or the carriage or bed-plate may be made so as to raise the board or plank up to the planing-cylinder. E and E' are the revolving cutters, or tonguing and grooving W~heels, which are placed upon vertical shafts, having upon them pulleys, D D, around which pass belts or bands from the main drum, 1, to which a revolving motion
may be given by any adequate motive power.
"1From the drum, I, a belt, L, passes also around the pulley, b,on the shaft of the planing-eylinder, and gives to it the requisite
motion. There may in this machine be a horizontdl carriage
moved forward by a rack and pinion, in a manner analogous to that represented in fig. 1; but in the present instance the plank is supposed to be advanced by means of one or two pairs of friction or
feed rollers, shown at ff'; the uppermost, f' f'P, of the pairs of
rollers may he held down by springs, or weighted levers, which it has not been thought necessary to show in this drawing, as such
are in common-use. The lowermost of these rollers may be fluted or made rough on their surfaces, so as to cause friction on the under side of the plank. M M; are pulleys on the axles of these
lower rollers which are embraced by bands, N N'1, which also pass' around a pulley, 0, on a shaft which crosses the frame, A A, and
has a pulley, T, on-it, which is embraced by the belt, P, on a pulley, Q, on the shaft of the main drum, I; these bands and pulleys serve to .give motion tothe feed-rollers, as will be readily un-
derstood by inspecting the drawing. R R are guide-strips, used in place of the rollers used for the same purpose, and also for bear-
ing or friction rollers, when the machine is vertical, to direct one edge of the plank, and against its opposite edge ; any pressure may be used equal to-the weight of the board or plank, when worked in a vertical position. One of the cutter-wheels, should be made ad-
justable, to idapt it to stuff of different widths. "1The planing-cylinder, and likewise the cotter or tonguing and
grooving wheels, may be constructed in the manner represented in figures 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, and hereinbefore fully described. One
of the heads of the planing-wheel may be made movable, to accommodate ts width to the width of the boards or plank to be
planed.
" The respective pars of this machine may be varied in size, as may also the 'velocity of the motion of the planing-cylinders and
cutter-wheels ; but th following has been found to answer well in practice. The planing-cylinder, having four knives or cutters, may be twelve inches in diameter, and may make two thousand and upwards revolutions in a minute. In a machine like that shown in fig. 7, the main drum, I, may be two feet in diameter, and may be driven with the speed of five hundred and upwards revolutions in a minute. The pulleys on the planing-cylinder, and on the

668

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

cutter-wheels, may be six inches in diameter. The plank should be moved forward at the rate of about one foot for every hundred revolutions of the cutter-wheel; and, of course, the diameter of the feed-rollers ind of the pulleys, by which they are turned must be so graduated as to produce this result. The size and speed of. the above parts of this machine may be in some degree varied but the above have been found to work well.
"Having thus fully described the parts and combination of parts, and operation of the machine for planing, tonguing, and grooving boards or plank, and shown various modes ir.which the same may b constructed and made to operate withobt changing the principle or mode of operation of the machine, what is claimed therein'as the invention of William Woodworth, deceased, is the -employment of rotating planes, substantially such as herein de-
scribed, in combination with rollers, or .any analogous device, to prevent the boards from being drawn up by the planes when cutting upwards, or from the reduced or planed to the ianplaned surface, as described.
" And also the combination of the rotating planes with the cut-
ter-wheels for tonguing and grooving, for the purpose of planing, tonguinr and grooving boards, &c., at one operation, as described. And afso the combination of the tonguing and grooving cutterwheels for tonguing and grooving, boards, and at one operation, as described.
"And, finally, the combination of. either the tonguing or the grooving cutter-wheel for tonguing or grooving boards, &c., with the pressure-rollers, as described, the effect of the pressure-rollers
in these operations being 'such as to keep the boards, &c., steady, and preveni the cutters from drawing the boards towards the centre of the cutter-wheels, whilst it is moved through by machinery. In the planing operation, the tendency of the plane is to lift the boards directly up against the rollers ; but in the tonguing and grooving, the tendency is to overcome the friction occasioned by the pressure
of the rollers. WILLIAM W. WOODWORTH,
Jdministratorof William Woodworth, deceased.
"Witnesses :-
JAMES MILHOLLAND,
OHS. M. KELLER."

The above papers show the title of the administrator, who was the grantor of Wilson, the plaintiff in the suit. The record in the New York case was exceedingly brief, and contained neithei the declaration nor pleas, but only the state of the pleadings and the existence of demurrers. But from the eighth fact in the statement of facts, in which it is said that "the defendants trace no title to themselves to a right to*use said machines from the assignment

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

669

,Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

made by William Woodworth dn'd James Strong to Halstead, Toogood, and Tyack," the inference must be, that their defence was in showing an outstanding tide.
The following is the entire case presented by the New York
record.

"United States of .qmerica, .NorthernDistrictof .New York: "At a Circuit Court of the United States, begun and held at
Albany, for the Northern District of New York, on Tuesday, the twenty-first day of October, in the yebr of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and in the seventieth year of American independence.
"1Present, the H6norable Samuel Nelson and Alfred Conkling, Esquires.
"JAMES G. WILSON
V.
LEWIs ROUSSEAU AND CHARLES EASTON.

" State of th4e Pleadings.
"This is an action on the case to recover damages for the alleged infringenient of letters patent issued ioWilliam Woodworth, on the 27th day of -December, 1828, for the term of fourteen years, for an improvement in machinery for planing, tonguing, and grooving boards and plank at one operation ; which letters patent
were, on the 16th day of November, 1842, extended for seven years more, such extension being granted to William W. Woodworth, as administrator of said William Woodworth.
",To the first count of the plaintiff's declaration, the defendants interposed three several special pleas in bar, to each of which pleas the plaintiff demurred, and thd defendants joined in demurrer. To the second count of the plaintiff's declaration, the defendants demurred, and the plaintiff joined in demurrer.
" The case coming on to be argued at this term, the following questions occurred for decision, to wit :-
" 1. Whether the eighteenth section of the patdnt act of 1836 authorized the extension of a patent on -the application of the executor or administrator, of a deceased patentee.
"2. Whether, by force and, operation of the eighteenth section of the act of July 4th, 1836, entitled "An act to promote the progress of the useful arts," &c., the extension granted to William W. Woodworth, as administrator, on the 16th day of November, 1842, inured 'to the benefit of assignees, under the original patent granted to William Woodworth, on the 27th day of December,
1828, or whether said extension inured to the benefit of the administrator only, iii his said capacity.
"3. Whether the extension specified in the foregoing second
point inured to the benefit of the administrator to whom the same

6/0

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

was grantedi and to him in that capacity exclusively ; or whether, as to the territory specified in the c6ntract of assignment made by William Woodworth and James Strong to Toogood, Halstead,
and Tyack, on the 28th day of November, 1829 (and set forth in the second plea of the defendants to the first count of the declaration), and by legal operation of the covenants contained in said contract, the said extension inured to the benefit of the said Toogood, Halstead, and Tyack, or their assigns.
"4. Whether the plaintiff, claiming- title under the extension from the administrator, can maintain an action for an infringement of the patent right within the territory specified in the contract of assignment to Toogood, Halstead, and Tyack, against any person not claiming under said assignment ; or whether the said assignment be of itself a perfect bar to the plaintiff's suit.
"5. Whether the extension specified in the second 'point could
be applied for and obtained by William W. Woodworth, as administrator of William. Woodworth, deceased, if the said William Woodworth, the original patentee, had, in his lifetime, disposed of all his interest in the then existing patent, having, at the time of his
death, no right or title to, or interest in, the said original patent* or whether such sale carried with it nothing beyond the term of said original patent ; and, if it did not, whether any contingent
rights remained in the patentee or his representatives. "06. Whether the plaintiff, If he be an assignee of an exclusive
right to use two of the patented niachines within the town of
Watervliet, has such an exclusive right as will enable him to maintain an action for an infringement of the patent within said town ; or whether, to maintain such action, the plaintiff nfiust be possessed, as to that territory, of all the rights of the original patentee.
"7. Whether the letters patent of renewal issued to William W. Woodworth, as administrator aforesaid, on the 8th day of July, 1845, upon the amended specification and explanatory drawings then filed, be good and valid in law ; or whether the same be void, for uncertainty, ambiguity, or multiplicity of claim, or any other cause.
"8. Whether the court can determine, as matter of law, upon an inspection of the said two patents and their respective specifications, that the said new patent of the 8th of July, 1845, is not for the same invention for which the said patent of 1828 was granted.
" 9. Whether the decision of the Board of Commissioners,.who are to determine upon the application for the extension of a patent, under the eighteenth section of the act of 1836, is conclusive upon the question of their jurisdiction to act in the given case.
" 10. Whether the Commissioner of Patents can lawfully receive a surrender of letters patent for a defective specification, and issue new letters patent upon an amended specification, after the expiration of the term for which the original patent was granted, and

JANUARY 'TERM, 1846.

671.:

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

pending the existence of an extended term of seven years; or
wbether such surrender and renewal mak be made at any time during such extended term.
"On which' questions the opinions of the judges were opposed. "Whereupon, on. a motion of the plaintiff, by William H. Seward) his counsel, that the points .on which the disagreement hath happened may, during the term, be stated under the direction of the judges, and certified under the seal'of the court to the Su-
preme Court, to be finally decided. "1It is ordered that the foregoing state of the pleadings, and the
following statement of facts, which is made under the direction of the judges, be certified, according to the request of the plaintiff by his counsel, and the law in that case made and provided, to wit -
"1. That William Woodworth, as the inveniter of a machine, or improvement in machinery, for planing, tonguing, and grooving -boards and plank at one operation, on the 27th day of December,
in the year 1828, applied to the proper department of the government for a patent for said invention, and up.on the same day, on filing his specifications and explanatory drawings, and complying with the other-legal prerequisites, letters patent, signed by the President, and under the seal of the United States, were duly issued to the said William Woodworth, granting to him the exclu-sive right, throughout the United States, to construct and use, and vend to others to -be used; the machine or improvement patented, for and during the term of fourteen years ,from the said 27th day
of December, 1828.
"12. That subsequently, to wit, on the 28th day of November, 1829, the said William Woodworth and James Strong, who had become jointly interested with said Woodwofth in the rights secured by the said letters patent b r contract of assignment of that date, transferred to Daniel H. Toogood, Daniel. Halstead, and William Tyack all their right and interest in and to the said patent for certain parts and portions of the United States in said contract. specifically set forth, including the city and county of Albany, in the State of New York, which is the domicile of the xvfendants.
" 3. That the habendum in said contract of assignment is,in the
words following, to wit :-
1" ' To have and to hold the rights and privileges hereby granted for and during the term of fourteen years from the date of the patent:'
" And that the third clause in saia 'contract of assignment is in the following words, to wit :-
VI 'And the two parties further agree, that any improvement m the machinery, or alteration or renewal of either patent, such improvement, alteration, or renewal, shall inure to the benefit of the respective parties interested, and may be applied and used within
their respective districts, as hereinbefore designated.'

672

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et a].

"4. That previous to the expiration of the fourteen years' limitation of said patent, William Woodworth, the patentee, died, to wit, on the 9th of February, 1839 ; that William "W.Woodworth was thereupon duly appointed, and now is, administraor of the estate of the said William Woodworth, and that said Woodworth, in his lifetime, had sold all his interest in the said original patent.
" 5. That William W. Woodworth, as administrator aforesaid, on the 16th day of November, 1842, under the eighteenth section of the act of Congress of July 4th, 1836, applied to the Board of Commissioners created by the said section for an extension of said patent; and that, upon complying with the requisites in said section prescribed, an extension of said patent was granted by said board
to William W. Woodworth, as administrator of the estate of William Woodworth, on said 16th day of November, 1842, and letters patent of extension were on said day duly issued to him, granting to him, in his aforesaid capaeity, the exclusive right to make and use, and vend to others to be used, the said invention or improvement, for the term of seven years from and after the term of limitation of said original patent..
"6. That on 'the 8th day of July, 1845, the said William W. Woodworth, in his capaci y as administrator aforesaid, and in ac-
cordance with the provisions of the thirteenth section of the said act of July 4th, 1836, made a surrender to the Commissioner of Patents
of the letters patent to him granted on the 16th day of November, 1842, for an insufficiency of the specification upon which said original patent was issued, and upon filing a cdrrected and amended specification, with explanatory drawings, a copy of which is annexed hereto and made a part of this state-ment, the said Commissioner, on said 8th day of July, 1845, issued to the said William
W. Woodworth new letters patent of said invention for the unexpired term of the first extension thereof, and of the extension granted by special act of Congress on the 26th day of February, 1845.
"7. That the defendants in this action have erected and put in operation, in the town of Watervliet, which is within the county of Albany and State of New York, one or more machines for planing, tonguing, and grooving boards and plank, substantially the same in principle and mode of aperation as that the subject of the patent granted to William Woodworth.
"18. That the defendants trace no title to themselves to a right to use said machines from the assignment made by William Woodworth and James Strong to Halstead, Toogood, ind Tyack.
" 9. That the plaintiff in this action is the grantee of William
W. Woodworth, as administrator, of the exclusive right to construct and use, and vend to others to be used, two of said patented machines within said town of Watervliet, in said county of Albany and State of New York."

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

673

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

The case was argued by Mr. Seward, Jilt. -Latrobe,and .Mr. Webster (the two latter dividing the points), on behalf of the plaintiff, and Air. Stevens, for the defendants. The reporter has been kindly
furnished with the arguments of these gentlemen, but his limits will not permit their publication in extenso, and he is unwilling to take the responsibility of condensing them

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court.

The questions in this case come before us on a certificate of

division of opinion from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of New York, involving the construction of various provisions of the act of Congress to promote the progress of useful arts, commonly called the patent act. ;We shall examine the questions in the order in which they appear on the record.
The first is as follows :1. Whether the eighteenth section of the act of 1836 authorized
the extension of a patent on the application of the executor or ad-, ministrator of a deceased patentee.

The eighteenth section provides, in substance- that whenever any patentee of an invention or discovery shall desire an extension
of his patent beyond the term of its limitAtion, he may make application therefor, in writing, to the Commissioner of the Patent-
ofice, setting forth the grounds thereof. That the Secretary of State, the Commissioner of the Patent-office, and the Solicitor of
the Treasury shall constitute f board to hear and decide upon the application ; the patentee shall furnish to the board a'statement in
writing, under oath, of the value and usefulness of the invention, and of his receipts and expenditures, sufficiently in detail to exhibit a true and faithful account of loss and profit _in any manner. accru-
ing to him from and by reason of the invention ; and if, upon a hearing of the matter, it shall appear to the satisfaction of the board, having a due regard to the public interest, that it is just and proper
the term of the patent should be extended, by reason of the patentee, without neglect or fault on his part, having failed to obtain, from the use and sale of his invention, a reasonable remuneration for the

time, ingenuity, and expense bestowed upon the same, and the introduction thereof into use, it shall be the duty of the commissioner to renew and extend the patent, by making a certificate thereon of
such extension for the term of seven years from and after the piration of the first term, &c.

This is the substance of the section, so far as is material to the consideration of the question ; and it will be seen, that, according to the words of the provision, the application is to'be made by, and the new term to be granted to, the patentee himself, and hence the

objection on account of its having been granted to the administrator. The main argument relied on to support the objection is, that the

Vaatentee had no interest or right of property in the extended term at

VOL. IV.

85

E 3

674

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

the time of his death. That all he had was a' mere possibility, too remote and contingent to be regarded as property, or any right of property, in the sense of the law, and therefore not assets or rights in the hands of the administrator which would authorize an application within the meaning of the statute.
At common law, the better opinion, probably, is, that the right of property of the inventer to his invention or discovery passed from him as soon as it went into public use with his consent ; it was then regarded as having been dedicated to the public, as common property, and subject to the common use and enjoyment of all.
The act of Congress for the encouragement of inventers, and to promote the progress of the useful arts, and for the purpose of
remedying the imperfect protection, or rather want of protection, of this species of property, has secured to him, for a limited term, the full and exclusive enjoyment of his discovery.
The law has thus impressed upon it all the qualities and characteristics of property, for the specified period ; and has enabled
him to hold and deal with it the same as in case of any other description of property belonging to him, and on his death it passes, with the rest of his personal estate, to his egal representatives, and becomes part of the assets.
Congress have not only secured to the inventer this absolute and indefeasible interest atid property in the subject of the invention for the fourteen years, but have also -agreed, that upon certain conditions occurring and to be shown, before the expiration of this period, to the satisfaction of a board of commissioners, an indifferent tribunal designated for the purpose, this right of property in the invention shall be continued for the further term of seven years.
Subject to this condition, the right of property in the second term is as perfect, to' the extent of the intent, as the rigbh of property in the first.
The circumstances upon which the condition rests, and the occurrence of which gives effect and operation to the -further grant of the government, are by no means uncommon, or difficult to be shown. They have often happened to inventers in the course of
their dealings with this species of property. The act of Congress contemplates their occurrence again, and has therefore provided further security and protpction, by enlarging the interest and right of property in the subject of their invention.
The provision is founded upon the policy of the government to
encourage genius, and promote the progress,of the useful arts, by holding out an additional inducement to the enjoyment of the right secured under the first term; and as an act of justice to the inventers for the time, ingenuity, and expense bestowed in bringing out the discovery, frequently of incalculable value to the business interests of the country. And it is apparent, therefore, unless the executor or administrator is permitted to take the place of the

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

675

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

patentee in case of his death, and make application for the grant of the second term, which continues the exclusive enjoyment of. the right of property in the invention, the object of the statute will be defeated, and a valuable right of property, intended to be secured, lost to his estate.
The statute is not founded upon the idea of conferring a mere personal reward and gratuity upon the individual,'as a mark of dis-
tinction for a great public service, which would terminate with his death ; but of awarding to him an enlarged interest and right of property in the invention itself, with a view to secure to-him, with
greater certainty, a fair and reasonable remuneration. And to the extent of this further right of property, thus secured, whatever that may be, it is of the same description and character as that held and enjoyed under the patent for the first term. In its nature, therefpre, it continues, and is to be dealt with, after the decease of the patentee, the same as an interest under the first, and passes, with other rights of property belonging to him, to the personal repre-
sentatives, as part of the effects of the estate. It would seem, therefore, from the nature of this interest in
an extended term itself, as well as from a consideration of the object and purpose of the statute, plainly expressed upon its, face, in providing for the prolonged. enjoyment and protection of this species of property, that the Board of Commissioners were well warranted in making the renewed grant to the administrator, upon -his complying with the conditions.
An argument has been urged against this conclusion, grounded upon the tenth and thirteenth sections of the patent law. The former provides in express terms for the issuing of a patent to the executor or administrator, in case of the death of the inventer be-
fore it is taken out ; and the latter, for a surrender of a patent defective by reason of an insufficient description, and the reissuing of a new one. These are supposed to be analogous cases, and manifest the sense of Congress, that, without the express provisions
of law, the patent in the one case, and the surrender in the other, could not be issued to, or be made by, the legal representative. The argument is no doubt a proper one, and entitled to considera-
tion ; but is not necessarily conclusive.
As it respects the provision for a surrender by the executor or administrator, which is most analogous to the question in hand, w9
think there could be no great doubt that the r;ght would exist in the absence of any such express authority, regar, being had to the nature of the property, and the rights and duties of the legal rep-
resentative, within the spirit and object of the patent law. It would be the surrender of a patent, the legal interest and property in which had become vested in him as part of the assets, which he was bound to take care of, and protect against waste ; a step nocessary to perfect the title and give value to the property

6"

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

would seem to be not only directly within the line of hisduty, but
in furtherance of the chief object of the law, namely, to secure
remuneration to the rheritorious inventer.
It has also been argued, that the executor or administrator could ndt comply with the terT? and conditions of the eighteenth section, upon which the right of property in the extended term is made to depend. In other words, that he would be unable to furnish to the Board of Commissioners a statement under oath of the usefulness of the invention, and of the receipts and expenditures of. the patentee, ekhibiting a true and faithful account of the loss and profit in any manner accruing from, and by reason of, the invention.
This argument assumes as a matter of fact that which may well be denied. Suppose the dealings of the patentee in the subject of his discovery have been carried on through the instrumentality of
agents or clerks, or, if not, that the patentee himself, as business
men usually do, has leept an accurate account of his receipts and expenditures, all difficulty at once disappears. The accountbooks of a deceased party, in many of the States of the Union,
identified and the handwriting proved, are received as 'legal evidence of the demand in the courts of justice, and afford full aiithority, upon legal principles, for the admission of the books before the board, in support of the application. We perceive, no great
difficulty in a substantial compliaftce with the terms of the section,
on the part of the executor or administrator. The second question is, Whether, by force and operation of the
eighteenth section already referred to, the extension granted to W. W. Woodworth, as administrator, on' the 16th day of Novem-
ber, 1842, inured to the benefit of assignees under the original patent granted to William Woodworth, on the 27th day of December, 1828, or whether said extension inured to the benefit of the administrator only, .i his said cap~ity.
The most of this section has already been recited in the consideration of the first question, and it will be unnecessary to re'peat it. It provides for the application of the patentee to the commission for
an extension of the patent for seven years ; constitutes a board to hear and decide upon the application; and if his receipts and expenditures, showing the loss and profits accruing to him from and on account of his invention, shall establish, to the. satisfaction of the board, that the patent should be extended by reason of the patentee, without any -fault on his part, having failed to obtain from the use and sale of his in vention a reasonable remuneration for his time, ingenuity, and expense bestowed upon the same, and the in-
troduction of it into use, it shbLl be the duty of the commissioners to extend'th6 same by makifig a certificate thereon of such 'extension for the term of seven, years from and after the first term ; "-and thereup6n the said patent shall have the same effect in law
is though it had been originally granted for the term of twenty-one

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

677

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

years." And than comes the clause in question: '"ndthe benefit of such.renewal shall extend to assignees and grantees of the right to use the thing patented, to the extent of their respective in-
terests therein."' The answer to the second question certified depends upon the
true construction of the above clause respecting the rights of assignees and grantees.
Various and conflicting interpretations have been given to it by
the learned counsel, on the argument, leading to different and opposite results, which it will be necessary to examine.
On one side, it has been strongly argued, that the legal operation and effect of the clause save and protect all the rights and interests of assignees and grantees in the patent existing at the time of the
extension ; and thus secure and continue the exclusive use and enjoyment of these rights and interests for the seven years, to the
sarie extent, and in as ample a manner, as held add enjoyed under
the first term. That if A. holds an assignment of a moiety of the patent, he will hold the same for the new term of seven years.; if of the whole patent, then the whole interest for that period. And that as soon as the new grant is made to the patentee,'the interest therein passes, by operation of this clause, to the assignees of the old term, in proportion to their respective shares.
On the other side, it has been argued, with equal earnestness, that, 'according to the true construction and legal effect of the clause, protection is given, and intended to be given, only to the rights and interests of assignees and grantees acquired and held by assignments and grants from the patentee in and under the second or new term ; and that it does not refer to, or embrace, or in any way affect the rights and interests of assignees or grantees holding under the old.
In connection with this view, it is said that the .rights thus pro-
tected in the new term may be acquired by means of the legal operation of the clause, either from a direct assignment or grant after the extension of the patent, or by an appropriate provision for that purpose, looking to an extension,'contained in the assignment
or grant un the old. It is not tb be denied, but that, upon any view that has been
taken or that may be taken of the clause, its true meaning and legal
effect cannot be asserted with entire confidence ; and, after all, must depend upon such construction as the court can best give to doubtful phraseology and obscure legislation, having a due regard to the great object and intent of Congress, as collected from the
context and general provisions and policy 6f the patent law. The rule is familiar and well settled, that, in 'case of obseui'eand
doubtful words or phraseology, the intention of the law-makers is to be resorted to, if discoverable fiom the context, in order to fix
and control their meaning so as to reconcile it, if possible, with the general policy of the law.

e7S

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et aL

Now, the serious difficulty in the way, and which renders the first iterpretation inadmissibley except upon the most explicit and positive words, is, that 'it subverts, at once the whole object and purpose of the enactment, as is plainly Written in every line of the previous part of the section. It gives to the assignees and grantees of the patent, as far as assigned under the old'term, the exclusive
right and enjoyment of the invention - the monopoly - in the extended term for the seven years ; when, by the same provision, it
clearly appears that it was intended to be secured to the patentee as an additional remuneration for his time, ingenuity, and expense in bringing out the -discovery,' and in introducing it into public use. It gives this remuneration to parties that have no peculiar claims upon the government or the public, and takes it from those who
confessedly have. The whole structure of the eighteenth section turns upon the
idea 6f affording this additional protection -and compensation to the patentee,' and to the. patentee alone, and hence the reason for instituting the inquiry before the grant of the extension, to ascertain whether or not he has failed to realize a reasonable remuneration from the sale and use of the discovery, - the production of an account of profit and loss to enable the board to determine the question ; and as it comes to the one or the other conclusion, to grant the extended term or not.
It'is obvious, therefore, that Congress had not at all in view protection to assignees. That their condition on acbount of dealmg in the subject of the invention, whether successful or otherwise, was not in the mind of that bVody, nor can any good reason be given why it should have been.
They had purdhased portions of the interest in the invention, and dealt with the patent rights'as a matter of business and speculation; and stood in no 4ifferent relation to the government or the public, than other citizens 'engaged in the common affairs of life.
Nothing short of the most fixed and positive terms of a statute could justify an interpretation so repugnant to the whole scope and policy of it, and to wise and judicious legislation.
We think this construction not necessarily required by the language of the clause, and is altogether' inadmissible.
Then as to the second interpretation, namely, that the clause refers to, and includes, assignees and grantees of interests acquired in the new term, either by an assignment or grant from the patentee after the extension, or by virtue of a proper clause for that purpose,. in the assignment under the old term.
Th3 difficulty attending this construction lies in the uselessness of the clause upon the hypothesis, - the failure tb discover any subject-matter upon which to give reasonable operation and effect
to it,- and hence, to adopt the construction is to make the clause

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

679

Wilson v. Rousseau et a].

virtually a dead letter, the grounds for which conclusion we 'wl proceed to state.
The eleventh section of the. patent act provides, that every patent shall be assignable, in law, either as to the whole interest, or any undivided part thereof, by an instrument in writing.; which assignment, and also every grant and conveyance of the exclusive right under any patent, &c., shall be recorded in the patent-office.
And the fourteenth section authorizes suits to be brought in the name of the assignee or grantee, for an infringement of his rights, in
a court of law.
One object of these provisions found in the general patent system is to separate the interest of the assignee and grantee -from that which may be held by the patentee, and to make each fractional"
interest held under the patent distinct and separate ; in- other words, to change a mere equitable into a legal title and interest, so that it may be'dealt with ina"court of law.
Now, in view of these provisions, it is difficult to perceive th1 materiality of the clause in question, as it respects the rights of assignees and grantees held by an assignment or grant in-and under the new term, any more than in respect to like rights and interests
in and under the old.
The eleventh and fourteenth sections embrace every assignment or grant of a part or the whole of the interest in the invention, and
enable these parties to -deal with it, inall respects, the same as the patentee. The'y stand upon the same footing, under the new term, as in the case of former assignments under the old. Nothing can be clearer. It is--impossible to satisfy the clause by referring it to these assignments mfnd grants ; or to see how,Congress could, for a moment, have imagined that there would be any necessity for
the clause, in this aspect of it. It would have been as clear a
work of supererogation as can be stated..
The only color for the argument in favor of the necessity of this clause, in the aspect in wich we are viewing it, is as respects the contingent interest in the new term, derived from a provision in an assignment under the old one, looking to the extension. As the right necessarily rested on contract, at least till the contingency occurred, there may be some doubt whether, even after its occurrence, the eleventh and fourteenth sections had the effect to change it into a vested legal ierest, so that it could be dealt with at law ; and that a new assignment or grant from the patentee would be required, which could be enforced only in a court of equity. To this extent there may be some color for the argument, - some supposed matter to give operation and effect to the clause.
But what is the amount of it ? Not that the clause creates or secures this contingent interest in the new term, for that depends
upon the contract between the parties, and the contract alone, and which, even if the general provisions of the law respecting

680

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

the rights of assignees and grantees could not have the effect to change into a legal right, might be enforced in a court of.equity.
The oly effect, therefore, of the provision in respect to assignees and grantees of this description would be, to change the nature of the contingent interest after the event happened, from a right resting' in contract to a vested legal inteiest ; or, to speak with more precision, to remove a doubt about the nature of the interest
in the new term, after the happening of a certain contingency, which event in itself was quite remote. This seems to be the whole amount of the effect that even ingenious and able counsel have succeeded in' finding, to satisry the clause. It presupposes that Congress looked to this scintilla of interest in the new term, which might or might not occur, and cast about to provide for it,
for fear of Houbts as to its true nature and legal character, and the effect of the general system upon it.
We cannot but think a court should hesitate before giving a construction to the clause so deeply harsh and unjust in its congequences, both as it respects the public and individual rights mnd interests, upon so narrow a foundation.
But there are other difficulties in the way of this construction.
The eleventh section, regulating the rights of assignees and grantees, provides, "that every patent shall be assignable at law," &c., "which assignment, and also every grant and conveyance of the exclusive right under any patent to make and use, and to grant to others to make and use, the thing patented within and throughout any specified part or portion of the United States," &c., "shall be
recorded."
Now it will be apparent, we think, from a very slight examination of the clause in question, that it does not embrace assignees or grantees, in the sense of the eleventh section, at all ; nor in the sense in which they are referred to when speaking of these inter-
ests generally under the patent law, without interpolating words or giving a very forced construction to those composing it.
The clause is as follows: "And the benefit of such renewal shall extend to aisignees and grantees of the right to use the thing patented, fo the extent of their respective interests therein."
It will be seen that the word "exclusive," used to qualify the right of a grantee in the eleventh section, and, indeed, always when referred to in the patent law (§ 14), and also the words " to make," "1and to grant to others to rnake and use," are dropped, so that there is not only no exclusive right in the grantee, in terms, granted or secured by the clause, but no right at all, -no right whatever, - to make or to grant to others to make and use the thing patented ; in other words, no exclusive right to make or vend. -And it is,' we think, quite obvious, from the connection and phraseology, that assignees and grantees are placed, and were intended to be placed,
in this respect,- upon the same footing. We should scarcely be

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

Sal

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

justified in giving to this term a more enlarged meaning as to the

right to. make and sell, as it respects the one class, than is given to

the others, as they are always used as correlative in the patent

laws, to the extent of the interests held by them. The clause,

therefore, in terms, seems to limit studiously the benefit, or reier-

vation, or whatever it may be called, under or from the new grant

to the naked right to use the thing patented ; not an excluive right

even for that, which might denote monopoly, nor any right at all,

much less exclusive, to make and vend. That seems to :have

been guardedly omitted. We do not forget the remaining part of

the sentence, "to the extent of their respective interests therein," ·

which is relied on to help out the difficulty. But we see nothing

in the phrase, giving full effect to it, necessarily inconsistent with

the plain meaning of the previous words. The exact ide- intend

ed to be expressed may be open to observation ; but we thirk it

far from justifying the court in holding, that the grant or reservation

of a right to use a thing patented, well known and in general use at

the time, means an exclusive right to make and use it; and not

only this, but an exclusive right to grant to others th*e right to:

make and use it, meaning an exclusive right to vend it.

The court is asked to build up a complete monopoly in the hands

of assignees and grantees in the thing patented, by judicial con-

struction, founded upon the grant of a simple right to use it to the

extent of the interest possessed ; for the argument 'com6s to this

complexion. A simple right to use is given, and we are asked to

read it an exclusive right, and not only, to read it an exclusive right

to use, but an exclusive right to make and vend, the patented

article.

Recurring to the patent IaV, it will be seen that Congress, in grant-

ing monopolies of this description, have deemed it necessary to

use very different language. The grant in the patent must be in

express terms, for "the full and exclusive right and liberty of

making, using, and vending," in order to confer exclusive privi-

leges. The same language is also used in the act when speaking

of portions of the monopoly in the hands 'ofassignees and gratees.

(§§ 11, 14).

We cannot but think, therefore, if Congiess had intended to

confer a monopol# in the patented article upon the assignees and

grantees by the clause in question, the usual formula in all such

grants would have been observed, and that we ghould be defeating

their understanding and intent, as well as.doiiig violence 'to the lan-

guage, to sanction or uphold rights and privileges of such magni-

tude by the mere force of judicial construction.

We conclude, therefore, that the clause has no reference to the

rights or interest of assignees and grantees under the new and ex-

tended term, upon the ground, -

1. ,Because, in that view, giving to the words the widest con-

VOL. Iv.

86

M2

SUPREME' COURT.

Wilson b. Rousseau et al.

struction, there is nothing to.satisfy the clause, or upon which any substantial effect and operation can be given to it; it becomes vir-
tually a dead letter, and work of legislative superfguity; and 2. Because the clause in question, upon a true and reasonable
interpretation, does not operate to vest the -aspignees and grantees named therein with any exclusive privileges whatever, in the ex-
tended term, and therefore cannot be construed as relating to or embracing such interests in the sense of the law.
The extension of the patent under the eighteenth section is a new grant of the exclusive right or monopoly in the subject of the invention for the seven years. All the rights of assignees or grant-
ees, whether in a share of the patent, or to a specified portion of the, territory bld under it, terminate at the end of the fourteen
years, and become reinvested in the patentee by the new grant. From that date be is again possessed of "the full and exclusive
right and liierty of making, using, and vending to others the invention," whatever it may be. Not only portions of the monopoly
held by assignees and grantees as subjects of trade and commerce, but the patented articles or machines throughout the country, pur-
chased for practical use in the business affairs of life, are embraced within the operation of the extension. This latter class of assignees and grantees are reached by the new grant of the exclusive right to use the thing patented. Purchasers of the machines, and who were in the use of them at the time, are disabled from
further use immediately, as that right became vested exclusively in the patentee. Making and vending the invention are prohibited by the corresponding terms of his grant.
Now, if we read the clause in question with reference to this state of things, we think that much of the difficulty attending it will disappear. By the previous part of the section, the patentee would become reinvested with the exclusive right to make, use, and vend the thing patented ; and the clause in question follows, and was so intended as a qualification. To what extent, is the question. The language is, "And the benefit of such renewal shall extend to assignees and grantees of the right to use the thing patented, to the extent of their respective interests therein" ; naturally, we think, pointing to those who were in the use of the patented article at the time of the renewal, and intended to restore or save to them that
right which; without the clause, would have been vested again exclusively in the patentee. The previous part of the section operat-
ing in terms to vest him with the exclusive right to use, as well as to make and vend, ther6 is nothing very remarkable in the words, the
legislature intending thereby to qualify the right in respect to a certain -class only, leaving the right as to all others in the patentee, in speaking of the benefit of the renewal extending to this class.
The renewal vested him with the whole right to use, and therefore there is no great impropriety of language, if intended to pro-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

683

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

tect this class, by giving them in terms the benefit of the renewal. Against this view it may be said that " the thing patented" means the invention or discovery, as held in McClurg v. Kingsland, 1 How. 202, and that the right to use the 1 thing patented " is what, in terms, is provided for in the clause. That is admitted, but the words, as used in the connection here found, with the right simply to use the thing patented, not the exclusive right, which would be a monopoly, necessarily refer to the patented machine and not to the invention.; and, indeed, it is in that sense that the expression is to be understood generally throughout the patent law, when tak-
en in connection with the right i6 use, in contradistinction to the
right to make and sell. The "thing patented" is the invention ; so the naacliine is the
thing patented, and to use the machine is to use the invention, be-
cause it is the thing invented and in respect to which the exclusive right is secured, as is also held in McClurg v. Kingsland. The patented machine is' frequently used as equivalent for the " thlug patented," as well as for the invention- or discovery, and no doubt-,
when found in connection with the exclusive right to make and vend, always means the right of property in the- invention, the monopoly. But when in connection with the simple right to use, the exclusive right to make and vend being in another, the right to use
the thing patented necessarily results in a right to u~e the machine, and nothing more. Then, as to the phrase "to the extent of their
respective interests therein," that obviously enough refers to their interests in the thing .patenjed, and in connection with the right simply to use, means .their interests in the patented machines, -be'
that interest in one or more at the time of the extension.
This view of the clause, which brings it down in practical effect and operation to the persons in the use of the patented machine or machines at the time of the new grant, is strengthened by the clause immediately following,, which is, "1that no extension of the patent
shall be granted after the expiration of the term for which it was originally issued." What is the object of this provision ? Obviously, to guard against the injustice which might otherwise occur to a person who had gonQ. to the expense of procuring the patented
article, or changed his business upon the faith of'using or dealing with it, after the monopoly had expired, which would be arrested by thb.operation of the new grant. To avoid this donsequence, it
is provided that the extension must take place before the expiration of the patent, if at all. Now, it Would be somewhat remarkable if
Congress should, have been thus careful of a class of persons who had merely gone to the expense of providing themselves with the patented article for u~e or as a matter of trade, after th e
monopoly had ceased, and would he disappointed and exposed to loss if it was again renewed, and at the same time had overlooked
the class who in addition to this expense and change of business

684

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson r. Rousseau et al.

had bought the right from the patentee, and were mithe use and enjoyment of the machine, or whatever it might be, at the time of the renewal. These provisions are in juxtaposition, and we think are but parts of the same policy, looking to the protection of individual citizens from any special wrong and injustice on account of
the operation of the new grant. The consequences of any different construction than the one
proposed to be given are always to be regarded by courts, when dealing with a statute of doubtful meaning. For between two different interpretations, resting upon judicial expositions of ambiguous and involved phraseology, that which will result in what may be regarded as coming nearest to the intention of the legislature should.be
preferred. We must remember, too, that we are not dealing with the decis-
ion of the particular case before us, though that is involved in the inquiry'; but with a general system of great piactical interest to thle country ; and it is the effect of our decision upon the operation of the system that Vives to it its chief importance.
The eighteenth section authorizes the renewal of patents in all cases where the Board of CommisNioners is satisfied of the usefulness of the invention, and of the inadequacy of remuneration to the patentee. Inventions of merit only are the subject of the new grant ; such as have had the public confidence, and which it may
be presumed have entered largelyi in one way and another, into the business affairs of life.
By the report of the Commissioner of Patents it appears, that five hundred and two patents were issued in the year 1844, - for the last fourteen years, the average issue yearly exceeded this number, -and embrace articles to be found in common use in every department of labor or art, on the farm, in the workshop, and factory. These articles have been purchased from the patentee, and hive gone into common use. But, if the construction against which we have been contending should prevail, the moment the patent of either article is renewed, the comm(.a use is arrested, by the exclusive grant to the patentee. It is true the owner may repurchase the right to use, and doubtless would be compelled from necessity ; but he is left to the discretion or caprice of the patentee. A construction leading to such consequences, and fraught with such unmixed evil, we must he satisfied, was never contemplated by Congress, and should not be adopted unless compelled by the most express and
positive language of the statute. The third question certified is, whether the extension of the
patent granted to W. W. Woodworth, as administrator, on the 16th of November, 1842, inured to the benefit of the administrator exclusively, or whether, as to certain territory specified -in the contract' of assignment made by W. Woodworth and James Strong to Toogood, Halstead, and Tyack, on the 28th of November, 1829, and

JANUARY. TERM, 1846.

685

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

by legal operation" of the covenants contained in said contract, the said extension inured to the benefit of said Toogood, Halstead, and

Tyack, or their assigns ? William Woodworth was the original patentee, and took out
letters patent on the 27th of December, 1828 ; and soon after con-

veyed a moiety of the same to James Strong. One- Uri Emmons also obtained a patent for a similar machine on the 25th of April, 1829, and soon after conveyed all his interest in the same to Toogood, Halstead, and Tyack. With a view to avoid litigation, both

parties mutually assigned to each other their interests in the respect-

ive patents to different and separate portions of the United States ; and in the assignment from Woodworth and Strong to Toogood, Halstead, and Tyack,'the following covenant was entered into by the parties. "And the two parties further agree, that any im-

provement in the machinery, or alteration, or renewal of eitherpatent, such improvement, alteration, or renewal shall inure to the

benefit of' the respective parties interested, and may be applied

and used within their respdctive districts, as herein before desig-

nated." . At the time this covenant was entered into, there was no provis-

ion in the patent laws authorizing an extension or renewal of the

same beyond the original term of fourteen years. The first act

providing for It was passed in July, 1832. Before this time, the only mode of prolonging the term beyond the originaf grant was by

means of private acts of Congress upon individual applications. ·

A construction bad been given by the Circuit Court of the United States, in New York, as early as 1824, by -which the patentee, on surrendering his patent on account of a ,defective specification, would be entitled to take out a new patent correcting the

defect, which construction was afterwards upheld by this court in Grant v. Raymond, 6 Peters, 218, and the principle since ingrafted into the patent law by the act of 1832.

The court is of the opinion, that the covenant in question should
be construed as having been entered into by the parties, with a reference to the known and existing rights and privileges secured to

patentees under the general system of the government established for that purpose ; that the parties would naturally look to the es-

tablished .system of law on the subject in arranging their several

rights and obligations, in dealing with property of this description,

rather than to any possible change that might be effected by private

acts of Congress upon individual application. Contracts are usually made with reference to the established law of the land, and

should be so understood and construed, unless otherwise clearly indicated by the terms of the agreement. If the parties in this case

contemplated any alteration or modification of their rights, more

advantageous, by the further legislation of CongresS, we think-some more specific provision having reference to it should have been

VOL. IV.

P3

686

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

inserted in their covenant. The term renewal may be satisfied by
a reference to the law as it then stood. The patentee might surrender his patent, and take out a new one, within the fourteen years; and the term was used, probably, to guard against any question that
might be raised as to the right under the assignment in the new patent, if a surrender and new issue should become necessary. The specification accompanying the patent was a complicated one, and has been the subject of much controversy, and the necessity of a
surrender for correction and amendment might very well have been anticipated.
We think thbi view satisfies the use of the term, and that no right is acquired in the new grant by virtue of the assignment or cove-
nant. The fourth and fifth questions certified are answered by the opin-
ion of the court upon the first and second questions. The sixth question certified is as follows :- Whether the plain-
tiff, if he be an assignee of an exclusive right to use two of the patented machines within the town of Watervliet, has such an exclusive right as will enable him to maintain an action for an'infringement of the patent within the said town ; or whether, to maintain such action, the plaintiff must be possessed, as'to that territory, of all the'rights of the original patentee.
The plaintiff is. the grantee of the exclusive right to construct and use,'and to vend to others to be used, two of the patented machines within the town of Watervliet, in the county of Albany.
The fourteenth section of the patent law authorizes any person, who is a grantee of the exclusive right in a- patent within and throughout a specified portion of the United States, to maintain an action in his own name for an infringement of the right.
The plaintiff comes within the very terms of the section. Although limited to the use of two machines within the town, the right to use them is exclusive. No other party, not even the patentee, can use a right utider the patent within the territory without infringing the grant.
The seventh, question certified'is as follows --Whether the letters patent of renewal issued to W. W. Woodworth, as administrator, on the 8th of July, 1845, upon the amended specification and explahatory drawings then filed, be good and valid in law, or whether the same be void for uncertainty, ambiguity, or multiplicity of claim, or any other cause.
The court is satisfied, upon an examination of the specification and drawings referred to in the question certified, that it is sufficiently full and explicit, and is not subJect to any of the objections taken to it.
The remaining questions will be sufficiently answered by the certificate sent to the court below.

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

687

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

. Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record'from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of New York, and on the points and questions on which the judges of the said Circuit Court were opposed in opinion, and which were certified to this court for its opinion, agreeably to the act of Congress in such case made and provided, and was argued by counsel: On consideration whereof, it is the opidion of this court, -
1. That the eighteenth section of the patent act of 1836 did authorize the extension of a patent on the application of the executor or administrator of a deceased patentee.
2. That, by force and operation of the eighteenth section of the act of July 4th, 1836; entitied " An act to promote the progress, of the useful arts," &c., the extension granted to William W.
Woodworth, as administrator, on the 16th day of November, 1842, did not inure to the benelit-of assignees under the original patent granted .to William Woodworth on the 27th day of December, 1828, but that the said dxtension inured to the benefit of the administrator only, in his said capacity.
3. That the extension specified in the foregoing second point did inure to the benefit of the'administrator, to whom the same was granted, and to him in that capacity exclusively ; and that, as
to the territory specified in the contract of assignment made by William Woodworth and James StrQng to Toogood, Halstead, and Tyack, on the 28th day of November, 1829 fand set forth in the second plea of the defendants to the first count of the declaration), and by legal operation of the covenants contained in said contract, the said extension did not inure to the benefit of the said Toogood, Halstead, and Tyack, or their assigns.
4. That the plaintiff, claiming title under the extension from the administrator, can maintain an action for an infringement of the pa-
tent right within the territory specified in the contract of assignment to Toogood, Halstead, Ehd Tyack) against any person not claiming under said assignment. And that the said assignment is not, of itself, a perfect bar to the plaintiff's suit.
5. That the extension specified in the second point could be ap-
plied for and obtained by William W. Woodworth, as administrator of William Woodworth, deceased, although the said William
Woodworth, the original patentee, had in his lifetime disposed of all his interest in the then existing patent, having at the time of his
death no right or title to or interest in the said original patent ; and that such sale did not carry any thing beyond the term of said original patent ; and that no contingent rights remained in the patentee or his representatives.
6. That the plaintiff,.if be be an. assignee of an exclusive right

688

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

to use two of the patented machines within the town of Watervliet,
has such an exclusive right as will enable him to maintain an action fo? an infringement of the patent within said town.
7. That the letters patent of renewal issued to William W.
Woodworth, as administrator as aforesaid, on the 8th day of July, 1845, upon the amended specification and explanatory drawings then filed, are good and valid in law ; and are not void for uncertainty, ambiguity, or multiplicity of claim, or any other cause.
8. That the question involved in the eighth point propounded does not present any question of law which this court can answer.
9. That the decision of the Board of Commissioners, who are to
determine upon the application for the extension of a patent under the eighteenth seetion of the act of 1836, is not conclusive upon
the question of their jurisdiction to act in a given case. 10. That the C6mmissiolner of Patents can lawfully receive a sur-
render of letters patent for a defective specification, and issue new letters patent upon an amended specification, after the expiration of the term for which the original patent was granted, and pending the existence of an extended tbrm of seven years ; and that such surrender and renewrl may be made at any time during such
extended term. It is thereupon now here ordered and adjudged by this court,
that it be so certified to the said Circuit Court.

Mr. Justice McLEAN.
As I dissent from the opinion of the court, in their answer to to the second question certified, I will state, in few words, the reasons, of my dissent.
The question is, whether the extension of the patent, under the act of 1836, to William W. Woodworth, the administrator, inured
to the benefit of the assignees of the first patent. I had occasion to consider this question in the cas" of Brooks
and Morris v. Bicknell and Jenkins, on my circuit, and on a deliberate examination of the eighteenth section of the above act, I came to the conclusion, that unless the assignment gave to the assignee the right in the extended or renewed patent, his interest ex-
pired with the limitation 6f the original patent. The lamented Justice" Story, without any interchange of opinion
between us, about the same time, gave the same constkuction to the section. The late Mr. Justice Thompson, and several of the district judges of the United States, blqve construed the act in the satie way.
The eleventh section of the act makes the patent assignable in law, either as to the whole interest or any undivided part thereof, by any instrument of writing, which is required to be recorded in the patent-office within three months from the date.
By the eighteenth section, the patentee may make application

JANUARY TERM,. 1846.

689

Wilson v. Rousseau et a].

or the extension of his'patent to the Cbmmissioner, who is required

to publish a notice of such application "in one or more of the

principal newspapers in the city of Washington, and in such other paper or papers'as he may'deaen proper, published in the section

of country most' interested adversely to the extension of the pa-

tent." " And the Secretary of State, the Commissioner of the

Patent-office, and the Solicitor of the Treasury shall constitute a

board to hear and decide upon the evidence produced before them

both for and against the extension, and shall sit for that purpose at the time and place designated in the published notice thereof.

The patentee shall furnish to said board a statement in writing,

under oath, of the ascertained value of the irvention, and of his

receipts and expenditures, sufficiently in-detail to exhibit a true and faithful account of loss and profit in any mdnner accruing to him

from and by reason of said invention. And if, upon a hearing

of the matter, it shall appear to the full and entire satisfaction of

the said board, having due regard to the public interest therein, that it is just and proper that the term of the patent should be ex-

tended by reason of the patentee, without neglect or fault on his part, having failed to obtain, from the use and sale of his invention,

a reasonable remuneration for the time, ingenuity, and expense bestowed upon the same, and the intioduction thereof into use, it

shall be the duty of the Commissioner to renew and exterid the patent," &c. ; "and thereupon the said patent shall have the same

effect in law as though it had been originally granted for the term

of twenty-one years. And the benefit of such renewal shall extend to assignees and grantees of the right to use the thing patented,

to the extent of their respective interest therein."

This section embraces patents previously issued, and the construction now to be gi'ven to it operates on all cases of Pxtensions

under it, whether the assignments were made before or after the

passage of the act.

The object of this section is so clearly expressed as not to admit

of doubt. It was for the exclusive benefit of the patentee ; for the extension can only be granted when it shall be made to app6ar

that the patentee, "1without neglect or fault on his part, having failed to obtain, from the, use and sale of his invention, a reasona-

ble remuneration for his time, ingenuity, and expense," &c. This, thea, being the clear intent of Congress, expressed in this section,

it must have a contr6lling influence in the construction of other parts of the section. A statute is construed by the same rule as a

written contract. The intent of law-makers, and of the persons

contracting, where'that intent clearly appears, must be carried into effect. Where the statute or the contract is so repugnant in its

language as not to show the intent, then no effect can be given to it. If the words used be susceptible of such a construction as

VOL. iv.

87

C

F3*

690

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson V. Rousseau et al.

not only to show the intent, but to enable the court to give effect to it, it is the duty of the court so to construe it.
Bacon, on the construction of statutes, says,-" The most natural
and genuine way of construing a statute is to construe one part by another part of the same statute ; for this best expresseth the meaning of the makers." And,-- If any part of a statute be obscure, it is proper to consider the other parts ; for the words and meaning of one part of a statute frequently lead to the sense of another.?' " A statute ought,, upon the whole, to be so construed, that, if it can be prevented, no clause, sentence, or word shall be superfluous, void, or insignificant."
That the patentee may have his patent extended, though the assignee held the entire interest in it, is undoubted. He has only to
show that he has not been reimbursed, &c., within the meaning of the section, to establish his claim for an extension. And, in such a case, if the benefit of the extension go to the assignee, hd having the entire interest in the patent, how is the patentee benefited ? And yet the law was enacted exclusively for his benefit. Does not such a construction defeat the object of the law ? And if it
does, can it be maintained ? Where the assignment of the patent has, been for, less than the whole, the same objection lies, though the object of the law is subverted only to the extent of the assign-
ment. The interest of the assignee, it is supposed, is protected by the
provision, that " the benefit of such renewal shall extend to assignees and grantees of the right to use the thing patented, to the extent of their" respective interest therein." There can be no doubt that the words, "4to the extent of their respective interest therein," refer to their right to use the thing patented.; and this, it is contended, is the benefit which results to the assignee from the renewal. That this would seem to be the import of. these words, disconnected from other parts of the section, is adimitted; but such a construction is wholly inadmissible, when the object of the sec-
tion is considered.
The patent is extended for the benefit of the patentee. This is so obvious that no one will deny it. And the above construction gives the benefit to the assignee. Here is a direct repugnancy, and there is no escape'from it; for the same repugnancy, exists, though in a less degree, where a pbrt of the patent only has been assigned. Under such circumstances, we must inquire whether this
-repugnancy may not be avoided by giving a.nother and a different application to the provision, of which the words may be sus-
ceptible. The benefit of the renewal is given to the assignees; but to
what extent ?- to the extent of their interest in the' renewal.
But it is said, that this cannot be the true construction, as it renders
the provision inoperative. If, by the assignment, there was an ex-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

691

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

press contract th.t the assignee should enjoy the same interest in the renewal oi~extension of a patent, this would secure such interest, without the provision.
To this it may be answered, that such an assignment of a thing not in esse would, at most, only be a contract to convey the legal
right. But, under the eighteenth section, the assignment after the. extension becomes a legal transfer. In addition 'to this, the right under the extension being legal, all purchasers would be affected with notice, where the assignment had been recorded in the patentoffice. This view gives effect to the section, and harmonizes its
provisions. The other construction makes the parts of the section repugnant, and nullifies the whole of it. Now, which is the more
reasonable .view? But, in addition to this, what conceivable motive could Congress have had to give a boon -to the assignee ?
How is he injured by the extension ? Without the extension, the assignee wquld only have a right, in
common 'with all others, to use the invention. This could be of no more value to him than the worth of his machinery - for competition equally open to all cannot be estimated of any value. Under the assigi ment, the assignee claims a monopoly. Now, did Congress intend to give him this boon ? Why should he be an object of public munificence ? He laid out his money in the purchase of the patent right, because he believed it would be profita-
ble. And, in most cases, the assignee speculates upon the poverty of the inventer. Inventers are proverbially poor and dependent. The history of this patent illustrates strongly this fact. Half of the right was originally assigned to pay the expense and trouble of taking ouf the patent. Another part of the patent was assigned to compromise a pretended claim to a similar invention.
The hardship complained of by the assignee is more imaginary than real. If the patentee takes all the benefit of the extension,
the assignee loses, it is said, the value of his machinery. This does not necessarily follow. For if the machinery has been judiciously selected, and put in operation at a propir place,-it will sell for its value generally, if not always. If the invention be of great value, as is undoubtedly the case in this instance, the machinery will be wanted by any one who may wish to bontinue the business,
under the extended patent. So that the loss in the sale of the machinery would not be greater than would have been suffered by a sale if the patent had not been extended.
This construction, then, inflicts little or no injury on the assignee, whilst the other construction, as his- been shown, defeats the object of the statute. But this inconvenience or loss to the assignee is duly considered and weighed, under the statute, as the board, in granting the extension, must have a due regard to the public interest. Notice is to be given, as far as practicable, to all persons interested against the extension of the patent, who may

2SUPREME

COURT.
Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

appear before the board and oppose it. And it was stated in the argument, that the assignees of this patent did oppose the extension of it. Little did they suppose at the time that they were resisting a boon secured to them by the above section. Whatever loss, real or imaginary, the assignee may suffer from the extension of the patent, is a loss or inconvenience whioh results from the general advancement of the public good, and for which society does not, arid indeed cannot, make compensation. The price of property is affected by general legislation. An embargo is laid, and ships, during its continuance, are valueless. The increase or diminution of the tariff affects beneficially or injuriously the value of machinery used in manufactures. The reduction of the price of the public lands affects the price of lands generally in the new ,States. An act authorizing a company or individual to construct a railroad renders useless turnpike roads in its neighbourhood, and the public honses established thereon; but for these injuries no compensation is made. Indeed, it is difficult to find any great public enterprise which does not, in a greater or less degree, afectinjuriously private rights. But these must yield to the general welfare of society.
All enlightened governments reward the inventer. He is justly considered a public benefactor. Many of the most splendid productions of genius, in literature and in thearts, have been conceived and elaborated in a garret or hovel. Such results not only enrich a nation, but render it illustrious. And should not their authors be cherished and rewarded ?
If the assignee- under the eighteenth slection take any tiling, in
my judgment he takes the whole extent of his interest, - the whole or nothing. And it appears to me the construction given by the court is, if possible, less warranted by the section, than to hold that the assignee takes under the extension the entire interest
assigned. The words, "and the benefit of such renewal shall extend to
assignees and grantees of the-right to use the thing patented, to the
extent of their respective interest therein," cannot, it seems to me, by any known rule of construction, be held to give to the assignee or grantee the right to use the machine he may have had in operation at'the tinle the ,extension took effect. The words, "to use
the thing patented," are descriptive of the ,right assigned or granted, and refer to such right, not to the mere use of the machine. "The extent of their respective interest therein" undoubtedly covers the whole interest, and cannot refer merely to the number of machines the individual may have in uperatiun.

Mr. Justice WAYNE -expressed"his dissent from that part of the opinion of the court which, in answer to the second question, gave a right to an assignee to continue the use of the patent-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

693

Wilson v. RobAse.u et al.

ed machine, and said he would probably file his reasons with the clerk.

Mr. Justice WOODBURY.
There is one of the leading questions certified to us in this cause, in the decision of which I have the misfortune to differ from a majority of the court.
As that decision bears on several of the other questions, and also disposes entirely of some of the four causes connected with this matter, which have been so long and so ably under argument before us, I consider it due to the importance o.f this subject to the parties and the public, as well as just to myself, to state the reasons for my dissent.
The difference in our views arises in the construction of the eighteenth section of the patent law of July 4th, 1836, and relates to the benefits which may be enjoyed under it by assignees and
grantees.
Before the passage of that law, a patent could not, under any circumstances, be- extended in its operation for the benefit of any body beyond its original term, except by a special act bf Congress. But this section allowed a patentee to apply to a board of officers and obtain from them a renewal of' his patent for seven years longer, provided he offered to them satisfactory proofs that his expenses and labor in relation to the patent had not beqn indemnified. It -provided further, that, the renewal be indorsed on the back of the original patent; "1and thereupon the said patent shall have the same effect in law as though it had been originaly granted for the term of twenty-one years." It then added, " And the benefit of such renewhl shall extend to assignees and grantees of the right to use the thing patented, to the extent of their respective interests therein." This last clause creates the chief embarrassment. In this case, the patentee having' died, and we having just. decided that a renewal was legally granted to his administrator, the controverted question about which we differ is, whether that renewal inures exclusively to the use of the patentee throughhis administrator, or goes either in full or in part to his assignees and grantees under the old patent. In the present case it is conceded, that by the contract of asignent or grant, nothing is expressly conveyed but th6 old. patent, and in words i only for the original term' of" fourteen years. I
The question is'not, then, whether, when assighing an interest in the old term, before- or after the passage of the act of 1836, it might not be compefent end easy to use language broad and explicit enough to tiansfer an interest in any subsequent extension by
means of the contract of assignment, and this be confirmed by the words of the eighteenth section ; but whether tho e words alone transfer it, or were intended to transfer it, when the contract of as-

694,

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

signment, as in this case, was made before the act of 1836 passed, and referred, eo nomine, only to the old patent, and expressly limited the time for which the patent was assigned to the old term.
In such case, it seems to me that both the language and spirit of this section restrain its operation to the patentee or his legal repre-
sentatives, and convey no rights in the extension to assignees or grantees, whether prior or subsequent, except where the patentee -had clearly contracted that they should have an interest beyond the
original term. But the majority of the court hold here, that this clause, inde-
pendent of any expression in the assignment, transfers an interest in the extension to all assignees and grantees, so jhat they may continue to use any machines already in operation during the new term, without any new contract, or any new compensation for such
farther use. The argument on the part of the assignees, in all the cases be-
fore us, on this subject, has been, that by force of this section all assignees before authorized to make, vend, or use these machines, for fourteen years, could continue to make and vend, as well as use them, for seven more, without any new contract or new considerations; and that "grantees of the right to use" should have a like progngation of all their interests. And such seems to have been the opinion of the Circuit Court in Maryland, in Wilson v. Turner, October term, 1844, Chief Justice Taney presiding, though other points besides arose there, and were disposed of in
that opinion. But now, for the first time, it is believed, since the passage of
the patent law, this court, by force of the last clause in the eighteenth section, not only give to assignees and grantees a greater or longer interest ii the thing patented than was given in the contract of assignment to them, but undertake to introduce a novel discrim-
ination, not seeming to me to be made in the clause itself, and give to assignees of the patent right itself an extension of only a part of their former interest, hut to "1grantees of the right to use" the patent, an extension of all their former interests.
We propose to examine the objections to this decision of the court, first, on the principle of giving to old assignees and grantees an extension of their interests to the new patent at all, unless the contract of assignment to them was manifestly meant to embrace any new term.; and, after that, to examine the propriety of the discrimination in. allowing a right in the renewed patent to grantees of the use, to the extent of all theii old -interests) and withholding a
like privilege from assignees of the patelit itself. First, it has beeh repeatedly decided, that "a thing which is in
the letter of a statute is ndt within the statute, unless it be within the intention of the makers." Dwarris on Statutes, 692 ; Bac.
Abr. Statute.T; 2 Instit. 107, 386.

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

695

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

Here the great design of the whole section was to extend asaistance to an unfortunate and needy class of men of genius, who bad failed to realize any profits from thqir valuable inventions during the first term of their patents. The-intention of the makers of this law is usually conceded to have been reliuf to such patentees, and not to
assignees or grantees.
*It was the former, and not the latter, rwhO were sufferers, and whom Congress had before, by special acts of extension, occasion ally tried to indemnify for their losses ; and to whom now, in a more summary way, on application and proof by them alone, an extension was'authorized to be'given by a board of officers, in order that they
and not others might reap the profits of such extension.
But, by allowing the benefit of it io go to. the former assignees of only the old patent, the intentiQn of the. makers appears -t.o -be defeated, and those profited who have not provied any loss or suffering, but, on the contrary, may have already derived great 'ad-
vantages from the assignment. It might thus happen, likewise, wherej in a case like this, the
patentee has assigned all his old patent before the extension, and the use of it under the extension would constitute all or its chief value, that neither he nor his representatives - he whose genius had produced the whole invention, at the sacrifice of tirhe and toil, and whose sufferings, losses, and disappointments the law is expressly
made to indemnify- would receive the smallest pittance from it; but those reap all its- advantages who may already have grown-rich by
the assignment to them of the old pa.ent, and who nobody can pretend were the particular or principal objects of relief. -Undersuch a construction, how absurd would it be for such a' patentee ever to
apply for an extension, when he must' do it at new cost and expense, .and then have the whole fruits of it stripped from him by persons who had neither paid for the extension, n6Y had it con-
veyed to them. It is an equal violation of the leading intention of this section, and of most of these principles and of much of this reasoning, to allow, as the opinion of the court does, such persons to take, unpaid for and unbought, a part of the benefits of the renewal,
as to take the tohole of them. Secondly, by the construction of the court, contracts and vested
rights seem tobe radically encroached upon. Under it, an assignee of an old patent, limited, in the contract conveying it to fourteen years,
will, for some purposes, get it for twenty-one years, directly in conflict with the express stipulation of the pfarties. Congress will, in this way, be made unworthily to tamper with the private obliga-.
tions of individuals, and will impair them by taking from the rights of one, and enlarging or adding to the rights of the other ; and this without any new consideration or new engagement passing between
them, but, on the contrary, against the wishes, assent, and interests of one. That view, also, involves us in the unreasonable.inference,

696

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

that Congress intended to violate a solemn compact, to, disturb the vested rights and written agreements of parties, when the 4language used is susceptible of a different construction, and one that is consistent with what is just, and with the spirit of the whole section.
By that view, an assignee or grantee will obtain " a right to use the thing patented" for a term of seven years longer than he contracted or paid for, while the patentee, without any such agreement in his contract assigning or granting the right to use, and without any new consideration, will be deprived of all his new and vested rights in the extension, so far as regards that use, and will have his former contract impaired -virtually in its whole vitality, by making him part with the use for a term of twenty-one years, when the contract'says but fourteen, and making him do it, also, without any application by others for the extension, any proof by others of not being indem-
nified, any payment by others of the costs and expenses for procuring the additional seven years, and when the avowed and cardinal object of the renewal was to indemnify him alone for losses which
he and not others had sustained. Well may he say, as to these new aid extended interests attempted to be conferred on assignees and grantees beyond the contract of assignment, in hcec federa non tenj.
Thirdly, the construction I contend for seems to me the only one consistent with the language used in the latter portioMl of the eighteenth section. By this, no part of those troublesome" four
lines is senseless, or expunged, or ungrammatical, or contradictory to the object of the previous portion of the section. While the construction opposed to this must, in my-view, require interpolations or extirpations of wordsand a violation of the object of the-rest of the section, in order to give to the clause the meaning the advocates orthat construction impute to it. Look at the phraseology of the clause. " I The benifit of such renewal shall extend to assignees and grantees of the right to use the thing patented, to the extent of their respective interests therein," but surely to no more than that extent.
It would violate both the words and design*to have them enjoy more than the extent of their interesis therein, quite as much as not to let them enjoy all of the extent of them. In the construction of statutes it is a well settled axiom, that, "to bring a case within the statute, it should be not only within the mischief contemplated by the legislature, but also within the 'plain, intelligible. import of the words of the act of parliament." Brandling v. Barrington, 6 Barp. & Cresw. 475. In this case the assignees and grantees were not within either the mischief intended to be remedied, that is, a want of indemnity for losses by the patentee.; or within the "plain; intelligible-import of the words," as their contract of assignment or grant
did not extend to the renewed term at all,'for any purpose whatever, but was expressly-limited to the fourteen years of the original patent:
.There must be some measure, of their respective interests, when

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

69T

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

the act passed. What was it ? Clearlk, the contracts undar

which they had been acquired. Nothing had been done, either

in other acts or previous portions of this, to increase those inter-

ests beyond the contracts, but merely to enable assignees and grant-

ees of exclusive rights to protect them by suits in their own

names, The present clause, also, does not profess to -increase

those interests, but simply to let assignees and grantees enjoy them

under the renewal, if by their extent by the contract which

limits and defines them they run into the extended term. Various

hypotheses and metaphysical refinements have been resorted to

for the purpose of putting'a meaning on the words of this clause

differing from this, which is so plain and so consistent with the

spirit of the section ; and virtually making it provide, that assign-

ees and grantees shall have more benefits under the renewal in the

thing patented than the " extent of their respective interests

therein."

But before testing more critically the extent of those interests

by the only standard applicable to them, it will be necessary to

consider separately the true meaning of two of the words. employed

in this clause, namely, " renewal" and "1therein."

Much research has been exhibited, in attempting to draw dis-

tinctions in this case between the words renewal 'and extension.

But I am not satisfied that any exist, when these words are em-

ployed as in this act of Congress, or in contracts relating to this

subject. It'is true, that some "renewals" are not "1extensions,"

in the sense of prolonging the term of the patent, - that is, when

an old patent is surrendered and a new one taken out, or a renewal

made for the rest of the term, - while all extensions prolong the term. But still 1 r e n ew als " are as often used for a prolongaition

of the term, or for a new term, ad extensions are, and in this very

section, "1to renew and extend" is used as if synonymous, and

this in sound analogy to the use of the word renewal on several

other subjects. Thus, tor renew a lease is to extend it another

term. To renew an office is to extend it another term. To

renew griefs, revocare dolores, is to extend them. Again; the second 1 th ere in , " at the close of the clause, has been considered

by some as meaning", in tl~e renewal," and by- others, "in the

right to use," and by others still, "in the thing patented." But,

grammatically, it refers to the " thing patented," and hence "cthe

interests therein" are "1the interests in the thing patented."

Phillips tteats it as a matter of course to mean "in the patent," and uses that as synonymous to "1therein," and thouh, in regard

to my construction of the whole ciuse, the result is much the

same, whether "therein " is considered to mean in "the thing

patented," or "the patent," or "the renewal," yet I incline to the

first view of it as that most strictly grammatical and the most nat-

ural, as well as coming nearest to the views of this court in

VOL. IV.

88

G3

698

SUPJ EME COURT.

Wilsoia v. Rousseau et al.

M'Clurg v. Ringslan=4,' How. 210. Further objections to its meaning "in the right to use "will be. stated hereafter, under anoiher bead. Passing, then, to a more careful scrutiny of the whole clause, it would seem, that there could be but one rational test of "the extent' of the interests of assignees and grantees in the thing patented, and that such test must be the previous con,tract 'of assignment or grimt. under which alone they hold any
interests.
If that contract grants to them one f6urth or one half of the.
old patent, or the use of it in one State or county, and for a term of five years, or ten, or fourteen, from the issue of the patent,
then such and such alone is the extent of their interests, and they will not run into the new term. But if the contract goes further, and grants one half or all of' the old patent to assignees, and for a term not only of fourteen years, but twenty-one years, or any number to which the patentee may afterwards become entitled by any
extension or new grant, then such is the extent of their interests, and they will in such case rin into the new term. This view gives meaning and spirit to every word, and excludes or alters none. This, too, conforms to the 'design of the section in taking away no part of the benefit intended to be conferred by it on the patentee, unless' he has chosen to dispose of it clearly and 'deliberately, and 'receive therefor, either in advance or after actually granted, such additional consideration as he deemed adequate and
contracted to be sufficient. If after the word "extent "' in this clause, there had been added,
what is the legal inference, bothi in time and quantity, this meaning might have been still more clear to some. But without those words, the extent of interest seems to me to depend as much on the length of time the patent is granted to the assignee, as on the dimensions of territory over which he may use it, or the proportion of the whole patent he is authorized to use. It -is like a leasehold interest in land, or a grant 6f it. The extent of interest by such a grant of land is more or less, as the term -is shorter or longer, quite as much as if the land conveyed is more' or less, in
quantity. The word 1 extent," in common parlance, varies somewhat in
meaning, according to the subject to which it is applied, and as that changes, it may as well refer to time as to space, or proportion ; and more especially so, when applied to interests, as in
patents, for a particular term of years. There is another analogy in support of this view, that has not
been urged in the ingenious arguments offered, but has struck me with some force. A patent was the description once applied to commissions for office; and the records of this court at first speak of the commissions of the judges as patents.
Now what is the extent of inteiest the incumbent has in any

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

6099

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

office under his commission or patent ? Clearly, in part, the length of'time it is to run, whether four years, during good behaviour, or for life, and in part only its yearly profits ; often quite as much depending on that length of time, as the amount of the salary or fees annually attached to the office.
What is the chief objection in reply to all this ? Nothing, except that thb assignee could get protected t0 the extent of his interest, in this view, by the contract alone, without the aid of the provision at the close of the eighteenth section, and hence that the provision is in this view unnecessary or nugatory, and must havd been inserted for some other purpose. But were it in reality unnecessary, that would not require us to consider it as intending something different from its words, or different from the previous contracts of the parties. Legislatures often add clauses to acts, which do not prove to be in reality necessary, but are inserted from abundant 'caution and to remove future doubts or litigation. So, in this
very act; in the eleventh section, it is declared, that a patent may
be assigned. Yet this is'probably unnecessary, as an-interest like that of a patentee can of course be assigned, on common law principles, without the aid of a statute.
When we look; however, to another circumstance, - that, though a contractof assignment would, without any clause in the statute, pass the interest to the assignee, yet it would not -enable him to sue in
his own name, - we can discover another reason for this provision still more effective. A clause had been inserted in a previous part of the act to enable the assignee to sue in his own name on the old patent, if violated ; and, probably in doubt whether such provision would be- extended to assignees under the renewal, when h4aving any
interest therein, it was provided firther, that I"the benefit of the renewal" should reach them to the extent of their interests therein, a part of which benefit would be to sue in their own name for any infringement on their rights to it, as fully as they could do for a violation of their rights in the original patent, and as if that had been for twenty-one years. The provision thus would be far from nugatory, by clearly conferring on them every power and privilege to
sue under the extension which they possessed under the original patent.
By means of this provision, also, in another view, the condition of the parties might be changed, from a reliance on a contract
alone that they should have a certain interest in the new patent, to a vested interest in' it ; or, in another view still, from an executory to an executed right.
There is, in the construction given by some of the majority of the
court to the clause immediately preceding this, another.ample rea-
son for inserting such a provision. The previous clause, stating, that "thereupon the said patent shall
have the'same ieffect in law as though it had been originally granted for

700

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

the term of twenty-one years," would, it is argued, if the section, had there ended, have conferred on any assignee or grantee of the old patent, or any part of it, the extended term, so as to enable them to use the patent as if it originally 'had been granted for
twenty-one years instead of fourteen. Suppose, then, for a moment, that this construction was consid-
ered by Congress proper, or only possible, it is manifest that the
additional clause which follows had a second and most pregnant object, - no less than to prevent that consequence, so hostile to the design of inserting the whole section,- io grant an extended term for the benefit and indemnity of the patentee, and not of the assignee. In this view, the lasi clause might well be added, as a limitation on what would otherwise be the inference from that just preceding it ; and might well declare, instead of this inference, that assignees
of the old patent should not hold it, in "all cases, as if originally granted for twenty-one years, though patentees might ; but that assignees should hold only in conformity to "the extent of their respective interests "1in the thing patented. In other words, if by contract they had acquired clearly an interest for twenty-one years,
they should hold for that time ; but if by contract they had acquired an interest for only five orfourteen years, they should hold it only
to that extent. This is rational, consistent with the great object of the section, and gives new and increased force and necessity to the clause. The assignees would then, after the renewal, hold the patent for all the time they had stipulated, and for all they had
paid, but for no more. It will be perceived, that very few assignees or grantees, prior to
the passage of the act of 1836, would in this view be likely to come under this provision, and be benefited by it; because, not knowing that any future law would pass allowing an extension,' very few would be likely to anticipate one, and prqvide in their
contract and pay- for a contingent interest in its benefits. This would make the provision, in practice, apply chiefly to future
assignees, who, knowing that such a provision existed, might be willing to give something for a right to any extension which might ever take place under it ; and therefore might expressly stipulate in the assignment for that right. Indeed, the arguments on the part of the patentee in this case have mostly proceeded on the ground that this provision was intended to apply solely and' exclusively to future assignees. Cdnsideing that any other construction is in some degree
retrospective, and that this would give force to the provision, as well as preserve the spirit of the section, I should be inclined to adopt it, if mine did not produce a like effect, and was not alike free
from objection, as limited by me : because I do not make the provision retrospective except in cases where the parties had expressly contracted that the prior assignee should receive the benefit of any extension, and in that case it has the preference in its operation

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

701

Wilson V. Rousseau et al.

over the other view, as it carries into effect that express compact, and does not cramp the force of it to the future alone, where the language and the consideration are equally applicable to past engagements of this character.
This conclusion is also strengthened by being in harmony with all the leading rules of donstruction applicable to statutes, while that adopted by the court seems, to my mind, to violate some of the
_most important of them. Beside those already referred .to, it is well settled, that "if a
particular thing be given or limited in the preceding parts 'of a statute, this shall not be taken away'or altered by any subsequent general ivords of the same statute." Dwarris, 658 ; Standen v. The University of Oxford, 1 Jones, 26 ; 8 Coke, 118, b. Here a particular benefit ifi, by the former part of the eighteenth section, con-
ferred on a patefitee, for reasons applicable to him alone ; and yet, in this case, by the opposite construction, a few general words towards the, close are construed so as in some respects to destroy entirely all those benefits to the patentee ; and that, too, when the language
is susceptible of a different construction, more natyral and perfectly consistent with the previous particular grant to-the patentee.
Some collateral considerations have been urged in support of the conclusions of the court on this branch of the c6nstruction, which deserve notice. On a close scrutiny, they appear to me to am6ra to less in any respect than is supposed, and in some par-
ticulars strengthen the grounds of dissent. Thus, it has been said that the English act of the 5th and 6th of William the Fourth, passed September 18th, 1835, was before Congress in 1836, and was intended to be copied or adopted ; and as, under that, assignees have been allowed to participate in the extended time, it has been argued that such was the intention here. But it is doubtful whether. that act was before the committee when they reported the bill in 1836, as the intervening time had been short, and the eighteenth section, on examining the journals and files, appears not to have been in the hill at all as originally introduced, or as originally reported ; but was afterwards inserted as an amendment in the Senate. The consideration of this section, therefore, does
not seem to have been so full as- of the rest of the bill ; and it is very far, in language, from being a copy of the English act. Assignees are not named at all in that'act ; and though, in extensions under it, assignees have in tivo or three cases been allowed to par-
ticipate, it has only been where an enlarged equity justified it, as where the patentee consented, or was to receive a due share in
the benefits, or had clearly conferred a right in the extension by the assignment ; and where, also, the assignees are expressly named in the new grant or patent as entitled-to a share of it. See Webster's
Patent Cases, 477. There, also, an assignee, under like circumstances, would doubt-
G3*

702

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson r. Rousseau et al.

less benefit by the renewal, under its ordinary operations ; and the practice in England, thus limited, will fortify rather than weaken the construction I adopt of the6rue design of the last clause in our own law. . There is much, also, in, another-collateral consideration here, which does not apply in Great Britain, and which restricts conferring the benefit of an extension, or an extension itself. on an assignee by or under any-statute, if it goes beyond what a patentee
had himself contracted to d6. Here the Constitution limits the powers of Congress to give pa-
tents to inventers alone. " The Congress shall have power to promote the progress of
science and the useful arts, by securing, for limited times, to authors and inventers, the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries." - Article I., § 8.
No authority. is conferred to bestow exclusive rights on others than "authors and inventers " themselves.
- Hence a patent could not probably be granted to an assignee, nor an extension bestowed on one, independent of the assent or agreement of the patentee, or of its inuring to his benefit, without raising grave doubts as to its being a violation of the Constitution. But so far as inventers have expressly agreed that; assignees shall be interested in their patents, or in the extensions of them, the latter may well be protected ; and so, as far as administrators represent the inventer or patentee, when deceased, ihe grant to them is substantially a grant to the inventer, As the benefit then inures to his es-
tate and heirs. But to grant an exclusive right to an assignee would confer no benefit on the patentee, or his estate ; and it would violate the spirit as well as letter of the Constitution, unless the inventer had himself agreed to it, and had substituted
the assignee for himself by plain contract, whether foe the original term or any extension of it.
Cases have been cited in this country, likewise, where Congress, in ten or twelve instances, have renewed patents to the inventers ;
but they have never done it to assignees. And though in two out of the whole, which were renewed after the term had expired and the assignees and the public were m the free use of the patent, some limitations have been imposed on requiring further payments from the assignees for the longer use of the old patent ; yet in these only, and under such peculiar circumstances, has it been done,
and in these no term was granted by Congress directly to the assignee rather than the patentee ; and this limitation or condition in favor of the assignee, in the grant to the patentee, is of very questionable validity, unless it was assented to by the patentee. In this case it is most significant of the views of Congress tb relieve the patentee rather than assignees, that by a special law, passed February 26th, 1845, they have conferred on the representative of the

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

'703

Wilson V. Rousseau et al.

original patentee still another term of seven years, without mentioning the assignees in any way, and without any pretence that the benefits of this extension were designed for them.
The argument, that the assignee is sometimes a partner, and makes liberal advances, furnishes -a good reason, in a pecuniary view, why an assignment should be made to, him of such an interest in the old patent as will indemnify him, but furnishes none for giving him, even if'he regards money above public spirit or benevolence,
more *an an indemnity; or for giving him a benefit in any renewal, 'hich it has never been agreed he should have, and for
which he never'has paid.
So the reasoning, that the assignee stands in the shoes or in the place of the patentee, and represents him, and therefore should bave an interest in the'extension, appliei very-well, so far as he is assignee, or so far ag the contract extends. But he no mor6 stands in the shoes of the patentee beyond the extent of his contract, than an entire stranger does. Such are the cases of Herbert v.
Adams, 4 Mason, 15, and that cited in 1 Hawk. P. C. 477, 'note.
In one, the assignee of the old patent represented the patentee as to that, and that only ; and in the other, where by law a further copyright was authbrized inall cases, and the patentee assigned his whole interest, the second term passed also ; because the law hadpreviously given it absolutely, without contingency or evidence of losses, but in connection with, or appurtenant to, the first copyright.
Again, it has been urged that the assignee shpuld have the benefit of the extensi6n ; otherwise he may have made large expenditures, in preparing for a free use of the patent after the original term expires, and will loose them in a great degree, or be obliged to pay largely for the continued use of the patent. But this same rseigansoenein; g applies equally well to the whole world as to the as-
because any individual, not an assignee, may have incurred
like expenditures in anticipation of the expiration and free use of the old patent. In fact, the argument is rather a legislative than judicial one, and operates against the policy of the whole section,
rather than the construction put on the last clause. But- the hardship to any person, in such case, is more apparent-
than real. The price.to he paid for the new patent is not so much as the gain by it, and hence those who have proposed to use it and do use it after the extension, and pay anew for a new or further term, gain rather than loose, or they, would have employed the old machinery in operation before this invention.
Nor is it-any relief to the community at large, as seems by some to have beda argued, to hold that the renewal, or a large part of it, vests in the'assignee and grantee ratheor than in the patentee. For
the great mass of the people must still pirchase the patent, or the

704

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

right to- use it, of some one, and must pay as much for it to the as-
signee as to the patentee. Finally, the construction of the court, by conferring any privi-
lege whatever on assignees and grantees beyond the extent of their interests in the thing patented, when those interests, as in this case, were expressly limited in thp -contract to the term of the old patent, goes, in my view, beyond the language of the act, beyond the contract of assignment, beyond- the consideration paid for only -the old term, and beyond any intention in the legislature for relief or indemnity to others than unfortunate patentees.
I feel not a little fortified in these views on the case, by several decisions and opinions that have heretofore been made, in substantial conformity to them. Indeed, independent of opinions in some of the actions now before us (from which an appeal has been taken, or the cause has come up on a certificate of division), every reported case on this subjebt has been settled substantially in accordance
with these views. See Woodworth v. Sherman, and Woodworth v. Cheever et al., Cir. Ct. for Mass., May Term, 1844, decided by Justice Story-; Van Hook v. Wood, Cir. Ct. for New York,
October Term, 1844, by Justice Betts ; Wilson v. turteis & Grabon, Cir. Ct. for Lauisiana, by Justice McCaleb; Brooks & Morris v. Bicknell et al., Cir. Ct. for Ohio, July Term, 1,844, by Justice McLean (Western Law Journal, October, 1845) ; Butler's opinion, as Attdrney-General, in Blanchard's case (Opinions of Attorneys-General, pp. 1134 and 1209).
All that remains for me is to advert a moment to that branch of the construction adopted by the majority of th court, which, after giving to both assignees and grantees a benefit in the new patent or term beyond "-the extent of their interesis" under the contract of assignmelit, undertakes to go still farther, and make a discrimi-
nation between assignees and grantees, as to the enjoyment, under the renewal, of their different original interests. It gives to the latter, the grantees, by the mere force of this last clause in the eighteenth section, the enjoyment of all their old interests during the whole of the new term; but it gives to the former, the assignees, the enjoyment of only abbut a third portion of their old interests during that ierm. In other words, it gives to " grantees of the right to use the thing patented " a continuance of all their interests ; but to assignees, whose interests extended to the right to make and to vend, as well as use, the thing patented, a continu-
ance of only a part of theirs. In such a discrimination, uncountenanced and unwarranted, as it seems to me, by either the words
or the spirit of the act of Congress, I am sorry to find another strong ground of dissent to the opinion of the court. The act
does not say, as is their construction, that " the benefit" of only "the right to use the thing patented " shall extend to any one, whether an assignee or grantee ; but that the benefit of the re-

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

705

Wilson v. Roussead et al.

newal shall extend to both, "to the extent of their respective inter-

ests," though differing clearly in extent as they do, and as will-

soon be more fully shown.

"Judges are bound to take the act of parliament as the legis-

lature have made it." 1 D. & E. 52, and Dwarris on Statutes,

711.

But the words in this act, " the right to use the thing patented,"

must be transposed, and other words altered in their ordinary mean-

ing, to make these a description of the interests conferred. -

They are now a description of one kind of purchasers, that is

"grantees of the right to use the thing patented," to whom the

renewal should extend, if they had stipulated for any interests therd-

in by their contracts. The clause refers to two-classes, who may

in such case be benefited by the renewal. " Assignees" are one

class, and "grantees of the right to use the thing patented" are the

other class. This accords with the language itself, and also

with the punctuation of this clause, as examined by me in manu-

script on file in the Senate, and as printed by the State department,

having no comma or other pointing in it except after the word

"patented." It accords, too, with what is well understood to be

the fact, that assignees and grantees usually constitute two distinct

classes of purchasers, the former being those who buy a part or, all

of the patent right itself, and can protect their interests by suits in

their own name; and the latter being those who buy only "the

right to use the thing patented," and generally, except where the use

is exclusive (fourteenth section), cannot institute suits in their own

name for encroachments upon it. In th face of -this, to hold that

assignees and grantees mean the same thing here, and that the

words " of the right to use the thing patened" apply equally to

both, is a departure from the above established usage in employ*ng

those terms, and gives a different meaning to them from what is.

previously twice given in this very act. 'Thus in the eleventh section

an "assignment" is mentioned as one thing, and "a grant and con-

veyance of the exclusive right,?' &c'., as another, and in the four-

teenth section, "assigns " are spoken of as if 'one class, bod

"grantees of the exclusive right," &c., as if another. And why

does the conclusion to this clause say "to the extent of their respec-

tive interests therein," if such assignees and' grantees as to patents

were- not in this very clausb considered by.Congress as having dif-

ferent interests, axnd that these- were to be protected according to

their respective extents ? It would have said, and mast be made

to say, if sustaining the construction of the court, "to the extent

of that right," or " to the extent of that interest," and there stop.

Manifestly, then, there is not conferred on these two classes, by

this clause, either in its spirit or in totidem veris, merely "the

right to inse the thing patented," but on the contrary', "the benefit

of the renewal," "to the extent of their respective interests in the'

VOL. xV.

89

706

SUPREME COURT.

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

thing patented." The interests of the grantees may be limited to the use, and those of the assignees -may not be, but include the
tight to make and vend as well as use ; yet large or long as may be the interests of either, the benefit of the renewal is to cover them, if the extent of them, under the original assignment or grant, reached to the new term. One is not to have the whole of his iiterest6 protected and the other a-part only, when their equities are the same. But the assignee is to have to the extent of his, which is to make, vend-, and use ; and the grantee only "of the right to use" is to have to the extent of his.
This, to my apprehension' is unquestionably the substance of what Congress has said on this topic; and yet it is only by supposing'new language not in the' act, or by transposing some of the
old, -soas notv to be in: harmony with the original structure of the sentence, or by giving a meaning to words different from what hls Been established and, in my view, only by doing this, that any foundation can be laid in suplort-of this part of the construction approved by the court. But "it is safer," said Mr. J. Ashurst, "1to adopt what the legislature have actually said, than to suppose whaf they meant to say.". 1ID.& E. 52 ; 6 Adolph. & Ellis, 7.
It may be well, also, not to forget, that it is always more judicial, and less like legislation, to adhere to what Congress have actuallysaid3, and that it is more imperative to do this when by adhering to it yov carry out, as in this case, the manifest intention of the previous part of the section. Nor can the inconsistency produced by the con-struction of the court be without influence in creating doubts as to its correctness ; as by it "the . benefit of the renewal" will be extended to assignees and grantees not in a ratio with "their respective interests," -the words of the law, - nor in conformity to their respective contracts, nor according to the respective considerations they have phid, nor in proportion -to the respective losses thty have sustained, but, under the same general permission as to the extent of the 1 respective interests" of both, one class will be allowed to the full extent of his previous interests, and the other io only a part of that extent.
By what authority, let me respectfully ask, is this general permission thus divided, and in one class or case limited and in the other not ? By what legal authority are assignees cut off from a vauable portion of their interests in a patent, while grantees to use the thing patented are allowed to exercise the whole of theirs, and both
under one and the same general permission, covering all 1 their respective interests "? To make this discrimination, and allow to one class the full exteqt of their interests and to the other not the full extent of theirs, when the law says it shall be "to the extent of their respective interests," and when their respective contracts and equities show that this should include both the duration and quantity
of their interests, looks like a.distinction in a great degree arbitrary,

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

707

Wilson v. Rousseau et al.

and not a little in conflict with the plain words and design of the act
of Congress. But, beside this further departure from what seems to me the
obvious meaning of the eighteenth section, caused by this branch of the construction of the court, it will fail, I fei4r, as any compromise of the difficulties arising undir this section, if any compromise be expected from it. It is not likely to avert ruin from most of those. indigent inventers, who have in their distresses resorted for aid to the delusive provisions of that section. Their very necessities and embarrassments, which are the justification for granting the renewal to them, have usually. forced them to sell and assign all the original
patent, as was the case with Woodworth'in this instance ; and if in such circums-arfces the law is to strip them of all benefits under
the renewal, and, Aithout any contract -to that effect, confer those benefiti on the assignees and grantees of the old patent, the law is perfectly suicidal as to the only design to be effected by its bounty. But if, seeing this, the construction is modified, as here, by the court, so as to deprive the patentee in such cases of only the benefits of the use of his old patent or old machines during the new term, this qualification in the operation of the law will, it is apprehended, usually prove a mere mockery, working, in most cases, as fully as the court's construction without the qualificalion would,
the entire defeat of the laudable object of the renewal towards patentee$. In one or.two of the cases now-before us, the patentee, nider, this construction, will still be subjected to defeat and bur-
densome costs. In relation to its effect on the present patent as a whole, all,the consequences cannot now be ascertained. But it is admitted, that the iiiv#nter had assigned the whole of the old patent, so that no right whatever to use will remain in his repre-
sentatives to dispose of; or if a right remains where ma~hines are not now in ictual use, probably enough are now in use to supply for some time the public wants in most parts of the United States.
The right to continue to use them will probably last during the whole seven years the renewal runs, as the machine will usually, with proper repairs, do serice beyond that time. It will not, t1*f, be very difficult to calculate what value, during the seven years, will be dejived from the right to make and vend machines, when the use of others already in existence is scattered over
every section of the country, and they may be employed all the time of the extended patent, without the assignees or grantees ever
having paid or being obliged to pay a dollar for that extended use. Looking, then, to the beneficent design of the eighteenth sec-
tion, to enforce the Constitution, by advancing science and the arts,, and protecting useful inventions, through the security for a longer teli to men of genius of a property in their own labors, in cases
where they had not been already remun'erated for their time and expenses, I cannot but fear that the construction given by the ma-

708 ,

SUPREME tCOURT. Wilson v. Rousseau et at.

jority of the' court will prove most:.iufortunate. It will tend to plunge into still deeper embarrassmeit and destitution, by losses in litigation and by deprivation of a further extended sale of their inventions, those whose worth and poverty induced Congress to
attempt to aid them. Nor would a different construction tie up, as some suppose, the
future use of numerous, patents. Of the fourteen thousand five hundred and twenty-six heretofore issued, since the Constitution
was adopted, I am enabled, by the kindness of the Commissioner
of Patents, to state, that only ten have been renewed tinder the eighteenth section during nearly ten years it has been in operation.
And if the individuals'who u2e the improved machines, the fruit of the toil and expense and science of others, were obliged in but one case in a year, over the whole country, to pay something for that further use, is it a great grievance ? They are not obliged to employ the patent at all, and will not unless it is better by the amount they pay than what was in use before. And is it d, great hardship or inequitable, where they are benefited by another's talents, money, and labor, to compensate him in some degree there-
for ? While other countries, and Congress, and our State courts are
adopting a ino~e liberal course yearly towards such public benefactors as inventers, I should regret to see this high tribunal pursue a kind of construction open tothe imputation of an opposite charac-
ter, or be supposed by any one to evince a feeling towards patentees which belongs to other ages rather than this (and which .I am
satisfied is not cherished) as if patentees were odious monopolists of the property and labors of others, when. in truth They are only asking to be protected in the enjoyment and sale of their own,
as truly their own as the wheat grown by the farmer, or the. wagon built by the mechanic.
Nor should we allow any prejudices against the utility of patents generally, and much less against the utility of the invention now under consideration, to make our constructions more rigid in, this case. The settled doctrine of the courts now, under the lights of
longer experience; though once otherwise, is in doubtful cases to incline to constructions most favorable to patentees. Grant et al. v. Raymond; 6 Peters, 218; 1 Sumner, 485 ; Wyeth i. Stone, 1 Story's Rep. 287 ; Blanchard v. Sprague, 2 Story's Rep. 169. Nor is it strange that this should be the case-in the nineteenth century, however different it was some generations ago, when we daily -witness how the world has been benefited since by the patented inventions and discoveri~s in steam, in all its wonderful varieties and utilities, and in cleani.ig, spinning, and weaving cotton by machinery for almost half the human race, and in myriads of other' improvements in other things, shedding so benign a light over th. age in which we live, and most of them excited and matured only

JANUARY TERM, 1846.

709

Simpson et al. v. Wilson.

under the protection secured to their inventers by an enlightened
government.
Some estimate can be formed of the usefulness of the'present patent, and its title to favor, when one machine is computed to perform the labor of planing and grooving in one day that would require fifty days by a man, and whhih is supposed to reduce near seven tenths the expense of such work in every building where the improved method is used, -as it ere long will be by the many millions of our own population, and in time over the civilized world. Every honest social system must shield such inventions,
and every wise one seeks undoubtedly to encourage them. To be liberal, then, in the protection of patentees, is only to be
just towards the rights of property. To stimulate them in this and other ways to greater exertions of ingenuity and talent is to increase the public wealth, and hasten the progress of practical improvements, as well as' of science. And to discountenance encroachments on their rights, and defeat piracies of their useful labors, is calculated in .the end to better the condition of every rank in society, and introduce wider and faster all the benefits of a superior state of civilization and the arts.

AnDRnw P. SIDIPSON, JosEPH FousyTr, AND BAGDAD MILLs, ArPEL. LANTS, V. J.A Es G. WILsoN.

The decision of the court in the preceding case of Wilson v. Rousseau et al., namely, that when a patent is renewed under the act of 1836, an assignee under the old patent has a right to continue the use of the patented machine, but not to vend others, again affirmed.
An assignment of an exclusive right to use a machine, and to vend the same to others for use, within a specified territory, authorizes the assignee to vend elsewhere, out of the said territory, the product of said machine.
'The restriction upon the assignee is ony that he shall use the machine within the specified territory. There is none as to the sele of the product.

Tirs case came up on a certificate of division in opinion be-

tween the Judges of the Circuit Court of the United States for

the District of Louisiana, sitting as a court of equity.

Wilson was the complainant below, who filed a bill, and ob-

tained an injunction against Simpson, Forsyth, and Mills. After sundry proceedings in the case, Forsyth put in a plea, and a rule

was obtained, that-the plaintiff should show cause why the injunc-

tion should not be dissolved. Upon argument, the court dismissed

the rule, and the case was set down for hearing by consent of par-

ties ; the complainants not admitting the facts alleged in the plea,

but for the purpose of raising the questions of law which they-in-

volved, and obtaining a speedy decision of the same.

VOL. IV.

H 3

