JANUARY TERM, 1847.

91

Bridges et aL. v. Armour et'al.

argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby afflirmed, with costs and damages at the rate of six per bent per annum.

HENRY D. BRDEs, JOHN K. MlAaa&Y, JArsr N. HARPER, AND STERN
SIMMONDS, LATE MERCHANTS AND PARTNERS IN TRADE,, UNDER TE NA=E, FIRM, AND STYLE OF BRiDGs, MABRAY, AND COmPANY,
PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, v. WILLIA1 Aumoun, HENRY LAKE, AND
ftLIx WALKER, LATE MERCHANTS AND PARTNERS IN TRADE, UNDER THMENAME, FIRml AND STYLE OF ARmoUR, LAKE, AM WALKER,
DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.
Aparty upon the record, although divested of all interest in the event ofthe suit, is not a competent witness m a cause.
If a person be declared a bankrupt at ,a time when a suit is pending to which he is a party, his discharge would not be a bar to his liability for costs upon a judgment obtained subsequently to his discharge. His liability for costs, thercfore, excludes him as a witness upon the ground f interest.
Ifthe event of the suit may increase the effects of the bankrupt in the hands of the assignee, and thus increase the surplus which would belong to ii, he is an incompetent witness.
THis caSe was brought up, by *rit of error, from the DiStrict Court of the United States for the Northern District of Mississippi.
On the 26th of September, 1840, Bridges, Mabray, & Co., gave their promissory note to Armour, Lake, '& W lker,* or order, payable one, day after date, for $3,158.69, being balance of bookaqcount, bearing interest at eight per cent per annum, from the ist day of August, 1840, until paid.
The note not being paid, a suit was commenced on the 12th of November following. As no question arises upon the pleadings, it will be unnecessary to refer to them. They resulted in several issues of fact.
On the trial, in June term, 1844, the plaintiffs offered in evidence the deposition of Walker, a coplaintiff on the record, taken in answer to interrogatories and cross-interrogatories before a commissioner in New Orleans, in pursuance of a stipulation between the attorneys ; and in which the attorney for the defendants agreed to waive any exception for want of issuing a commission, ini due form, to take the testimony, or for want of notice of its execution to the defendants.
It appeared on the trial that Walker had obtained a discharge under the bankrupt act, by which be was discharged from all his -debts owing by.bim at the tinie of presenting his petition, to wit, on

92

SUPREME COURT.

Bridges et al. v. Armour et al.

the 30th of December, 1842. The discharge was granted on the '12th of May, 1843.
In one of the interrogatories in chief the question was, put to the witness Whether 'or not he had any interest in the event of the suit, and, if none, in what manner his interest had ceased. To which he answered, that he had none, and that his interest ceased on obtaining his discharge. . The counsel for the defendants objected-to the admission of the deposition, on the ground that Walker was a party to the record, one of the plaintiffs in the suit ; but the objection was overruled, and the evidenc& admitted, to which the.counsel exdepted. The plaintiffs had a verdict.
The cause wad argued by ,fr. Coxe, for the plaintiffs in error,
and by Mr. Cuhalmers, for the defendfnts in error.
-Mr. 'oxe contended,
1. That the deposition of Walker, then and still a party plaintiff on the record, was inadmissible.
2. That. even if. his discharge, under the bankrupt act, could make him a eompetent .witness, it was necessary to establish that fact, as preliminary to 'the reading of his deposition, and by independent proof. "
Walker's name is still upon the record, and he is one of the

defendants in error in this court. The general rule upon the subject is clear, and the exceptions are fewr. The plaintiff in error must bring himself within one of the exceptions. 1 "Peters, 596.
The case in 1 Peters, G. C. R. 307, was overruled by this court in 12 Pqters, 145, where it is said that the circuit decision is not to be sustained upon any ground.'
The only exception to the general rule is in cases of tort where, there are -several defensdants. The court will direct one to be acquitted, if justice requires it, in' order that he may be a witness. 10 Pick. 18 ; 4 Wend. 453; 1 Bayly, S. C. 308 ; 10 Pick. 57 ; 2 Bayly,. 427. As to the. extinguishment of his'interest by the bankruptcy, see 10 Wheaton, 367, 375,,384.
An insolvefit party cannot be a witness, but a certificated bankrupt may, provided his name be struck out of the record. 9 Cranch, 4153, 158.
JfMr. Chalmers, for defendants in error.
The only question presented upo.n fhe record in this case is the competency of Felix Walker, a party to the record, whose deposition had been taken upon interrogatories, by consent, after his discbargh'under the bankrupt act qf Congress, of the lth of August, 1841. "The suit was comraenced 20th of November, 1840, by' Armour, Lake, & Walker (the witness) against plaintiffs in errr; on the 12th of May, 1843, Walker vas discharged ; and on the 24th

JANUARY TERMi 1847.

93

Bridges et at. v. Armour et al.'

of M'1ay, 1843, his deposition was taken, which upon the trial plahitiffs in error objected to being read, upon the ground "that the said-
Felix Walker is a party to the record," which objection was overruled by the court, and the deposition was read ; to which opinion of the court a bill of exception was taken, and upon it the casd is
before' this court. It will not 'be seriously urged that Walker, the witness, was in-
competent on'the ground of interest, he having received his discharge under the bankrupt act, by which his interest was extinguisfied and
so far his competency restored. For whatever interest he may have had, it was extinguished when 'he was sworn, and could form no objection to his competency. 1 Phillips on Ev. 133, by Cow. & Hill; Tennant -. Strachan, 4 Carr & Payne, 31 ; 1 Mood. & Malk. 377. Indeed, if it did, plaintiffs in error waived the objection by failing to make it when the deposition was taken, - it being known to them atthe time. United States v. One Case of Hair-pencils, Pain's C.'
C. R. 400. So when a witness has been cross-examined by a party with a full knowledge of an objection .to his competency, a court of equity will not allow the objection. Flagg v. Mann, 2 Sumner's C. C. R. 486. But the objection was to the competency of Walker as a party to the record.
It is a general rule'in all commoh law courts, that a party on the record cannot be admitted to testify ; the reason of this rule is the interest of the party called, and wherever that Qan be extinguished the rule ceases. In New York the rule, it seems , excludes the part" without regard t6 the question of whether he be interested or 4tot ;
but see Stein v. Bowman, 13 Peters, 209, 219 ; Worrall vt. Jones, 7 Bing. 395 ; Aflalo v. Fourdrinier, 6 Bing. 306 ; Bate v. Russell, 1 Mood. & Malk. 332 ; Hart v. Heilner, 3 Rawle, 407 ; Scott v. 'Lloyd, 12 Peters, 145, 149 ; Henderson v. Anderson, 3 Howard, 73 ; Smyth t. Str~der, 4 Howard, 404.
In the case of Willings v. Consequa, I P~ters's C. C. Rep. 307, Washington, J., says "the general rulc of law certainly is, that a party to a suit cannot be a competent witness. -But it is equally so, that the interest which that party has in the event of the suit, both as to costs and the subject in dispute, lies at the foundation of the rule, "and when that interest is removed the objection ceases to exist." Mills,' J., in Lampton v. Lampton's Executors, 6 Monroe, 617, 618. Upon a fill view of all the cases,* the counsel for defendants in error respectfully contends, that the District Court did not err in permitting the deposition of the party, Walker, to be read

* See those collected in 2 Phillips on Ev. by CQwen & Hill, notes, pages 134-
136, 260-266; Haswell a. Bussing, 10 Johns. 128; Scheruerho~n a. Schermerhornm, 1 Wend. 12M, citing 3 Esp. & 3 Campbell; Supervisors of' Chenango v. Birdsall, 4 Wend. 453; Duncan v. Vatson, 2 Smedes & MIarshall, 121; 1 Bing. 444 6 Bin. n3eHar1.6;&4 MNceHw.Y1o5r2k;,234S; ta2rkDiaeyo, n40E4;v.11M06a1s, sn.oRte. 5g2. 7; 12 Ibid. 258; 16 Ibid. 118;

,94

S.UPREME COURT.

Bridges et al. v. Armour et al.

to the jury, upon the ground of interest, or being a party, and that if incompetent for either cause the objection was waived by not having been made at the taking of the deposition.

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court.
Whether a party on the record, divested of all interest in the result of the suit, and therefore unexceptionable 'on that ground, is a competent witness or not in the cause, can scarcely be regarded as an open question in this court, after what has already
fallen from it. It is true, as stated by the counsel in the argument, that in all
the cases in which the question has arisen, the party was liable for the costs of suit, and therefore interested ; but whenever the question has been presented, the language of the court has bpen uniform, that the witness was incompetent on the ground of his being a party on the record; De Wolf v. Johnson, 10 Wheaton, 367, 384 ; Scott v. Lloyd, 12 Peters, 145; Stein v. Bowman et al., 13 Peters, 209.
In Scott v. Lloyd the court referred to a case in I Peters's C. C. R. 301, wheie it had been held, that a party named on the record might be made a competent witnessi by a release of his interest, and expressed its unqualified dissent; and in Stein v. Bowman et al. (13 Peters, g09), in which Bowman, a palty, hail been admitted, the court, after noticing his liability for costs, remarked, that if he had been released, qr a sum of money sufficient to cover the costs of suit brought into court, his competency would not have
been restored. The exclusion is placed on the ground of policy, which forbids a
party from being a witness in his own cause, and that this would be the practical effect and operation of a rule of evidence, which would enable a party qualifytohimself for a witness by releasing his interest in the suit. Thugh nominally discharged by the, release, he wduldyusually, be the real and substantial party to the suit in feeling, if not in interest ; thereby holding out to litigants temptations to perjury, and to the manufacturing of witnesses, in the administra-
tion of justice. The question is one in respect to which different courts have en-
tertained different opinions, and we admit that.the argument in favor of the admission of the party, upon the general principles of evi-" dence governing the competency of witnesses, is plausible, and not without force. But the tribunals which maintain the competency of the party, if divested" of interest, still hold that he cannot be compelled to testify, and, also, that he cannot be- gompelled to testify when called against his interest ; which, upon general principlps, if consistently carried out and allowed to .govern the question in the admission of the party, 'would lead them to an opposite result. They -should be compelled to testfy ; for if the admission is

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

95

Bridges et al. v. Arm'our et al.

pla6ed, as it undoubtedly is, upon principles applicable to- the ad-mission and rejection of witnesses generally, "i the cause, and the party to be regarded as competent when without interest, or indifferent, or when called against his interest, then, like all other witnesses, he should be subject to the writ of subpoena, and to the compulsory process of the court ; and not left at liberty to withhold or bestow his testimony at will.
There can be no distinction in principle, in this respect, in favor of a party to the record, if allowed as a witness at all ; and the only ground upon which the court can stop short of going the length indi-cated, is, by giving. up general principles, and placing itself upon policy and expediency,.as upon the whole best subservng, in the instances mentioned, the interests of justice, and of all concerned in its administration,'- a ground which has been supposed, by those holding a different opinion upon the question, quite suflicient to justify the entire excrusion of the party.
But the witness in this case is also liable .to objection on the ground of interest. This suit was pending at the time he was declared a bankrupt and obtained his discharge ; and it is quite clear, if the defendants had eventually succeeded, the discharge would n6t have been a bar to his liability for the costs of the suit. -The judgment would have been a debt accruing subsequent to ' the- discharge, which could not have been proved under the act. Act of
Congress, August 19, 1841, § 4 (5 Statutes at Large, 443);
Haswell v. Thorogood, 7 Barn. and Cr. 705 ; Brough v. Adcock, 7 Bing. 650. His future effects, therefore, wbuld-have been liable.
And even if the discharge could have operated in bar of his liability for the costs, the witness was still interested to procure a recovery in favor of the plaintiffs, as it would to .ilcrease the effects of his estate in the hands of the assignee, to he extent of his interest in the demand in suit, and to increase the urplus, if any, which would belong to him.
For this reason, a defendant, who-has pleaded his certificate, upon which a nolle prosequi has been entered by the plaintiff, is not a competent witness for his codefendant, without first releasing his interest in this fund. He would otherwise be interested in defeating a recovery of the demand.in suit, as he wQuld thereby diminish the claims upon his joint and separate property, and thus increase the surplus, if any, in winding up the estate. Butcher v. Forman, 6 Hill, 583 ; Aflalo v. Fourdriniet, 6 Bing. 306.
On all these orounds we think the witness was incompetent, and that the deposition should have been rejected.
It has been suggested that the objection to the.witness came too late, and should have been made before the commissioner and before the cross-examination. 'But the case shows that both parties were aware of the'legal objections.to his competency, and that the testimony was taken by an arrangement between them, for the pur-

96

SUPREME COURT.

Hall -. Smith.

pose of presenting the question to the court. The counsel for the
plaintiffs assumed, as is apparent from his interrogatories in chief, that the witness was incompetent on the ground of his being a party in interest and took upon himself the burden of removing the objections. For this. purpose, he produced his discharge in bank-
ruptcy, and on the 14thi inst., put the question to himWhether he had any interest in the suit; and if not to tell how it had ceased.
The question suggested does not arise in the case, and therefore
it is unnecessary to examine it. For the above reasons, we think the court below erred, and that
the judgment must be reversed, with a venire de novo.

, Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the,District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Mississippi, and was argued by counsel. On consideration -whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said District Court, in this cause, be and the saine.is hereby reversed, with costs, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said District Court, with directions to award. a venire faoias de novo.

HENRI; .A. H.11, PLAINTXFF, V,~ WILLIM~ 9XITrH.
Where there are privies in a contract with the knowledge ofa debtor to secure to his creditor the payment ofif debt, the payment of it by any one of them other than the 4dobtoi, is a payment at his request, Lnd is an express assumpsit td reim-
·burse the amount. Where the surety ofa surety pays the debt ofa principal, under a legal obligation,
from which the principal was bound to relieve him, such a payment is a sufficient consideration to raise an implied assumpsit to repay the amount, although the pyment was made without a request from the principal.
THIs case came up on a cartificate of division from the Circuit Codurt of the United States for the District of Maryland.
The United States of America, District of Maiyland, to wit: At a Circuit Court of the United. States for the Fourth Circuit,
in alad for the Maryland District, begun and held at the city of Baltimbie, on the first Monday in April, in the 'year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty-four.
Present, the' Honorable Roger B. Taney, Chief Justice of the Supfeme Court of the United States ; the. Honorable Upton S. Heath, Judge of Maryland- District; Z. Collins Lee, Esquire, Attorney-; Thofhas B. Pottenger, Esquire, Maishall; Thomas Spicer, Clerk...
Among other, were the following proceedings, to wit:

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

53

McAfee v. Doremus et al.

MORGAN MCAFEE, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. TnO1xAS C. DoREmus, JADIES SUYDAI, CORNELIUS R. SuYDAII, AND JOHN NixoN.
By the laws of Louisiana, a notary is required to record in d book kept for that purpose, all protests of bills made by him and the notices given to the drawers or indorsers, a certifed-copy of which record-is made evidence.
Under these statutes, a deposition of the notary, giving a copy of the original bilJ, statinga demand of payment; a subsequent protest and notice to the drawers and indorsers respectively, is good evidence.
The original protest must be recorded in a book. Its absence at the trial is therefore sufficiently accounted for.
Where a joint action against the drawers and hidorser -was commenced under the statute of Mississippi (which statute this. court has heretofore, 16 Peters, 89,. held to be repugnant to an act of Congress), the plaintiffs may discontinue the suit against.the dstwers and proceed agdnst the indorser only.

This case was brought up, by writ of error, from the District Court 6f the United States for the Northern District of Mississippi.
On the 8th of December, 1839, the following bill of exchange was drawn.

$4,000.

Locopolis, Miss., De . 8th, 1839.

Ninety days after date of this my first of exchange (second -of

same tenor and date unpaid), pay to the order of Morgan McAfee) four thousand dollars, valu6 received, and charge the same to

account of your obd't servants.

CLYMbER, POLK, & Co.

Messrs. KEys & ROBERTS, New Orleans.

The firm of Clymer, Polk, & Co., consisted of Isaac Clymer, Benjamin C. Polk, William C. Ivins, and Hiram Clymer.
McAfee indorsed it, and it came to .the bands of the defendants in error, merchants and partners in New York, trading under the
firm of Doremus, Suydams, aid Nixon. When the bill became due it was not paid, and was protested un-
der the circtimstances set forth in the first bill of exception. In May, 1842, Doremus, Suydams, and Nixon brought a suit
against the four makers and also agdinst McAfee, the. indorser. The action was a joint one, as required by a statute of Mississipi,
passed on the 13th of May, 1837, which was as follows. " Section. 1. Be it enacted by the legislature of the State of
Mississippi, that in all actions founded upon bills of exchange and promissorynotes, the plaintiff shall be compelled to sue the drawers and indorsc"s living and resident in this State in a joint action ; and such suit shall be commenced in the. county. where the drawer or drawers reside, if living in the State ; and if the drawer or drawers bq dead, or reside ovt of the State, the suit shall be brought in
the county where the first indorser resides. " Sec. 2. Be it furtherenacted, that in all case4 where.any drawer,
acceptor, or indorsershall have died before the'commencement-of 5 *

SUPREME COURT.
McAfee v. Doremus et al.
the suit, a separate action maybebrought against the representatives of such drawers, indorsers, and acceptors.
"Sec. S. Be it further enacted, that the court shall receive the pdlea of non-assumpsit and no other, as a defence to the merits, in all'sults brought in pursuance of this .act ; and all matters of defence may be given in evidence under the said plea. And it shall be lawful for the jury to render a verdict against part of the defendants, and in favor of the others, if the evidence before them require such a verdict, and the court shall enter up the proper judgment in such verdicts against the defendants ; which judgments and verdicts shall not be reversed, annulled, or set aside for want of form.
"Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, that new trials shall alone be granted to such defendants as the verdicts may have been wrongfully rendered against; and judgments shall be entered against all the other defendants in pursuance -of the verdict;
" Sec. 5.Be it further enacted, that the clerk shall issue duplicate writs to the several counties where the various defendants -may reside, and shall indorse on all executions the names of the drawers and iidorsers, particularly specifying the first, second, and third indorsers.
"Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, that it shall be the duty of the sheriff, in all cases, to make the money on the executions, out of the drawer or drawers, acceptor or acceptors ; and in ub case shall a levy be made on the property. of any security or securities, in-dorser or indorsers, unless an affidavit from some credible person be made and filed among the papers in the case, setting forth that the principal or principals have no property in this State, out of which the plaintiffs money and costs can be made ; and in such event the plaintiff may proceed with the executions against the defendants next liable, and so on until his executions be satisfied.
" Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, that no sheriff, or other officer, shall take more than one forthcoming bond, in any case, for the same cause of action.
"S ee. 8. Be it further enacted, that any plaintiff shall have the right to discontinue his suit against any one or more of the indorsers or securities, that he may sue in any joint action, before verdict, on payment of the costs that may have accrued by joining said defendant in such suit.
"Sec. 9.' Be itfurther enacted, that in all suits brought under the provisions of this act, the defendants shall not be allowed to sever in their pleas to the merits of the action, and no plea of abatement shall be allowed to be filed in any cause, unless affidavit be made of the truths of the facts pleaded in the plea of abatement.
"Sec. 10. Be it further enacted; that if any plaintiff or plaintiffs --shall cause to be levied an execution .on any security, or their indorsers"or their property, when the principal has sufficient property in this 8tate-to satisF-such execution, the party so offending-hal"

JANUARY TERM, -1847.

55

McAfe'e v.Doremus et al.

be deemed a trespasser, and shall be liable to an action from the. party aggrieved, and exemplary damages shall, in all such cases, be awarded by the jury trying the same; Approved, May 13, 1837."
*This Statute was, in part, adopted by a rule of court in 1839,
as follows :" Rule XXX. The practice and proceedings m action at law,
by the laws of this State, and the rules of practice for the government of the courts of law, made by the late Supreme Court, where not incompatible with the laws of the United States, the ruleswhich may be prescribed by the Supreme Court of the United States for the government of this court, or with the existing rules of this court, shall be considered the rules and practice of this ccurt: provided; however, and it is hereby expressly understood, that this rule does not adopt the whole of the act entitled ' An act to amend the laws respecting suits to be brought against indorsers of promissory notes,' approved May 13th, 1837 ; but that all of said act, except the tenth section thereof, is, and it is intended to
be, adopted."
At June term, 1842, McAfee pleaded the general issue. In June, 1843, three of the four drawers of the bill having beer
served with process and the remaining one not, the suit was dis
continued as to the drawers, and continued against McAfee alone.
In December, 1843, the cause came on for trial, when a verdict was found for the plaintiffs. During the trial, however, the two following bills of excepi" "iwere taken.

First Exception.

Be it remembered, that, on the trial of this cause, on this 8th day of June, 1844, the plaintiffs in this case offered in evidence a bill of exchangein' thesewords :-

$4,0001.

Locopolis, JMiss., Dec. 8th, 1839.

Ninety days after date of this 'my first of exchange (second of

same tenor and date unpaid), pay to the order of Morgan McAfee,

four thousand dollars, value received, and charge the same to ac-

count of your ob't servants.

CLYM R, POLK, & Co.

Messrs. Knys & RoERTS, Ni'w Orleans.

Having indorsed thereon the following names, three of which were erased -
"1Pay to Doremus, Suydams, & Nixon, or order. Morgan McAfee, Charleston P. 0., Miss.'?
"1A. H. Davidson, Charleston P. 0., Miss.; G. Davidson, Charleston P. 0. Miss. ; M. L. Cooper & Co."
The plaintiff then proved that the names of A. H. Davidson and G. Davidson had been erased beiore the maturity of the bill. .The plaintiff then offered -inevidence the copy of the-eiginal pro-

56

SUPREME COURT.

McAfee v. Doremus et al.

test, accompanied by the deposition of the notary public, in these
words :
United States of America, Eastern District of Louisiana, City of New Orleans, ss : Be it remembered, that on this thirtgenth day of May, in the
year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty-four, before me, M. M. Cohen, a commissioner duly appointed on the 19th of' April, 1842, by the Circuit Court of'the United States in and for the Eastern District of Louisiana, under and by virtue of the acts of Congress, entitled, "An act for the more convenient taking of 'affidavits and bail in civil causes depending in the courts of the United States," passed Feb. 20, 1842, and the act of Congress, entitled " An act in addition to an act entitled ' An act for the more convenient taking of affidavits andbail in civil causes depending in the courts of the United States,' "1passed March 1, 1817,
and the act, entitled " An act to establish the judicial courts of the United States," passed Sept. 24, 1789, personally appeared 1. B..
*Cenas, a person of sound nind and lawful age, a witness for the plaintiff in civil suit now depending in the District Court of the Uited States, in and for the Norihern District of Mississippi, wherein Doremus, Suydams, and Nixon are laintiffs, and Clymer, Polk, & ,Co. (drawers), and Morgan McAfee (indorser) are defendants ; and the said H. B. Cenas being by me first carefully. examined, and cautioned, and sworn to testify the whole truth and nothing but the truth, did depose and say, that he is a notary public, 'duly com-
missioned and sworn, in and for the city and parish of New Orleans, State of Louisiana ; that he held said office on the tenth day of March, A. D. 1840, on which day, at the reqi est of the Commercial Bank of New Orleans, holder of the original draft, pf which the following is a copy, to wit.: -

$4,000.1

Locopolis, ,Miss., December 8th, 1839.

Ninety days after date of this my first of exchange (second of

same tenor and date unpaid), pay to the order of Morgan McAfee

four thousand dollars, value received, and charge the same to ac-

count of your obedient servants.

CLYMER, POLK, & Co.

Messrs. KEYS AND ROBERTS, Neiv Orieans.

MORGAN McAPEE, Charleston P. 0.

Indorsed:- Messrs. M. D. CooPER & Co.

He, the said notary, presented said draft to a clerk of the drawees at their counting-room (said drawees not being in), and demanded payment thereof, and was answered that the same could not be paid'; whereupon he, the said notary, did publicly and solemnly protest said draft for non-payment, and of protest did give notice to Clymer, Polk, & Co., drawers, and to Morgan McAfeei indorser, and M. D. Cooper & Co., indorsers, by letters to the

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

57

McAfee v. Doremus et al.

drawer and first indorser severally written and addressed, informing them of said protest, and that the holders looked to them for. payment ; which letters he, the. said notary, did direct to the said
drawers and said first indorsers, respectively, as follows :- the one for Clymer, Polk, & Co., drawers, .to them at Locopolis, Mississippi,- and that for the said Morgan McAfee, the first indorser, to him at Charleston P. 0., Mississippi; and by delivering that- for the last indorsers to themselves. Which lettbrs he, the said notary; did put into the post office at New Orleans aforesaid, on the day and date of said protest. All of which was done under the
hand of said notary, and recorded in piesence of competent witnesses and in due form of law.
-The notary's fees for said protest and notices amounted to 43.50.
The document A., M. M. Cohen, United States commissioner, is sworn to by me,
H. B. CENAs, .Notary Public.

United States of America, North dircuit and Eastern District of Louisiana, City of New Orleans, ss :I, .M. M. Cohen, a commissioner duly appointed on the 19th
of April, 1842, by the Circuit Court of the Uited States for the
Ninth Circuit and Eastern District of Louisiana, under and by Virtue of the acts of Congress, entitled " An act for the more- convenient taking of affidavits and bail in civil causes depending in the
courts 'of the United States,". passed February 20th, 1812, and the act of Congress, entitled "An act in addition to ah act entitled
'An act for the more convenient taking of affidavits and bail in civil causes depending in the. courts of the United States,'" passed
March 1st, 1817, and the act entitled " An act to establish the judicial courts of the United States," passed Septemtber 24th. 1789, do hereby. certify, that the reason for taking the foregoing depositidn is, and the fact is, that the witness lives in New Orleans,
State of Louisiana, more than one hundred miles, from Pontotoc, State of Mississippi, the place of trial of the cause for and in which
said deposition is taken and is necessary. I further certify, that no notification was made out and ser7ed on the defendants, or adverse parties, their agent or attorney, to be present at the taking of the ddposition, and to put -interrogatories, if he or they may think fit, and that no notification of the time and place of taking the said deposition was made out and served on said defendants or adverse parties , because neither the said adver.e parties, nor any attorney or agent of said adverse parties was, at the time of taking said
deposition, within (100) one hundred miles of the said city of New Orleans, the place of taking the said depositior. I further certify, that, on this thirteenth day of May,. A. D. 1844, 1 was by"the witness, who is of sound mind and lawful age, and the witness was by

"58

SUPREME COURT.

McAfee v. Doremus et aL

me.carefully -examined and cautioned, and sworn to testify the

wh6le truth, and the deposition wasby-me reduced to writing in the

presence of tfe witness - and after carefully reading the same to the

witness; he subscrihed the same in my presence.

I have retained the said deposition in my possession -for the.

purpose of 'sealing up; directing, and forwarding the same with

my own hands to the court for which the same was taken.

I further certify, that I am not of counsel or attorney 'to either of

-the' parties in said ,deposition 'an&,eaption named, or in any Way

intir'ested in the event of the said =civil cause named in the cap-

tion.

-In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal, the

words ". are plaintiffs" being first interlined on 'page 1,ante.

M. M. coErf, [L. s.] .U. S. Commissioner Ci'cuit avid District Court United States for

the .Ndinth Circuitand"Eastern'Districtof Louisiana.

"Cotiaissioner's fee,

$10" 00 1Paid -byplaintiffs.

Notary for copy aniaexed,' 2 59 5

N ."N, CohEir, 'U.,S.C..

'United State3 of Americat State of Louisiana : I By this'public iTstrunlent 'f- protest be it known that, on this. tenth, day of Marchi in the "year -one ih6usand eight hundred and fbrty, at the request of the Commercial Bank of New Orleans, holder ef'-te 'orginal diraft, whereof a true copy is on the reverse hereof writteil, Ii Hilary Breton Cenas, a n'otary public in apd for. the,city and parish of New .Orleans, State. of Louisiana aforesaid, duly commissioned and sworn, presented said draft ioa'clerk of the'
drawe~s -at their counting-room said drawees not being' in), and demanded payment thereof, .and was answered that 'the same, could not'be-paid. "Whereupon I,the said notary, at the request afore-, said, -didprotest, and by these presents: do publicly and ' solemnly
.protest,"as well against the -drawer or maker of the. said draft, as against aUlothers whom it doth 'or may concern, for all exchange, reftchang, damages, -costs, charges,. and interests, suffered or to be'suffred, for.want of paymnent of the said draft. Thus done and
protested in the preience of Law. Dornan and Ernest' Grauet,
witnesses.'
In testimony whereof, I grant these presents under my signature, ft . and the iWpress.of my seal of office, at the city of New
Orleans, oirthe'day and year first above. writtbn.

', H. B. CEOrs, .Notary Public. Original sigfned -TLAw. D1o)RNAN,

Bt- GRANqET.

$4,000.

Loco lis, JXf.s., Dec. 8th, 1839.

Ninety dayaftr ddte, bf this my fist of exchange (secoiid of

0mne tenof adat ai'), pay fo'the order of'Mprgan-MeAh'e

JANUARY TERM, 1847,

59

McAtee v. Doremus et al.

four thousand dollars, value received,, and charge the same to account [of] your obedient servants.

CLYMER, POLK, & CO. Messrs. KEY.s RoURTS, X6"ew Orleans. Indorsed, - Morgan McAfee, Charleston P. 0, Miss., M. D.
Cooper & Co.

I, the undersigned notary, do hereby certify that the parties to, the draft, whereof'a true copy is embodied in the accompanying act of protest, have been duly notified of the protest thereof by letters to them by me written and addressed, dated on the day of said protest, and served on, them respectively this day, in the manner following, viz. by depositing those for the drawers and first indorsers. in the post office fii this city on the -same day as this 'pro-test, directed to them respectively as follows : that for the drawers,' to themi at Locopolis,- Miss. ; and that for the first indorser, to himat Charleston P. 0., Miss. ; and by delivering that for ihe last indorsers to themselves.
In faith whereof, I hereunto sign my name, together with Law. Dornan and Ernest Granet, witnesses, at New Orleans, this llth, day of March, 1840.
Oiiginal siged,-Law. Doman, E. Granet.
H. B. CENAs, .Not. Pub. I certify the foregoing to be a true copy of the original protest i draft, and memorandum of the manner in which the notices were served on file and of record in my office. In faith whereof I grant these presents, under my signature, and
the impress of my seal of office, at New Orleans, on this' [L. s.] ninth day of November, in the year Qf our Lord one
thousand eight hundred and forty-three.

Sworn to before me.

H. B. CENAS, ,Not. Pub..

M. M. C6HEN, U. S. 0.

To the introduction of which copy the defendant by counsel, objected, but such objection was overruled -by the court, and said copy allowed to be read ; to which opinion of the courf the de-, fendant excepted, -and this his bill of exceptions, before the -jury retired from the box, was signed and sealed by the court, and or- dered to be made a part of the .record.

S. J. GHoLs'ON. [SEAL.]

Second Exception.

The gecond-bill of. exceptions. referred to the statute andl rule abovementioned, and to the discontinuance of the suit against the drawers of the bill, after three of them had been servea with prbcess. A motion was made in arrest of judgment, which was ovekruled by the court, to which overruling the second exception was

taken.

60

SUPREME COURT.

McAfee v. Doremus et al.

The cause was argued by Ir. Chalmers and JMr. Coxe, for the .plaintiff in error, and by JXlr. Stanton and ,Mr. Z. Collins Lee, for the defendants in error.

.Mr. Chalmers and .Mr. Coxe contended that the paper admitted in evidence by the court below, purporting to be a copy of the
protest of the bill of exchange sued upon, was not duly proved to have been a copy of the protest of the bill of exchange, but a copy of an entry in the notary's book, and that it was not duly proved, even as-a copy of the,entry in the book.
Secondly, if proved as a copy, it-was not admissible as evidence, without laying ground for it by showing the loss of the original,
which was not done. A protest Is, properly, speaking, a solemn declaration on behalf
of the bolder against any loss to be- sustained by non-acceptance or non-payment (Story on .Bils, § 276, p. 301), must be in
writing, signed, and sealed by the notary (Chitty on Bills, 490, 642), and annexed to the bill itself, if it can be obtained, or otherwise a copy (Chitty on Bills, 362), with all the indorsements transcribed verbatim. with the reasons given by the, party why be
does not honor the bill ; and this is so indispensably necessary, by the custom of merchants, that it cannot be supplied by witnesses, or oath of the -party, or in any other way, and, as is said, is part of the constitution of a foreign bill of exchange, because it is the solemn declaration of a notary, who is a public officer, recognized in all parts of Europe, that a due presentment and dishohor has taken place, and all counfries give' credit to his certificate of the facts.
Chi*tty on Bills) 490. Ii must be made according" to the laws of the place where fhe payment ought to have been made. Story on Bills, p. 105, § 278 ; Cbitty on Bills, 490. By the laws of Louisiana, where this bill was payable, it is enacted, page. 41,
Ballard and Curry's Digest, Laws of Louisiana, that " The notaries shall keep a separate book in which they shall
.hranscribq and record, by order of date, all the protests by -them made, minutes of notices, &c., &c., made by them, which dac-: laration, duly recorded. under signature of such notax and two wit-
nesses," &c. This book,.from. vhich thu copy admitted was obtained, is a new
transcriptionof the original protest, - a copy, wholly inadmissible itself,withouf accounting for the non-production of the original, and
yet the court admitted a copy of this copy, without showing the loss, destruction, or that the original was not within the control of the party offering the copy. See Sebree v. IDorr, 9 Wheaton,
558 ; Brooks a. Mfar4:ury, 1J Wheaton, 78. Secondly, the court below erred in overruling. plaintiff in error's
motion to arrest' the judgment. This -suit in the court below was

JANUARY TER-M, 1847.

61

McAfee .v. Doremus et I.

commenced jointly against the drawers and-indorsers of the bil-of exchange sued upon under and by virtue of the provisiols of an act of the Legislature of the State of Mississippi, and a'long count of the declaration is framed -uponthat act, which provides' that "1in all actions founded upon bills of exchange and promissory notes the plaintiff shall be compelled to sue the drawers and indorsers living and resident within the State in a joint action." Act of May 13, 1837, Laws of'Mississippi, 717 ; and by a rule of the District Court, of the United States for the State of Mississippi, this act was adopted (see Rule XXX.), and, so far as it- is not inconsistent with the laws of Congress and "the.fifles of practice prescribed by the Supreme' Court of the United States, became by that, rule the law of the court. This being the case.unless the act of the legislature of Mississippi, in its application to this case, was incompatible with the laws of Congress', or the rules prescribed by the Supreme Court of the United States, or the exiting rules of the District Court for Mississippi, the dismissal entered as to defendants below, Isaac Clymer, William C. Ivns, ond Benjamin C. Polk, the makers, and taking judgment against McAfee, the plaintiff in error'and indorser of the bill sudd upon,.was manifest error, for whibh the judgment should have been arrested. See Wilkinson and Turney v. Tiffany, Duvall, & Cla., 5 Howard's

Mississippi Reports- 411. Was the act of -Mississippi, adopted by the District Court 'in its application to this case, a violation of the judicary act of 1789, eh. 20 ? The eleventh section of that act gives jurisdiction -o the Circuit Courts of suits between a citizen of the State where-the suit is brought and a citizen of another State, and excepts ".any suit to recover the contents of any promissory

note, or other-chosen action in favor of an assignee, unless the suit might have been prosecuted in such court to recover the contents, if no assignment had-been made except in cases of foreign bills of exchange."- The foiindationof-this action was a foreign bill of exchange, -and although th6 drawers and indorser all resided in the State of Mississippi, it came within the exception of the act of Congress, and the District Court- neither enlarged or diminished the jurisdictiou 'of the court by adopting the rule, nor is the rule in its application to this case incomlatible with the laws of Congress, the rules of practice prescribed by the Supreme Court of the United States, or the existing rules of tbe District Court. The case of Keary et al. v. The Farmers and Merchants' Bdnk of-Memphis, -16 Peters, 89, *was founded upon a promissory note, the makers and indorser all living in Mississippi, and the attempt, under this rule, to join them in the same action was pronounced by this court a violation of the judiciary act, in giving a jurisdiction to the District Court which that act had not conferred, and that, therefore, in that case the rule was void. Not so however in this case, - the foundation of this suit being a foreign bill of exchange, the appli-

VOL. v.

6

62

SUPREME COURT..

McAfee v. Doremus et al.

cation of the iule violates no law of Congress, nor is it incompatible with any rule prescribed by this court.
The rule established 'by the District Court, adopting the statute of Mississippi; is of great value to the. citizens of that State; 'and, so far as it can be made a plicable to the just jurisdiction of the District Court of the United States in that State, sound.,public policy, respect for her public. functionaries, and the rights and interests of the parties litigant in the federal tribunals of the State, appeal strongly to this court to have the act fairly and fully executed.

Jr..Lee and .lffr. Stanton contended that the proof offered was sufficient ; that the object of a protest was..accomplished in giving the indorser notice ; that certified copies of a protest were generally admissible ; that a notary cannot serve the original protest upon * ach one of the iildorsers ; that the absence of the original at the trial was sufficiently dccounted for by its being on file in the notary's otce, and cited Story on Bills, .301, 304; 20 Wendell, 82; 8 Wheaton, 333 ; 4 Term lep. 175 ; 2 Peters, 179.
As to- the second exception, they contendect that the plaintiffs' living in New York hdd a right to ,sue the'indctser and drawers, which right could not be taken away,, that they had a right to discontinue the aetion as they did ; that the plaintiff in error was estopped from making this objection ; that this court has rejected the statute of Mississippi, and cited 1 Peters, 78 ; 11 Peters, 83-85; 16 Peters, 94 ; t Howard, 343,

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This case is brought before this court by a writ of error to the District Court of the Northern District of Mississippi.
The suit- was commenced on a, bill of exchange against Isaac Clymer, Benjamin C. Polk, William C. Ivins, and Hifaih Clymer, late merchans and partners in trade, under the firm and style of Clymer,Polk, &Co., makers,and Morgan McAfee, indorser. Theprocess was served on Polk and McAfee. *Thelatter pledded the general issue, and an alias summons was issued against the defendants not served. 'This writ was served on Ishac Clymer and William C Ivins'; and .at the succeeding June term the plaintiffs, by leave of the court, discontinued the suit against Clymer, Polk, & Co., leav ing McAfee, the indorser, the only defendant.
Oh the trial the plaintiffs offered the deposition of H. B. Cenas, a notary public at'New Orleans; to prove a copy of the. protest, which was objected to by the defendant; but the court admittbd the evidence, aiid. this constitutes the first 9xception.
By ihe Lotilsiana acts of 1821 and 1827, the notary is required to record, in a book kept for that purpose, all protests -6fbills made by him and' the notices given-to the drawers or indorsers ; a certife copy.of which record is made evidence.

JANUARY-TERM, 1847.

63

McAfee v. floremus et al.

Under these statutes it is held, in Loulaiana,- that "1a certi.fie
copy of a protest is sufficient without piodubing the original." Whittemore v. Leake, 14- Louisiana Reports, 394.
It is admitted that in respect to foreign bill* of exchange the notarial certificate of proiest is of itself sufficient proof of the dishonor of a bill, without any auxiliary evidence.- Townsley v.' Sumrall, 2 Peters, '179. But the rule is differdnt, under the principles of the dommon law, in regard to inland bills.
The protest offered. is certified, undertlie seal of the notary, " to be a true copy of, the original protest, draft, and memorandun'of
the manner in which* the notices were served on file andxof record
in his office." But the depositipn of (enas, the notary, was relied on as proving the protest and notice. The exception taken was not to the deposition, but to the copy of the protest.
-Itis insisted that the deposition does not identify the protest, and if it does, that it is not. competent to prove the copy without ac-
counting for the non-production of the original.
In regard to 'the latter objdction,"it 'appears from thi statutes above cited, that the hotary-records the protest and the manner in which notice was given, and this record is, in fact,'the original. It
is presumed that nothing more than a short.memorandum of"the demand and notice is taken, from which the redord 'is made in due form ; so that there is, strictly, no orignal except that which is of
record.. And" a copy of this is made evidence by the statute. Now thiWs stificienly accounts for the non-production of the original; and a sworn or a: certifi~d copy, is the only evidence of the protest which'can be produced.
And we think that the copy of the protest was properly considered as a part of the deposition. It was offered in connection"with it, and isreferred to as " Documnit A.," as no other meaning.can be given to that reference.. The commissioner who took" the deposition states, the copy was aworn to before him, and the exception was to the "1copy" and.not thmt'it was no part of the deposition: And
the original .being a matter of record, and-of course not within the power of. the plaintiffs in the Circuit Court, a sworn copy was
admissible' as evidende.
After the verdict was rendered against McAfee, the indorser, a motion was ihade in arrest oftjudgment'on the, ground that it appeared from the'returh of the fnaeshal, thw process had been, duly served on three of the partners df.the firm of -Clymer, Polk, & Co.", wh" were the -drawers of the bill, and that the suit had been discontinued as to theemxc;epwtehdi.ch motioi the court overruled, and to which the defendant , It .appears that 'the district judge, by a rule .ofcourt; adopted nine of the first sections of the statute of. Mississipp, entitled "An
-act:to amend the laws'respecting -suit to be brought against indorsiers of prom7sory nptes," &c., apptoved.d;1t May-37, which re-

64

SUPREME COURT.

Walker v. Taylor et al.

quired suit to be brought against the drawers and indorsers of a bill of exchange jointly. Under this statute the suit was brought against the drawers and also the indorser of the bill.
This statute, as adopted by the district judge, was brought before this cou t in the case of Keary and others v. The Farmers and Merchants' Bank of Memphis, 16 Peters, 89, in which the court held that " the law.,of Mississippi is repugnant to the provisions of the, act of Congress, giving jurisdiction to the courts of the United
States." We see no objection, in principle or in practice, to the discon-
tinuance of the suit against the drawers of the bill. Their liability was distinct from that of the indorser: In no respect could the in-
dorser be prejudiced by the discontinuance. As a matter of course
it was permitted at the cost of the plaintiffs.
In the case of Minor et al. v. The Mechanics' Bank of Alexandria, 1 Peters, 46, the~court held, that when the defendants sever in their pleadings, a nolle prosequi ought to be allowed against one defendant," that " it is a practice which violates no rules of pleading, and will generally subserve the public convenience. In e ad-
ministration of justice, matters of form not absolutely subjected to authority may well yield to the substantial purposes of practice."
The judgment of the Circuit Court is ffrmed, with costs.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the 'Northern District of Mississippi, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it. is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said District Court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs and damages, at the rate of six per. centum per annum.

ELIZABETH WVALKER, DEVIsEz OF ROBERT WALKER, DECEASED, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. FRANIcis T. TAYLOR, WILLAIx ROBINSON, WILLIAM E: SABLETT, THoMAs CooK, AND JOHN M. CREsuP, TRuSTEES OF THE TOWN, OF CoLumBus, DEFENDANTS.
Where the plaintiff below claimed a ferry right under an act of the legislature of Kentucky, and the ground of defence was that the act was unconstitutional and void as impairing vested rights, and the decision of the highest State court was against the plaintiff, a writ of error, issued under the 25th section of the judiciary act, will not lie.
This court can entertain jurisdiction under that section only when the decision of the State court is in favor of the validity of such a statute. Here, the decision was against its validity.
This case was brought up, by a writ of error issued under the

'10

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Lawton et at.

Uponthe whole,,we think the certificate under consideration was suficient, and that the deposition, on the ground'stated, ought not to be overruled.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record frm the Circuif Court 6f the United States for the Southern Distaint of.Mississippi, and on the point and question on which 'the Judges of the .said Circuit Court, were opposed in -opinion, and which was certified to this court for its opinion, agreeably to the
act of Congress in such case made and provided, and was argued
by.counseL On consideration whereof; it is the -opinion of this
court that the certificate under consideration was sufficient, and
that the deposition, on the ground stated, ought not to be overruled, Whereupon it is now here ordered and adjudged that it be
so certified to the, said Circuit Cout.,

'TEi tXITED SITATEs, APPELLANT,.V. Josni' LAw'oN, ExEcuvTo. oF
01AMEs LAWTO6N, M&RT. POLLARD, HAgNAX MAAiA KnSRSAw, Wirn -bP 3.&iMs KEIISHAw, FT A&L.
A Spanish grant of land in Florida, for six miles square, "at the place caMlld Dunn's lake, upon the river St. John's," is too vague -to be confrmed, even with the aditonal knowledge- that the object, of the grantde was to establish machinery io be propelled by water-liower.
The river t. John's meanders so much that it is near Dunn's lake for thirty miles. The suivey might therefore commence at any point of tbis.distance with is-much propriety as at any other point.
This concession, cannot -be distinguished finm various others which have been brought bdfore this court. The land granted was not sevexed 'from the king's domain. It remained a .floating grant not recognized by the gtvernment of Spsi before the cession, nor by tlis government since, as conferring an individual title to any specific parcel of land.
Nor is the ritin this case aided by .tWo surveys, one purporting to-have been made in December, 1817, and the. other in the spring of.1818. The first must kave' been-fictitious, not actually made upon the ground, but merel upon paper; and the second was too iniperfect to be be effectual.
Piuiea to the act of May 26, 1824, Congress alQne could act upon these in'cipiept titles. By that act power was given to the court to pass a decre for the land, provided its locality, extent, and boundaries could be found. But,. in the present case, thicsannot be done.
Tzirs was an appeal from the Superior Court of East Florida, under the following circumstances..
ON the-10th of November, 1817, James 'Darley presented the
following petiti6n:to Governor Coppinger.
"To his Excellency the Governor: "Don James Darrey, a Dative of Great Britain, with the respect
due to your Excellency, says, that wiih the view of settling himselff

JANUARY TFlRM, 1847.

11

The United States v. Lawton et al.

in this province under the protection of his Catholic Majesty, knowing the very great advantages that would result to the commerce of it from the article of lumber, if machinery for sawing is erected, for sawing for the consumption of the province, as well as for exportation ; ard wishing to'dedicate his attention and funds to this object, whenever he may be hi possession of the necessary right, he asks and supplicates your Excellency will be pleased to gract to him from this time, in absolute property, six miles square of land, at the place called Dunn's lake, upon the river St. John's, for the purpose aforesaid of establishing said machinery; which favor he hopes to merit from the justice of your Excellency. St. Augustine, Florida, 10th of November, 1817."
To which the following response was given -

Decree. ,CSt. Augustine, 10th of JNovember, 1817.
"Taking into cbnsideration the benefit and utility which ought to result to the improvement of this province by what the petitioner proposes, There are granted to him, in absolute property, the six miles square of land which he solicits for said water saw-mill, and that it may be effected let there be issued to him, from the secretary 'soffice, a certified copy of this petition and decree, which will serve him as title in form.
CoPPINGER."
On the 21st of December, 1817, G6orge Clarke, the surveyorgeneral, gave the following certificate of survey, accompanied by a plat.
"I, Don George Clarke, captain of the Northern District of East Florida, and by the government -thereof appointed surveyor-ge-, eral of said province, do-certify that I have surveyed and delineated for Santiago-Darley a square of six miles of land, equal to twenty-three thousand snd, four acres, on the west part of Dunn's lake, contiguous to the Waters thereof, in its upper part, which lands were granted to him.by the government on the 10th of Novemher of the present year. Said tract is conformable to the following plat, and to the copy thereof, which I keep. Northern District, 21st December; 1817."
On the 22d of May, 1819, the grantee filed his petition to the Superior Court of Florida, praying confirmation.
,On the 12th of September, 1829, the District Attorney of the United States, Thomas Douglas, answered the above petition, denied generally the matters and things -stated in it, of which he required proof, averred that the grant, if made, was in violation of the laws 'of Spain, and that the governor had no power to make it; that if made at all, it was made after the 24th of January, 1818,

12

SUPREME Q OUR-T.

The United States v. Lawton et al.

and antedated ; that grai)ts' for speculation were contrary to the. policy of Spain) and void ; that the grant, if made, was ipon the condition that Darley would build a saw-mill, which he had not done ; that the grant conferred no right to the soil, but only a right to cut pine-trees for the use of the mill, and averred that Barley was not a subject of the king of Spain at the date of the supposed grant, which circumstance, of itself, rendered the grant null and
void. On the 26th of May, 1830, Congress passed an act, the fourth
section of which enacted as follows :"That all the remaining claims which have been presented ac-
cordig to law, and not finally acted upon, shall be adjudicated and finally settled, upon the same conditions,, restrictions, and limitations, in every respect, as are prescribed by the act of Congress
approved 23d May, 1828." On' the 4th of January, 1834, the will of Darley was admitted to
probate (he having died at some prior time which the record does not .state), and letters testamentary were granted to Charles Law-
ton as executor. Onf the 23d of July, ,1834, the claimant's death was suggested,
and the cause ordered to proceed in the name of Charles Lawton, executor.
On the 29th of July, 1834, Charles Lawton filed a bill of revivor on behalf of himself and the unknown heirs and devisees of
the deceased. On the'26th of August, 1834, the Attorney of the United States'
answered the bill of revivor, denying the right of Lawton to revive the suit, either for himself as executor, or on behalf of the unknown heirs and devisees:
On the 16th of June, 1841, a bill of revivor was filed on behalf-of Joseph, Lawton, executor of Martha Pollard, the widow of Jonathan Pollard, late of 'England, deceased ; of James Kershaw and Hannah Maria Pollard, his wife ; of Robert Mutrie and Sarah
Pollard, his wife.; of William Pollard and James Pollard, all of England, children of Martha Pollard, and heirs aiid legatees of James Darley,, deceased.
On the 10th of July,. 1841, the District Attorney of the United
States filed hisanswer in the ndiureof a general replication, and on 4he 17th of July the cause came up for hearing.
,On the lth o September, 1841, the court pronounced a deoree, from Which the following is an, extract.

' Without recapitulating the other proofs in the cause, it is sufficient for the present to say, that'the claimants have made out a* case, which entitles them to a confirmation of the title of the land granted, provided the identity of the land specified in the grant is
much a to warrant a decree' of confirmation ; or, in other words, if

JANUARY TERM, ,1847.

13

The United States v. Lawton et al.

the description of the'land, as contained in the grant, is such that

the land intended can be identified located, and laid down by

actual survey, according to.the calls and manifest intention of the

grant.

"The claimants have put in evidence a survey 6f a tract of land,

made by George J. F. Clarke (formerly the Spanish surveyor-

general of East Florida), bearing date. the twenty-first day 9 f December, 1817, and which, with the plat -accompanying it, purports

to be a survey and plat of the land it estion. But there are ob-

jections to this survey of such a nature as to make it improper that

an absolute decree should be made for the land therein described.

"First, it does not follow the calls of the grant, even if they can

be followed at all ; the grant is for the place called Dunn's lake,

' on the river St. John's.' There is as yet no proof that there is

such a -place 'on the river St. John's'; but taking it for granted

that there is such a place, which -nay be found, this survey does

not appear to be at that place'; it is not ' on the river St. John's '

at all.

" The location, it is true, ap ears to be on the west side of

Dunn's Lake, and ' contiguous to the waters thereof in its upper

part.' In the absence of any proof as to th6'geography of he

country, if it should be said that the court should take notice .of

the maps of the surveyed part of the territory, as published from

'the land-office, it will be remark d that the maps of the country

show that a lake, called Dunn's lake, does connect itself with the

St. John's ; but it will also appear that a .square of six miles,

bounded on the east by the upper end of the lake, will not extend

to the river St. John's ; and if it was the intention of, the grant that

the lands should lie ' upon the river St. John's,' such a location

as is set forth in the plat and survey must of course be rejected.

" Whether the point ofjunction between.the lake'and the river

is ' the place' alluded to in the grant, it is 'not necessary now to de-

termine (nor in fact can that point be determined without further

proof) ; but if it is there, clearly the survey offered is not a survey

or plat of the land granted.

" Secondly. The survey and plat are materially defective in

other particulars. There is no well-defined corner, or permanent

monument, mark, or boundary, which is .known and established, or

which can be found as a startitig-point. The plat shows that the

first corner is a stake in the swamp, near the margin of the lake, but

whereabouts 'in the swamp, or how far from the bead or the foot of

the lake, does not appear ; and all the other corners are repre-

sented to be stakes, but without marks, and their location entirely

undefined ; and the survey does not purport that the lines were

ever run or marked ; and even if it was conceded that stakes were

set at the four corners of a tract six miles square, in that part of

the country, in 1817, it could hardly be supposed that at thiime

VOL. V.

2

14

SUPREME COURT.

The United Stat~s v. Lawton et al.

they-would furnish any aid to the person who should- attempt to find the tract ; but the court cannot disregard the suggestion which
has been repeatedly made in these land cases, with reference to Clarke's surveys, viz. . that they were not made-in fact upon the land, but merely delineated on paper, parti6ularly where that sug-.
gestion is strengthened by the internal evidence afforded by the survey itself. This plat and survey bill might easily have been
made by Mr. Clarke without his ever seeing the land, and .in the absence of any proof to show that any one corner, line, or mark, or boundary of this tract'is now extant, or can be found, it would
be very improper to confirm this survey. "It must *notbe overlooked in the decision of these land cases,
thatalthough the equity apd justice of the claim, or the validity of the grafit alleged, is of primary importance, and the first thing to be
ascertained,'yet the exact location and boundaries of the tract in
quftion are equally important, not only to the United States, but t the claimant ; and it was one of the principal objects that the government had in view, in confiding the adjustment of these claims to this court, by the act of 1828 and 1830, that the extent, lo.cation, and boundaries -of such grants as were found to be valid x:ight be clearly ascertained, and fully ad finally adjusted between the claimants and the government, so 'that the grants found tb be valid might, with precision and accuracy, be severed from the re-. mainder of the public domain, and that the proper officers of the government. might know what lands belonged to the United States, and what might and- could safely be sold by them. , 11 This was all-important to'the correct operations of the landofficed, and of deep concern to the clainiants, and by the act of 0 ongress the decree of this court is made final and conclusive upon the parties, unless appealed from. To make a decree, thervfore,
wlh 6rmdrely settles the right of the claimant to a certain quantity of land in a certain neighbourhood, or section of the country, without clearly defining the locality, extent, and boundaries of such
land, by proper and, known or permanent landmarks and monuments, would seem to be a very incomplete fulfilment of the pro-. visions of the statute, and to fall far short of the objects of the law. The surveys of these grants'should be accurate, and defined by permanent orzers-ad~ the'.interseetion of the lines of the tract with the lines of the government suveys should be 'clearly lnd accurately shown ; or where this is not entirely-practicable, some one
or more of the corws 6f the tract'or& .should be et.arly de-
fined by a permanent landmark or monument, - and its course and
distance- from some corner of the'public surveys accurately given, so that the lines of the tract may be seen therefrom without any
difficulty. . In this case, it may be mat -the survey was actually made, and
that fiurther piroofs may show, that the lines and comers are now to

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

15

The United States v. Lawton et al.

be found, and that it is clearly within the calls of the grant ; but if, on the other hand, it should appear that no survey was made, or that no comers or boundaries can be found, or, being found, that they -are not within the calls of the grant, then it is a proper case for a
survey before final decree, and one should be made ; provided, upon proofs to be made respecting the region of country in which the grant is claimed, ' the place ' designated in the grant can be found and identified; but if, on the contrary, it should appear that the place mentioned in the grant cannot be found, and that the description is too indefinite for a survey to be. made,- that the description lacks identity, or ascertainable locality, then of course the grant must be declared void for want of identity,, and the claimants take nothing by -their concession. Forbes's case, 15 Peters, 184, 185 ;
Arredondo's case, 6 Peters, 691 ; Bucyk's case, 15 Peters, 223.
"1With a view, therefore, of enabling the. claimants to produce further proofs on these points, and to identify and locate the land claimed -by actual survey, or otherwise, the dcree must be suspended or postponed, and the cause continued.
J. H. BRoNSON, Tudge."

On the 13th of November, 184i, the evidence of Mfauricio Sanchez, Joseph S.'Sanchez, and John M. Fontane was filed, in
addition to ihat of Antonio Alvarez, all of which is as follows :-

Testimony of Antonio Alvarez, ,a witness produceA, sworn, and examined on the part of the claimants.
Witness says, I am keeper of the public archives of East Florida;
a certificate, with the name of Thomas de Aguilar. signed to it, being shown to witness, he says, I this document was transferred to my office by the land-commissioners. It is in the handwriting of Thomas de Aguilar, and is- signed by him. The 6rtified copy here produced and filed in -this cause (by me - certified) is a trie copy of this paper. ThiEA certificate of Aguilar came into my
office in 1829, or early in 1830. This claim of Darley was filed before the board of land-commissioners- 29th November,' 1823. The plat and-survey, it appears, were filed with the commissioners
on that day. I was in the secretary's office here, in 1817. The paper which we used was from Havana ; we usually got our paper there ; never got American paper that I remerhber. The inhabitants here were in the habit of using American, or English, or Spanish paper. Paper imported from the United States was common in those days."1
Being cross-examined, witness says, the paper on which the Aguilar certificate is written is Spanish paper. The survey is on American paper. Clarke did not do his business in the secretary'i office.
Testimony of Mauricio Sanchez, Joseph S. Sanchez, and John

16

SUPREME COURT.

The-United States v. Lawton et al.

M. Fontane, witnesses produced, sworn, and examined on the part of the claimants.
Mauricio Sanchez, sworn, says, "I know the lake called Dunn's lake ; have known it about fourteen years. It is on the east side of the St. John's river, and about fifty miles southwest of St. Augustine. I know of no other lake of that name ; it empties into the
St. John's. The lake is about fifteen miles long, and about three or four miles wide. I lived on the lake with my' uncle, Ramon Sanchez, abov e six or eight years. - This is Dunn's lake on the
St. John's," Cross-examined by United States attorney. Witness says, "Fro in the river St. John's you go about ten miles
through a deep creek to the lake. It is about five miles to Lake George. The St. John's river makes a bend west of this lake, and leaves a deep strip between it and the river St. John's. This
strip of land is sometimes dalled Cows-neck, and sometimes 'Dunn's like neck. There is a swamp-on the west side of the lake, continuing eight or nine miles up from'the mouth of the outlet. The spets of hard land, and sonie swamps and sawgrass," &c.
By the court. " If I had a grant on Dunn's lake, I think.I. should have it lying on Dunn's lake. The strip, or Cows-neck, is from six to ten miles wide, perhaps more. The outlet of the lake, by the meanders, is about ten miles ;.in a straight line, perhaps six miles. This outlet is a narrow creek, very deep, sometimes an hundred yards wide, sometimes narrower."
Joseph S. Sanchez, being duly sworn, says: "I have known Dunn's lake for fifteen years. I have resided there, and'know it well. It empties into the St. John's by a creek called Duin's creek. The lake is east of the St. John's; itis about five or six miles- from the St. John's. The widest part of the strip.of land is near the beginning of the creek."
Cross-examined by counsel for th United States. "I know of no place on the St. John's river called Dunn's lake,
ewept this. The mouth of the outlet in the St. John's is about seg2n miles above Pilatka. From Hambly's store on the St. John's it is ab3ut seven or eight miles across to the lake; above ther6 -iits perhaps four or five. Dunn's creek is about twenty or thirty feet wide, and in going up into the lake, you go in a south-
easterly direction, about ten miles by the meanders of the creek, and about seven miles in a straight line. The lake is about fifteen " miles long, and about three miles wide on an' average, and lies nearly north and south. A swamp extends up the lake* about half way on the west side. Then there is some. swamp, some hammock, and some hard land.
5' The average width of the strip of land lying-betweeli the lake and river St. John's is about fivea ,ailes. In some places, more.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

17

The United States v. Lawton et al.

The widest part of the strip is at the north end of the lake. From the middle of the west side of the lake, I should think it would be about five and a half railis to the St. John's, and above that, the average width is about five miles between the lake and river St.
John's. "By Dunn's lake on the river St. John's, I understand, a Dunn's
lake on the St. John's. But I know nothing about Dunn's lake."
John M. Fontane, being duly sworn, says -
" I have seen a survey made for James Darley, by Geo. J. F. Clarke. I received fifty dollars from Darley for Clarke, for making this survey, by an order from Clarke, about 1820. 1 under-
stood it was for making this survey. "There is a Dunn's lake which empties into the St. John's. It
is the only one that I know of. I have never been there." On the same day when this evidence was filed, viz. the 13th -of
November, 1841, the court passed an order to have the land surveyed. Owing to various impedimentsi this survey was not male until the 1st of July, 1843, nor returned to the court until the 1st of December, 1843. It was made by James M. Gould, the county surveyor of St. John's county, and upon its presentation.
was objected to by the connsel for the United States, because it did not conform to the grant, or to the calls of the grant. It was, however, allowed to be received in evidence, subject to the objection of the counsel for the United States, and without prejudice.
On the same day when the survey was returned, viz. the 1st of December, 1843, the counsel for the claimants offered the deposition of James Pellicier, taken under commission, which was read in evidence. The testimony and answers of the witness in this deposition were objected to by the counsel for the'United, States as being irrelevant and improper, and the whole evidence objected to as being incompetent. The counsel for claimants said, that he offered the deposition to show that there is such a tract of land, and to identify and locate it. The deposition was received, as tending to show thai there is such a tract of land, &c., but subject to the objection of the counsel of the United States, as to its rele-
vancy and effect.
The deposition was as follows -

Interrogatories to be propounded to James Pellicier, a-witness in the above-entitled cause, and to be taken before George R. Fairbanks, Esq., clerk, "and to be used in evidence on the trial
thereof, First. Were you or not acquainted with James Darley in his
lifetime ?- Where did he reside, previous to the year.-1817, and
was he or not a Spanish subject ? To the first interrogatory witness answers 2*

18

SUPREME COURT.

The United States w. Lawton et al.

"I was acquainted with James Darley in his lifetime. He resided inthe city of St. Augustine, previous to the year 1817 ; he was a merchant at that time ; I believe that lie was a Spanish subject,
and have no doubt of it." Second. Have you or not any knowledge of a concession of
land made by the Spanish government to the said James Darley, on Dunn's lake ?
To the second interrogatory he replies "I understood from the said James Darley, at that time, that be had received a grant of land from the Spanish government, situated on Dunn's lake. I think I so understood from him about the early part of 1817, or the early part of 1818, 1 am not sure whi'ch. The quantity I think 'was six miles square, granted for a mill-seat, I think. It was a fact' generally known in the neighbourhood where
I lived, at Matanzas." Third. Do you or- not know of the survey of a tract of land on
Dunn's' lake, in favor of James Darley ? If you do, say in what year that survey was made, who was the surveyor, and who the chain-carriers ? Were you, and-who else were, present at this survey; and what was the number of acres to be surveyed, as near as you can recollect ?
To the third interrogatory he answers " In the year 1818, I think in the early part, between the middle of March and the middle of April in that year, I was employed by Mr. James Darley in assisting him to make a survey.of a tract of land claimed by him on Dunn's lake. Robert McHardy was the sirveyor employed. Two black men, one called George Bulger, belonging to Mr. Bulger of St. Augusfine, and Peter Survel, a free black mulatto, were the chain-carriers. I sometimes carried the compass, aid sometimes the chain, as Mr. McHardy directed me. Mr. Gibson of Charleston; and Mr. Alexander of Charleston, were both present at said survey, and I understand are neither of- them
living. I cannot recollect the nuniber of acres to be surveyed ; I think it was six miles square."
Fourth. 'State. where- the surveyor commenced his survey, whether he made any marks, and what marks, and how far the
survey extended, and what prevented the surveyor from extending his survey further. State all the particulars, and what marks, if
any, you made on the line. To the fourth interrogatory witness answers ", The surveyor commenced his survey on the edge of Dunn's
lake, at the south end of Cowen's old field, as it was called by the guide, Peter Survel ; we run. the line from thence, from three quarters of a mile to a mile and a half, west from the lake, and blazed the trees with one or two chops above the blazes ; these marks were made by me. And then, on account of some misunderstanding between Mr. Darley and Mr. McHardy, the surveyor,

JANUARY TERM, 1847..

19

The United States v. Lawton et al.

the survey was stopped. The misunderstanding arose from Mr:. McHardy's wishing to see the oider of survey, which Mr. Darley refused to exhibit to him, although he said he had it with him ; we then broke up the survey, and went back to Mr. McHardy's, on the Tomoka."
Fifth. Say if it was the north or south line that McHardy surveyed.
To the fifth interrogatory witness replies " The line surveyed by Mr. McHardy was ifitended for the north line of the tract." Sixth. Were you or not with James M. Gould, esquire, at the time he made a recent survey of a tract of laud as claimed by the heirs pf Darley ? State whether or not.you pointed out the Startingpoint of this survey ; was it the same at which McHardy commenced ; did you see any mark there, such 'as you juaged 'to ,be the same that was made by McHardy, or not ? To the sixth interrogatory witness replies "1Iwas with James M. Gould, esquire, at the time he made a recent survey of a tract of land as claimed by the heirs of Darley, I showed Dv[r. James M. Gould the same point at which we had commenced *the survey, when I was vith Mr. McHardy, I saw and pointed out to Mr. Gould the same marks which I had made when.I was with Messrs.'Darley and Mc~lardy. I ihowed him a blazed tree, as the starting-point." Seventh. Did you or not see other marks ? State all the par-
ticulars. To the seventh direct interrogatory witness says "I saw several blazes about the woods, but no other surveyor's
marks. I did nothing more than to show them thbse old marks which I had made."
Eighth. State any other facts within your.recollection. To the eighth and last direct interrogatory witness says " That I donot know any other matter'or thing pertinent to, or
relating to, the subject-matter of these interrogatories."
JAMES, PELLICIER.

Cross-interrogatories to be propounded on behalf of the United States to James Pellicier, a witness for the petitioner in the above-

entitled cause.

First. If you say that you know James Darley, please state whether he is now alive,or dead, when andwhere he died, and his !ge at the time of his-death, and your age now.

To the first cross-interrogatory witness replies

"

"I know James, Darley. He aied in St. Augustine, in the

*summer of 1832. I do not know of his age at the tigie he died ;

he must have been. between forty-five and fifty years of age, when he died. I am nearly forty-seven years of age now."'

20

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Lawvton et al.

Second. Where was said James Barley born 3 was he not.born in Scotland, or in some other foreign country ?
To the second cross-interrogatory witness answers :' I1 have heard Mr. Darley say that he was born in England;
have often heard him say that he was of English birth.". . Third. if you say'that said James Darley was a Spanish subject, state how you know that fact; do you know it*of your. own knowl-
edge ? To the third cross-interrogatory, witness answers "11 have no other knowledge of 3ames Barley being a Spanish
subject, than from having so understood from himself, and from the fact of his enjoying liberties and privileges which only. Spanish sub-, jects were .permitted'by the laws of the province to enjoy ; he was reputed to be a Spanish subject."
Fourth. Hf you answer the second direct interrogatory in the affifmative, please state how you obtained such knowledge; was it not from report or hearsay, or the statements of said James Darley
himself ?
To the fourth cross-intierrogatory, witness says : "My answer to the second direct interrogatory embraces all my knowledge on the subject, and is as full as I can make it." . Fifth. If you answer the third direct interrogatory in the affirm-
ative, please state how you obtained. your knowledge of said suryey ; was it from report or hearsay, or the statements of the said James Barley himself ? Did-you assist in making a survey f6r said James Barley, at Dunn's lake ?, If you did, state when and. who was the surveyor, whether y6o khow this of your own knowl-
edge or from hearsay. To the fifth cross-interrogat6ry, witness says :
"I obtained my knowledge of the survey spoken bf, -byhaving been present at,, and assisting in making, such survey at Dunn's lake -as before'spoken of.. It was in the early part of -1818 ; it might have been iftihe early part of 1817 ; it strikes me that it was in the early Iaft of 1818. Mr. McHardy I know of my own
knowledge was the surveyor." Sixth. If you state who were the chain-carriers, state whether
you know this fact ; do you know ivof your own knowledge, or only from hearsay or the 'statements of said James Barley himself'?
To the sixth cross-interrogatory, witness says SI know who were the chain-carriers of my own knowledge, having been present at, and "assisting in, the survey."
Seventh. f you state where the said surveyor commenced his
survey, or testify as to other matters inquired of in the fourth direct interrogatory, please state'how you know that fact; were you pres-
ent at the making of the said survey ? To the seventh cross-interrogatory, witness answers -
"I was present at the making of said survey, and know where tme

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

21

The United States v. Lawton et al.

survey commenced from my own knowledge ; the other portions of the fourth direct interrogatory are fully answered in the answer to that interrogatory.
Eighth. How old were you at the time when you say the said survey was made ? was said James Darley present at the making thereof ? who was present ? State the names. (and age as near as you can recollect) of all the persons who were present.
To the eighth cross-interrogatory,, witness says': C"I was about the age of twenty-one years when that survey was
made; the said James Darley was present at the making of said survey, and also a Mr. Gibson, and a Mr. Alexander of Charleston, and the two chain-carriers, and myself, and Mr. McHardy, made up our party. Messrs. Gibson and Alexander took no part in the survey ; Mr. Gibson was about twenty-five years of age; Mr. Alexander must have been full fifty years of age, or upwards ; George Bulger must have been about forty years-of age, and Peter Survel, the other chain-carrier, must have been about thirty years of age ; Mr. McHardy was, about forty years of age, and Mr. Darley, from thirty to thirty-five years of age, .at that time."
Ninth. If you answer the sixth direct interrogatory in the aflirmative, please state what marks you poinfed out to the said James Gould, Esq., and how you "judged any of said marks to be the same that were nade by the said McHardy1 )
To he ninth cross-interrogatory, witness answers: I pointed out to Mr. James M. Gouldbae blazes, with one or two chops above ; I think two chops ; I know them to have been the sadie marks made by me, on occasion of the survey made by MeHardy ; I judged them to be the same marks, from having made themrayself, 'ard. from the fact of no other surveyor at that time using the same marks, besides McHardy ; these were the marks always made by MeHardy in all his surveys. Tenth. -What were said marks? describe them, and also all the other marks that you there saw, particularly ; were there any letters amongst them ? If there were, state what'letters. To the tenth cross-interrogatory, witness answers "' Said marks made on said survey were such as I have just de-
scribed, a blaze with one or two chops about it ; I think two chops ; we made no other marks,, except these blazes And chops. I saw no surveyor's marks other than these, at that time or since ; I never saw any letters at or about that place."
Eleventh. Is there any other matter or thing Within your knowledge, material or pertinent to the issbe in this case ; if there is, please to answer the same as fully and particularly as though you were, now thereto specially interrogated ?
To the eleventh cross-interrogatory, witness answers :" There is no other Wnatter ur thing within my knowledge, material
or pertinent to the issue in this cause. "
JAMES PELLICIER.

22

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Lawton e tal.

The claimants also offered the evidence-.of James M. Gould, who made the survey, which was as follows :-
"The survey made by me, and now before me, is a correct survey, according to the certificate appended thereto. I took with me the maps from the land-6ffice.
"I found the marks of the government surveys, the sections and township lines ; I took with me as a guide Mr. James Pellicier ; I found trees marked, running nearly the same as the northerly ine of the tract leading from the lake out in thewoods ; they were old marks ; Mr. Pellicier pointed out to me a tree with old marks, and stated that within a hundred yards of that tree was the line of the grant, that is, the beginning corner ; could not tell whether the marks on that tree were surveyor's marks or not ; Pellicier represented it as. a starting-point, or ag a tree which he recalled to mind as indicating about where the starting-point was. He did not state to me that it began at a stake ; he.did not positively point out any tree as the starting-point ; he said the tract was south of that tree. I-then sought for a line, and found the line spoken of; I did not find the line running from that tree, I found the line I suppbse about a hundred yards south from th it tree ; the .marked line of trees pontinued for half a mile from the "ake, until we came to a pond; I 'found no old marks beyond and westwardly of the pQnd ; my line varies a little from that- line ; it varies, however, several degrees ; that old line was recognized by *Mr.Pellicier as the line he -had assisted in running ; he stated that they were marked with a blaze'and two chops, and I found trees marked with a blaze and two chops, which were old marks; I did not look for any other trees marked, after I had found the old line ; I saw po other old marked trees ; they varied a little from the line I run ; it bore a little more northerly than mine ; I tan the line I did, because it was the courge called for by Geo. J. F'. Clarke's survey; the line varied northerly perhaps ten degrees; I ran, as I did, moreover, belause the order of court directed me as nearly as possible to conform to Clarke's
survey."
On the 28th of June, 1844, the court pronounced an opinion and decree, from which the following is an extrAct.
"It cannot be overlooked, 'inexamining the papers thus far, that the evident intention of the Spanish governor was, that a saw-mill should be erected on the lands thus granted, and that that was the sole and only considerationfor the graint ; and it is singular that the govern6r-did not, as in all other cases of mill grants, make the
building of a mu, a condition precedent to the giving of an absolute
title ; for I believe there is no other case of a mill grant, by the goveinor of East Florida, where the absolute title was not made to
depend upon the building of th6 mill, unless'other considerations,
entered into the grant; but it seems that for some- reasons 'best

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

23

The United States v. Lawton et al.

known to himself, Governor Coppinger departed from the usual

form, and dispensed with the usual conditions, inserted in such

grant , and gave the land in Iabsoluteproperty' to the petitioner,

trusting to his good faith to build the mill, which the governor him-

self sets forth as the sole consideration of the grant. If, therefore,

the governor was willing to take that matter upon trust, and to

make the grant absolute, and without condition, zrs it seems be did

do, it is not within the province of this court to say that the grant

is void, because the condition was not complied with, or the con-

sideration for which it was made was not in fact rendered.

"1According to the principles which hate heretofore governed this

court in the adjudication of these land cases, the, proofs seem to be

sufficient to warrant a confirmation of the grant, and upon the testi-

mony exhibited I consider the claimants entitled to a decree of con-

firmation ; and after a careful examination of the recent survey,

made by James M. Gould, and the testimony connected therewith,

I think that the location and boundarieg of the tract, as defined in

that survey, are according to the calls of-the grant ; and all things

considered, it is, perhaps, as fair and proper a location as can well

be made.

IIIt is manifest that Clarke's survey or location, or that which was

pretended to have been made by him (and of which a plat has

been given in evidence), could not be found, and I presume for the

obvious reason that no survey was in fact ever made by him. The

recent survey, therefore, could not follow hi§ old survey, but the

courses of the different lines of the tract, adopted by the surveyor

recently, are the [same] as Clarke's ; and on. an inspection of the

map of the adjacent country, I think that the location and Aurvey,

as made by Gould, not only follows the calls of the grant in all es-

sential particulars, but corresponds, so far as it can, with Clarke's

pretended survey.

" The grant is therefore con6irmed, according to the recent sur-

vey of Gould, and a decree will be entered accordingly.

" June .28th, 1844.

J. H. BRONSON, Judge."

Fiom this decree the United States appealed.

The cause was argued at the preceding term by Mlfr. .Afason (then Attorney-General), for the United States, and by .Mr. Yulee, for the appellee, and held over to the present term under a curia.

0;ir. Olason, for the United States, made four points.
1. That the petition should have been dismissed, because, from the neglect or delay of the claimant, itwas not prosecuted to a final decision within two years.
2. Because there is no proof in the record that the plaintiffs are the devisees of Darley, the original claimant.

24

SUPREME COURT.,

The United States t. Lawton et al.

3. Because the claimant never complied with the condition on which the concession was made, and the United States is not bound, by the laws of nations, the treatywith Spain, or our own laws, to recognize and confirm such an inchoate claim, without a performance of the condition upon which the grant was made.
4. If this obligation exists, the calls of the grant are so indefinite
and uncertain, that a location cannot be made agreeably to such calls.
(All this argument is omitted except that upon the fourth point, as the decision of the court rested entirely upon that.)
IV. But if the United States were bound to recognize and confirm the claim without the performance of the condition, and without any consideration,the question recurs, Are the calls of the grant so definite and certain that a location can be made under it agreeably to such calls ? If they are not, the claim must be rejected.
The grant or concession is for the six miles square of land which the petitioner had solicited. Darley, in his petition, asked fo "six miles square of land at the place called Dunn's lake, upon the St.
John's river." There is no such place as Dunn's lake upon the St. John's
river, The land claimed was not surveyed before the transfer of
the province to the United- States. The survey of G. J. F. Clarke purports to have been made on
the 21st of D5ecember, 1817 ; but it does not follow the calls of the concession, and is evidently what is called an office survey, and notan aotual survey; and so the court decided.
The one commenced by McHardy wds not completed, and for a reason which throws much suspicion over that transaction ;, viz. because Darley, the grantee, would not show to McHardy, the surveyoi, the order of the governo. for making the survey, although he'
said that he had it. See Pellicier's testimony. McHardy was a'private. surveyor, and, had no right to survey
public lands without a special order. And the refusal of Darley to
show him such an order leads to the presumption, either that he had none, or that Darley had- taken Mr. McHardy to the wrong place. This proceeding, therefore, so far from aiding Gould's late location, makes strongly against it.
Dunn's lake is fifteen miles long and three or four wide. Ithas, therefore, at least thirty-six miles of border. It is not on the St. John's river, but from seven to ten miles distant from it.
On which side should this land be located, -_ east, west, north, or
,south ? The concession does not show. The. settled doctrine in respect to these Florijla grants is,' that
grants for lands, embracing a wide exterit of country, or within a large area of natural or artificial boundaries, and which lands were not surveyed before the 24th January, 1818, and are. without such designations as will give a place of beginning for a survey, are-not lands withdrawn from the mass of vacant lands ceded to the United

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

25

The United States v. Lawton et al.

States in the Floridas, and are void as well on. that account as for

being so uncertain that locality cannot be given to them.
This doctrine was held in Buyck's case, 15 Peters, 215, which was for a grant of lands "at N1usquito," south and north of said place. Also, in O'Hara's case, 15 Peters, 275.
And, again, in Delespine's case, 15 Peters, 319. And also in Forbes's case, 15 Peters, .182, "which was for a grant, of land in the district or bank of the river Nassau."

And, again, in- the case of the. United States v. Miranda, 16 Peters, 159, 160, and 161, where, all these cases are cited and ahrmed.

It is believed, therefore, that this grant is void, -for the reasons
above 'stated. It was not made in such a way as to distinguish it from things of
a like kind ; nor has the identity of the gkant been shown by extra-' neous evidence. O'Hara and others v. the United States, 15

Peters, 283.

.Xr. Yulee, for the appellees. '(All of his argument is also omitted, except upon the 4th point made by the Attorney-General.)
2. It is next objected by the Attorney-General, that the grant mist be rejected for indefiniteness in its location.

Ifits not half as indefinite as many of the cases of Florida grants confirmed by this court. But thefact that it was located prior to the 24th Januar, 1818, by Clarke, a public officer, whose province it was to make location of. grants, gives it certainty and definiteness of locality, if'even the terms '6f .the grant were in themselves in-

definite.

The survey adopted by the court below is stated by the court to conform "1to the calls of the grant in all essential particulars" ; and Gould, the surveyor, states that, as directed by the court, he made the survey*"to conform, as nearly as.pbssible, to Clarke's survey."
The testimony of Joseph S. Sanchez, at the -time United
States marshal of East Florida, and that of Mauricio Sanchez, togetherwith 'an inspection of the map, will sh6w that there is no difficulty in 'making the location under the grant. Dunn's lake is a sort of 'adjunct of the St. John's'river, between which lakeand the river'there lies a strip of land of an average width of about five miles, being in some places six, in others more or less. A location on this strip would be strictly and literally as described in the grant, "at the place called Dunn's lake,.on the river St. John's."
The Attorney-General erroneously states Sanchez's testimony, in fixing the lake at from seven to ten miles' distance. from.the river. One of the Sanchez says it is from' six to ten, the other (the best
informed) says, "the average width of the strip of land lying between the lake and the river St. John's is about five miles,V' and the survey of Gould shows that the plat extends from the river on

one line to the lake on the opposite.

VOL. V.

3

26

SUPREME COURT.'

The United States v. Lawton et a!.

It is unnecessary to refer to the authorities cited by the AttorneyGeneral. The local court, familiar with the localities, decides that the survey is conformable with the calls of the grant ; the surveyor of the county so also declares ; the inspectionm of the map will confirm their judgment ; and no person familiar with the topography of the vicinage will doubt for a moment that the grant is capable of
ready location.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion-of the court.
We are called on. to ascertain .the correctness of an opinion and decree pronounced by the Superior Court of East Florida, by which there was confirmed to certain claimantsi through James Darley, a -tract of land containing 23,040 acres. The only question proposed to be examined regards a location of the land by the decree. Darley solicited the governor of East Florida, in 1817, to grant to him in absolute'property six miles square of land, " at the place called Dunn's lake, upon the river St. John's"; and the grant was made as solicited. This is the entire description. The river .St. John's is one of the principal waters of East Florida, and a principal object in its geography, and may therefore be judicially noticed, ds -minor objects hive been, in our decisions affecting Spanish claims in the same section of country. The river is of considerable length, and runs through several lakes ; there is no place on the, river, however, known as Dunn's lake, so far as we are informed, by the proofs or otherwise ; but there is a considerable lake, well known as "Dunn's lake," lying near the St. John's ; it is proved to lie east of the river, nearly parallel with it, and about five miles from the river on an average. The lake i§ about fifteen miles long, and three or four miles wide. From the description of the land solicited, it is difficult
to say whether the petitioner asked to have"it laid off on the river or on the lake, but the purpose for which the grant was made de-
cides the ambiguity of expression. The objectwas the erection of machinery for the sawing of lumber, and the advancement of com-
merce in the province, from the article of lumber ; and therefore the land was solicited to be laid' ff on the -river, for the purpose of establishing inachinery, to be propelled by water power. Giving the most favorable intendment to the locality described in the petition and grant, still we can only say, that the grant was for land on the river, opposite to the Jake ; and by further indulging a favorable construction, so as to limit the 'territory referred to within narrower bounds, hold that the survey should .be made on that side of the:.
river next the lake, aud between the lake and the. -river. This was obviouslp the viewv-taen of the matter by the experienced judge of
the Superior Court, and in.which we concur. -The St. John's river in its general course of northeast makes a
large bend t the west, opposite to the upper end of the lake, and
there passesnthrough Lake St. George' and by its meanders lies op-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

27

The United States v. Lawton et al.

posite to each end and one side of Dunn's lake. A copy of the plat filed in the land-office, representing the township surveys of that locality, is in the record as evidence, from which these facts appear ; and also, that -the St. John's lies opposite Dunn's lake, by its various bends, for a distance of some thirty. miles. This is the base line, on which the survey might front. Then, again, by the Spanish ordinances existing in Florida and governing such surveys, the front on the river could not exceed one-third of the longitudinal extension back; nor does the description of " six miles square" alter the rule prescribed by the general law. Sibbald 's case, 10 Peters, 313; United States v. Hanson. 16 Peters, 201. Governed hy these rules, *and with this extent of territory before it, the Superior Court was called on to identify the land granted, and render a decree. The difficulty lay in finding a point at which to commence the survey : from the face of the grant this could not be done, and therefore the court sought aid from the following additional circumstances. In Decem-
ber, 1817, Geo. Clarke, the surveyor-general of the province, filed a plat and certificate of survey in his office, purporting to have been made of this grant ; but no proof was offered to show that any such survey had ever been made by Clarke on the ground, and the Supe-
rior Court expressed its apprehensions that the survey was fictitious, as appears by the opinion found in the record ; yet, as it inignt turn out otherwise on search being made on the ground, and at the survey might reasonably conform to the calls of the concession, should landmarks be found, a search and resurvey was qrdered, and one
was made and returned to the court by Gould, corresponding as near as might be, in the judgment of the surveyor, to the lines laid
down on Clarke's plat, at the upper end of Dunn's lake. But no line-marks were found that had been made by Clarke, and his plat
and certificateproved to be merely fictitious ; his work not extending beyond what he had done on paper. As no aid could be de-
ri-2d from this source to direct the surveyor, Gould, when in the
field, he resorted to another; it was this. In the spring of"1818, Darley had employed McHardy, a private surveyor, to lay off the six mile's square of land, with, the aid of Darley, and where he was
present. They commenced at the head of Dunn's lake, and run and
marked a line about a mile, and then disagreed' as to the propriety of making the survey as proposed by Darley, for what particular
reason does not appear. This was all that was ever done in the field previous to the time Gould went on the ground, in July, 1843. Gould took with him Pellicier, who assisted AlcHardy in marking the line in 1818, for the distance of the mile above spoken of; and
finding the marks at that point, Gould commenced the survey on
which the decree is founded, and laid off the grant in a square form of six miles to each side5 fronting on Dunn's lake, and extending to St. George's lake, through which the river St. John's passes. The survey has no connection with the St. John's river, further than that

28

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Lawton et al.

at its southwest corner it reaches, to the extent of about one mile, the margin of Lake St. Georg.
In the first place, 'we are of opinion, that the fictitious plat and
certificate of Clarke can have no influence in fixing the identity of the land granted; nor, secondly, can any consideration be ac-
corded to the line-marks made by McHardy in 1818 ; and, therefore, we are compelled to resort to the.face of the concession for a description that will identify the land granted. And here, some legal principles interpose themselves for our government ; the first of which is, that the.powers of the United States courts are conferred by acts of Congress, and cannot extend beyond the powers conferred. Previous to thp passing of the act of May 26, 1824, conferring the .jurisdiction ;on the courts to adjudge incipient titles, such as the prf.sent is, th6' 6litical power could alone finally pass on them, and Congress unitrmly did so. By that act the courts were invested with- the jurisdiction that Congress had previously exercised; but to an extent considerably limited. The governing rules of adjudication, as- prescribed, are found in the second section of that act ; first, -" 1 The courts shall.have full power and
authority to hear and determine all questions in said cause relative to the title of the claimant. Second, the extent, locality, and boun-
daries of the said claim," &c. And by the sixth section, on a decree being had; and a copy thereof being served on the surveyorgeneral of the district, he shall survey the land decreed, for which a patent shall be issued by the President to the claimant.' The
"1locality, extent, and boundaries," the court must'find, before it can make an effective decree ; and if these cannot be found, no decree can be made- for any specific piece or parcel of land. The 'Superior Court had no power to grant land ; nor bad it any: power to decree an equivalent for land that could not be identified ; so this court has at various times held ; as in the cases of Forbes (15 Peters, 184), of Buyck (ibid. 223), and in several other cases.
The court, not being enabled, in this instance, to "derive any assistance from public acts' beyond the face of the grant, nor authorized'to grant an. equivalent, has presented to it a territory some thirty miles long, on th'e margin of the river St. John's, at any one point in which distance the survey, might be commenced with equal propriety that it might be at any other point; it follows, that the description, when applied td the facts, is too vague and indefinite for any survey to be made, and that, thbrefore, the claimants can take nothing under the concession ; and that it is our duty to order 'the decree of 'the Superior Court of East Florida- to be reversed, and the pdtition to be dismissed.
.We would remark, in addition, that this concession in its leading features cannot be distinguished fron" various others that have heretofore been brought before this court for adjudication, where no s eci6 lad was granted, or intended to be granted ; but it was left

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

29

The United States v. Boyd et al.

to the petitioner to have .a survey made of the land in the distri. referred to by the concessioiby the surveyor-general -of the province, in due form, on the ground, and to cause the plat and certificate of such survey to be recorded, by the surveyor-general, by which additional public act -the land granted was severed from the king's domain, but remained part of it until the-survey was made and recorded. Until this was done, thJ warrant was a floating wamrant of survey, not recognized by the government of Spain before the cession, nor by this government since, ag conferring an individual title to any specific parcel of land on the petitioner; so this court in effect held in the case of Wiggins (14 Peters, 351). From the time that such claims first came before this court, they have not. been deemed as coming within the cognizance of -the courts of Florida, because the 8th article of the treaty'of 1819 did not embrace them ; it only provided, "That grants of land mad& by his Catholic Majesty, or by his lawful authorities, should be ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession of them, to the same extent that the same grants would be valid if the territories had remained under the dominion of his Catholic Majesty." Adtual manual possession has never been required to give title, but such identity must be established as to enable the courts t9 ascertain with reasoncole cer-" tainty where the land lies; as was held in Hanson's case (15 Peters) and others. And this may be shown either from the face *of the grant, or by a legal survey made by the surveyor-general in conformity to the grant, during the time he had power to make such ,surveys.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the' Superior Court for the Distridt of East Florida, and was argued by counsel. On consideration' whereof, it is the opinion of this court, that the claimants can take nothing under ilie concession in this case ; whereupon, it is now here ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the .aid Superior Court in this case be and the -same is hereby reversed and annulled ; and that -this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said Superior Court,'with directions to dismiss the petition of the claimants.

THE UNITED STATES, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, v. GoRnoN D. BoYD AND'
OTHERs, DrFENDANTS.
The act of Congress, passed -on the 24th of April, 1820 (3 Statutes at Large, 56),
which substituted cash payments in lieu of credit sales of the public lands, made no exception in favor of, the receiver. If he can purchase at all, it must be by placing his own money with the other moneys which he holds in trust for the government.

382

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

The two sovereignties of the State and the territorial government cannot exist at the same time within the same limits. The territorial government exists in full vigor until it is abolished by the admis-
sion of the State. There was, then, a direct and irreconcilable repugnance in the exercise of the sovereign power by the State, so long as the federal authority was exercised in the Territory.

Mr. Justice WAYNE concurred, that this court had not jurisdiction in this case, but did not assent to any conclusions in the opinion on the merits in this controversy involving the political relations of Micligan with the United States before Michigan was admitted into the Union.
Mr. Justice NELSON concurred with the opinion of Mr. Justice McLean.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Supreme Court of the'State of Michigan, and was argued by counsel. On-consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by. this court, that this cause be and the same is hereby dismissed, for the want of jurisdiction.

Tm UNITED STTS, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, V. THE BANK OF THE
UNITED STATES.
In the case of The United States v. The Bank of the United States (2 Howard, 711), the court is of opinion that the question on the structure of the bill is an open question, and for the first time presented to this court for decision.
The statute of Maryland of 1785, in its terms, does not embrace a bill of exchange drawn on a foreign government.
A bill of exchange in form, drawn by one 'government on another, as this was, is not and cannot be governed by the law merchant, and thereforeis not subject to protest and consequential damages..
THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court bf the United States for the Eastern iDistrict of Pennsylvania, and Was a continuation of the same case, between the game parties, which was reported'in 2 Howard, 711.
Being sent back to the Circuit Court, it came up for trial in- No, vember, 1844,,when .the "ury, under the instructions of the court, found a verdict for the defendants below, viz. the bank.
At the trial, the following bill of exceptions was filed, which brought the case again to this court.
Bill of Exception.
Be it remembered, that tt the sessions of April, A. D. 1838, came the United Stites of America into the Circuit Court of the

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

383

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, and imp leaded the President, Directors, and Company of the Bank'of the
nited States, in a certain plea of trespass in the case, &c., in which the said plaintiffs declared (prout narr.) and the said defendants pleaded (prout pleas). And thereupon issue was joined*be-
tween them. And afterwards, to wit, at a session of said court, held at the
city of Philadelphia, before the Honorable Archibald Randall? judge of the said court, on the day of November, A. D. 1844, the, aforesaid issue between the said parties came to be tried by a jury of the said district, duly impanelled (prout jury), at which day came as well the plaintiff as the said defendant, by their respective attorneys ; and the jurors aforesaid, impanelled to try the issues aforesaid, being also called,. came, and were then and there in due manner chosen -and sworn, or affirmed, to try the said issues; and, upon the trial, the counsel of the said plaintiffs stated their de-
mand to be for $ 170,041.18, with interest, - the balance unpaid,-
due to the plaintiffs as holders 6f 66,692 shares of the capital stock of defendants, of $ 3.50 per share, being the amount of a dividend of half-yearly profits declared by the defendants in the month of July, A. D. 1834. And to maintain the said issue on the part 'of the plaintiffs, proved that they were then.the holders of said shares of stock, and gave in evidence a resolution of the directors of the said defendants made on the 7th July, 1834 (prou), and their advertisement in one of the daily- newspapers of Philadelphia (proul), and the account of the said defendants in their books with .he plaintiffs for the first half-year of 1833 (prout).
And the defendants, to maintain the said issue on their part, gave in evidence a bill. of exchange, drawn and dated at the treasury department of the United States, Washington, 7th February, 1833, by the Secretary of the Treasury on the Minister and Secretary of State for the Department of Finance of the kingdom of France for 4,856,6669 francs, payable at sight .to the order of defdndants' cashier (prout bill) ; and the several indorsements thereon, (prout) ; and a writing of the same date with the said bill, under the seal of the United States and hand of the President, dated at Washington (prout) ; and the presentment and refusal of payment and protest of said bill, at Paris, on the 22d of March, 1833 (prout) ; protest, and a notice thereof by defendants, through their cashier,- to the said Secretary of the Treasury, in a letter of 26th April, 1833 (prout) ; and the return of said bill and protest to the said Secretary of the Treasury, in a letter from the said defendants' cashier, dated 13 May, 1833, with an.account annexed'; in which letter and account demand was made of the payment of the principal of the said bill, with costs and charges of nrotest and interest thereon, and damages on said principal, at fifteen per cent. (prout letter and account) ; and proved the then rate of exchange to have been as

384

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. The Bank of the United States,

therein stated ; arid'gave in evidence a statute of the State of Maryland (prout), passed in 1785, and an article of the commercial code 9 f France (prout) ; and the correspondence (prout)between the Secretary of the Treasury and the defendants, concerning said bill, before and after the drawing thereof, and proved the allowance by the Secretary of the Treasury of a credit for, and payment thus made, of the principal of said bill ; and further proved the presentment to the accounting officers of the treasury, and their rejection and disallowanc of a claim on the part of the defendants, for a credit of the said fifteen per cent. thereon, and said cost and charges of protest (proutexemplifiation); and the said defendants'claimed on the said trial a credit for and to set off de"falk.: the same claims being, as ihey alleged, in amount equal to the claim of the plaintiffs.
And the said plaintiffs, to rebut the aforesaid claim of the said defendants to a.set-off, relied upon and gave in evidence a convention between the United States of America and France, made the 4th day'of July, A. D. 1831, and ratified the 2d day'of February, 'A. D. 1832 (prout same), together 'vith an-act of Congress passed the 13th day of July, 1832 (prout), by tle seventh section of which it was made the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury "to cause the severainstalments, with the interest payable thereon, payable to the United States, in virtue of the said cofivention, to be
received from the Fre'nch government and transferred to the' United States in such a manner as he may deem best, and the net proceeds thereof to be paid into the treasury." And also a letter of EdwardLivingston, Department of State, dated Washihgton, 8th"February, 183, to Nathaniel Niles,'Esq., Paris. (Prout same.)
And the counsel for tWe said plaintiffs requested the learned judge to charge the jury,-
1. That the evidence in,the cause does not show a contract between the government and the bank for the sale of a bill of exchange, but an undertaking or the part.of the defendants, s the agents of the plaintiff, to transfer to the United States the first instalment due under the treaty with France, and that the bill was only one of the instruments for carrying the sakne into effect. And further, that the question of agency is for the jury to decide.
2. That the act of Maryland of 1785, under whiibh the defendants claim damages, .does iot extend to the United States.
3. ' hat the bill in question; being drawn by one government upon another, and upon a particular fund, is not a bill of exchange within
the legal meaning of the terms, and is not embraced by the. statute. 4. That ihe defendants, being indorsers of the bill, -and not the
holders or owners at the time of protest, are not entitled to the damages, since, they have.not.paid them.
But the court refused to instruct the jury as requested by the plaintiffs' counsel, and charged them as follows, to wit -
It'is admitted, ihat if this was a suit between individuals, and tbe

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

385

The United States v. The Bank of the, United States.

defendant was the actual owner of a bill of exchange drawn by the

plaintiff on a foreign country, and protested for non-payment, he

would be entitled to the damages now claimed by the bank ; 'but it

is contended, 1st, that the evidence in this cause does not show a

sale of the bill of exchange to the bank, but an agency on the part

of the bank to assist in procuring the transfer of the funds to the

United States. The whole of the evidence on this subject is in

writing, and therefore a matter of law, and,-in my opinion, estab-

lishes a clear and unequivocal- sale by the United States, and pur-

chase and payment for the bill by the bank ; and that in the en-

deavours to collect it there was no other agency than always exists

between the owner and other parties to a bill of exrhange. Again,

it is said, that if this was a purchase of the bill by the bank, yet the

defendants cannot set off this claim, because the act Qf Marylandlof

1785 does, not extend to bills drawn by the government of the

United States. When the United States, by its authorized officer,

beeome a party to negotiable paper, they have all the rights, and

incu'r'all the responsibility, of individuals who are part'es to such

instrvinents ; there is no difference, except that the United Stites

cadnot be'sued ; and from the unavoidable use of commercial paper

by the United States, they are as much interested as the communi-

ty at large in maintaining this principle.

OIn the present case, the United States do not sue for a debt due

to them as a government, but as stockholders or copartners for their

proportion of the profits accruing on the use of their nioney, which

they have invested in the stock of the corporation, and are to he

treated in all respects like any ordinary stockholder, who would be

bound to pay a debt due to the bank before he could sustain an

action for his dividends.

The remaining objections are, that if the Maryland act of 1785

does embrace bills drawn by government, then this, being a bill

drawn on a particular fund, is not a bill of exchange in the legal

meaning of the term ; and that if it is such a bill, the bank was not

the holder or owner of-it at the time of protest, and therefore is not

entitled to the damages given by the statute.

These questions appear to me*to ha#e been determined by the

Supreme Court of the United States in the present cause in favor

of the defendants; whether they were rightly determined, it is not

for us to inquire; that determination is-binding on us, and until re-

viewed by themselves must be considered the law of the land. If

I have mistaken their views on this, or erred in any other point of

the cause, it will be corrected by a refxamination of the case in that

court ; but a construction of their opinion, given by the jury, is-only

capable of being reexamined in this court, which may lead to a new

trial and lengthened litigation, to the disadvantage of all parties, as

it will undoubtedly be only finally determined in the court of the

voi,. v.

33

386

SUPREME COURT.

-The-United States v. The Bank of tht United States.

last resort. This being, then, my view of the law, in my opinion the defendants are entitled to the verdict.
And thereupon the counsel for the plaintiffs excepted.

The cause was argued by lfr. Clifford (the Attorney-General) and M!r. .N'elson, for the United States, the plaintiffs in error, and by ·Mr. Sergeant, for the Bank.
Mr. Clifford assigned five causes of error, viz. -
1st. That the bill upon which the damages in controversy are claimed by the defendants in error, under the circumstances stated in the record, is not a bill of exchange and embraced by the Maryland statute of 1785.
2d. That if a bill of exchange within the terms of that statute,
the statute does not extend to the United States, so as to render 'them liable to the payment of the fifteen per cent. damages claimed by the defendants.
I 3d. That the evidence in the cause does not show a contract be-
tween the plaintiffs and the defendants -for the sale of a bill of exchange, but an undertaking on the part of the defendants, as the agents of the government, to transfer to the -United States. the first instalment due under the treaty with the King of the French of the 4th July, 1831, and that the bill in questibn was one of the instruments for accomplishing that object.
4th. That the defendants, being indorsers of the bill, and not owners or holders at the time of protest, are not entitled to damages, since they have not paid them.
5th. That there was error in the charge of the court below in having instructed the jury that the defendants were entitled to their verdict,- thus withdrawing from the consideration of the jury the facts which they alone were competent to find.
After stating these points, the Attorney-General proceeded with
the argument. The demand of the plaintiffs is not the subject of dispute. The
questions to be determined grow out of the set-off filed by the defendants. That claim had its origin in an unsuccessful attempt of the Secretary of the Treasury, through the medium of-the Bank of the United States, to transfer to this country the first instalment payable to this government by France, under the convention of the 4th July, 1831. He proposed to discuss very briefly the several, points taken in the bill of exceptions, at the last trial in the court below. He had no doubt he might properly do so, notwithstanding the cause was formerly before the court on a previous occasion, when a decision was pronounced upon the points then presented under the bill of exceptions at that term. See 2 Howard, 711: If it were not apparent then, the facts now disclosed afford convincing proof, that the record in the former cause was in many respects incom-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

387

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

plete. Fortunately for both parties, the present record is sufficiently full, and the exceptions broad enough, to open the whole merits of the dispute, and to warrant the parties in submitting the cause to a final decision.
1. He submitted first the proposition, that the evid'ence in the cause dogs not show a contract between the plaintiffs and the defendants for the sale of a bill of exchange, but an undertaking on the part of the defendants, as the agents of the government, to transfer to the United States the first instalment due under the treaty, and that the bill in question was one of the instruments for accomplishing that object.
Whqtever the forms may have been, this was a public transactibn between two sovereign independent nations, for the purpos e of carrying into effect a treaty stipulation. In this general, view the r6Jal parties are,- Ist. The United States ; 2d. The government of France ; 3d. The Bank of the United States, at that time the fiscal agent of the government, and authorized and commissioned to demand and receive irom France a certain fund, and to transfer the same to this country. Such was the purpose. The instruments executed were such as the President of the United States, the Secretary of the . Treasury, and the president 'of the bank deemed sufficient, and best calculateUl to effect this object. Leaving out of view the parties to the bill in London and Paris, and supposing it to have been presented by the cashier of the bank, in whose favor it was drawn, and protested for non-payment as in this case, but without intervention, - which is the strongest view that can be taken of the case for the bank, - still the letters, of the parties, and other instruments executed at the date of the bill, would determine the character of the contract. The act of Congress of the 13th July, 1832 (4 Statutes at Large, 574), 'made it "1the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to cause the several instalments, with the interest thereon, payable to the United States, in virtue of the said convention, to be received from the French government, and-transferred to the United States in such manner as he may deehfn best." Congress conferred the power to cause the fund to be received and transferred. Under this act the S&cretary had no right to deal in exchange, or even to draw a bill except as a means to accomplish the purpose described in the act itself. The 8ecretary of the Treasury took this view of the law in his letter to the president of the bank of the 31st October, 1832. He commences by referring to the convention, and remarks, - "1The Secretary of the Treasury being charged by the act of the 13th July last with transferring to th6 United States the several instalments receivable under the convention, I am desirous of effecting that object in such a manner as may be most beneficial to the interests of the claimants for whom the money is to be received, and with this view I shall be glad to'receive your suggestions in regard to the transfer of the first instal-

388

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

ment." The bank was thus officially apprized of the convention creating the fund to be transferred, and its attention specially directed to the act of Congress devolving that duty uporf the Secretary of the Treasury. It was equally well advised, that the sole purpose of the head of that department was to effect the transfer of the first instalment, in a manner most beneficial to the claimants. The president of the bank, in his reply of the 5th of November, evidently regarded the proposition as one invoking the agency of the bank. He expresses himself as very willing to offer such suggestions as occur to him, in regard to the transfer of the first instalment. " After examining the subject in all its relations, with an anxiety to make the transfer on such terms as would merely prevent a loss to the bank," &c. Having given various suggestions, he concludes by
saying, that the bank "is influenced exclusively by the belief that any other arrangement would be less advantageous to the treasury." On the 26th January, 1833, the treasury department 'notify the president of the bank of their readiness to -draw on the French government for the first instalment payable under the convention. On the 30th January, the reply, marked confidential, after assigning
reason for increasing the rate, adds, - "Without looking, therefore, to any profit oi the'operation, but merely. with the expectation of incurring no loss upon it." On the 6th of February, the Secretary of the Treasury accepts the terms. The bill was drawn on the 7th, and refers to the convention in these words : -" Being the amount of the first instalment to be paid to. the United States, under the convention concluded between the 'United States and France, of the 4th July, 1831 (after deducting the amount of the first instalment to be reserved to France under the said convention), and the additional sum of nine hundred and forty thousand francs, being one year's interest at four per cent. on all the instalments payable to the United States, from the day of the exchange of the ratifications to the 2d February, 1833."

,Memorandum indorsed on the Bil.

Total amount of indemnity payable to th&United

States,

.

.

.

.

. fs.25,000,000 00

Less amount of" indemnity to be reserved to

France,

.

1,500,000 00

23,500,000 00

One year's interest, from 2d Feb. 1832, to 2d

Feb. 1833, at 4 per cent.,

.

.

.

First instalment payable to the United States,

. 940,000 00 .3,916,666 66

Amount of bill,

4,856,666 66

On the same day the Presidenst-of the United States executed an instrument in the nature of a power of attorney to the cashier of the bank, authorizing him' or his assignee to receive the amount of the

JANUARY-TERM, 1847.

389

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

bill, and, on the receipt of the sum therein specified, to give full re-

ceipt and acquittance to the government of France for the first in-

stalment. This instrument recites the convention creating the

fund, - the law, of Congress providing for its transfer, - the bill of

exchange as the means of effecting that object, -and, being in itself

a power of attorney, establishes the agency of the bank. Then fol-

lows the official despatch of the .Secretary of State of the 8th

February, advising the acting charg6 des affaires in Paris that the

bill had been drawn in favor of the cashier of the bank, and that it

was accompamed by a full power from the President of the United

States, authorizing and empowering him to give the necessary re-

ceipt and acquittance to the French government, according to the

provisions of the convention, and directing the charg des affaires

to apprize the French government of this arrangement.

The judge in the court below erred in refusing the first instruc-

tion prayed for on the part of the United States, and instructing as

he did. The agency appears.from, 1st. The act of Congress, -

"cause the several instalments to be received and transferred to the

United States." 2d. The letter of the Secretary of the Treas-

ury of the 31st October, - I I am desirous of effecting that object"

(the transfer). 3d. The reply of the president of the bank, of the

5th November, in which he refers to the transfer, and speaks of a

bill as the means. 4. The subsequent letters following out the

idea, - C withgut looking, therefore, to any profit on the operation,

but merely with the expectation of incurring no loss." 5th. The

power of attorney from the President of the United States to the

cashier of the bank, to receive the money and execute a discharge.

6. The despatch froih the Secretary of State. These several in-

struments were legally admissible to explain and qualify the bill,

and constitute a part of the original contract between the parties.

Leeds v.Lancashire, 2 Camp. 205 ; Hartley v. Wilkinson, 4 A.

& S.25 ; Chitty and Hulme, 10th American, from 9th London ed.

140 ; Bayley on Bills, 17 ; Story on Bills, § 34. A bill may

be written in part on one paper and in part on another separate and

detached paper, if the memorandum on each be contemporaneous,

and both be designed to constitute but one entire contract. The

contract may thus be qualified, restrained, or enlarged. In one case

it is said the paper between the original' parties was but an agree-

ment, while in the hands of an innocent holder it might become a

valid negotiable security. Bills of exchange and promissory notes,

like every other contract, are to be construed in such, a manner as

if possible to give effect to the intention of the parties. Chitty and

Hulme, 167.

2. The second proposition submitted. That the bill upon which

the damages in controversy are claimed by the defendants, under

the circumstances stated in the record, is not a bill of exchange and

embraced by the Maryland statute of 1785

33

-

890

SUPREME COURT.

The United States r. The Bank of the United States.
Supposing the bill in this case to be subject to the same rules of
law as are made applicable to paper between persons dealing in ex-
change, still the defendants' claim cannot be sustained. The money must be payable at all events, not dependent on any contingency, either with regard to event, or with regard to the fund out of which payment is to be made, or the parties by or to whom payment is to
be made. Chitty on Bills, 134 ; I Stephens's N. P. 777. The writers upon the law of bills of exchange usually refer to a class of
cases to illustrate what is meant by a bill or note payable eventually or upon condition, each of them instancing some few of the cases which have been presented for judicial determination. The prin-
ciple is well stated in Carlos v. Fancourt, 5 T. R. 482, by Mr. Justice Ashhurst and Lord Kenyon :-" Unless they carry their own validity on the face of them, they are not negotiable." "It would perplex the commercial transactions of mankind, if paper securities of this kind were issued out into the world encumbered with conditions and contingencies, and if the .persons to whom they were offered in negotiation were obliged to inquire when these uncertain
events would probably be reduced to -a'certainty." Courts best promote the interest of a mercantile community by adhering strictly to the rules implied in the definition-of a bill of exchange, rejecting
every coitingency. Before proceeding to discuss the contingency appearing on the face of the bill in this case, it is proper to state the nature of the contract of the drawer of a bill. " The drawing of a bill of exchange implies, on the part of the drawer, an undertaking to the payee, and to every other person to whom the bill may be afterwards transferred, that the drawee is a person capable of making himself responsible for the due payment thereof ; that he shall, upon due presentment, if applied to for the purpose, express in writing upon the face of the bill an acceptance or undertaking to pay the same when it shall become payable ; 'that be, the acceptor, shall pay the same when it becomes payable, upon due presentment thereof for that purpose ; and that if the drawee shall not accept it when so presented, or shall not so pay it woen it becomes payable, and the payee or other holder shall give him '/hedrawer, due notice thereof, then he will pay the sum or amount stated in the bill to the payee or other holder, together with such damages as the law prescribes or allcdws in such cases' as an indemnity." Story on Bills, § 121. These are general principles, but every general prinacipld has its exceptioni. It appears on the face of the instrument in this case, that it was drawn by the Secretary of the Treasury, on behalf of the United States, upon the Minister and Secretary of State for the Department of Finance of the gavernment of France, to secure the fulfilment of a treaty stipulation. The answer of the officer of the
French government, to whom the bill was presented for payment, as stated in the protest, shows the contingency ; he answered, "that having had the orders of the Minister and Secretary of State

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

391

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

for the Department of Finance, be is instructed to say, that diplomatic treaties which impose engagements on -the French treasury, to be discharged, do not become obligatory upon it until the Chambers have sanctioned the financial dispositions which are therein embraced ; therefore, the treaty concluded with the United States not being yet sanctioned by the legislature, the Minister of Finance cannot at preserit make any payment to avail upon the olligations contracted by the said treaty." Suppose a bill to have been drawn by a citizen of France on the treasury of the United States. The'
federal constitution provides, - " No money shall be drawn from the treasury but in consequence of appropriations made by law." A bill drawn upon the treasury is subject to the contingency of that provision, as much so as if the provision itself were incorporated, into the bill ; and would it be said, that the drawer contracted against that provision, or that the appropriation had been made when Congress had not assembled ? * Hence it has been decided in Reeside v. Knox, 2 Wharton, 233, that every bill drawn upon government is drawn upon a fund. A public officer may doubtless draw or receive bills to facilitate the business of his department, but he would transcend his power did he attempt to pledge the responsi-
bility of the government as a merchant or banker. As to what is contingent, or conditional. " The payment of a
bill must not rest on any contingency, except the failure of the general personal credit of he person drawing or negotiating the instrument." 3 Kent, 76. "1The sum to be paid must not only be in money, and certain in amount, but it must be payable absolutely - and at all events. If it be payable out of a particular fund only, or upon an event which is contingent, or if it be otherwise conditional,
it-is not in contemplation of law a bill of exchange, or in its essential character negotiable." Story oii Bills, §§ 55, 56. Other cases illustrating what is a contingency or condition :- A note promising to pay plaintiff or order on demand a certain sum, or to surrender the body of A. B. Smith v. Boheme, 3 Lord Raym. 67. A promise to pay T. Al. so much money, if my brother doth not.pay it within such a time. Atplbby v. -Biddolph, cited in 8 Mod. 363. I, John Conner, promise to pay to John Ferris or his order fifty
pounds; signed John Conner, or else Henry Bond. Ferris v. Bond, cited in Bayley on Bills, 17, and in Stephens's N. P. 777. We promise to pay A. B. aic.ertain sum on the death of C. D., provided he leaves either of us sufficient to pty the said sum, or if he shall be otherwise able to pay it. Roberts v. Peake, 1 Burr. 323.
A promise to pay within so many days after the defendant should marry. Beardesley v. Baldwin, 2 Stra. 1151. Out of my growing subsistence. Josselyn v.Lacier, 10 Mod: 294. Out of the fifth

*Ag to the law governing the contract, see Bronson v. Kinzie, 1 How. 329; McCracken v. Hayward, 2 ibid. 612.

392

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

payment when it should become due. Haydock v. Lynch, 2 Lord
Raym. 1563. Out of A. B.'s money, as soon as he should receive it. Dawkes v. De Lorane, 3 Wilson, 207. Out of moneys in A.
B.'s hands belonging to the proprietors of the Devonshire mines, being part of the consideration-money for the purchase of the manor
of West Buckland. Jenny v. Herle, 1 Sirs. 591, 592 ; 2 Lord Raym. 1361. On the sale or produce immediately when sold of the White Hart, St. Albans, and the goods, &c. Hill v. Halford,
2 Bos. & Pul. 413. Pay A. B. one month after date two hundred pounds, on account of freigh, of the Veale Galley. Banbury v.
isset, 2- Stra. 1211. Borrowed and received of A. B. in three drafts by C. D. payable to us, which we promise to pay unto the said A. B. with interest. ,Williamson v. Burndtt, 2 Camp. 417. Being the amount of the purchase-money for a quantity of fir belonging to D. H. and then lying in the parish of Fillingham. Upon
the note was the followitng indorsement : "1-This note is given on
condition that, if any dispute shall arise between Lady Wray and D. H. respecting the sale of the within-mentiond- fir, then the note to be void." Hartley v. Wilkinson, 4 Camp. 127. On demand, we promise to pay to A. B. or his order a certain sum, for value received in stock of ale, brewing-vessels, &c., this being intended
to stand against me, the undersigned C. D., as a set-off for that sum left me in my father's will above my sister's share. Clarke v. Percival, 2 Barn. & Adolph. 660. Out of my half-pay, addressed to a navy agent. Stevens v. Hill, 5 Espin. N. P. C. 247. An order to pay. one thousand dollars, or what might be due after de-
ducting all'advances and expenses. Cushman v. Haynes, 20 Pick. 132. A promise to pay a certain sum provided the ship Mary arrives at a European port of discharge free from capture and condemnation by-the British. Coolidge v. Ruggles, 15 Mass. 387. The sum must be certain, not susceptible of contingent or indefinite
additions ; therefore, in the case of an instrument promising to pay A. B. the sum of sixty-five pounds, with lawful interest for the same, and all other sums which should be due to him, Lord Ellenborough held that it was not a promissory note even for the sixty-five pounds.
Smith v. Nightingale, 2. Stark. 375. I promise to pay, with interest at five per cent. I also promise to pay the demands of the sick club at H. in part of interest, and the remaining stock an'd interest to be paid on demand. Bolton v. Dugdale, 4 Barn. & Adolph. 619. Nor to indefinite and contingent deductions. Thus, where the defendant promised to pay four hundred pounds to the representatives-. of A. B., first deducting thereout any interest or
money A. B. might owe t6 defendant. Barlow v. Broadhurst, 4 Moore, 471. An order payable, provided the terms mentioned in certain letters written by the drawer were complied with. Kingston v. Long, cited in Bayley on Bills, 14. At thirty
days after the arrival of the ship Paragon at Calcutta, pay this

J'ANUARY TERM, 1847.

393

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

my first of exchange to the order of A. B. Palmer v. Pratt. 2 Bing. 185.
3. rhe third p6int submitted. That if a bill of exchange within the terms of the statute of 1785, that statute does not extend to the United States, so as to render them liable to the payment of the fifteen per cent. damages claimed by the defendants.
The words of the act of Maryland are, -" 1 That upon all bills of exchange hereafter drawn in this State, .on any person, corpora-
tion, company, or society in any foreign country, and regularly protested, the owner or holder of such bill, or the person or persons, company, society, or corporation entitled to the same, shall have the right to receive and recover so much current money as will purchase a good bill of exchange of the same time of pay-. ment, and upon the same -place, at the current exchange of such bills, and also fifteen per cent. damages upon the value of the prin-
cipal sum mentioned in such bill, and costs of protest, together with legal interest upon the value of the principal mentioned in such bill from the time of protest until the principal and damages are paid and satisfied." The United States are not named in this act, and it therefore does not extend to them. The king shall not
be bound by a statute, whether affirmative or negative, which does not expressly name him ; yet if there be equivalent words, or if the prerogative be included by necessary implication, it would seem to admit of a different construction. 2 Dwarris, 670; Com. Dig.
voce Parliament,B. 3, 8; Murray v. Ridley, 3 Har. & McHen. 171 ; Contee v. Chew, 1 Har. & Johns. 417 ; State v. Bank of Maryland, 6 Gill & Johns. 226 ; The King v. Wright, I Adolph. & Ellis, 434 ; 3 Coke's Reports, -Part V. 14 b, 26 ; 6 ibid., Part XI. 70 b, 132 ; The King v. Archbishop of Armagh, 8 Mod. 8 ; 1 Stra. 516. As analogies -- A statute of limitation's does not run against a State, unless it is expressly named. Lindsey v. Iiller, 6 Pet. 666 ; State v. Arledge, 2 Bailey, 401 ; Weatherhead v. Bledsoe, 2 Overton, 352 ; People v. Gilbert, 18 Johns. 227; State Treasurer v. Weeks, 4.Vermont R. 215; Stoughton v. Baker, 4 Mass. R. 522-528; Nimmo v. Commonwealth, 4 Hen. & Munf. 57 ; Bayley v. Wallace, 16 Serg. & Rawle, 254 ;
Commonwealth v.Baldwin, I Watts, 54; Wallace v. Mercer, 6 Ham. 366. A statute of limitations does not affect the United States. United States v. Hoar, 2 Mason, 311.
4. That the defendants, being indorsers of the bill, and not owners or holders at the time of protest, are not entitled to damages, since they have not paid them.
The act of Maryland, after the words recited under the last point, reads thus :- II And if any indorser of such bill shall pay to the holder, or the person or persons, company, society, or corporation entitled to the same, the value of the principal and the damages and interest as aforesaid, such indorser shall have a right to

394

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. The Bank .of the United States.

receive-and recover -the sum paid,,with legal interest upon the same, from the drawer, or any other person or persons, company' society, or corporation liable to such indorser on such bill of exchange."
Messrs. Hottinguer,. by paying the bill supra protest for the honor of the bank, became jndorseps, and acquired all- the rights- and were entitled to all the'remedies against the bank and prior parties which the holder had, whom they paid without any indqrsement or formal traiisfer of .the bill. 'These rights they might have asserted
to their full extent, or they were at-liberty to limit and narrow them. -Chitty dud Hulme, 509 ; Mertens v. Winnington, 1 Esp. R. 112. They became 'the holders as indorsees b.y the law merchant. · Konig v. Bayard, 1 Pet. 250. An acceptor for the honor of an indorser is, after payment by him, the bolder. Bayley on
Bills, 339 ; and he refers to Louviere v. Laubray, 10 Mod. 36, -as authority.. 'See also Story on Bills, §§, 124, 125 ; Byles on Bills, 83. Chancellor Kent says, - "If he takes up the bill - for'the honor of the-indorser, he stands in the right of an indorsee paying full Value for the bill, and 'has the same remedies to which an indorsee would be entitled against all- prior parties." 3
Kent, 87; Mutford v, Walcot, 1 Lord Raym. 574; Cox v. Earle, 3 Bath; & Aid. 430; Alvord -v. Baker, 9 Wend. 323; Schimmblpen'ch' v. Bayard, 1 Pet. 264. As illustration : -A person:who accepts. for. honor' is only liable if be original drawee, do not pay, 'and to charge such acceptor there-must be a present; ment for payment to' such origmal drawee. Hoare v. Cazenov'e,
16 East, 391.; :Williams v. Germaine, 7 Barn. & Cres. 468; Bayley on Bills,- 159. See also Ex parte Wackerbarth, 5 Yes.
574; Ex parte Lambert; 13 Ves.' 179 . Vandewall v. Tyrrell, 1 Moody.'& Malk. 87. Messrs. Hottinguer *ere therefore in no
sense agents of .th bank,)btit became ex vi termini the holders of the bill.- If they. were 'the. holders' in the legal sense, then the bank at the time held only the character of indorsers ; they were the surdties of the drawer. Story on Bills,, §§ 108, 120. The bank" did not pay the fifteen per cent. -damages to Messrs.
Hottinguer, therefore they cannot claim them from the United
· tatesi

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the court.
The United States sued the Bank of the United States for a dividend on itocks held by the government in the bank, and the defendant pleaded--and relied in defence on a set-off, being the .damages claimed .by the defendant of fifteen per cent. on a protested draft in the form of a bill of exchange, drawn by the government of the United States on the government of France, for a sum of money due from 'the latter government to the former, by treaty stipulations, to obtain possession of which the draft was 'dtawn. The bank was the payee and original holder. The

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

395

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

holders at the time of protest (Messrs. Rothschilds of Paris) caused it to be protested for non-payment ; and Hot'inguer & Co. intervened immediately after, and took up the draft for the honxor of the bank. The corporation refunded to Hottinguer & Co. the amount advanced, including interest and charges, together with one half per cent. commissions, and thus again became possessed of the draft.
The Circuit Court, on a former trial, held that the damages claimed as a set-off depended on a statute of Maryland of 1785 ; that by the statute the holder at the time of protest alone could demand damages from any previous party to a hill, and that if he failed to do so, and recovered less from any previous indorser, the
latter could only recover the amount actually paid (with interest and charges accruing subsequently) from the drawer ; and therefore the bank could set up no claim by force of the statute of Maryland, taking its own assumption to be true, that this was a legal bill of exchange, and properly subject to protest. This instruction altogether rejected the defence relied on, and the jury found for the plaintiffs ; and from that decision the defendants prosecuted a writ of error to this court. When the cause came- before us in 1844 (2 Howard, 711), this single question was presented for our determination ; nor could this court decide any other question ; and such
was the unanimous opinion of the court,.although the judges then
present differed as regarded ti true construction of the .statute of Maryland ; the majority holding the construction of the Circuit
Court to have been erroneous, and that the bank, as payee, on taking'up the draft from Hottinguer & Co., had the same right to demand damages under the statute that the holder had at the time of protest. The court, however, when giving its opinio'n, threw
out some suggestions on the structure of the bill; first remarking, that, "before we consider the rulings of the court excepted to, it may not be improper to notice the structure of the bill, which has been much commented on by the counselthough, not having be6n excepted to by the government, it is not a matter for debisiodi." The instruction given cut off every other question the government might'have raised in opposition to the set-off claimed ; and as this court, when acting as a court of errors, can only legitimately revise the questions of law that have been raised and deGided in the Circuit Courts, it must of necessity, on a second. writ of error being prosecuted, have power to revise such rulings of the court below on the second trial as affect the merits of the controversy, and to pass
on the questions not previously presented, as open questions, in the particular cause. However high the regard of judges that did not cqneur may be for the views entertained'and expressed by other judges, on a question of law not brought up for decision, still it is impossible to recognize such views as binding authority, consistently with the due administration of justice ; as by doing so the merits of

.396

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

the controversy might be forestalled, without proper examination. We therefore feel ourselves at liberty to treat of the structure and .character of the instrument before us as an open question. And
so, also, we deem the question open, whether the statute of Maryland subjected to protest and damages a government. The statute
provides, -" 1 That upon all bills of exchange hereafter drawn in
this State on any person, corporation, company, or society in any foreign country, and regularly protested, the owner'or holder of such bill shall have a right to so much money as will purchase a good bill of the same time of payment, and upon the same place, at the cur-
rent rate of exchange of such bills ; and also fifteen per cent: damages upon the value of the principal sum mentioned in such bill, with costs of protest, together with legal interest," &c. The United States refunded to the bank, on the return of the draft, the principal sum, tcgether with all the charges actually incurred by the
bank, and the interest accruing from the date of drawing to the time when the money was refunded; but refused to pay the fifteen pez
cent. damages claimed by the bank. This refusal was not founded on the true construction of the Maryland statute ; the government insisting it had no application to the transaction, but that the draw-
ing was of nation upon nation, and not governed by the law merabhant ; ahd that the form of one of the instruments making up the
transaction did not and could not alter its character or legal effect,
so as to bring it within the law merchant. That the government was only bound to do equity to the bank to the extent of the amount refunded to Tottinguer & Co. "And these conflicting assumptions make up the question we are now called on to determine, as will be seen by referring to the third and fourth instructions asked to be given to the jury, on part of the plaintiffs, on the second trial ; they
are as follows :"13. That the b5ill in question, being drawn by one government
upon another, and upon a particular fund, is not a bill of exchange within the legal meaning of the terms, and is not embraced by the
statute.
" 4. That the defendants, being indorsers of the bill, and not the holders or owners at the time of protest, are not entitled to the damages, since they have not paid them."
Being refusedi-the judge stated .to the jury, that " these questions appear to me to have been determined by the Supreme Court of the United States in the present cause in favor of the defendants "; and further remarking, that, " if I am mistaken in their
views on this, it will be corrected by a regxamination of the cause
in that court." That the judge was mistaken'as regarded the questions arising on
the third instruction, we have already stated ; but in regard to the fourth instruction, the charge was proper, as the question presented
by it had been decided.

JANUARY TERM, 1847."

397

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

Suppose, then, a bill'of exchange could be drawn by the goveriment of Maryland, or by the government of the Uiited States in this District, as the successor of Maryland, on the govermment of France ; would the statute of Maryland give damages to a holder in case the bill was dishonored by France, and formally protested ? The statute provideg for damages upon all foreign bills drawn in that State, "1on any person, corporation, company, or society."
Is the government of France either a person, corporation, company, or society, within the meaning of the act . If it is, and was

indebted, and could be drawn on and protested, then it follows that

the drawer of the bill (in such an instance as this), on taking it up

and paying the damages, could lawfully deinand from France, as

drawee, the damages paid, and rightfully enforce the demand by the

sword, if payment was refused ; as the demand would be a perfect

right, and this the uhimate remedy. In our opinion, Maryland, by

her act of 1785, never contemplate.d, the idea that a foreign govern-

ment shouldbe subject to be drawn upon by bills of exchange, and

to protest and damages as incidents, like individual persons, or

trading companies, or corporations ; but that the statute had refer-

ence to the latter only ; and that therefore this bill, on its face, "is

not embraced by the statute," in the language of the rejected in-

struction.

The second consideration arising on the instruction involves the

structure and character of the instrument, not so much in form, as

in substance ; for the name of the instrument cannot change its

nature and character. The draft was drawn by one government on

another, and of necessity accompanied by other documents, and

the question is, was it a negotiable bill of excange, in the legal

meaning of the terms. The Circuit Court held that it was ; and.

this is the-prominent legal point in the cause, or at least has been so

treated at the bar, and on which this court has bestowed much con-

sideration.

A bill of exchange is an instrument governed by the commercial

law ; it must carry on its face its authority to command the money

drawn for, so that the hojder, or the notary, acting as his agent, may

receive the money, and give a discharge, on presenting the bill and

receiving payment.; or, if payment is refused,. enter%a protest, from

which follows the incident of damages. But if no demand can be made on the bill standing alone, and it depends on other papers or documents to give it force and effect, and these must necessarily

accompany the bill and be presented with it, it cannot be a

simple bill of exchange, that circulates from hand to hand, as the

representative of current cash.

The draft in question was drawn for 4,856,666.66 francs ; being

moneys owing and shortly to become due from France to the United

States, according to a treaty stipulation; and these facts are distinct-

ly set forth on the face of the draft, and by indorsements on it.

VOL. v.

34

398

SUPRE-ME COURT.

The United States -. The Bank of the United States.

The paper was signed by fhe Secretary of the Treasury ofthe United
States, and addressed to the Minister and Secretary of State for the Department of Finance of the kingdbm of France, and was payable to the order of Samuel Jahdon, cashier, &c. The mere
signature of our Secretary of the Treasury dould not be recognized by the French government as conferring-authorit" on the holder to demand payment. The transaction being one ol natiori with nation, he who demanded payment must have had'not only the authprity of this nation before he could have approached the French goverr-
ment, but that authority must have been communicated by the head of this government through the proper department carrying on out national intercourse, which was the State Department. - Accordingly, ,of even date with the draft (7 February, 183 ), an instrunmeit was drawn up reciting the fact of indebtment, and cause -thereof ; the amount due ; the authority conferred by -an act o'f Congress
on the Secretary of the Treasury to apply for the money in such
manner as he might deem best; the fact and manner of drawing for it . and then comes the official authority to the payee to'receive the money, in these terms : -

" Now, therefore, be it known, that I, Andrew Jackson, Presi-

dent of the United States, do ratify and confirm, and approve the

drawing of the said bill by the Secretary of the Treasury aforesaid,.

and do hereby authorize the said Samuel Jaudon, or his assignee of

the said bill, to receive the amountthereof; and on receipt of the sum

therein mentioned, to gire full receipt and acquittance to the govern-

ment of France for the said first instalment, and the interest due on

all the instalments, payable on the said second day of February, by

virtue of the said convention ; and I, Andrew Jackson, President

as aforesaid, do hereby ratify and confirm all that may be lawfully

done in the premises.

"In testimony whereof, I have caused the seal of the United

States to be hereunto affixed. Given under my hand, at

the city of Washington, the seventh day of February, in

[L. s.] the year one thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and

of the independence of the United States of America the

fifty-seventh.

ANDREW JACKSON,

"By the President:

EDW. LIvINGSTON, Secretary of. State."

This accompanied the draft, and was placed in the hands of the payee, and no doubt passed through the hands of the different indor-
sees. ',Still, neither the power more than the draft could be.presented to the French government by a mere individual who was holder, or by a notary public, and therefore, on the next day after the draft and power bear date, the Secretary of Stati of our government addressed a despatch to. our chargg d'affaires and representative at the French court, in the following terms

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

399

The United States v. The Bank of. the United States.

" Department of State, Washington, 8th February, 1833. "Nathaniel Niles, Esq., Paris.
," SiR:- The Secretary of the Treasury, in conformity with the.
provision of a law of the last session of Congress, yesterday drew a bill upon the Minister of State and Finance of the French government, for the first instalment and ihe"interest thereupon, and for the interest upon the remaining instalments ; which interest is stipulated to be paid by that government to this in twelve months from the date of the exchange of the ratification of the late convention between the United States and his Majesty the King of the. French. The bill is drawn in favor of Samuel'Jaudon, cashier of the 'Bank of the United States, or order, and will go accompanied., to te assignee thereof in France, by a, full power from the President, authorizing and empowering him, upon- the due payment- of the same, to give the ne&essary receipt and acquittance to the French government, according to the provision of the convention re-
ferred to. "You will take an early opportunity, therefore, to apprize the
French government of this arrangement.
"I am' Sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
,wDw. LIVINGSTON."
Until the French government was thus officially advised, the bill and accompanying power combined were valueless in the hands of
the -holder, as against France. It follows, as we suppose, from the chracter of the -drawer and
the drawee, and the nature of the fund drawn upon, that this transaction could not be governed by the commercial law; much less by a statute of Maryland, which happened to be in force in the District of Columbia, where the draft was drawn.,
But it is insisted, and with much plausibility, that as between the bank as payee, and the United States as drawer, no such objections can be alleged by the United States ; they having assumed
the draft to be a bill of exchange) and ddalt with- it as commercial paper, are bound by the assumption. Still, the question meets us, that no form of draft could. authorize a legal demand upon the drawee (France) on the face of the draft. So far from being A simrle paper, carrying its authority to receive the money with it, the parties now before the court conceded, at the time the drawing tgok place, by obtaining the power, that the right to 'receive the roney did mainly depend, and must depend, on the power signed -by the President, and countersigned by the Secretary of Stat&, with the seal of the United States attached, and the communication of the facts in official form, and through the proper channel, to the government of France, that is, through its-Department of Foreign Affairs.. These were- the conditions and contingencies with which the draft was encumbered. They were legal consequences, apparent

400

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

on its face, and are yet more apparent by the accompanying facts that took place at the time of drawing.
Again. This controversy is between the .original parties ; the law governing the dealing, each was bound to know ; the facts they
did know equally well ; and if a mutual mistake was made in supposing that a negotiable commercial instrument could be founded on
our claim against France, this mistake cannot change the commercial law, which in our opinion could not be made to apply to the subject-matter of drawing, nor in any form of instrument-
founded on .the subject-matter.
The principal argument adduced to sustain the set-off claimed is founded on tire fact, that by an act of Congress the' Secretary of the
Treasury had a discretion to adopt any appropriate means to obtain the money, and that a bill of exchange was an appropriatd means.
To this assumption it may be answered, that France was not bound by the act of Congtess, but by the treaty ; it stipulated, " that the indemnity of twenty-five millions of francs should be paid, in six annual instalments, into the hands of such person or persons as
should be authorized to receive it." We repeat that this aathority was to come from our government to the French government ; was to pass through the Department of State here, and through the
Department of Foreign Affairs there, and thus only could it reach she Minister of Finance, Al. Humann. Our Secretary of the Treasury could not communicate with the Minister of Finance, nor
with any other functionary of the French government, and therefore the bill drawn by Mr. McLane on M. Humann, standing alone, was idle as waste paper, notwithstanding the at .of Congress, in so far as the French government was concerned. Nor had M. Humann any power to pay the money, had it been in the treasury, until instructed to do so by the Department of Foreigin Affairs.
1. For these reasons, we are of opinion that the question on the
structure of the bill is an open question, because for the first' time presented to this court for decision.
2. That the statute of Maryland, of 1785, in its terms, does not embrace a bill of exchange drawn on a foreign government.
3. That a bill of exchange in form, drawn by one government on another, as this was, is not, and cannot be, g'overned by the law merchant ; and that therefore it is not subject to protest and conse-
Iquential damages. And on these grounds we order that the juagment of the Circuit
Court be reversed, and that the cause be. remanded to that court
for another trial thereof, on the principles stated in this opinion.

Mr'. Chief Justice TANEY filed the following memorandum:
The Phief Justice withdrew from the bench in the argument of -this case, having given an official opinion, when he was AttorneyGeneral of the United States, against the claim made by the

JANUARY TERM, 18.47.

401

The United States v. The Bank of. the United States.

bank, and concurring altogether with the above opinion given by the court.

Mr. Justice McLEAN.
I dissent from the opinion of the court. No point is made in this case which was not elaborately discussed and substantially ruled in the same case, reported in 2 Howard, 711. It is true, the structure of the bill, and the liability of the government to the damage.s claimed, not being points made in the former bill of exceptions, were not authoritatively adjudged. But these points were so connected with the construction of the Maryland statute, the question then before the court, that neither the counsel nor the court could escape their consideration. No other instrument than a foreign.bill of exchange is embraced by the statute, and if the governmenf-be not liable to damages on a protested bill, no decision could have
been given against it.
The points were as fully and as ably-argued then, as they have been at the piesent term. The addition of one learned counsel at the bar is the only change in the advocates. But the changes on the bench show the uncertainty of life, and the emptiness of human hopes. Two judges, distinguished for their great learning and ability, who participated in the former judgment, have gone to their account ; ill health causes the absence of another, and the opiniong of the two now present remain unchanged. We submit, as we are bound to do, to the views of our four learned associates who now
decide this case. It is insisted that the bank did not purchase the bill of exchange
from the government, but acted as its agent, using the bill as an instrument through which to perform its agency.
By the fifteenth section of its charter the bank, when required by the Secretary of the Treasury, was bound "to give the necessary facilities for transferring the public funds from place to place within the United States or Territories, without charge." But this duty was limited to transfers within the Union, and lid not extend to
foreign countries, The correspondence between the. Secretary of the Treasury and
the president of the bank, in relation to this bill, shows a purchase of it by the bank. In his first letter to the bank, dated the 31st of October, 1832, the Secretary of the Treasury states the amount due under the French treaty ; that it was made his duty to have the amount transferred to the United ,States, and the views of Mr. Biddle as to the mode of transfer were solicited. In his answer Mr. Biddle says, -" The- simplest form would be the sale of a bill on Paris drawn by the Secretary of the Treasury" ; that "the bank has already in Paris a larger sum than it has any immediate use for, yet it is not indisposed to increase it, because it may hereafter hav-e occasion for the fund, and because it is believed that, if
34 *

402

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

the terms can be made acceptable, the purchase of the whole by the bank would be the best operation for. the government." The
rates of exchange are then stated, and a proposition to purchase the bill at a certain per cent.
On.the 26th of January ensuing, the Secretary says he is ready to draw the bill, and adds, -1 I presume the bank is still disposed to purchase, and on the terms offered in your letter of the 5th of November." And also he says, - " It is desirable that the credit be given to the treasurer by, the bank, on receiving the bill."
To this letter Mr. Biddle replies, that the rate of exchange has declined between England and France, and that the bank could not take the bill on the terms at first proposed. On the 6th of Februhry the new terms were accepted, and on the following day the bill was transmitted, and its proceeds were placed on the books of the bank to the credit of the government.
These facts show a proposal to sell the bill by the Secretary, and an agreement to purchase it by the bank at a certain per cent.; that. the bill was drawn and forwarded to the bank, and that for the amount of it a credit was entered to the government. In the face of these statements, which show a purchase of the bill beyond all doubt, it is extraordinary that the fact should be controverted.
It is contended that the bill, "under the circumstances stated in the record, is not a bill of exchange, and isnot embraced by the
Maryland statute of 1785."
The Secretary of the Treasury proposed to sell a bill of exchange to the bank, and the bank agreed to purchase a bill. On its face it is called a bill of exchange, and it was negotiated as such by the' bank to Baring, Brothers, & Co., of London, and by them to N. M. Rothschild, who indorsed it to Messieurs D. Rothschild, Brothers, of Paris. When the bill became due, a demand ofpayment was made on the drawee, and a protestbt'or non-payment, which was followed by due notice to the drawer. The government-paid the cost ofprotest and other expenses t.tohe bank, and also the commissions charged by Hottinguer & Co., who took up the bill, supra protest, as the agents of the bank ; but the fifteen per cent. damages given by the Maryland statute were refused. And in a letter to the Secretary ofthe Treasury, the Attorney-General says, -" I have carefully examined the claims presented by the Bank of the United States, on account of the protest of the bill of exchange drawn by you on the French government," &c. " The account," he says, "stated by 'the bank, if supported by proper vouchers, appears to be correct, with the exception of the claim of fifteen per cent. damages on the
amount of the bill." But now it seems that these eminent civilians and bankers were
ignorant of the legal import of this instrument, - men who had been all their lives conversant with bills of exchange, and who bad used them in their moneyed operations annually, to an amount equal to, if

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

4Q3

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

not greater than, the revenue of this government. Yet these men, the richest and most experienced bankers in the 'world, were mistaken
in calling and' treating this papei as a bill of exchange. . Arid the government, too, were reprehensible for paying the costs of protest, for such costs could be charged only on a bill of exchange.
Against all this knowledge, experience, and action, it is no v contended that the paper is a mere assignment, or any thing else thaD a bill of exchange. That designation is repudiated, not the less zeal,
ously for having been the result of second thought.
But what are the new lights shed upon this question ? Two documents are found in the present record, which were not before the court at the former argument ; and these, it is said, have a material bearing on the case. The first is a letter dated 8th Feb-
mary, 1833, from the Secretary of State to Mr. Niles, our chrrgi d'affairesat Paris, informing.him that a bill had-been dra~vn on the French government for the first instalment and interest under the treaty, in favorof Samuel Jaudon, cashier of the Bank of the United States, and requesting that notice should be given of the arrange-
ment to the French government. This is nothing more than a letter of advice,.which usually pre-
cedes a bill of exchange, of which the payee in this instance had no knowledge. It, however, conduces to show the nature of the transaction, as not only the substance of a bill of exchange was regarded,
but also its form and accompaniment.
The other document was under the seal of the Uhited States, and signed by the President and Secretary of State. It.stated the substance of the treaty ; the act of Congress authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to have the instalments, as they became due, transferred to the United States ; and that the Secretary had drawn a "1bill on the Minister and Secretary of State for the-Department of Finance of the French government, payable at sight, for four millions
eight hundred and fifty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-six francs and sixty-six centimes, being the amount of the first-instalment, payable to the United States, under the said convention, on the second of the present month of February, and of the interest which is payable at the same time ; which bill is payable to Samuel Jaudon,"
&c., and the President ratifies the act of drawing the bill, 'and the
receipt which shall be given, &c. Now this paper is supposed to take away from the bill of exchange
its character as a commercial instrument. It can have no other effect than to show that the Secretary had authority to draw the bill.
It was no part of the bill of exchange, and indeed was not necessary to its nogotiability. The indorsement- of Jaudon implied an undertaking that he was the cashier of the bank, and that the bill was
genuine and would be paid. No one can doubt that the payment of the money by the French government on the bill, without any additional evidence, would have been good, The bill upon its face

404

SUPREME C OURT.

The United States v. The Bank of the United: States.

was perfect, and authorized the holder to receive and receipt for-the
money.
At most, the document can only be considered as authenticating the law under which the Secretary acted in drawing the bill. And this was all that the French government, under any circumstances, could require. But suppose this paper was a power of attorney, signed by the President, authorizing the Secretary to draw the bill;
would that change or in any way affect its commercial character ? Any pe'rson may draw, accept, or indorse a bill by his agent. A
partner may indorse for the firm. And this authority may be by parol or writing not under seal. So a corporation may draw by its agent. Banks are in the constant practice of.drawing bills through
their cashiers. And has it eve" been supposed, that, if evidence ac-
companied or was attached to the bill of the authority of the drawer, it impaired its commercial properties ? Mr. Chitty says, in his Treatise
on Bills (p. 27), - " Where a bill is not signed by the party himself, the party taking it must first satisfy himself that the agent had power so to act for the supposed principal." In the case of the East India .Company v. Tritton, 3 Barn. & Cres. 280, three bills upon the
East India Company were payable to Hope or order; they got into possession of Card, who indorsed them for Hope. Card had a power of attorney from Hope, but it was not sufficient to warrant these indorsempnts. This power being seen by the holders of the
bill, they were bound by it, as having notice of its extent.
But a bill drawn by an agent, under a power, was never supposed to be less a bill than if it had been drawn by the principal. And in such cases the assignee has only to satisfy himself that the drawer acted under a proper authority. This no more vitiates the bill, than
evidence of the genuineness of the signature of the drawer. "The bill in question was complete upon its face, and it is inconceivable to me how the paper signed by the President can affect it.
In the argument it is supposed that, in drawing this bill, the gbvernment acted in its sovereign capacity. The idea of attaching sovereignty to all the agencies of the government, however exercised, is as novel as it is unconstitutional. Covet every transaction
of the agents of the government by the attributes of its sovereignty, and a despotism, characterized jby the grossest acts of injustice and oppression must result.
A bill of exchange derives all its properties from the commercial law. It is a most convenient instrument for the transfer of funds from one country to another. And its chief and oily value, in this respect, arises from the legal principles with which it is invested, and which regulate the duties and liabilities of those who become parties to it. In negotiating such an instrument, the governfnent does not act in its sovereign capacity. It becomes subject, like all -other parties to the bill, to the commercial principles which
govern it.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

405

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

In the case of the United States v. Administratrix of Barker, 12 Wheat. 559, it was held, that " whenever the government of the,
United States, through its lawfully authorized agents, becomes the holder of a bill of exchange, it is bound to use the same diligence in order to charge the indorser as in a transaction between individuals."
And in that case the indorser was held to be -discharged by the negligence of the government. And again, in the United States v. Bank of the Metropolis, 15 Peters, 392, the court say, -I "When the United States, by its authorized officer, become a party to negotiable
paper, they have all the rights and incur all the responsibility of in-
dividuals who are parties to such instruments. We know of no difference except that the United States cannot be sued."
These decisions, and many others that might be referred to, put an end to the assumption, that a bill of exchange drawn by the government is an act of sovereignty, or any thing different in principle
from a bill drawn by an individual. Whether drawn by the govern-
ment or an individual, a bill of exchange is the same commercial in-
strument, and subject to the same law. No principle is better settled than this by the decisions of this court.
But it is supposed that there is something in the character of the drawee, the French government, which destroys the-comm. :xial character of the bill. This position is as unsustainable as tbi-rof the character assumed for the drawer. The bill was drawn on M. Humann, the Minister of Finance of the French government. The
money was due, and the payment of it was suhiect to no contingency from the face of the bill, nor from any circumstance con-
nected with it. The drawer guaranteed the payment of the bill on presentation by the holdei, under all the responsibilities which the law attached. A demand, protest, and notice werp the only con-
ditions on which these responsibilities were to become fixed.' These conditions have been performed by the bank, and the government
has acknowledged its liability by paying a pari of the damages claimed. But throwing itself upon its sovereignty, the government refuses to pay the damages claimed -under the statute of Maryland, on the ground that the instrument is not a bill of exchange. If this
ground be true, the costs of protest should not have been paid by it. It is contended, that, is the question is now here, between the
original parties to the bill, the bank may be supposed to have taken
the bill under a full knowledge that it might not be paid by the
French government ; and could not be paid by it, unless the Chamhers should make an appropriation. And from this knowledge it is
inferred, that the bank took upon itself the risk of the punctual payment of the bill. This assumption is shown to be unfounded by the fact, that the government, on being notified of the protest, immedi-
ately returned the money to the bank which it'had paid on account
of the bill. Now if there had been anylunderstanding, express or implied, such as is presumed, in regard to the punctual payment of

406

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

the biH, would the government have done this ? There can be but
one answer to this question. There was no doubt in the minds of the original parties to this
bill, that it would be paid on presentation. What was the language of this government on receiving notice of the protest ? Was the
failure of the French Chambers to make the appropriation received as an apology for the dishonor of the bill ? That government was informed, in terms not to be misufiderstood, that no excuse for a delay of payment could be received. That the obligation of the French government was absolute, and in no degree dependent on the will of the Chambers ; and an immediate payment was required. The bank, shortly after the receipt of this bill, indorsed it to Baring, Brothers, & Co., in London. This affords the highest evidence that the bank believed the bill would be honored.
It is argued that the French government did notsubject itself to a bill of exchange, and consequently to the payment of damages on a default of payment. This may be admitted, and yet it does not
reach the question. The bill was not presented until the money was due, and by drawing it our own government uhdertook that it should be paid. T his is as well settled as any other principle in the
commercial law. It seems to be considered that the case might have been stronger
against the government, had it been made by-an indorsee of the bill, This 'cannot be correct., Every indorsee, from the face of the bill, had all the notice which can be charged against the bank..
But it is contended that the bill was drawn on a particular Lund, and therefore was not a bill of exchange. . It is admitted, i( the payment of the bill is made to depend upon
any contingency, it is not a bill of exchange. In the language of AIr. Chitty, -- " If the payment is to depend on the sufficiency of a particular fund, the bill or note will be invalid." The case of Jenny
v. Herle, 2 Lord Raym. 1361., was much relied on in the argument. "'Herle sued Jenny upon a bill drawn by him upon Pratt, and payable to Herle, as follows : - I Sir, you are to pay Mr. Herle £1945 out of the money in your hands belonging to the proprietors of the Devonshire mines, beingpart of the consideration-
money for the purchase of the manor of West Buckland.' Herle had judgment in the Common Pleas ; but upon a writ of error, the Court of King's Bench held that this was no bill of exchange, because it was only payable out of a particular fund, supposid to be in Pratt's hands, and the judgment was accordingly reversed."
The decision in that case di4 not turn upon the words on the face of the bill, " b eing part of the consideration-money for the purchase of thte manor of West Buckland" ; but on these, -'"c You are to .pay Mr. Herle out of the money in your hands belonging to the proprietors of the Devonshire mines." The former words here
cited'in effect are the same as those used in the French bill, phow-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

407

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

ing the consideration on which it was drawn ; but in Herle's case these words constituted no objection to the bill, and were not referred to 1y the court. The caEs. turned exclusively on the direction to "pay out of the money in your hands belonging to the
proprietors of the Devonshire mines." Had these words been omitted, the bill would have been good. So that the case of Herle, so much relied on by the plaintiffs' counsel, does not show the invalidity of the French bill.
The bill in Herle's case, in the language of the court, was pay-
able out .of money supposed. to be in Pratt's hands. Consequently it was payable out of no other fund. And if the fund supposed to be in Pratt's hands was not there, then the bill was not, payable. Compare this with the French bill : -I Siil, I have the honor, to request you to pay at sight of this my first of exchange, &c., to the order of Samuel Jaudon, cashier of the Bank of the United States, the sum of four millions eight hundred and fifty-six thousand six hundied and sixty-six francs sixty-six centimes, which comprises the sum of 3,916,666.66 francs, constituting the amount of the first payrent to be made to the United States, by virtue of the conven-. tion concluded between the United States and France, the 4th of July, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one (deduction made of the amount of the first payment, reserved to France by said
treaty), and the additional sum of nine hundred forty thousand francs, for a year's interest at four -per c6nt. upon the entire sums payable to the United S _'tes, dating from the day of the .exchange of ratification to the second of February, 1833."
Now there is not on the face of this bill any intimation out of
what fund the French government should pay it. It specifies on what account the bill was drawn, showing the am was due ; btfi
this does, not affect the character bf the bill. The instalment "was referred to," in the language of Mr. Chitty, "in order to show the consideration, and not to render the payment contingent."
In Burchell, Administrator; &c., v. Slocock, 2 Lord Raym. 1545, the action was on a promissory note, whereby the defendant promised to pay to A..B. £101 12s. in three months after the date of the said note, "value received out of premises in Rosemaly
Lane, late in the possession of G. H. The cohurt, on demurre held this to be a promissory note within the statute." And so in Hausoullier v. Hartminck, 7 Term, 733, the defendant promised to pay -', or bearer, £25, being'a portion of a' value as under deposited in security for the payment thereof. Upon a special' case
being reserved, the court 'said they were clearly of opinion, that thbugh, as between" the original parties to the transaction, the payment.of the notes was to be carried to a particular account, the defendants were liable oi these notel, which were made payable at all events.
The question is, whether the payment of the bill is made to de-

408

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

pend upon any contingency. Now, it is clear this is not done in the French bill. It is made payable absolutely, without any condition expressed or implied.
The maker of a note promised to pay A. B. eight pounds, so much being to be due from me to C. D., my landlady, at Lady-day next, who is indebted in that sum to A. B.. Was held not to be conditional. Chitty on Bills, 139. Now, in this instrument the
consideration is stated ; but that did not vitiate the note. The French bill states nothing more, than that the amoant drawn for was due by treaty. And -yet this is supposed to destroy its negotiable character. A aecision to this effect would, in in-- iudgment,
introduce a new principle into the law governing bills or" e.:change. Is the bank entitled, under the statute of Maryand, to the fifteen
per cent. damages ?
The argument that the State of Maryland did not intend to subject her sovereignty to the provisions of the statute is entitled to but little consideration. -The interest involved does not reach the sovereignty of the State ; and it is sufficient to say, there is no exemption of the interests of the State in the statute ; and in passing it, the legislature intended, as in the enactment. of every other law, that all legal effect should be given to it.
The words of the statute are, "that upon all bills of exchange hereafter drawn in this State on any person, corporation, company, or society in any foreign country," &c. ; and it is intimhted that these words do not embrace a foreign 'government. In answer to this, it may be said the bill is drawn on M. Humann, and is .liter-
ally within the statute. From the cases above cited, it is clear that the government, in
drawing or negotiating a bill of exchange, subjects itself to all .the liabilities of an individual ; consequently it is liable to the fifteen
per cent. damages, under the Maryland statute, if the bank is entitled to them. These damages were considered by this court in the former decision as designed by the statute to cover regxchange.
This construction is opposedand it is argued that rexchange is provided for in the statute, where it declares that the holder of a protested bill "shall have a right to receive and recover so much current money as will purchase a good bill of exchange of the' same time of payment, and upon the same place, at the current exchange *ofsuch bill." And the fifteen per cent. damazes in this view are considered as a penalty.
Instead' of covering regxchange by the above provision, the legislature intended to give the holdqr of the protested bill the money he paid for it, varying only as the rate of exchange should be at the time. If the rate of exchange at the protest of the bill was lower than when it was purchased, the holder, under the statute, would recover lpss than be paid for it ; but if exchange had risen, be would recover more. Now, this exchange is limited to this

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

409

The United States v. The Bank of the United States.

country, and therefore cannot have been intended as regxchange.

Reaxchange is a bill drawn at the place of payment of the protested bill, which shall sell for the amount of such bill. The holder
of the French bill, on its protest, was entitled, on commercial
principles, independently of the statute, to a bill on this country
which would sell at Paris for the amount of the protested bill. This would be a very different sum from that which was paid for the bill in this country. The regxchange depends upon the state of trade betwe6n the two countries, direct and circuitous, the money market, always regulated by the demand and supply, and other circumstances of a local character,, which show that the price at which the hill was purchased in this country can never be the price at which a bill on this country would sell at Paris, or in any foreign country. This fact being known to the, legislature of Maryland, they could not have intended by the above provision to
cover regxchange. The statute gives to the purchaser of the bill the amount he paid for it, with the small variation stated, and nothing more. The fifteen per cent. damages were given in lieu of reexchange, and not as a penalty. This is the view taken by the c6urt in ifs former decision.
It is said that the bank, not having paid damages on the bill, is not entitled to them. The bank, having negotiated the bill, was responsible for its payment, with damages. And after the protest,
the agents of the bank supervened, and paid the amount of it to the holder. The propriety of this payment is" not questioned. By this act, the bank became the holder of the bill, not as indorsee, but as, the original payee. In effect, this ownership obliterated and annulled the indorsements on the bill. The bank, as the holder, could look to no one but the government -for payment. And payment to the bank in this country was made, shortly after notice

of protest was received.

But the damages given by the statute have been withheld. Had the bank never negotiated the bill, and made a demand of payment,

and protest for non-payment, vith regular notice, the right to the

damages claimed could not have been contested. And this is the precise condition of the bank. It is the holder, having paid the amount of the bill at Paris.

·-.The large amount of the damages claimed has been adverted to in the argument. This should have no influence on the legal ques-

tdons that arise.

Suppose the bank had not taken up the bill after protest ; is there any doubt that the holders could have recovered damages from their indorsers, and they from the bank ? This would have

subjected the bank to the payment of the damages given by the law of the place where the bill was first indorsed. But this cir-

cuitous course was prevented by the payment of. the bill. It thus appears that the-bank paid this large sum of money in Paris, unex-

VOL. V.

35

410

SUPREME COURT.

Fox v. The State of Ohiv,.

pectedly, which in the nature ef things must have subjected it to great inconvenience and loss. By the payment, th credit of
the government, as the drawer of the bill, was sustained, and the eventual liability of. the bank for principal and damages antici-
pated. Now, as between individuals, this would entitle the holder of the
bill to the fifteen per cent. damages. And it is equally clear and just, that the bank should receive the sme. There has been paid to it by the government the principal, costs of protest, and the
commission charged by Hottinguer & 06t" as the agents of the bank, who took up the bill, but not one cent has been paid to the
bank for the advance of the money at Paris. On the principles of equity; independently of the statute, the bank is entitled to the dif-
ference in value of the sum paid by it in Paris, and the sum received by it from the government in this country. This -is reexchange, which the fifteen per cent., in my opinion, was intended to cover. Of this opinion was the court which formerly decided this case.
I think the judgment of the Circuit Court should be affirmed.

Mr. Justice WAYNE also dissented from the ppinion of the
court.
Mr. justice WOODBURY, having given an official opinion as Secretary of the Treasury against the claim of the bank in this case, did not sit.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, and- was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this.court, that the judgment of the said-Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to that court to award a venire facias de novo, and fok further proceedings to be had therein in conformity to the opinion of this court.

IALi.tNDA Fox v. THE STATE OF OHIO.
The-power conferred upon"Congress by the fifth and sixth clauses of the eighth sectioti of the first article of the constitution of the United States, viz.: - " To coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of wqig~ts and measures"; "To -providefor 'the punishment of counterfeiting thp securities uad current coin of the-United States " - does not prevent a State from passing a lPawM to punish the offence of circulating counterfeit coin of the United States.

THE DECISION-S
OF TIM
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
AlT
JANUARY TERM, 1847

JiMs WooD, PLAR TIFF IN ERROR, V.'WILLLM A. UNDEIMILL AND ASCHEL H. -GEndw, DErENDANTS.

In order to obtain a patent, the specification must- be in such fillc,lear, and exact

terms as to enable any one skilled in the art to which it appertains to compound

and use the invention, without making any experiments of his own.

If the patent be for a new composition of matter, and no relative proportions of the

ingredients are given, or they are stated so ambiguously and vaguely that no one

could use the invention without first ascertaining, by experiment, the exact pro-

portion required to produce the result, it would be the duty of the court to de-

clare the patent voiu. d i

-

But the sufficiency of the description in patents for machines, ortor a new com-

position of matter, where any of the ingredients do not always possess exactly

the same properties in the same degree, is, generally, a question of fact to be

determined by the jury.

Where a patent was obtained for a new improvement in the mode of making brick,

tile, and other clay ware, and the process described in the specification was, to

mix pulverized anthracite coal with the clay lefore moulding it, in the proportion

of three fourths of a bushel of coal-dust to one thousand brick, some clay re-

quiring o~e-eighth more, and some not exceeding half a bushel, this degree of

vagueness and uncertainty was not sufficient to justify the court below' in de-

claring the patent void.

The court should have let it to the jury to say, from the evidence ofpersons skilled

in the art, whether the description was clear and exact enough to enable such

persons to compound and use the invention.

Tis case was'brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Coftrt of the United States for the Southern District of New York.
rt appeared that, in the-year 1836, Wood took out amended
letters patent for a:nejv-and useful improvement in- the mode of making brick, tile, and other clay ware," and filed the following specification of his invention :- .

" Be it known that I, the said James Wood, have invented a new and useful improvement in the art of manufacturing bricks and tiles. The process is as follows: Take of common anthracite coal, un-

vOL.V.

1I

SUPREME. COURT; Wood v. Underhill et al.

burnt, such quantity as will best suit the kind of clay to be made

into brick or tile, and mix the same, when well pulverized, with the

clay before [it] is moulded ; that clay which requires the most

burning will require the greatest proportion of coal-dust ; the exact

proportion, therefore, cannot be specified ; but, in general, three

fourths of 'a bushel of coal-dust to one thousand brick will be cor-

rect. Some clay may require one eighth more, and some not

exceeding a half-bushel. The benefits resulting from' this com-

position are the saving of fuel, and the more general diffusion of

heat through the kiln, by which the whole cpntents are more equally

burned. If the heat is raised too high, the brick will swell, and be

injured in their form. If the heat is too moderate, the coal-dust

will be consumed before- the desired effect is produced. Extremes

are therefore to be avoided. I claim as my invention the using of

fine, anthracite coal, or coal-dust, with- clay, for the purpose of

making brick and tile as aforesaid, and for that only claim letters

patent from the United States.

JAMES WOOD."

Dated 9th November, 1836.

in July, 1842, he brought a suit against the defendants in error,
for a violation of this patent.
And at the trial the defendant objected -to the sufficiency of the specification, ."because no certain proportion for the mixture is pointed out, but only that such quantity of coal must be taken as will best suit the kind of clay to be made into brick or tile ; but ,that clay which requires most burning will require the greatest* quantity of coal-dust ; the exact proportion cannot, therefore, be
specified ; but, in general, three fourths of a bushel of coal-dust to one thousand brick will be correct. Some clay may require, one eighth more, and some not exceeding half a bushel ; 'sothat there is no fixed rule by which the manufacturer can make the mixture, but that must be ascertained by exp6riments upon the clay ; and
the claiming clause in the specification is only for the abstract general principle-of mixing anthracite coal-dust with clay, for the purpose of making brick, without any practical rule as to the proportions, which is too vague and uncertain to sustain a patent" which objection was sustained by the court. The plaintiff ex-
cepted. And the verdict and judgment being against him, the case
was brought here upon this exception.

The cause was argued by 0r. Silliman, for the plaintiff in error, and ,Mr.Rowley, for the defendans.

,Mr. Silliman, for the plaintiff in error, made the following points:
The plaintiff insists, 1. That he has in his specification given a general rule by which

JANUARY TERM, 184j7.

3

Wood v. Underhill et al.

every kind of clay may be much better burned than by any previous process. "And that the general proportions specified are, with-some exceptions, the very best that can be used.
That a patent may properly be granted for a beneficial general
rule, although there might be some exceptions to it not provided for.' 2. That if it is necessary to entitle the plaintiff to -a patent for a
most beneficial invention for burning clay of the -qualities usually found, that he should also discover the means of! burning, to best advantage, cinys of qualities not usually found; that his patent should not therefore be deemed void on its face, but he shou'd be permitted to prove, by persons conversant with the business, that they could instantly determine, on inspection of clays of uncommon qualities, whether they required more or less than the usual burning, and how much more or less, so as to regulate the variation of proportions in such manner as to burn to the best advantage.
3. The plaintiff should have been permitted to show, under his specification by experts, that any kind-of clay of which bricks can be made, hbwever varied the qualities, can be better burnt under his general rule than by any previous process ; and if such is the
fact, the plaintiff should be entided to a patent for the discovery, if he had given the general rule only, and had taken no notice of those exceptions, in which some uncommon kinds of clay can be best burned with a greater or less proportion of coal than that
specified in the general rule. 4. The judge in his decision adopts all the errors of the de-
fendants' objection, which states that there is no 'fixed rule by which the manufacturer. can make the mixture, hut. that must be
ascertained by experiments upon the clay. Suppose this to be so, and that the inventor has only furnished a guide b which. such experiments can be successfully made, and that'the subject, on account of the variable qualities of the materials, does not admit of' greater certainty, and that by the simplest and cheapest experi-
ments the manufacturer, in consequence of the plaintiff's invention, will be able to burn his bricks much better in less than half the time, and at less than half the cost of burning, by any other process,
is not the inventor entitled to a patent for an invention practically
so useful ?
The fact that not a "single brick has for some years past been burned, except according to the plaintiff's specification, is pretty good evidence that the manufacturers have been able to discover something from plaintiff's specification.
5. The objection, fs adopted by the court, declares, that the claiming clause in the specification is only for the abstract general
principle of mixing anthracite coal-dust with clay, for the purpose of making bricks and tiles, without any practical rule as to the proportions, which is too vague and uncertain to sustain a patent. Suppose this objection true in point of fact, and' that no information had

4

SUPREME COURT.

Wood r. Underhill et al.

been intentionally suppressed, and that the qualities of clay varied so much that the proportions most useful could only be ascertained by an experiment on each bed of clay, it might, nevertheless, be a very useful invention, for which the inventor should be, in some measure, compensated by a patent. But this part of the objection is not true in fact, for the claiming clause - is of the invention of using fine anthracite coal, or coal-dust, with clay for the purpose of making brick and iile "!as aforesaid." These words, 4' as aforesaid," refer to the general rule of three fourths of a bushel of coal for a thousand bricks, with the 'exceptionsor variations previously
_expressed. 6. The judgnient should be reversed, with costs, including the
costs in the Circuit Coirt.

.Mr. Rowey, for the defendant in error.
The-patentee's specification is uncertain and insufficient. It furnishes no rule for making bricks, without the manufacturer's first making a series of experiments. The niost it does is to prescribe in about wha.t manner the trials are to be conducted; which is not enough to sustain his patent. The King v. Arkwright, Day. Pat. Cases,'106 (per Buller, J.); Turner v. Winter, 1 Term R. 606 (per Ashurst, J.); Boulton v. Bull, 2 H. Bi. 484 (Buller, .. ); Harmer v. Playne, 1f East. 101 (Lord Ellenborough); The King v..Wheeler, 2 Barn. & Ald. 345 (Abbott, Ch. J.); Godson on Patents, 85 ; Lowell v. Lewis, 1 Mason's R. 182 (Story, J.); Langdon v. De Groot, 1 Paine's R. 203 ; Phillips on'Patents, 83, 267, 268, 283, 284, 289.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.
The question presented in this cas is a narrow one, and may be disposed of in a few words.
The plaintiff clains thathe has invented a new and useful improvement in the art of manufacturing bricks and tiles; and states
his invention to consist in using fine anthracite coal, or coal-dust, with clay, for the purpose of making brick or tile ; - and for that only he claims a.patent. And the only question presented by the record is, whether his description of the relative proportions of' coal-dust ind clay, as given in his specification, is upon the fa-e of it too vague and uncertain to support a patent.
The'degree of certainty which the law requires is set forth in the act of Congress. The specification must be. in such full, clear, and exact terms as to enable any one skilled in the art to which it appertains to compound and use the invention; that is say, to compound and use it without making any experiments of his own. In patents for machines the sufficiency of the description must, in general, be a question of fact to be determined by the jury. And this must also be the case in compositions of matter, where any of

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

5

Wopd v. Uniderhill et al.

the ingredients mentioned in the specific'ation do not always pos-
sess exactly the same properties in the same degree. But when the specification of a new composition of matter gives
only the names of the substances which are to be mixed together,
without stating any relative proportion, undoubtedly it would -be the duty of the court to declare the patent to be void. . And the same rule would prevail where it was apparent that the proportions were stated ambiguously and vaguely. For in such cases it would
be evident, on the face of the specificatibn, that no-one could use the invention without first ascertaining by experiment the exact. proportion of the different ingredients required to produce the resuh intended to he obtained. And if the specification before us was liable to either of these objections the patent would be void, and the instruction given 1Vy the Circuit Court undoubtedly'right.
But we do not think this degree of vagueness and uncertainty exists.: The patentee gives a certain proportion as a general rule ; that is, three -fourths of a bushel of coal-dust td one thousand bricks. " It is true he also states that clay which requires the most burning wilt require the greatest proportion of coal-dust; and that some-clay may require one eighth more than the proportions, given, and some not more than half a bushel instead of three fourths. The two last-mentioned proportions may, however, be justly considered as exceptions to the rule he has stated; and as applicable
to those cases only where the clay has some peculiarity, and differs in quality from that ordinarily employed in making bricks. - Indeed,
in most compositions of matter, some small difference in the proportions must occasionally be required, since the ingredients proposed to be compounded must sometimes be in some degree
superior or inferior to those most commonly used. In this case, howeve, the general rule is giveh with entire exactness in its
terms; and the notide of the variations, mentioned in the specification, would seem to be designed to guard the brick-maker against
mistakes, into which he might fall if- his *claywas more or less bard to bum than the kind ordinarily employed in the manufacture.
It may be, indeed, that the qualities of clay generally differ so widely that'the specification of the proportions stated in this case is of no value; and that the improvement canno be used with advantage in any case, or with any clay, without irst ascertaining by experiment the proportion to he employed. If that be the case, then the invention is not patentable. Because, by the terms.of the act of Congress, the inventor is not entitled to a patent unless his description is so full, clear, and exact as to enable any one skilled in the art to compound and use it. And if, from the nature and character of the ingredients to be used, they are not susceiitible of such exact description, the inventor is not entitled to. a patent. But this does not appear to be the case on the face of this specification. And whether the fact is so or not is a question to be decided

6

SUPREME COURT.

Sewall v. Chamberlain.

by a jury, upon the evidence of persons skilled in the art to which the patent appertains. The Circuit Court therefore erred in instructing the jury that the specification was too vague and uncertain to support the p.tent, - and its judgment must be reversed.

Order.
This,cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York, and was argued by, counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjtidged by.'this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed with costs, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to award a venirefacias de novo

STEPHEN SEWALL, APPELLANT, V. HENRY V. CHAMBERLAIN.
Where the prayer of v bill in equity shows that the demand of the complainant is susceptible of definite computation, and that there can be no recovery over the sum of two thousand dollars, the appeal to this court will be dismissed, on motion, for want ofjurisdiction.
THIS was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Alabama, sitting as a court of equity.
The facts in the case are sufficiently set forth in the opinion of the court.
Jifr. Darganmoved to dismiss the appeal for want of jurisdiction..
Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the court.
'This cause having been regularly docketed, the appellee now moves the court to dismiss the appeal, on the ground that the amount in controversy is not large enough to bring the case within the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court.
We have examined the record and find it to be so. By the averments in the complainant's bill, it seems that the subjectmatter in controversy between himself and the defendant relates to the foreclosure of a mortgage given to the complainant by one Stephen Chandler, upon a lot of land in the city of Mobile, to secure the payment of a promissory note made by Chandler in his favor, bearing date 6th August, 1824, for $ 485, payable on the 1st of March thereafter, which was not paid at maturity, for the collection of which the complainant made the defendant his attorney and agent ; also to the purchase of the premises, under a decree for

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

83

The Alexandria Canal Co. v. Swann.

THE ALEXANDRIA CANAL COMPANY, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. FRANCIS
SWANN, DEFENDANT.
Where a case is removed from Alexandria county to Washington county, in the District of Columbia, whatever defences might have been made in Alexandria county, either as to the form of the action or upon any other ground,.or whatever would have'been a bar to the action, may all be relied upon in the new forum.
But the mode of proceeding, by which the rights of the parties are determined, must be regulated by the law of the court to which the suit is transferred.
A reference to arbitrators, therefore, which is sanctioned by tle laws of Maryland, governing Washington county, is not to be overthrown because it is not sanctioned by the laws of Virginia, governing Alexandria county.
The validity of the reference, and of the proceedings and judgment upon it, must be tested by the laws of Maryland.
Although the charter of a company does not, in terms, give the power-to refer, yet a power to sue andbe sued includes a power of reference, that being one ofithe modes of prosecuting a suit to judgment.
So, also, a power to agree with a proprietor for the purchase or use of land includes a power to agree to pay a specified sum or such sum as arbitrators may fix upon.
It is immaterial -whether the power of reference is lodged in the- president and directors or in the stockholders assembled in general meeting; for the entire corporation is represented in court by its counsel, whose acts, in conducting the suit, are presumed to be authorized by the party.
Where the order of reference provides for the appointment of an, umpire, it is no error if he is appointed before the referees had heard the evidence.and discovered that they could not agree.
Where the agreement for reference contained a clause, providing that upon payment of damages to the owner of the land he should convey it to the otherparty, it was proper for the umpire to omit all-notice of this. It was not put in issue by the pleadings, nor referred to the arbitrators.
Tfis case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, in and for the county of Washington. It originated in the county of Alexandria, and was removed to the county of Washington under an' dct of Congress providing for such removals.
The circumstances of the case are so fully set forth in the opinion of the court, that it is unneCessary to do more than refer to it for a statement of the facts.
The cause was argued at December term, 1845, by Air. Bledsoe and Mr. Coxe, for the plaintiff in error, and by .M1r. 'Villiam T. Szwann and .Mr. Jones, for the defendant in error. At the present term the court gave its opinion.
Air. Bledsoe,- for the plaintiff in error, contended,
1. That there was no legal or valid reference. 2. That there was no legal or valid*award. 3. That there was no legal or valid judgment.
1. The president and' directors had no power under their charter to submit a case to arbitration. The rule is well settled that they. have no power except -inder the charter. 5 Connect. Rep. 568 ; 2 Cranph, 158 ; Angell & Ames on Corp. 200, 201, 22D, 242 ;

84

SUPREME COURT.

The Alexandria Canal Co. v. Swann.

7 Cranch, 299 ; 14 Johns. 118 ; 12Johns. 241 ; 15 Wend. 256; 7 Cowen, 462 ;,1 Cowen, 513 ; 12 Wheat. 58.
The charter (Daviz's Laws, 558) says, that where land is to be taken, the cdmpany may agree as to the price. But if no agreement can be made, they are to apply to justices of the peace, .who are to call a jury. But in that case the whole twelve must agree.
The thirteenth section of the act thus pointing out the mode of condemning land, none other was justifiable. The seventeenth section gives the company the right to enter upon land, and therefore
they cannot be guilty of a trespass. One partner cannot bind another by agreeing to arbitrate. Watson
on Part. 445; 3 Bing. 101 ; 11 Com. Law. Rep. 52; Story on Part. 169 ; 1 Peters, 222, 228.
The attorney here has undertaken to make the president and
directors do things which are not justified by law. In England, where property is taken for public use, the party has
no remedy ; and in this case the remedy given by the charter is
exclusive. 11 Iass. 364, 365, 368'; 20 Johns. 735 ; 4 Wend. 347, 367, 370; 4 New Hamp. Rep. 547; 2 Johns. 283; 7 Johns. Ch. Rep. 315 ; 1 New Hamp. Rep. 339.
IMr. Bledsoe then examined the terms and mode of arbitration.

Ml~r. William T. Swann, for the defendant in error, made the
following ponits -
I. It will be unnecessary to consider any part of the record prior to the submission of the.case to arbitration ; as the submission in such a case, under a rule of the court, operates as a waiver of all exceptions (if any could be conceived), or as a release of all errors-
anterior to the rule. 2. No exceptions having been taken in the court below to the
award, the grounds of the appeal are unkiiown ; nor can any, by the counsel in this case, be conceived. "But if any objections could be presented, it is now too late ; they should nave been presented either by motion or exception in the court below.
3. In this case the award is supported by a recital of various
matters of procedure under the arbitration in the award itself, by the certificate of two of the arbitrators, and by affidavits proving such matters of procedure in the case, This is a support far beyond what the law requires. A simle award of a sum of money under the submission, without any recital of such facts in the award, and without any proof of them, is suffieient; any omission or irregularity in regard to such extrinsic matters being brought forward
by motion in the court below to set aside the award. JJ'fr. Swann.then examined the record, and contended that the
arbitration was according to law. The other matters of defence, he said, cannot be alleged here. There is no special plea in

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

85

The Alexandria Canal Co. v. Swann.

Washington county, and we do not admit the facts upon which the argument rests. The charter does not give the remedy spoken of to the party aggrieved, because he cannot originate the process of summoning a jury, &c. 4 Gill & Johns. 147; 4 Wend. 667,
672. If the company have power to enter land without condemnation,
it ought to have been specially pleaded. A submission of a cause to arbitration disembarrases it of legal
questions. I Washington Rep. 320 ; 10 Mass. Rep. 215 ; 8
Serg. &- Rawle, 3; 4 Hen. & Mun. 216 ; 5 Binney, 177. The statute of Maryland, passed in 1778, ch. 21, §§ 8, 9, points out the mode of proceeding by arbitration. It is a common law
process, too. The power to refer is a necessary' incident to the power to be sued. If the company are sued they can defend themselves in any manner known to the laws. The submission in this case was by the company itself, and not. by the president and directors only. The attorney in court represented the whole
company.

01Ir. Jones, on the same side.
If they object to the award they should have moved, in the court below, to set it aside. Otherwise it is presumed to be right. It is too late to urge the objections in an appellate court, because, as the court below never passed a judgment upon the point, it would make this a court of original jurisdiction. 2 Sehoale and Lefroy, 712. When the cause was removed, it was to be tried by lexfori, of which arbitration is a part. It' is denied that the president and directors had any power to submit the case. But how does it appear that the president and directors did it, and not *the company ? A corporation can only appear by its corporate name. This suit was so brought and they appeared to it. So the power. of the attorney is denied. But will the court presume that he acted without authority ? A corporation is liable for a tort. 16 East, -5 Angell & Ames on Corp. 328, 329 ; 8 Peters, 117.

Xtr. Coze, for plaintiff in error, in reply and, conclusion, ex-

amined the history of the law of arbitration, and the statutes of

Virginia' and Maryland ; and then contended that an action of

trespass quare clausum fregit would not lie against a corporation.

He then examined the authorities cited by J11r, Jones. If the cor-

poration kept within their charter they were not suable, of course.

If they went beyond it, and appointed agents to do things not justi-

fied by law, the agents are responsible. ' A suit only lies against the

employer when the agent is acting within the scope of his'authority.

This suit was brought in Alexandria, where the corporation ap-

peared by attorney and filed pleas. When it was removed to

Washington an amended declaration was filed, but it was liot a

VOL. V.

8

86

SUPREME COURT.

The Alexandria Canal Co. v. Swann.

substitute for the old one, because the old one remained in court, and so did the former pleas.
Xr. Coxe then contended that the reference was improper and illegal, and cited Kyd on Corp. 45, and commented on the charter
of the company.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.
This case is brought here by-writ of error from the Circuit Court for Washington county, in the District of Columbia. The suit was originally brought in Alexandria county by the -defendant in error, against the plaintiff.; and upon the motion of the former was removed to Washington county under "the provisions of the act of June 24, 1812, § 3. The points raised in the argument make it proper to state the pleadings more fully than is usually necessary.
It was an action of trespass for breaking and entering the plaintiff's close, situate in the county 6f Alexandria. The suit was brought in July, 1839. The declaration contained but one count, in the
usual form, stating the trespass to have been committed on divers days and times between the 1st of January, i835, and the commencement of the suit.
The defendant pleaded, -first, not guilty ; second, the statute of limitations ; and third; that the canal company entered under the authority of the Act of Congress, for the purpose of making the
canal ; and that 't is ready to satisfy any damages to which the
plaintiff is entitled, when they shall be ascertained in the mode pointed out in the act of incorporation.
After these pleas were put in, .nd before any replication was filed or issue joined, the cause was removed to the Circuit Court for the county of Washington, by an" order passed on the 12th of November, 1841, upon- the motion of the defendant in error.
The case was continued in that court without any alteration in the pleadings until November term, 1842, when an amended declaration was filed. This declaration consisted of a single count, and differed from the original one only in undertaking to set oi~t the abuttals of the close in which the trespass was alleged to have been committed. The defendant in the Circuit (ourt pleaded not guilty to this declaration, upon which issue was joined and a jury sworn ; but before a verdict was rendered a juror was withdrawn by ccnsent, and upon the motion of the parties by their attorneys the matter in variance betweeri them was by a rule of Court referred to four arbitrators named in the order of reference. The reference was made upon certain terms spebified in a written agreement filed in the cas6, setting forth the manner in which the arbitrators were to be selected and the damages calculated, with power to the referees to choose an umpire, if they or a majority of them could not .agiee.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

87

The Alexandria Canal Co. v. Swann.

The arbitrators, before they entered upon an examination of the case, appointed an umpire, xyho afterwards madehis award, and thereby awarded that the defendant (in the District Court) should pay to the plaintiff the sum of six thousand nine hundred and sixty
eight dollars and seventy five cents, in full satisfaction of all the matters of damage and value submitted to his umpirage. This
award was fileq September 21, 1843, and notice of it regularly served on the plaintiff in error ; and thereupon a judgment was entered for the amount awarded on the 17th of January, 1844. It is upon this judgment that the present writ of error is brought.
It appears from the record that no objection was taken to the
award in the Circuit Court, nor apy affidavits filed to impeach it.
Several depositions were filed by the defendant in error, which are not material to this decision, except in one particular, which will be hereafter noticed, on account of an objection to the award foun-
ded upon it.
The reference to arbitrators and the proceedings thereon, and the judgment given by the court below, were all under and intended
to be pursuant to the acts of'assemblyof Maryland of 1788, ch. 21, §. 9, and 1785, ch. 30, §. 11. It is admitted that these proceedings were fiot authorized by the laws in force in Alexandria county ; And it is objected by the plaintiff in error that, inasmuch as no judgment could have been lawfully rendered upon these proceedings in Alexandria county, no judgment ought to have been rendered upon them in Washington ; that the removal of -acase under the laws of Congress is a mere chanue of venire ; and that the rights of the parties ate still to be tried according to the laws and modes of proceeding recognized hnd established in'the Ciruit Court for the
county in which the suit was, originally instituted. Undoubtedly, whatever rights the canal company had in Alexan-
dria county, and whatever defences it might there have made, either
as-to the form of the action or upon any other ground, it might still rely upon them in the new forum; and whatever would have been a bar to the action in Alexandria county would be equally a
bar' in Washington. The question here, however, is not upon the rights of the respective parties, but upon the mode of proceeding
by which they were determined ; and this must evidently be*regulated by the law of the court to which the suit was transferred. For after the removal took place the action, according to the act of Congress, was pending in Washington county, te be there prosecuted and tried, and the judgment of that court to be carried into ex-
ecution. And as the act neither directs nor anuthori.ks'any change in its practice or proceedings in removed cases, it follows that they must be prosecuted and tried like othei actions in that'court, and
coul& not lawfully be prosecuted and tried in any other manner. In impanelling a jury, fbr example, for. the trial of the-facts, it could
no( put aside the jurors required* b, law to attend that court, and

88

-

,3UPREME COURT.

The Alexandria Canal Co. v. Swann.

direct a panel of twelve to be summoned for the particular case, pursuant to the law of Virginia. Nor could it deny to either party the right to strike off four names from the list of twenty, according to the law of Washington county, although the rule is otherwise in the county of Alexandria. And upon the same principles the selection of arbitrators, the proceedings before them, and the legal effect of their award, could be no more influenced by the law upon that subject, on the other side of the Potomac, than the summoning, striking, and impanelling of a jury. The validity of the reference, therefore, and of the proceedings and judgment upon it, must depend upon the law of Maryland and not upon the law of Virginia. And if the judgment given by the Circuit Court was anthorized by the foner, it cannot be impeached upon the ground
that such proceedings would not have ben"lawful in Alexandria
county.
Trying the case upon these principles, it is very clear that as no objection was taken to the awardlin the Circuit Court, the judg-
ment upon it was correct and must be affirmed in this court, ixless some substantial objection appears on the face of the Droceedings
or in the award itself.
It has been urged, however, that it is apparent, on the face of the proceedings, that the arbitrators committed a mistake in the law ; that the record shows the acts ccrmplained of to have been done'in
execution of the power conferred on the company to construct a canal ; and that under the act of Congress, they had a right to enter upon any land they deemed necessary for that purpose, leaving the damagesto be afterwards ascertained in the mode pointed dut' by the law ; and that consequently an action of trespa.,s will not lie.
But it is very clear that this question of law was not before the referees or the court ; nor was it in any way involvfed in the decision of either. For if the plaintiff in orror could have justified the entry upon the ground suggested, the justification ought to have been pleaded. And as this was not done, the question as to the legal sufficiency of this defence was not referred to the arbitrators nor
decided upon by their award.
It is said, however, that it was pleaded. . This is true as relates to the pleadings filed to the original declaration. But an amended declaration vas subsequently filed, and to this the plaintiff in error pleaded anew.* The "arended declaration was not an additional count to the former one, but was itself the entire dpclaration substituted for the former. And it was evidently so regarded by all parties at the-time. For the plaintiff in error renewed his plea of not guilty, which he had put into the .former one, - omitting, however, his former pleas of limitation and justification ; and these, two must have been undeistood to be waived,.for there was no replication to either of them, nor any issue joined upon them, formal or informal. The questions, therefore, which wov4, have arisen on these pleas,

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

89

The Alexandria Canal Co. v. Swafin.

were not in issue, - were not Teferred by the written agreement, and consequently could not have been considered or decided by 6harbitrators.
Neither can the objection be maintained which has been takenr to the power of the company under its charter to refer such a question of damage. The corporatin was a partyto the actioni court,. uandeirt lmikieghctirclauwmfustllayncteask, etoanbyrinstgepit tthoaftinaanl .jiunddgivmideunat-l"mignhdt atatkriea,l

besytaabrlbisihtreadtoarnsd, aapspfouilnlyted by the court with the consent of both partiesB, uits one of the modewsarorfapntreodsbecyultaiwg aas sauittritaol bjuydjgumryen. t as well
independently of this principle and of the pendency of a suit; the thirteenth section of the act of Congress authorizes the canal

company to agree to a reference. It provides that the president

tahnedudsiereacntodrsocmcuapyaatigorneeowf itthhethlaendprfooprrtieemtoproforrarythpeupruprocsheass;e, or for

does

not confine

the power to

an

agreement spedifying

and it a particular

Ssum of money. On the contrary, it authorizes anagreement in ge-

etrraaltrtesrmmas.y awAanrdd,ifthtihs eagcroemempaennyt iasgraesecletaorlpyawyitshuicnhthseumworadssarbi-

intention of theia

and as ifa specific. sim had been fixed upon by the

parties. We therefore see no objection to the. reference in this

case; nor to the agreement by which it was made.

We do not think it necessary to inquire whether the power to

direct the proceedings in the suiat nd assent to the referece belonged to the president and directers or nto the stockholders as-

sembld in gneral meeting.t The corporation, however governed in this particular, was the party defendant in court, and was repre-

sented by its counseli and his acts are presumed to be authorized by the paty in conducting the suit. This has long been the seted

law of

wrahricyhlanisdt,he law of Washington county.

It is true that in this case the agreement for the reference is

signed by the coprsel who bad appeared for the canal 'company

-iCnoAurltexfoarndWraa6shbinugttownh.o dYidenttohteapaptteoarrneoyn wthehrodecidord in the Circuit

the motion for the

reference,

received notice

of

appear joined in the

was returned, and made- n

award after it. objection to the authority under

the arbitrators

ad been appointed.

Which It is too late to make it here,

even if it'would have-been available, in the Circuit Court. Bt as the attorney on the record must have united in the motion for the

'reference, it i.n very clear that 'the objection would have beCn un-

tenWabele steheerneothasinwg,ellthaesrehfoerree,.- in the pleadings or proceruings an-

tear to the order of reference, whichcan impeach the correctness.

of the judgment in the court below. It recains only to examine

'whether there is any thing liable to objection i the proceedings of-

the referees or in the award returned by the urfipire.

90

SUPREME COURT.

The Alexandria Canal- Co. v. Swann.

The authority of the umpire has been objected to, because it appears, by the affidavits filed by the defendant in error, that he was appointed befdre the referees had heard the evidence and discovered that they could not agree. But whatever doubts may have been once entertained upon this question, itis now well settled both
upon principle and authority that the appointment is good. And indeed it has been said by this court that it is more expedient to appoint the umpire in the first instance, as was -done here, than to wait until the evidence was all heard and the arbitrators had finally differed. 8 Peters, 178.
The umpire, therefore, being regularly appointed, the remaining question is upon the sufficiency of his award. ,There was no dispute as. to the title to the land, and upon the issue joined in the case,. therefore, the only matter in controversy was, whether the acts complained of, had been committed, and if they had, what damage was the defendant in error entitled to recover. This was the only matter in variance referred. The written agreement filed by the parties
states the principles upon which they mutually agreed that the amount of .damages should be calculated ; and the award"of the umpire ascertains and awards the amount upon the principles mentioned in the agreement. His award is upon the subject-matter referred. It covers the whole controversy submitted to. him, and nothing more; and upon that it is certain and final.
There is indeed in the written agreement for the reference a clhuse which provides that, upon the payment for the damages awarded,-the defendant in error should convey to the company the land selected f6r permanent occupation; and the umpire has takea no notice of this agreement to convey. We think he very properly omitted to notice it, for it was not put in' issue by the pleadings, nor proposed to be referred in the argument filed. On the contrary, the duty of the"arbitrators was limited to the question of damagevThe'value of this land was indeed one of the items they were required to consider in calculating the amount of damage; but they had no power to award how or when it shold be conveyed. Nor does the ifight of the canal company to the conveyance depend in ,any degree upon the award or direction of the arbitrators concerning it. Their right is absolute by the agreement, upon the payment
of the damages awarded ; and the conveyance may be enforced like any other right acquired by contract.
Upon the whole, we are of qpinion that there, is no error in the
judgment of the Circu!%Court ; and it must therefore be affirmed,
with costs.
Order.

This cause came on to be-heard.on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of. -the United States for the District of
Columbia, holden in and for the county of- Washington, and was

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

91

Bridges et aL. v. Armour et'al.

argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby afflirmed, with costs and damages at the rate of six per bent per annum.

HENRY D. BRDEs, JOHN K. MlAaa&Y, JArsr N. HARPER, AND STERN
SIMMONDS, LATE MERCHANTS AND PARTNERS IN TRADE,, UNDER TE NA=E, FIRM, AND STYLE OF BRiDGs, MABRAY, AND COmPANY,
PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, v. WILLIA1 Aumoun, HENRY LAKE, AND
ftLIx WALKER, LATE MERCHANTS AND PARTNERS IN TRADE, UNDER THMENAME, FIRml AND STYLE OF ARmoUR, LAKE, AM WALKER,
DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.
Aparty upon the record, although divested of all interest in the event ofthe suit, is not a competent witness m a cause.
If a person be declared a bankrupt at ,a time when a suit is pending to which he is a party, his discharge would not be a bar to his liability for costs upon a judgment obtained subsequently to his discharge. His liability for costs, thercfore, excludes him as a witness upon the ground f interest.
Ifthe event of the suit may increase the effects of the bankrupt in the hands of the assignee, and thus increase the surplus which would belong to ii, he is an incompetent witness.
THis caSe was brought up, by *rit of error, from the DiStrict Court of the United States for the Northern District of Mississippi.
On the 26th of September, 1840, Bridges, Mabray, & Co., gave their promissory note to Armour, Lake, '& W lker,* or order, payable one, day after date, for $3,158.69, being balance of bookaqcount, bearing interest at eight per cent per annum, from the ist day of August, 1840, until paid.
The note not being paid, a suit was commenced on the 12th of November following. As no question arises upon the pleadings, it will be unnecessary to refer to them. They resulted in several issues of fact.
On the trial, in June term, 1844, the plaintiffs offered in evidence the deposition of Walker, a coplaintiff on the record, taken in answer to interrogatories and cross-interrogatories before a commissioner in New Orleans, in pursuance of a stipulation between the attorneys ; and in which the attorney for the defendants agreed to waive any exception for want of issuing a commission, ini due form, to take the testimony, or for want of notice of its execution to the defendants.
It appeared on the trial that Walker had obtained a discharge under the bankrupt act, by which be was discharged from all his -debts owing by.bim at the tinie of presenting his petition, to wit, on

168

SUPREME COURT.

Gear v. 'Parish.

entitled to. The saving clause may not be regarded as necessarily leaving a proceeding of this description open to him. A question might also be raised, whether the' judgments are not so effectually enjoined, as to prevent their enforcement againsf property of the judgment debtor not in controversy in this suit. At all events, we 'think it due to the appellant, and to justice, looking at the nature and character of the transaction and proceeding as developed in te'pleadings, that the case should be cleared of all doubts and dispute upon this point. We shall, therefore, reverse the decree, and remit the proceedings to the court below, with direction that all further proceedings on the three judgments and executions be stayed, as it respects the property Seized and in question, but that the appellant have liberty to file a cross bill, and take such further pro-
ceedings thereon as he may be advised.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed, with costs, and that this cause be and the 'same is hereby remanded to the aid Circuit Court, with directions to that court that all further proceedings on the tbree judgments and executions be stayed, as it respects the property seized and in question ; but that the appellant have liberty to file a cross bill, and to take such further proceedings thereon as he may be advised ; and that such further proceedings be had in this cause, in conformity to the opinion*of this cour.t, as to law and justice shall appertain.

HEzEKiu H. GtAR, APPELLANT, V. THONAS J. PARIsH.
In this case, the pleadings and proofs show that a mortgage executed by the'debtor to the creditor was really for an unascertained balance of accounts, which the sum named in the mortgage was supposed to be sufficient to cover.
'As it did not prove to be sufficient, and the creditor obtained a judgment against the debtor for the residue, the payment of the sum named in the mortgage was no reason for an injunction to stay proceedings upon the judgment.
THIS was an appeal from the judgment of the Supreme Court of the Territory of Wisconsin, sitting as a court of.chancery.
Parish filed a bill in the District Court of Iowa County, Territory of Wisconsin, for the purpose of compelling Gear to enter satisfaction of a certain mortgage executed by the former to 'him, or to reconvey the premises therein, charging, that it had been'fully paid and satisfied ; and for the purpose, also, of a perpetual stay of

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

169

'Gear v. Parish.

a certain judgment onfessed, and entered up in favor of Gear

against Parish.

The mortgage was executed on the 27th of April, 1836, and was

given to secure the payment of $ 4,200, four months after date ; and.

the bill charged that the whole amount, with interest thereon, had

been paid on the 1st of August, thereafter, and a receipt taken for

the same ; that Gear had refused to deliver up and cancel the said

mortgage, or reassign the premises unless the complainant would

pay, in addition, the amount of a certain judgment that had been ob-

tained against him, and which, he charged, was given for part And

parcel of the money secured by the mortgage, and of course satis-'

fled with it.

The defendant, in his answer, set up that previously to the exe-

cution of the mortgage the parties had been engaged in extelpsive

business transactions with each other; 'that he had, at different times,

advanced large sums of money to and incurred many liabilities for the

complainant; and that the mortgage in question was given to secure

the payment of such an amount as complainant would be found-in-

debted in on the final adjustment of their accounts. That no settle-

ment had taken .place or balance been struck between them ; but that

defendant had subsequently ascertained that the sum of $ 1,562.38

was justly due him, over and above the amount secured by the mort-

gage. That this demand was placed in the hands of an attorney for

collection, whereupon the complainant confessed the judgment in

question, with a stay of execution for six months.

The defendant further answered, and admitted that the mortgage

had been fully paid and satisfied ; but denied that he had refused to

reconvey the mortgaged premises. On the contrary, he had execut-

ed and delivered to the complainant a release of all his right and title

to the premises, and which had been accepted as satisfactory:

The complainant put in a replication, and the parties went to

their proofs.

There were but two witnesses examined, one of them present at

the execution of the mortgage, the other at the giving of the judg-

ment.

-

Hamilton, who was present at the execution of the mortgage,

states that he was at Galena in the spring of 1836, when the

parties were engaged in closing thuir business; that the amount on
book due Gear exceeded $ 3,000, besides other charges and ac-

counts outstanding, the amount of which was not then ascertained.

That it was agreed a mortgage of $4,200 should be given, which,

as was supposed by both parties, might be sufficient to cover the

whole of the indebtedness ; but that a settlement was to be made

thereafter, and the exact balance ascertained, and to be adjusted ac-

cordingly, whether it should exceed or fall hort of the sum speci-

fied in the mortgage. Neither party was to be concluded as to the

amount; that was to depend upon the final adjustment of the accounts.

VOL. V.

15

170

SUPREME -COURT.

Gear v. Pa~ish.

Mr. Turney, the attorney who gavethe judgment for Parish, states that he was consulted by him at the time a suit was threatened for the recovery of this balance, claimed as due over and above the mortgage; that at the request of Parish he had an interview with the' attorney of Gear on the subject, when it was agreed that, if judgment was cbnfe~sed for the amount claimed, the mortgage should be given up and cancelled, and aill errors corrected, if any, on ascertaining the balance between the parties ; that the judgment was given with this understanding.
.Upbnthis state of the pleadings and proofs, the District Court decreed that the injunction which bad been previously issued, enjoining the defendant, Gear, from collecting his judgment against Parish, should be made perpetual, and that the-complainant recover his costs of suit.
On"an appel to the Supreme Court of the Territory, by the defendaht, the decree was .affirmed., with costs. The case was breht here on an appeal from that decree.
The cause was argued by JIr. Breese, for the appellant, and ,ir. 4fay,-fcr the appellee.
Mr.Breese contended that the decree was erroneous, because the answer of Gear denied all the material allegations of the bill ot. which the injunction was allowed, and they were not sustained by the depositions of Hamilton and Turney.
Mr .May,for the appellee.
'The priincipal questions presented for adjudication in this case are the following- :-I. Does the bill,'answer, and proofs disclose a case in which equity can relieve ?
II What is the nature and .extent of the relief to be granted in this case ?
As to the first proposition, it is submitted that this is a case in which relief can alone be obtained in a'court of equity. It may be viewed as an application to compel the specific performance of an agreement, which is exclusively the province of a cburt of equity ; for at law redress may be had after a wrong is done, but equity can interpose and prevent the commission of a wrong. 1 Story's Eq. Jurisp., § So. The relief sought in this case is the cancellation of a deed, ando'eqtity alone can afford this relief. I Johns. Ch.
R. 520. But in this case a judgment at law is sought to be rendered, in-
operative, and all proceedings thereon stayed and restrained. It is true that a judgment at law is conclusive between the parties thereto when the merits have been passed upon, and unless reversed operates as an estoppel ; but when, in the prdcuring of such judgment, fraud or misrepresentation, or any -description of malafides has been

JANUAR-Y TERM, 1847.

171

Gear v, Parish.

practised, equity will grant relief. 2 Story's Eq. Jurisp., §§ 885, 887 ; I ibid. § 192 ; 1 Fonblanque Eq., b. 1, ch. 1, § 3, note f (3d Am. ed. pp. 28, 29). The only way in which a defendant can reverse or annul a judgment at law, is by a writ of error ; but when
a judgment is ,obtained by confession, he is without redress at law, for confession takes away error.
But where the plaintidf's attorney, in an action at law, made an agreement with a defendant that if she would confess judgment he would levy an execution, and satisfy the judgmenit out of the property of another defendant, keeping her harmless ; and upon such agreement a judgment was confessed, but the plaintiffs neglected and refused tc comply with the agreement, a court of chancery decreed a perpetual injunction of the judgment, and, on appeal, this
court affirmed the decree. Union Bank of Georgetown v. Geary, 5 Peters, 99. It is submitted that this case is in all respects in
point and conclu'sive) in this cause, so far as the question of jurisdiction and power to relieve is involved. Equity will relieve against a judgment obtained at law by confession. 3 Harris & Johns. 568.
The remaining inquiry in disposing of the first question is as to
the case made out by the complainant. The allegationsof the bill in relation to the original transactions are, in rhost material respects,
admitted by the defendant, and are also fully proved by the deposition of Win. S. Hamilton, who states that the books of account of
Gear were produced, -showing Parish's account, and that the amount of $4,200 was considered by all the parties as amply sufficient to cover all contingencies. The testimony of John Turney fully sustains the averments of the bill in relation to the compact and terms on which Parish confessed the judgment. But it may be
argueA that inasmuch as the defendant, in his answer, denies the allegations and equity of the bill in relation to this compact or agreement, it should be sustained by stronger proof in order to merit relief. It is conceded that, in equity, where any matter is averred by the complainant in his bill which is material, and the
same matter is positively denied by the defendant in his answer, then the answer will prevail, unless the bil is sustained by two witnesses, or one witness and corroborating circumstances ; but it is
contended and insisted, that in this cause the -principle is in no way applicable, and can have no bearing whatever. Equally as clear as
the foregoing principle Qf chancery practice is another, that if a defendant, by his answer, introduces new matter, not responsive to
the allegations of the bill, such new matter must be proved by other
means (12 Peters, 190), or it cannot avail, and it may prejudice him by evincing a desire, on his part, to evade and lead off to matters
foreign to the points in issue, or if a defendant's answer contains contradictory, unreasonable, or irreconcilable statements, or makes averments which are disproved by written instruments on the same
point, or if it'positively deny charges of which in the very nature of

172

SUPREME COURT.

Gear v. Parish.

the thing the defendant could have no personal knowledge, then theq testimony of one disinterested witness, with corroborating circumstances, will prevail, and in some instances the court will treat the answer as a nullity, disproving itself, and the bill will prevail with one witness., 9 Cranch, 160 ; 2 Johns. Ch. R. 92 ; 5 Peters, 1ll ; 4 Monroe, 174 ; 1 Munford, 373. In this case, Gear, in his answer, positively denies that Parishlwas induced to confess the judgment by the promise and undertaking of Mr. Hoge. Now it requires no argument to demonstraie that this was ka matter of which Gear could have no knowledge whatever. He was not present, and even if he had been informed, still' he is unwarranted in stating positively, as of his own knowledge, what were or were not Parish's motives. Moreover, he avers directly that the mortgage or deed was never acknowledged or recorded, and yet the instrument itself, which was then in his possession, directly contradicts his averment, although it may be of but little importance whether this instrument were acknowledged and recorded or not, still a defendant, who has the means of correct knowledge vrithin his exclusive control, is bound and expected to answer truly in all things, and if he make statemeuts in his' answer, and at the same time presents that which absolutely disproves those statements, he thereby throws suspicion on his answer, and affects and Aaints it
credibility. If, then, the statements of the answer in regard' to the agreement
between Hoge and Parish afe unreasonable and can have no effect, we then have the averments of th e bill (which is sworn to) sustained by testimony of Turn6y, and the admissions of Hoge as proved b~y Turney. And strong corroborating circumstances are observable in the supineness of Gear in this matter. Hoge was his attorney, admitted to be such in the answer, and resided in the same place with him, and if the agreement really was not such as stated by Parish, was it not very easy for him (Gear) to obtain Hoge's deposition disproving the bill ? Yet he speaks' positively, as of his own knowledge,' of transactions and motives of which he could know nothing, except from information, and- neglects to use the proof (if any such existed) of these things, which any reasonable man would have certainly resorted to. In this relation, the case from 5 Peters, 111, is very much in point ; in that case, as in this, the agreement was with the attorney, and the defendants in that case denied the agreement with their attorney, of which they could have no positive knowledge; in this case the defendant has pursued the same course. The agreement between Parish and Hoge, the appellant's attorney, mgst be considered as proved. True, it is aenied by Gear in his answer, hut, as has already been shown, he knew nothing about. it, and his denial amounts to nothing. It was expressly and exclusively the consideration in confessig the judgment, and it was a valuable consideration to Parish, as hm alleges, in

JANUARY TERMJ, 1847.

173

Gear v. Parish.

his bill, and appears by the testimony of Turney. It would have enabled him to free the title of the lands he had sold, and convey them, and, it may be argued, receive a pecuniary advantage by it; for this consideration Parish relinquished all defence in. the suit at law. He states that he owed Gear nothing, that he had a good
defence. In the language of this court, in 5 Peters, 114,-" It is unnec-
essary to examine whether this defence would have been available or not ; the validity of the contract did not depend upon that question. It is enough that the bank considered it a doubtful question, and that they supposed they were gaining some benefit'by foreclosing all inquiries on the subject ; and the complainant, by precluding
herself from setting up the defence, waived what she supposed might have been of material benefit to her."
Gear did not fulfil this-agreement, made by his attorney, Hoge; he states, as the reason for his failure, that he could not find the mortgage. But it is afterwards produced, and it must be presumed to have come from his custody. The promise and inducement to the confessing the judgment was not kept by Gear, or realized by Parish. Was not this transaction, then, an imposition or fraud upon Parish ? If so, all proceedings on the judgment ought to have been restrained. Did not Gear make, by his attorney, an improper and unfair use of his possession of the mortgage, which had been fully discharged by Parish, as appears by the receipt, and the terms of the mortgage itself to induce Parish to confess the judg-
ment. I Schoale &'Lefroy, 205. It is plain that Gear intended to hold the mortgage until the pre-
tended balance was paid. That, as he recollected it, "said deed
was given to secure this defendant the payment of the sum of $ 4,200, and such other sum as the complainant might be indebted :to this
defendant." Again, there is no proper jurat to the answer in this case, - the
answer appears to have been " sworn to and subscribed " before a proper officer ; but it is submitted that this cannot, by correct chan-
cery practice, be taken as a sufficient jurat (I Harrison's Chan. Prac. 218 ; 1 Turner and Venable's Chan. Prac. 544) ; there is not'that certainty as to what the deponent swears to, whether of his knowledge or of his belief (9 Cranch, 160) ; so that an indictment for perjury might be sustained if the deponent swore, falsely. If this position be correct, then the answer in this case is, as in the cage in 5 Peters, 99, merely tantamount to the general issue at law, and the material averments of the bill, so far as they are denied by the answer, are fully proved by Hamilton and Turney, and sustained by every reasonable deduction from the eircfimstances.
But in relation to the second question presented by this cause, which is as to the nature and extent of the relief to be extended, it is submitted that the main relief sought by the complainant is the
15 *

174

SUPREME COURT.

Gear v. Parish.

cancellation of a deed. The bill, however, prays for a discovery and general relief, and the weight and current of authority is, that when equity obtains cognizance for the purpose of discovery and injunction it will retain the cause in order to do ample justice in' cases such as this, where a matter of accountis involved. I Story's Eq. Juisp., § 64 ; 2 Johns. Cases, 431 ; 3Conn. 141 ; 10 Johns. 595 ;" 17 Johns 388 ; 12 Peters, 188.
It was no sufficient reason for dissolving the injunction, that Gear afterward offered to give up, release, or cancel the mortgage ; the fraud or imposition had been then completed. His faith had been violated. The injury to Parish was then inflicted. His damage may have been suffered. He had been compelled, by Gear's own conduct, to bring him into a court of equity. Being there, Gear was in no wise injured, he had the fullest and fairest right and opportunity to claim his demand, and if just have it allowed.
The relief given in this case should therefore go farther than the cancellation and pass upon and decide th e unsettled account between the parties. If there was, as Gear understood and recollected, an unsatisfied balance charged on the mortgage, that very question was presented for the consideration of the court ; as the bill prays to have " the mortgage indenture cancelled, on paying the balance of the mortgage money, if any," &c. The account between the parties was then fairly presented to the court.
The appellant had ample time and opportunity to sustain his account,' if any he had, to show that the balance claimed was omitted by mis:ake or othervise in the ;ettlement of their accounts in 1836, when the mortgage was given to secure the fill sum claimed, and
mor ; but Gear did not offer any evidence to prove the balance of his account.
Besides, the account on which the judgment was confessed was very properly, under the circumstances, to be reviewed ; it was, according to the testimony of Turney, a judgment upon terms, that is, " any errors in the account sued on would be corrected by
Gear." I The defendant made the indebtedness of Parish, upon which the judgment was obtained, a substantive allegation.in his answer ; the onn's probandi was with him to prove these allegations, and undoubtedly if he had proved his claim .he chancellor would have decreed payment in accordance ivith equity and justice. But when he neglected to do so, having ample time and opportunity, and being pre-
sumed to know his legal rights, and allowed the cause to be heard by the court without the sha'dow of any such proof, the fair and just inference is that he could not prove any further indebtedness against Parish, especially when Hamilton's testimony shows that the books of account of Gear were produced on the original settle-
ment, and they then presented no such indebtedness ; but, on the contrary, all parties appeared satisfied that $ 4,200 w6uld cover the
whole claim,

JANUARY TERM,, 1847.

175

Gear v. Parish.

Mr. Justice NELSQN delivered the opinion of the court.
We are unable to discover any foundation for the decree of the' court below. The pleadings and proofs narrowed the question down to the simple inquiry as to the force and effect of the judgment between the parties, which had been Tendered upon confession. The answer appears to have removed all further complaint about the refusal of Gear to cancel the mortgage 'and disencumber the premises, as the subject is not-carried into, nor made a part of, the decree. That is confined to the order enjoining the defendant, his agents and attorneys, perpetually from -collecting the judgment.
The sole question, therefore, is, whether or not, upon the pleadings and proofs, the appellant is justly entitled to enforce the payment of this money.
The bill of complaint admits, and the answer reiterates the admission,.that the mortgage was executed to secure the payment
of an unadjusted balance of accounts arising out of extended business transactions. The exact sum being, at the time, unascertained, an amount was agreed ifpon, and carried into the mortgage, supposed to be large enough to cover any balance that might be found due.
Neither party was to be concluded by the mortgage, or the amount agreed upon. The actual indebtedness was to depend upon a. future settlement of the accounts.
The proofs confirm this view, and further establish, that the judgment was confessed voluntarily and advisedly; for a balance ascertained, and claimed by Gear to be due over and above the mortgage ; and that th6 only reservation made, at the time, was the
privilege 6f correcting errors -in the adjustmefit of the accounts, if. any should be made to appear thereafter.
The judgment was not given, as in the case of the mortgage, for an unascertained -balance; and therefore a security, simply, for whatever sum the plaintiff might thereafter show to remain due and unpaid. A 'specific sum was claimed; as the true balance 'of the accounts, and a suit threatened. The judgment was confessed for this sum, subject to the' right, of Parish to reduce the amount. Failing -or omitting to do this, the whole amount was collectable. The burden lay upon him to show the errors, if any; -that he assumed, according to the very terms upon which he consented to confess the judgment ; and as no errors were shown, or are even pretended, in the case before us, it is clear the plaintiff is entitled to the whole amount of his judgment and to execution for the same ; and that the court below erred in entertaining the bill and awarditg the injunction.
We shall, therefore, reverse the decree of the court below, with costs, and remit the proceedings, with direction to dissolve the injunction, and dismiss the bill with costs of suit.

Order. This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record

176

SUPREM'E .COURT.

In the Matter of Metzger.

from the Supreme Court for the Territ6ry of Wisconsin, and was
argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here or-. dered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Supreme
Court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed, with costs, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded'to.the said
Supreme Court, with directions to that' court to dissolve the injunction in this case, and to dismiss the bill of the complainant with costs of suit.

IN THE MATTER oF NIcHoLAs LUCIEN METZGER.
The treaty with France, made in 1843, provides for the mutual surrender of fugitives from justice, in certain cases.
Where a district judge, at his chambers, decided thot there. was sufficieit causa for the surrender'of a person claimed by the French government, and c,mmitted him to custody to await the order of the President of the United States, this court has no jurisdiction to issue a habeas corpus for the purpose of reviewing that decision.
,Mr. Coxe moved for a habeas corpus, according to the following petition, which he read, and also the decision of the judge below.
"To'the Honorable, the Justices of the Supreme Court of the United'States :-
"The petition of Nicholas Lucien Mretzger respectfully sheweth, - That be is restrained'from his liberty, and is now a prisoner in jail, and under the custody of the marshal of the Southern District for the State of New York, and that he has been committed to such jail and custody, and is now confined and detained therein, under and by virtue-of a warrant and 'order of the Hon, Samuel R. Betts, district judge for the Southern District of New York, as an alleged fugitive irom justice, pursuant to the provisions of the convention signed between .the United States and the French government, on the 9th'of November, 1843.
"CThat annexed hereto is a.copy of the order, under and by virtue of which your petitioner has been apprehended and committed, and is nosy detained in custody.
" Wherefore, your petitioner prays, that a writ of habeas corpus may issue from this honorable court, to be directed to the marshal of the .Southern District of the State of New York, or to such other persons as may hold or detain your petitioner. under and by virtue of said order, commanding him or them to have the. body of your petitioner before this honorable court, at such time as in said writ may be specified, for the purpose of ifiquiring into the cause of commitment of your. petitionek, and to do and abide such order as this honorable court may make -in the premises.
"And your petitioner will ever pray, &c.
METZGER.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

148

Ford v. Douglas et al.'

be clear, the injury impending, and threatened so as to be aveaed only by the protecting preventive process of injunction." Baldwin's Rep. 218. It never should be permitted to issue where it is even suspected that it will be prostituted to the unworthy purpose of delaying, vexing, and harassihg suitors at law in the prosecution of their
just demands.
Let the judgment of the Circuit Court be affirmed.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern .iDistrict of Mississippi, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and decreed by this court that the decree of the said Circuit Court. in this cause be and the-same is 'hereby affirmed, with costs.

CHRISTOPHER FORD, APPELLANT, v. ARCHIBALD DOUGLAS, MAXWELV.
W. BLAND, AND EIELINE, His WIPE, APPELLEES.
By. the laws of Louisiana; where tmere has been a judicial sale of the succession by a probate judge, a creditor of the estate, who obtains a judgmeit; cannot levy an execution upon, the property so transferred, upon the ground that the sale was fraudulent and void. fe should first bring an actign to set the sale aside.
The purchaser under the judicial sale having fileadbill and obtained an idjunction upon the creditor to stay the execution, it was alhiriegular mode of raising the question of fraud for the creditor to file an answer setting it forth, and alleging
the sale to be void upon that ground. He should have filed a crass bin.. Ex-
ceptions to the answer upon thiis account were properly sustained by the' court below.
But if the court below should perpetuate the injunction, upon the defendants' refusal to answer further, the injunction should be free from doubt, in leaving ,ae creditor to pursue other property under his judgment, and also atliberty to file a' cross bill. If the injunction does not clearly reserve these rights to the creditor it goes too far, and the judgment of the couit below must be reversed.
Tnis was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, sitting as a court of equity.
As the merits of the case were not involved in the decision of the court, it will only be necessary. to give such a narrative of the facts as will illustrate the points of law upon.which the decision turned.
On the 24th of November, 1837, James S. Douglas, of the State of Louisiana, made his last will and testament, as follows -
I, James S. Douglas, of the parish of Concordia, and State of" Louisiana, being feeble in body, and knowing the uncertainty of this life, but of sound and disposing mind and memory, do make and publish this my last will and testament.
First. I direbt that all my just debts be pai as soon after my

144

SUPREME .COURT.

Ford v Dougl1s et al.

decease as my executors shall realize the same from the real and personal estate intrusted to their care and management.
Secondly. Reposing the utmost confidence in my beloved wife, Emeline Douglas, I hereby constitute and appoint her executrix, and my brother, Stephen Dbuglas, and my friend, Ppssmore Hoopes, executors of all my estate, real and personal, lying and being in the State of Mississippi.

Thirdly. I also appoint my brother, Stephen Douglas, and my friend, Passmore Hoopes, executors of all my estate, real and personal, lying and being-in the said State of Louisiana.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal, this twenty-fourth day of November, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

Signed,

JAMES S. DOUGLAS. [SEAL.]

This will, being duly attested, was admitted to probate in Mississippi on the'25th of December, 1837, and letters, testamentary granted. It is not necessdry to follow the proceedings in Mississippi further.
In 1838, May 26th, in the State of Louisiana, before Richard Charles Downes, phrish judge in and for the parish of Madison, ex officio judge of probates, carie Stephen Douglas, p esentdd his petition, setting forth the death of his brother, James S. Douglas, as happening in November, 1837 ; that he made his last will and testament, wherein he appointed the said Stephen Douglas and Passmore Hoopes testamentary executors of his estate in Louisiana ; that probate of the will had been madein Claiborne county, Mississippi ; therefore, praying letters in pursuance of the testament, and an inventory ;- whereupon, the judge ordered that, upon probate of the testament, an inventory be taken.
On the 30th of March, 1839, the will was proved in Louisiana, as it had before been in Mississippi. Amongst other claims against the estate, Stephen Douglas, the executor, filed an account, claim-
ing a debt due to .him of $ 53,150.42. On the 31st of October,-1839, Emeline Douglas, the widow,
was appointed guardian of her four children, and Archibald Douglas, a younger brother of Stephen, was appoi.nted under tutor or guardian. A family meeting was called, and attended the parish judge, which advised'the sale of the plantation and slaves, implements, cattle, &c., at the'head of Lake St. Joseph's, to satisfy the balance due to Stephen Douglas, the executor.
The sale was accordingly ordered by the parish judge, and took place on the 23d of March, 1840, when Mrs. Emeline Douglas
and Archibald Douglas became the purchasers. On the 1st of April, 1840, Emeline Douglas obtained a judgment
iii her favor against the estate for $76,634.74, and, on the 22d of April, the parish judge ordered another 'sale to take place'for the

purpose of paying this debt.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

145

Ford v. Douglas et al.

On the 8th of June, 1840, the parish judge made sale of a plantation called Buck Ridge, slaves, cattle, corn, &c., all of which belonged, jointly, to James S. Douglas, the decease'd, and Stephen

Douglas, the executor. This property was purchased by Emeline Douglas and Archibald Douglas for $83,000.

In December, 1840, and January, 1842, Ford, a citizen of Virginia, obtained the three following judgments against the executor, in the Circuit Court of the United States, viz. :-the one judgment obtained on the 23d of December, 1840, for $ 9,180; with interest, at the rate of eight per cent per. year, from the 15th of January, 1838, on one half thereof, and from 15th of January, 1839, on the

other half thereof, besides costs.

Another judgment, of the 26th of December, 1840, for $ 4,590, with interest at same rate from 15th of January, 1840, besides costs.

The third, of January 3d, 1842, for $ 4,590, with interest at
same rate until paid, besides costs, - maldng together $ 18,360,
besides interest and costs.

Executions were issued upon these judgments and levied upon the property which had been purchased by Emeline Douglas and

Archibald Douglas.

On the 21st of December, 1842, Archibald Douglas, Maxwell W. Bland, and Emeline, his wife (late Emeline Douglas), filed their. bill in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, against Christopher Ford and the marshal, praying for an injunction to stay further proceedings udder the judgments, and thAt they might be quieted in their possession of the property which they had purchased.
On the 30th of December, 1842, an injunction was issued ac-

cordingly.

On the 21st of April, 1843, Ford iled his answer, in which he alleged that the proceedings under the will, as well in 'Mississippi as in Louisiana, were the result of fraud, collusion, and combination, in consequence of which they were null and v6id, and passed no title to the complainants. The answer then proceeded to set forth, with great particularity, the acts of which he complained, and con-

cluded as follows :-

"This respondent, having answered the allegations in said pettion set forth, prays this honorable court that the said petition may be decreed to be dismissed, and the injunction had and obtained in this case may be dissolved, and a judgment rendered against the said petitioners and the sureties on their injunction-bond for damages, according to law. That this honorable court make such other judgment, orders, and decrees, as may be found legal and proper, to declare void and null the sales relied on in said petition ; to finally dissolve the said injunction with legal damages in favoi of this respondent ; to dismiss said petition and.relieve this respondent from the opposition of said petitioners ; to order the marshal to proceed.

VOL. v.

13

146

SUPREM-E COURT.

Foid vf.Douglas et al.

to the sale of said property under the said three writs offierifacias,

for the satisfaction of the said judgments of this respondent ; and

that this respondent have judgment for his costs.

And this respondent will ever pray, &c.

Signed,

CHRISTOPHER FORD."

On the 22d of April, 1843, the following exception to the answer was filed :-

The said plaintiffs except to the answer-filed by the said defen-

dants'in this behalf, because the matters and things set forth in the said answer cannot, by law, be inquired into in the present suit or proceedings instituted by the said plaintiffs. And the said plaintiffs, not admitting any of the facts or matters set forth and alleged in the

said answer of the said defendants, but, on the contrary, denying and protesting against the truth of all and every part thereof, and alleging that the truth thereof cannot be inquired into in this action, pray that they may have the benefit of their injunction, and that the

same may be made perpetual, &c.

Signed,

Jixo. R. GRYMES, for Plaintiffs.

And on the same day and year aforesaid, to wit, on the 22d day of April, 1843, the followifig agreement was fied -

DOUGLAS et al. v. C. FORD et al.

Circuit Cofirt of the United States, Eastern District of Louisi-

ana :-

It is agreed that this case may be set down for argument on the

matters of law arising on the petition and answer, as on an excep-

tion to the answer ; and that if the judgment of the court, on the

matters of law, shoula be for the -defendant, the'plaintiffs may join

issue on the facts,,azd the testimony taken in the usual manner.

The plaintiffs to be at liberty, at any time before hearing, to file

special exceptions in writing.

Signed,

JNo. R. GRY s, for Plaintiffs.

On the 22d of April, 184, the cause came on for trial upon the plaintiffs' exceptions to. the answer of the defendant,- and on the 24th the following order of court was entered of record :-
·Monday,, April 24th, 1843. The court met pursuant to adjournment. Present, the Honorable John McKinley, Presiding Judge ; the Honorable Theodore H. McCaleb, District Judge.
CHRISTOPHER DOUGLASS et al. v. CHRISTOPHER FORD et al. The consideration of exception filed in this case to the answer
of the defendant was this day resumed before the court, the ceomplainants not appearing either in person or by his solicitor, and F. Houston, Esq., for the defendant. Whereupon, the arguments of counsel being closed, it is ordered, adjudged, and decreed, by- the

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

147

Ford v. Dougjas et al.

court, that the exception of the complainants to defendants' answer be sustained, rd that the defendant answer over.
'ARCHIBALD DOUGLAS et al. v. CHRISTOPHER FORD et al. The defendant, Christopher Ford, by his counsel, declinds to
answer further in this case the bill of the plaintiffs, relying and insisting on the sufficiency of the ample and conclusive answer filed. by him in this cause, and the utterly null and void character of the title set up by said plaintiffs, apparent on their said bill, and the record of the mortuary proceedings of the succession of the said James S. Douglas, deceased. The defendant having declined to answer further in this case, and to submit it to the court to render such final decree in the case as may appear to them to be proper, it is therefore ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the injunction heretofore awarded in this case be and the same is madelerpetual ; and it is further ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the plaintiffs recover the costs of suit, without prejudice to the right of the defendant to any action he may think proper.
From this decree, Ford appealed to this court.

The cause was argued by ,Mr Bibb, for the appellant, and .7rr. ,Meredith, for the appellees.
.41r. Bibb examined the facts very minutely as they were pre-
sented in the record, with a view of su'taininz the charge of fraud, and then proceeded.
The appellant assigns the err'ors following, as appellant on the
record :1. The judge erred in sustaining the exception to the answer,
and also in giving relief upon the bill ; thereby, in effect,, decreeing that the plaintiffs could, as complainants in equity, ask the court to aid them -in consummating their unfair practice and frauds, appearing on the face of their bill and exhibit referred to as part of-their bill.
2. The judge erred in adjudging that -the matters of fraud and collusiofi, alleged in the answer of the defendant, now.the appellant, were not defences competent, fit and proper, legal and equitable, to be inquired into in the suit prosecuted by the plaintiffs, now appellees.
3. The court erred in sustaining the bill, and in giving any relief to the complainants upon. the bill. *
4. The court erred in the nature and extent of the relief given to
the said complainants. 5. Upon the face of the bill and exhibit referred to, as the evi-
dence of the title claimed by the plaintiffs, it appears that the plaintiffs had no title, had not capacity to bhome purchasers, that they had paid no consideration, and that the proceedings in -the- parish court were had, done, and procured by fraud and collusion, and
combination between the said Emeline and Archibald Douglas,

148

SUPREME COURT.

Ford v. 'Douglas et al.

Stephen Douglas, the executo of the will and testament of James S. iDouglas, and others, with intent and for the purpose of delaying, hindering, aid defrauding the creditors of said testator, James S.
Douglas, and Christopher Ford in particular ; and therefore the till should have been dismissed.
6. Upon the bill and transcript of the proceedings in the Parish Court of Madison, Louisiana, exhibited by the plaintiffs in the court below, as the evidence of their title, it appears that the title pretended by the said plaintiffs is invalid, prohibited by the policy of the law, denounced and interdicted by the principles of equity ; and
therefore the bill should have been disxiissed.
7. The bill does not contain afy equity ; made no case proper for the-aid of a court of equity.
Having set forth the facts which are relied on in the answer, most of which are proved by recorded proceedings in the two courts respectively, - the court of probate, in Mississippi, and the parish court of Louisiana, - it remains to inquire whether these matters of fact were admissible defences for the defendant against the bill and
relief prayed. The property levied upon by the marshal was confessedly of the
estate of the testator-, James S. Douglas, at the time of his death, and liable to the' satisfaction of the executions' against Stephen Douglas, executor of James S. Douglas, unless the complainants, Emeline. Douglas, one of the testamentary executors, now Emeline Bland, and Archibald Douglas, they being the tutrix or guardian and under-guardian of the infants, have, by color of the sales and purchases had and contrived, by fraud and collusion, and without ever making .payment, under their collusive fraudulent doings, changed the title, and are above the powers of a court of equity in
relation to the frauds.
At the threshold these questions Are presented: - Does a report that a person was the best bidder, for lands and slaves at publio auction, advertised f6r sale f6r cash, change the title and vest it in the bidder, without any report of payment of the price, without any receipt for the 'purchase or evidence of 'payment, without payment made, and without- ability in the bidder to make payment of the price ? Does the report of a sale of lands and slaves, as having been
made by a parish judge in the State of Louisiana, to. a bidder at the price of $ 83;000, shield and defend the bidder from all inquiries as "to his fraud, collusion, art, *and part in procuring a' fraudulent
judgment and order of sale ; and also as to the facts of non-payment of the purchase money, his inability to pay, and that the bid-
der had never been let into possession ?
The complainants, Archibald and Egmeline, to maintain their bill, and their exeception to the answer of the defendant, Christopher Ford, are under -the necessity to assert the affirmative of these
propositions.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

149

Ford v. Douglas et al.

The record of the proceedings in the parish court of Louisiana, offered by complainants in equity as evidence of their title to the property levied upon by the marshal to satisfy the executions, contains no report of the payment of the prices which they bid ; the complainants offer no proof of payment ; their bill does not allege payment ; the sum was above their circumstances and ability to pay in cash ; the record abounds with evidence of fraud and collusion ; the answer charges, that the design, end, and aim of the whole proceeding to judgment and sale was by a sham sale and colorable purchase, to protect the property from the creditors of the testator, whilst Stephen Douglas yet is the possessor of the estate as before the pretended sale. The transcript of the proceedings in the probate court of Claiborne county, Mississippi, corroborates and multiplies the acts of fraud and collusion ; and the averments in the answer of Christopher Ford, if true, leave no room to doubt the
fraud.
Shall these pass without inquiry, without examination, without trial, upon a bill brought by two of the confederates in the fraud and collusion, asking a court of equity to call its moral powers into activity to protect them and their confederate in the fruits of the
fraud ? By the exception to the answer, and the decision of. the judge
below, the frauds are said not to be proper subjects of inquiry " in the present suit or proceedings instituted by the said plaintiffs."
The exception, as taker and sustained, implies that the matters and things set forth in the answer may be inquired into in some other
suit, in some other proceeding.
Does the attitude of Mrs. Douglas and Archibald Douglas, as complainants in equity, ensconce them from reprobation for havig art and part in the fraudulent and covinous proceedings which they make the groundwork and. gravamen of their accusation and prayer for relief ? The maxim in equity is, a complainant must come into the court with clean hands.
I propose to comprise my argument, as to the principles of law and equity which should rule the decision of this appeal, under these general heads :-
1. 'The effect of fraud in contaminating and avoiding all proceed-
ings and acts, as well semi-judicial as'judicial, had and done, contrived and procured, by fraud.
2. That the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States, to carry into execution and full effect their judgments and decrees, is plenary ; ai.3 that the jurisdiction of the court of the United States, to execute the judgments in favor of said. Ford, the appellant, is not to be remitted and referred to the tribunals of the State of Louisiana, to give him execution and satisfaction of these judgments.
3, -That, upon the face of the transcript of the proceedings in the parish court, as exhibited by the plaintiffs, now appellees, they
13*

.150

SUPREME COURT.

Ford v. Douglas et a].

were incapable, and prohibited by the policy of the law, and the established principles of equity, to become purchasers at the sales -therein mentioned, and by their own showing have not the title to the property mentioned in their bill.
I. As to the effect of fraud. Lord Chief Justice De Grey, in delivering the answer of the judges to a question put to them in the Duchess of Kingston's case, expressed the opinion of the judges thus : -- " Fraud is an extrinsic, collateral act, violating the most solemn prbceedings of courts of justice ; as Lord Coke says, avoiding all judicial, acts, ecclesiastieal and temporal." The Duchess of Kingstoil's case, 20 Harg.
.State Trials, 602 (Cobbett's ed. 594). A decree of exchequer, that a will was duly jroved which was
obtained by fraud, relieved against in chancery, by Lord Hardwicke. Barnsley v. Powel, 1 Ves. sen. 120 ; and ibid. 286, 287.
Where a fine and non-claim- is levied by fraud, a court of -equity will relieve against the fine; per Lord Hardwi6ke. Cartwright v. Pultny, 2 Atk. 381."
An original bill to set aside a decree obtained by gross fraud, sustained by Lord Chancellor Macclesfield. Loyd v. Mansell, 2 P. Williams, 74, 75.
At law, defendant may plead that the judgment against his testator was by fraud and covin. If a decree was by fraud and covin, the party may be relieved against it ; not by rehearing or appeal, but by original bill. By Lord Hyrdwicke, chancellor. Bradish *. Gee, Ambler, 229.
"Equity has so great an abhorrence of fraud, that it will set aside its own decrees, if founded thereon." 13 Viner, Fraud, (Aa.), pl. 9, 10, p. 543. -
"1Equity will never countenance demands of'an unfair nature; in this case it was to have an allowance for attending at auctions to enhance the price of goods ; nor will equity suffer them to be set off against fair and just demands ; and a cross-bill for that purpose was dismissed with costs." 13 Viner, p. 544, pl. 13.
In chancery, between Richard Fermor, plaintiff, and Thomas
Smith, defendant, to set aside a fine levied by said Smith, by fraud and covin, to bar the pldintiff of his inheritance. The proclamations and five years had past ; Smith, the tenant for years, all the time continuing in possession, and paying Tent until his term expired, and then he claimed the inheritance, and to bar the plaintiff by force of the said fine and proclamations and five years. On the hearing of the case, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, because it was a case of great importance, and condidering that fines with proclamations were general assurances of the realm, referred the case to all the justices of England and the barons of the exchequer,, all of whom met (except two)- and consulted, and resolved that the plaintiff was not barred, because of the fraud and covin. And it was

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

151

Ford v. Douglas et a].

said that the common law "1doth so abhor fraud and covin, that all acts, as well judicial as others, and which of themselves are just and lawful, yet, being mixed with fraud and deceit, are in judgment of law wrongful and unlawful." And various'examples and precedents of decisions are cited. Fermor's case, 3 Coke, 77, 78.
Chancellor Kept, in the case of Reigal v. Wood, 1 John. Ch. Rep. 406, said, - "It is a well settled principle in this court, that relief is to be obtained, not only against writings, deeds, and the most solemn assurances, but 'against judgments and decrees, if
obtained by fraud and imposition." In the case of Kennedy v. Daley, 1 Schoale & Lefroy, 355,
Chancellor Redesdale relieved against a decree obtained by fraud and imposition, and declared it should have no effect. And that a fine levied and non-claim, by a trustee-to a person having notice of
the trust, shall not bar the cestui que trust. And .in the case of Giffard v. Hort, ibid, 386, he held a decree,
obtained without making parties of those persons who were known to have rights in the estate, to be fraudulent and void as to those not made parties, and a purchaser under the decree, with notice of the defect, not to be protected by it. -The fraudulent decree was in the e3chequer. Lord Redesdale laments numerous proceedings in the exchequer, at a time when that court was oppressed with business, and could not take time fc." full investigation and right decision, whereby advantage was taken by such proceedings to defraud persons of property to which they were entitled. " It was one of the crying grievances of time. A systematic use has been made of the decrees of a court for the purpose of effecting fraud ; and it has been as much a swindling contrivance to deprive a family of its estate, as any of those contrivances which swindlers practise upon unwary young men. I shall, Terefore, think myself bound to struggle to the utmost of my power to relieve against such oppressive combinations." Giffard v. Hort, 1 Scho. & Lef. 396.
Certain it is that distant creditors, legatees, and heirs have had as ample cause to lament that a systematic use has been made of the parish courts of Louisiana for effecting fraud and swindling, as Lord Redesdale had for lamenting such like uses made of the court of exchequer in Ireland.
The cases which I have cited show the active relief given upon
bills to annul those fraudulent judicial proceedings. The courts of equity, true and consistent to the doctrine that "1all acts, as well judicial as others, mixed with fraud and deceit, are in jiidgment of law wrongful and unlawful," have ever refused to grant any relief to a party who comes into a court of equity as plaintiff, asking to have advantage of fraudulent or unfair proceedings.
The maxim in equity is, -" He that hath committed iniquity shall not have equity." Francis- Maxims, II. (old ed. p. 5, new ed. p. 7).

152

SUPREME COURT.

Ford v. Douglas et al.

Under that maxim, various examples are given of plaintiffs whose suits were dismissed because the subjects of the bill were founded in fraud or unfair dealing.
The plaintiff upon a loan of £ 90 got a bond for £ 800, and had judgment. Thereupon he brought a bill to subject to the satisfaction of the debt certain lands of the defendant in right of his wife, estated to trustees for her benefit. " But the security being gotten from the defendant when he was drunk, the lord keeper would not give the plaintiff any relief in equity, not so much as for 'the principal he had really lent, and so the bill was dismissed." Rich v.
Sydenham, I Cases in Ch. 202.
Upon a bill to have the benefit of articles of marriage, which had been reduced to writing but not sealed, containing an extreme -portion for the married daughter, more than would be left to her father and mother, and two other daughters not provided for, the lord chancellor would not decree the agreement, but left the plaintiff to recover at law if he could. Anonymous, 2 Cases in
Chan. 17. To sustain the exception to the answer, or to give relief upon the
bill without an answer, upon the idea that the fraud was not a fit subject of inquiry upon a bill by the actors, contrivers, and participators in the fraud and covin, was in contradiction to the established
principles of equity.
The complainants having brought their case into the court of equity for relief, it was open to every defence, to every objection which could have been made against it by a bill, on behalf of those prejudiced by the proceedings in the parish court, to have relief against the fraud and colin. If the Circuit Court of the United States had jurisdiction to hear and determine the complaint as a matter cognizable in equity, it had jurisdiction to hear and determine the defence to the bill alleging the acts of fraud, collusion, and covin, charged in the answer, which, if true, avoided the proceedings relied upon as the foundation of the bill.
The cause which had moved the complainants to come into equity for relief did not curtail the powers and jurisdiction of the court to hear and determine any and every equitable defence to the bill. Fraud, covin, and collusion in the plaintiffs, had and used in the proceedings on which they relied, was an equitable defence, a bar to the relief prayed by the bill.
That the judgment creditor, C. Ford, the defendant, had caused 'the marshal to levy the executions upon the property alluded to in the proceedings in the parish court, as exhibited by the complainants, neither purged the proceedings of the fraud, covin, and collusion, nor deprived the Circuit Court of the United States of its
powers, duties, and dignity as a court of equity. The powers and jurisdiction of the Circuit Court of the United
States were prescribed and conferred by the constitution and laws

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

153

Ford v. Douglas -et aL.

of the United States, not by the will and convenience of the com--
planants in that bill. Are the proceedings of the parish court of Madison, in the State
of Louisiana, final and .conclusive against all persons, parties, and those not parties ? Are the frauds by which those judgments in favor of the executor, Stephen Douglas, and in favQr of Mrs. Emeline Douglas, and the fraudulent, collusive, and covinous proceedings under those judgments, final, conclusive, sacred ; beyond the p ower of all courts to overhaul them for fraud, deceit, and covin ?
o such sanctity can be ascribed to them.
Being liable to be impeached and avoided for fraud and covin, the complainants, who have carried a transcript of those proceed-
ings into the Circuit Codrt of the United States, and 4herein made those proceedings the substratum of their bill in equity and prayer for relief, have thereby subjected those proceedings to the examnation in that court, sitting as a court of equity.
But such jurisdictioi of the Circuit Court did not depend upon. the volition of the said Archibald' and Emeline.
1I. The jurisdiction of-the courts of the United States, to carry into execution and full effect their judgments aid decrees, is plenary ; not to be remitted and referred to the tribunals of the
States. The jurisdiction of the Circuit Courts of the United States in
each particular case is not exhausted by the rendition of the judgment or decree, but continues until that judgment or decree shall be satisfied. The beneficial exercise of the jurisdiction of the court to compel satisfaction is not less important than the exercise of the jurisdiction to pronounce the judgment or decree. The jurisdiction t0 enforce satisfaction by execution is a necessary incident to the jurisdiction to give the judgment or decree ; it is expressly given in' the acts of Congress establishing the courts and defining their juris-. diction. The execution and satisfaction of the judgment is the very
"life of the law."
But I need not labor this point ; the doctrine is *well settled by the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States. Wayman v. Southard, 10 NIteat. 23 ; Bank of the United States v. Hal-
stead, 10 Wheat. 64. The learned counsellor, who argued this case for the appellees,
cited many decisions of the State court of Louisiana, and passages -of the civil code of Louisiana, to show, that an execution, issuing 6!om a State court of Louisiana, could not have been levied upon this property until, by some proceeding, the orders, judgments, and sales by the parish judge of Madison had been reversed, set aside,and annulled. The drift of that argument, and the exception taken to the answer of Ford, and the opinion of the judge in sustaining the exception, all seeni intended to drive C. Ford into the State courts of Louisiana, t6 seek satisfaction of his judgment rendered in the

154

SUPREME -COURT.

FQrd v. Douglas et al.

Circuit Court of the United States, to confine the process of exe.cution to the mode of proceeding under the law of that State.
To all those -arguments and citations, I reply, that the Siate of Louisiana has rightful authdrity to regulate her own courts and modes of executing their judgments, bt has no rightful authority to regulate the modes of proceeding and processes of execution of the
courts of the United States. The jurisdiction, of the courts of the United States, and the
process of execution of their judgments and decrees, depend upon ie constitution of the United States and the laws made by Congress in pursuance of the constitution, not upon the laws of the States. The laws made by Congress in pursuance of the constitution "shall be the supreme law of the land, any thing in the constitution or law.' of'any State to the contrary biotwithstanding." So the tonstitutibn of the United States (art. 6, § 2) dbelares.
Any. law of the Stat contrary to the law of the United States, or impiedly or expressly prohibiting the execution 6f the process of the courts of the United States within the State, in a manner different from that prescribed by the law of the State 'to her own courts, would be null 'and void.
The differenIces between the'process of execution of the judgments of the courts of the United States, as regulated by the laws of the United States, and the process of execution of the judgments of the State courts as regulated by State laws, have been the subjects of solemn argument, matred consideration, and decision in
e Supreme Court of the United States. .,In tho cases of Wayman v. Southard, 10 'heat. 1 ; The Bank of the United. States v.. Halstead, 10 Wheat. 54; Suydam v. lBrodnax., 14 Peters, 67, the laws of the United States regulating
the process and mcdes of executing the judgments of the courts of the United States.-were considered, expounded, and adjudged.
In the two former, the certificates of the decisions and mandates expressly declare,-- " That the statutes 'of Kentucky in relation to executions, which are certified to this court, are not applicable to executions which issue on judgments rendered by the courts of the United States " (10 Wheat. 50) ; " cannot operate upon, bind the m de in which the v enditioni exponas should be enforced by the marshal, and forbid a sule of the .laiid levied upon, unless it com manded three fourths of its value." 10 Wheno. 65.
The decision in Suydam v. Broadnax declared, that the law of the State of Alabama, which commanded that claims of creditors upon an estate declared to be insolvent should be prosecuted bVefore the commissioners appointed to manage the estate, has no binding force whatever.on"the Circuit Courts of the United States ; and the right of said Circuit Courts to take cognizance of. claims against such an estate was undoubted, the statute of Alabama. to the contrary, notwithstanding. 14 Peters, 67.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

155

Ford v. Douglas et al.

The judicial &epartmientof the government of the United States, in: relation to .the extent of its iurisdiction, the distribution of its powers between the Supreme 'Court and the inferior courts, the supervising power over the, decisions of tl~e State courts in specified cases, the tenur, of office of the judges, the provision for the adequate support of the -udges; their responsibility, and the mode of appointment, was emnstructed with great wisdom, caution, and deliberation. Profiting by history and examples of the past, the sages who' framed the judiciary department looked to the future with anxious desire to preserve the Union, to maintain peace at home and abroad, so far AS an impartial and -enlightened administration of justice can conduce to those ends. Coisiderations of the highest importance demand thai the supremacy of the laws of the Union, and the judicial cognizance assigned to the courts of the United
States, shall be maintained in their full extent and proper vigor.
The jurisdiction in controversies between citizens of different States, and in questions of conflict of State laws with the constitution and laws. of the United States, forms an important provision for establishing justice and preserving domestic tranquility. Past experience of "fraudulent laws, which had been passed in too many of the States s before -the federal constitution was proposed,
taught the framers of that compact to apprehend that the spirit which had produced those would, in future, produce like instances, or assume new shapes with like eil. tmdencies ; therefore the con-
stitution established particular guards :against such evils, one of 'which is the jurisdiction of the federal courts in controversies be-
tween citizens of different States. Multiplied instances, which have Rccurred since, the federal constitution was adopted, attested by the records of this court, prove but too well that'the apprehensions
of ihe framers of the constitution were not idle, nor their foresight and prudent provisions for arresting the evils unprofitable.
It. Upon the bill and the transcript of the proceeding in the parish court, exhibited thereby to make title to the property claimed- by the complainants, now appellees, by their own showing they havg'
not the title to the property.
They, said Emeline and Archibald, were in a fiduciary capacity, the one as tutrix (or guardian), the other sub-tutor (or under-guardian), and thereford not capable in law to become purchasers at
those sales.
The purchase money was not paid ; no possession was delivered; the whole contrivances of debts claimed against the estate of her
testator, the judgments in favor of Stephen Douglas and of said Emeline, respectively, were false, fraudulent, and covinous ; the sales and pretended, purchases were shams, simulations, deceitful,
illegal, and passed no title to the said Emeline and Archibald. Upon this point I cite the case decided at the last term of this
court. Michoud et al. v. Girod et al., 4 Howard, 553-555, &c.

156

SUPREME COURT.

Ford v. Douglas et al.

That opinion is drawn with such perspicuity, research, and demonstration, that nothing is left to be supplied by me.
It is of itself an example of overhauling and relieving against the iniquities committed by the court of pirobate and parish court of
Louisiana, in proceedings similar to those of the parish court of Madison relied on by the complainant.
The. incapacity of the tutor, or guardian, to purchase at such a
sale is one of the points adjudged in that case. I have labored this case because of the yalue in-controversy, but
more on account of the cohsequences in all time to come, for good
or for evil, which hang upon the decision of this appeal in this way or in that. Many things I have said which might perhaps-have been well omitted. Some things I have intentionally omitted which might
have been said, which will be supplied by the intelligence of the court. But, ex dictis, et ex non dictis, I pray the decree of this court for the appellant; that the injunction be dissolved and the bill dismissed, so that the appellant may have execution of his judg-
ments.

M.. .Meredith, for the appellees.
Upon the faets disclosed by the record, the counsel for the appellees, in the oral argument which he had the honor of addressing
to the court, when the case was called in its order upon the calendar at the present term, submitted two propositions which he respectfIly insisted were fully sustained by an ufiiform series of decisions of the Supreme Court of Louisiana,'establishing them as fixed rules of.property in that State. They were the following :-
1. Tlhat the appelleesr, at the time the*executions were levied, were possessed of the property seized, under and by virtue of ju dicial sales, translative of title, as by public and authentic act.
2. That the appellees being so possessed the appellant had no right, on a suggestion of fraud, to treat the proceedings of the probate court as null and void, and cause, his executions to be levied on the property; but that the fraud alleged by him could only be inquired into .inan actionito set aside the sales,*xinder which the appellees claimed the possession and title ;.in which, if he should succeed, the property would become liable to the operation of his judgments. Until when, the appellees had a right to be protected y injunction in the possession and enjoyment of the property.
I. Upon the first proposition, as to the legal effect of the adjudications of the prolate sales upon the title and possession, the counsel for the appellees referred to the following decisions :- Zanico v. Habine, 5 Martin's Rep. 372 ; 1 Condensed Rep. 384 ; Bush-
nell v. Brown, 8 Mart. Rep. (New Series), 157 ; 4 Cond. Rep. .466 ;, Marigny v. Nivet, 2 Louisiana Rep. 498; De Ende v. Moore, -2 Mart. Rep. (N. S.) 336 ; 2 Cord. Rep. 675 ; La Fon's Executors v. Phillips, 2 Martin, (N. S.) 25 ; 2 Cond. Rep. 644.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

157,

Ford v. Douglas et al.

These cases all coiaeur to show that in ju icial sales the pra.w

verbal is sufficient evidence of title; and that neither deed from the

officer making the satle, nor act under the. signatures of the parties,

is necessary to perfect it. Such indeed are the express provisions

of the Civil Code, See articles 2)586, 2,594, 2,601. ·

Further, the adjudication, being by public and authentic act, was

complete evidence of delivery and possession, where there was no

adverse' possession at the time-of the sale. Such a possession is

*no where alleged or sugested in this case, and could not indeed

have'existed, because al the parties in interest were before the

court when the decrees were made by the court -of probates, as ip-

pears by the transcript of the record exhibited with the bill. The

bill itself avers that the appellees were in possession long before the

issuing bf the exequtions ; and the only -denial of the tnswer imas

to the 'lawfulness of the. possessio.n Upon this point, the case of

Fortin v. Blount, 1 Martin, (N. S.) 179, 2 Cond. Rep: 429, was

referred to.

The first proposition then appeared to be clearly sustained under-

the Louisiana jurisprudence ; that'is to say-, that the appellees were

in possession of the property upon which the appellant's executions

were levied by adjudications which passed the tide to them.

H. The second proposition, it was contended, was equally clear

upon authorities. It is held 'as settled, in the courts of Louisiana,

that no man can take the-law into his owh hands, and, ex mero nolu,

undertake to render himself justice; that-, however good his title

may be, he °cannot 'take -possession of property without form of

law ; and that the courts will not, in a possessory action, investigate

his title, but will restore the possession, and leave him to his peti-

tory action. It is equally well settled, that what one cannot- do by

himself, he shall not b. permitted to do through the instrumentality

of a mere ministerial officer, - such as a sheriff oi marshal, - act-

ing under his directions and orders, and under pretence of judicial

authority, disturbing third parties in'the possession and enjoyment

of their property, leaving them to.the uncertain and inadequate rem-

edy of action for the trespass, against the officers, or to follow the

execution creditor, perhaps into a distant State, in qust of satisfac-

tion. If such creditor believes that the title of the party in p9s-

session is founded in fraud, and that the property is liable to his

execution, the law imposes upon him the duty of bringing his rt-

vocatory action to annul the title and subject it to the satisfaction

of his judgment. This he is bound to do first; he cannot foxe-

stall or provoke the inquiry by a seizure 'under execution ; and

should he *attemptto do so, the courts will enjoin the proceeding.

This principle has its foundation in the Roman arid Spanish laws,

and has been the established jurisprudence in Louisiana from the

, earliest period, and is free from all doubt and conflicting decisions.

It imposes no hardship on the plaintiff in the execution, because a

VOL.- V.

14

158

SUPREME COURT.

Ford v. Douglas et ah

revocatory action for cause of fraud is one of the plainest and most

simple remedies im practice in the courts of that State; in which,

if the plaintiff succeeds, the sale ii avoided, and the property re-

stored and, subjected to his claim. In such an action the parties are entitled to a jury. If the judgment be in a court of the United

States, and the creditor prefer that jurisdiction, it is submitted

that a bill on the equity side would afford every relief that his case

could require.

In support of this proposition and these views, the counsel" for

the appellees referred to the following decisions :- St. Avid v.

Wiemprender's Syndics, 9 Martin, 648 ; 2 Cond. Rep. 39 ; Bar-

barin v. Saucier, 5 Martin, (N. S.) 361; 3 Cond. Rep. 577 ;

Henry v. Hyde, 5 Martin, (N. S.) 633; 3 Cond. Rep. 689 ;

eet Morgan, 6 Martin,

S.) 137; 3 Cond. Rep. 780;

Yocum v. Bullitt, 6-Martin, (N.S 324; 3 Cond. Rep. 858 ;

Trahan v. McMannus, .2 Louis. R. 214; Childress v'. Allen, 3 ibid.

479 ; Brunet v. Duvergis, 5 ibid. 126; Samory v. Herbrard, 17

ibid. 558 ; Laville v. Hebrard, 1 Robinson's Rep. 436 ; Fisher v.

Moore, 12 ibid. 98. -In Henry v. Hyde, and Yocum v. Bullitt,

above referred to, the question arose, in a case exactly' ike the one

under consideration, where property had been seized in execution,

and an injunction bad been granted to the party claiming it by pur-

chase, from or under 'the. defendant in the execution, as the 'for-

mer owner. Indeed, injunction is the remedy expressly given by

the law of Louisiana. Code of Practice, art. 298, no. 7. . Upon these two propositions, then, and the authorities cited, the

counsel for the appellee's cbntended that the' decree of the Circuit

Court perpetuating the injunction should be affirmed. The only

effect of such a decree being to stay the proceedings on the appel-

lant's-executions, issued under his judgments at law, and put him to

his' direct action to annul the sales -and subject the property to

their paymenm-

It .was, moreover, contended that these, being the established

principles of State jurisprudence, must be considered as rules of

property in Louisiana; and therefore, under the repeated decisions

of this court, as obligatory upon the courts of the United States
as upon the State tribunals. And for this 'were cited Q Wheat.

542 ; 12 ibid. 162 ; 6 ibid. 127 ; 7.ibid. 550 ; 8 ibid. 585, 542 ;

10 ibid. 159 ; 11 ibid. 367 ; 5Cranch, 32.; 9 ibid. 98 ; 1 Peters,

360 ; 2 Howard, 619.

These were the positions and authorities on which the counsel

for the appellees relied, in the argument before referred to. A

printed brief, however, having'since been filed, with the permission

of the court, by the cousel .for the appellant, he prays leave tb

subjoin a few additional remarks.

. The greater part of this brief consists of a very labored analy-

sis of the record of the probate court, exhibited with the bill, with

JANUARY TERTU, 1847.

159

Ford v. Douglas et al.

intepit to show "collusion, combination, and fraud," on the part-of the executor of James S. Douglas and the appellees, as the purchasers of the property in controversy. Whether the learhed.dounsel has failed, or succeeded in this attempt is not material now to consider, because such an investigation assumes the very question now before the court ; that is to say, whether, in answer to a bill praying.an injunction to restrain him from levying executions upon
judgments recovered against a third person, on property the title and possession of which are alleged to be in the appellees, by pur-
chase at a judicial sale, under decrees of a court of unquestioned jurisdiction, it is competent to the appellant to a6er that such deftrees were procired by "collusion, combination, and fraud." Should-this court sustain such an answer, iii such-a. proceeding, it
*is presuned that the case would, be remanded to the Circuit Court, where the appellees will have the right, under the agreement before referred to, to join issue bn those allegations in the answer, and, under a commission, take such testimony as they may deem expedient or necessary.
The learned counsel has comprised big argutnent under three
general heads. 1. The first is as to the " effect of fraud in contaminating and
avoiding all proceedings and acts, as well sei-judicial as judicial,
had and done, contrived and procured, by fraud." This general. principle is too indisputable to have needed the support of the
numerous cases cited in the brief. If, however, the learned counsel,
in stating his propo~ition, intended to apply the phrase " semijudicial" to the proceedings in-the probate court for the parihh of
M,adison, it is only necessary to .refer to article 924 of the-Code of Practice, to show that the courts-of probate in that State hfve ex-
clusive original jurisdiction of all matters touching the'administration of the real and personal estates of deceased persons to a larger extent, perhaps, than the orphans' courts of any other State of the Uni6n. Their proceedings are, in the fullest sense, judiciil, and unless-reversed on appeal their decisions are conclusive and cannot be impeached collaterally, except, as all judicial acts may be, upon the ground of fraud. But though fraud vitiates all judicial proceed-
ings, it is surely not necessary to remind the court that he who seeks to impeach a judgment of -decree collaterally must show that he was neither a party nor a privy to it. If he stand in either of these-
relations he cannot lie permitted to allege fraud in the judgment itself, or in the mode of proceedingby which it was procured. He can only do it directly by motion for a new trial, or appeal,.or writ of error. Prudham v. Phillips, Ambler, 763 ; Bush v. Sheldon, 1 .Day) 170, which was a judgment of"an orphaus' court; Peck v.
Woodbridge, 3 Day, 30, are among the numerous cases upon this oint, collected in 3 Cowen's Phillips on Evidence, 854, note 610. tis admitted that there is no such limitation upon the operation .of-

160

StJPREME COURT.

Ford v. Douglas et al.

the general principle, where the party alleging the fraud is a stranger to the judgmeit he assails; because he has no power to reverse
such judgment by appeal. But in this ease the appellant was 't party to all the proceedings in the probate court. The law of
Louisiana makes all creditors of deceased persons parties to such proceedings. It is not necessary that they should be specially. cited
or summoned, - a general notice is all that is required ; and the record proves that notice by.advertisement was given by the judge
of probates, at every stage of the proceedings, conformably to the law and practice of the State. De Ende v. Moore, 2 Martin, (N.
S.) 336; 2 Cond. Rep. 679 ; La Fon's Exedutors v. Phillip , ibid. 225 ; ibid. 644 ;. Ancieuse v. Dugs, 3 Robinson, 453.
But further, the appellant was not merely a party in contemplation of law, but an actor in these proceedings. The record shows that on the 3d of May, 1844, he appeared by counsel, alleging him-
self a creditor, and filed an "1opposition "i to the homologation of the several accounts of the executoi, averring them to be entirely
incorrect and illegal,, and praying that they might be disallowed, and that the executor should be ordered to file an amended account in which the appellant'ought to be placed as a creditor for the arount
of his judgments in the Circuit Court. But lie'neglect'd to support his opposition by any evidence whatever, and the court very properly overruled and dismissed it with costs. It is true that the appellant, in his answer, states that the attorney had no instruetions or authority to file such a petition ; and the attorney himself ae. knowledges that fa6t. -Had this disavowal been made in the probate court in proper time, supported by affidavit, the court no doubt would have noticed it. JBut surely it cannot be contended that it can now be made, in a collateral proceeding, and before a different
tribunal. In-contemplation of law, therefore, and-in point of fact, the appellant was a party to the proceedings, fr6m which he took n" appeal, though the law allowed him one, but by his executions 'attempted, in the language of one of the cases, "to seize at once, and
by short hand," property which in the progress 6f thosu- proceedings the appellees had purchased under the sanction of judicial d&-'
crees. If he had .taken an appeal it would hav'e been cobmpetent for him to allege the frauds of. which he now complains, and, establish. ing themby proof, to set aside the whole proceedings. But that he cannot do collaterally, as he has attempted-in his answer.
Itmay be remarked, that the appellant instituted his suits in the 'Circuit Qourt; after the letters testamentary'had been granted by the court of probates to Stephen Douglas, which was on 'the .26th of -May;' 1838; at'all events, the-judgments were subsequent to the
grant.bf the letterg.: Why did he seek the.jdtrisdictidn of the Circuit "Coat ?" Not from isnordnce,-bCcause:he-states in his answer, that he "bhd expressly ordered hiJs agent toavoid the Stats courts altogether,' foP reasons .suftiien4i and to sue in'the federal courts

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

161

Ford v. Pouglas et al.

only." What reasons ? The jurisdiction of the probate courts of Louisiana has been shown, and it is so exclusive that it has been repeatedly decided by the Supreme -Court of that State, that creditors have no right to enforce their claims by action in any other forum. De Ende v. Moore, 2 Martin, (N. S.) 336 ; 2 Cond. Rep. 675-; La Fon's Executors v. Phillips, ibid. 225 ; ibid. .644; and for this just and obvious reason, that such a right would have a tendency to defeat one of the great objects of all testamentary systems, an equal distribution of assets among all the creditors of the decedent. This was, exactly -what the appellant most desiied to avoid. It was to overreach the other creditors, - to obtain more than his jusi dividend at their expense, - that, in fraud of the law of the State, he brought his suits in the Circuit Court.. If he fails in the attempt, the consequences are of his own seeking. But he has still a locus penitentiw, for, by the Civil Code of Louisiana' articles 1060, 1061,, creditors who omit or neglect to present their-claims are entitledleven after final distribution, to an equal dividend with those who have been more diligent ; to be made up by contribution from the legatees in the first instance, and if there are none, or the anont of legacies be ins'utfficient, then by the creditors who have been paid, so as to put all upon equality.
.2. The second proposition of the counsel for the appellant may b safely assented to, The plenary power of the courts of the United States to carry into execution and full effect theirjudgm'ents and decrees is unquestioned. Nor has any attempt been made, in this case, to "remit or refer" the judgments recovered by the appellant against the executor 6f James S. Douglas to the tribunals of the State of Louisiana for. execution or satisfaction 4 or to intetfere with the' rightfil jurisdiction of the Circuit:Court over thosejudgments ; or to claim that it should be regulated by any other process or execution than 'that which is prescribed by the .laws of the United States for their courts. The appellees do not deny that the writs of fieri f4cias issued regularly upon the judgments, and that the marshal acted regularly in the performance of .his duty, according to their mandate. Their only .cornplaint is, that-in obedience, not to the writs, but to the orders and directi6ns of the appellant, the marshal has seized and taken in execution their property, instead of the,-property of the defendant in the judgments ; and their only claim is to have the question of property tried by the law of -Louisiana ; not before the tribunals of that State, if the appellant should prefer the forum which he at fint selected ; but if in that forqrm, by the law of that State, which, as it-has been shown, does not permit a party to take property.in, execution, claimed by a third person, upon a suggestion or allegation of fraud, without first establisbing the fraud by judicial decision. This the appellees respectfully insist, that they have -a clear right to ask, under the provision of the thirty-fourth section of the judiciary act of 1789, in the exposition
14".

162

SUPREME COU'T;

Ford -v. Douglas et al.

of which Chief Justice Marshall, delivering the opinion of the court in Wayman v. Southard, 10 Wheat. 25, and speaking of
jUdgments in the courts of the.United States, puts the very case in the following words :--" If an officer take the -property of A. to satisfy ah execution'against B., and a suit be brought by A., the
question of property must depend entirely on the law of the State." 3. It is lastly contended, 'that the appellees were incapable in
law of becoming the purchasers of the property they now claim and that, therefore, no titld passed to them. undev the sales made in virtue of the two decrees of the court of probates. This'incapacity, it is said, arose from the fact, that Emeline Douglas, who has since intermarried with Maxwell W. Bland; was at that time the
tutrix of her minor children, aid that Archibald Douglas, the other purchaser, was their under-tutor, by the appointment of the court of probates. This ti record itself shows, and is admitted.
It is, undoubtedly, a' general rule that all qui negotia aliena gerunt are incapable of purchasing, for their own- benefit, property in which -those they represent are interested. And this not on theground of fraud, but because the law will not allow one, sustaining the character of an agent, to create in himself an interest opposite
to that of his principal. And it is admitted that this i'ule has been applied to executors, administrators, trustees,, guardiafis, tutors, curators, judicial officers,' and all other persons, who, in any rspect, *asagents, have a concern in the disposition and sale of the proper-
ty of others, whether the sale is public or private, or judicial, bona fide, or fraudulent in point of fact.
But this rule is not inflexible. Where it is for the interests of the parties concerned, a court will permit a person, standing.in any
of those relations, to become a purchaser. And, therefore, it has been frequently held that a purchase made.by a'trustee, under judicial sanction and approbation, was not on that ground to be questioned or set aside. Campbell v. Walkei, 5 Vesey, jr. 678: Prevost
v. Gratz, 1 Peters, C. C. Rep. 368 ; Jackson v. Woolsey, 11 Johns. 446 ; Gallatin v. Cunningham, 8 Cowen, 361. ,
So in Louisiana, where the general rule unquestionably prevaifs,, it has been expressly held that a mother, being tutrix of minor heirs, might lawfully become a purchaser at, a probate sale of prop-
erty belonging to her deceased husband's succession, if sanctioned by the judge within whose jurisdiction the minors have been brought; and that this sanction may be given before or after the sale. McCarty v. Steam Cotton Press C~mpany, 5 Louisiana
Rep. 16, 20. Now the record in this case shows that both sales were preced-
ed by family meetings, to deliberate and advise touching the interests of the minors ; that they recommended the. sales as necessary and expedient; that their proceedings were homologated by the judge, who thereupon ordered and decreed the sales to be

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

163

Ford v. Douglas et al.

made ; that the property was appraised by sworn appraisers ; notice of the time and place of sale regularly given ; and,-finally, that the sales were made by the judge of probates, ex officio, and. in person, and by him struck off and adjudicated to the two appellees by name, they being the actual and highest bidders for prices above
the appraisements. There can be no doubt,- therefore, that both purchases were made with the knowledge, approbation, and sanction of the court of probates, and were recognized as valid in the subsequent proceedings of the succession; and, on the authority of the decision above referred 'to, were valid by tle law of Louisiana, which, of course, must be obligatory in this case apon every other
tribunal.
But further, if there had been no such judicial sanction, it is not competent to the appellant to make the objection. A purchase by a trustee, or other fiduciary, is not absolutely void, but voidable
only. The heirs in this case are the cestui que trusts, and it is their right, and not the right of the appellant, who js, a creditor
only, and a creditoi who has renounced all benefit under these mortuary proceedings, to call in question, or set aside, the sales made to the appellees. 'Winchester v. Cain, 1 Robinson, 421 ; Prevost v. Gratz, 1 Peters, C. C. Rep. 368 ; Wilson v. Troup, 2 Cow
en, 195, 238 ; Opininn of Sutherland, J.; Davoue v. Faning, 2 Johns. Ch.Rep. 252 ; Jackson v. Woolsey, 11 Johns. 446 ; Harrington v. Brown, 5 Pick. 519 ; Defin v. McKnight, 6 Halst. 385; Gallatin v. Cunningham, 8 Cowen, 379, per Colden, 'Senator.

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court.
This is an appeal from a decree of the Circuit Court of the United States, held in and for the Eastern District of the State of Louisiana.
The complainants below, the appellees.here, filed their bill against Christopher Ford, the appellant, and Rqbertson, the marshal of the district, for the purpose of obtaining injunctions to stay proceedings upon the several judgments and executions, which Ford had recovered in the Circuit Court of the United States against one Stephen Douglas, as executor of J. S. Douglas, deceased.
The judgments amounted to some'$ 18,000, and the marshal had levied upon two plantations, and'the slaves thereon, of which the testator, J. S. Douglas, had died seizel and possessed.
The bill set forth.that Stephen Douglas, against whom the judgments had been recovered, neither in his own right nor as execlutor of J. S. Douglas, deceased, had any title to or interest in the plantations and slaves which had been seized under and by virtue of the
*said executions ; and that the same formed no part or portion of the succession of the testator in the hands of the said executors to be administered. But that the whole of the said plantations and slaves, including the crops of cotton, -and all other things thereon, were

164

SUPREME COURT.

Ford v. Douglas et al.

the true and lawful property of the complainants ; that they were in the lawful possession of the same, and had been for a long time before the issuing of the executions and seizure complained of ; and had acquired the said property, and the title theretd, at a probate sale of all the property belonging to the estate and succession of the said testator, - which sale was lawfully made, and vested in the complainants a good and valid title. All which would appear by the proces verbal of the said- adjudications, and the mortuary, proceedings annexed to and forming a part of the bill.
An injunction was granted, in pursuance of the prayer of the bill, staying all proceedings on the judgments rendered in the three several suits, and also on the executions issued thereon against the prop-
erty. Christopher Ford, the adjudged creditor, in answer to the bill,
denied the validity of the probate sales of the plantations and slaves to the complainants ; and charged that they were effected, and the pretended title thereto acquired, by fraud and covin between the executor, Stephen Douglas, and the executrix, the widow of the tes-. tator, and one of the complainants, for the purpose of hindering and defrauding the creditors of the estate ; that in furtherance of this design a large amount of simulated and fraudulent claims of the executor and executrix were presented against the guccession,
to wit, $ 53,000 and upwards in favor of the former, and $ 76,000
and upwards in fa-or of the latter, which were received and allowed by the probate, court without 'ny vouchers or legal evidence of
the genuineness of the debts against the estate ; that- these simulated and fraudulent claims were 'made 'the foundation of an appli-
cation to the said probate court for an order to sell the two plantations, and slaves thereon, under whom the widow and one Archibald Douglas became the purchasers at the probate sale; that neither had paid any part of the purchase-money to the executor or probate court ; and which was the only' title of the complainants
to the property in question, upon which the -defendant had caused the executions to be levied.
In confirmation of the fraud, thus alleged in the probate sales in
the parish of Madison and State of Louisiana, the defendant further charges, that the testator died seized and possessed, also, of a large plantation and slaves and personal property therein situate in the county of Claiborne and State of Mississippi, inventoried at upwards of $ 70,000, besides notes and accounts to the amount of
$ 161,000 and upwards, that the said plantations and slaves were,
on application of Stephen Douglas, the executor, to the probate court in that State, and an order for that purpose obtained, sold, and purchased in by the widow and executrix for about the sum of $40,000, and that the personal estate of $ 161,000 and upwards, of notes and accounts, were not, and have not been, accounted for
by the-executor to the court of probate.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

165

Ford v. Douglas et al.

In short, according to the answer of the defendant, the estate and successiop of the deceased debtor, inventoried at about the
sum of $300,000, and for aught that appears available to that
amount, has been sold and transferred through the instrumentality and agency of family connections, under color of proceedings apparently in due form in the prbbate court, into the hands of the widow and a brother of the deceased, without adequate consideration, if consideration at all, and with the intent to hinder, delay, and defraud the creditors of the estate, and particularly the defendant.
The complainants excepted to the answer filed by the defendant, because the matters and doings set forth therein could not, in law,
be inquired into in the present suit, or proceedings instituted by the said complainants, and prayed that they might have the benefit of their injunction, and that it might be made perpetual.
And thereupon it was agreed that the-case might be set down for argument on the matters of law arising on the bill and answer,; and that if the judgment of the court in matters of law. should be for the defendant, the complainants might join issue on the fact, and testi-
mony be taken in the usual manner.
The court, after argument of counsel, decreed that the exception of the complainants to the defendant's answer was well taken, and gave leave to answer over, which was declined ; and, therefore, the
court adjudged and decreed that the injunction theretofore awarded in the case should be made perpetual ; and it was further adjudged
and decreed that complainants recover the costs of suit, without prejudice to the right of the defendant to any action he might think
proper.
The decision of the court below, and the view which we -havetaken of the case here, do not inu-olve the question, whether the matters set forth in the answer sufficiently established the fact that a fraud had been committed by the comp}ipLnants against creditors, in the several sales and transfers of the property in question, through the instrumentality of the probate court, nor, as it respects the effect of the fraud, if established, upon the title derived under these sales. If the case depended upon the decision of these
questions, we entertain little doubt as to the judgment that should
be given.
The ground of the decision below, and of the argument here, is, that the complainants were not bound to answer the allegations of fraud against their title, in the aspect. in wrhich the case was presented to the court ; that a title derived under a public sale, in due form of law, by the probate judge, protected them in the full and peaceable possession and enjoyment of the property until the conveyance was vacated and set aside by a direct proceeding instituted for that purpose; and that this step, on the part of the judgment
creditors, was essential, upon the established law of the State of

166

SUPREME COURT.

Ford v. Douglas et al.

Louisiana, before he could subject the property to the satisfaction of his judgment.
We have, accordingly, looked into the law of that State on this
subject, and find the principle contended for well settled and uniformly applied by its courts in cases like the present. The judgment creditor is not permitted to treat a conveyance from the defendant in the judgment made by authentic act, or in pursuance of a judicial sale of the succession by a probate judge, as null and void, and to seize and' sell the property which had thus passed to the vendee. The law requires that he should bring an action to set the alienation aside, and succeed in the same, before be can levy his
execution. And so firmly settled and fixed is this principle in the jurisprudence of Louisiana, as a rule of. property, and as administered in the courts of that State,-that even if the sale and conveyance by authentic act, or in pursuance of a judicial sale, are confessedly fraudulent and void, still no title passes to a purchaser under the judgment and execution, not a creditor of the vender, so as to enable him to attack the conveyance and obtain possession of the property. .Ineffect the sale, if permitted to take place, is null and void, and passes no tile. Henry v. Hyde, 5 Martin, (N. S.) 633; Yocum v. Bullitt, 6 ibid. 324 ; Peet v. Morgan, 6 ibid. 137; Childres v. Allen, 3 Louisiana Rep. 477; Brunet v. Duvergis, 5 ibid. 124 ; Samory v. Hebrard et al., 17 ibid. 558.
The-case cf Yocum v. Bullitt et al., among many above referred to, is like the one before us.
The court there say :-- " The record shows that the slaves bad
been conveyed by the defendant in the execution by a sale under the private signature recorded in the office of the parish judge of St. Landry, where the sale was, made. If the sale was fraudulent it must be regularly set aside by a suit 'instituted for that purpose ; that it was not less a sale and binding upon third parties until declared null in an action which the law gives (Curia Phil. Revocatoria, n. 2) ; that the possession of the vendee was a legal one, until avoided in due course of law." The court further remarked,
that -" The same point had been' determined at the preceding term, in which it had been held that a conveyance alleged to be fraudulent could not be tested by the seizure of the property or estate belonging to the vender, but an action must be brought to aniul
the conveyance." The principle runs through all the cases in the books of reports
in that State, and has its foundation in thpe Civil Code (art. 1965, 1973, 1984), and in the Code of Practice (§ 3, art. 298, 301, 604, 60!7), and in Stein v.Gibbons &-'Irby (16 Louisiana Rep. 103). And from the course of decision on the subject it is to be regarded not merely as a rule of practice, or mode of proceeding in the enforcement of civil rights, which *ould not be binding, upon this court, but as a rule of property that affects the title and estate of'

JANUIARY TERM, 1847.

167

Ford v. Douglas et al.

the vendee, and cannot, therefore, be dispensed with without dis-
turbing one of the securities upon which the rights of property depend. It gives strength and stability to its possession and enjoyment, by forbidding'the violation of either, except upon legal proceedings property instituted for the purpose. Neither can be disturbed, except.by judgment of law. For this purpose ' the appropriate action is given, providing for the secession of all contriacts, 'as well as for revoking all judgments when founded in fraud
of the rights of creditors.
In this court, a bill filed' in the equity code is the appropriate remedy to set aside the conveyance. In the present case a. cross bill should have been filed, setting forth the matters contained in
the answer of the defendant. The vendees would then have had an -opportunity "t answer the allegations of fraud charged in the bill, and, if denied, the parties could have gone to their proofs, and the case disposed of upon the merits.
It is said that in some of the western States an answer like the one in question would be regarded by their courts in the nature of a
cross bill, upon which t6-found' proceedings for the "purliose of setting aside the fraudulent conveyance. But the practice in this court is otherwise, -and more in conformity with the established course of proceeding in a court of equity.
We are of opinion, therefore, that the appellant mistook his rights in attempting to raise the question of fraud in the probate sales in his answer to the injunction bill ; and that instead thereof he should have filed a cross bill, and have thus instituted a direct proceeding for the purpose of settik0 aside the sales and subjecting the property to his judgments and executions ; and that in this respect, and to
this extent, the decree of the court below was correct. But on looking into the decree, 'we are apprehensive that it has
been carried further than the assertion of the principle which we are disposed to uphold, and which may seriously embarrass the appellant in the pursuit of a xemedy that is yet clearly open: to him.
The injunction issued, on filing the .bill of complainants, com-
manded the appellant to desist from all further proceedings on,his three judgments, or on the executions issued against the, property ;
anld the court; on the coming in of the answer, has decr~ed that the same be made perpetual. And further, that the complainants re-
cover the costs of suit, without prejudice to the right of the defendant to any action he may think proper.
It is at least a matter of dubt, and might be of litigation hereafter, uhether, upon the broad. and absolute terms of the decree 'used in enjoining the proceedings, the party is not concluded from further proceedings against the property in question5 founded upon
these judgments Pnd executions.
They must constitute the foundation of his right and title,..upon filing'a cross, bill, to any relief, that he may hereafter show himself

168

SUPREME COURT.

Gear v. 'Parish.

entitled to. The saving clause may not be regarded as necessarily leaving a proceeding of this description open to him. A question might also be raised, whether the' judgments are not so effectually enjoined, as to prevent their enforcement againsf property of the judgment debtor not in controversy in this suit. At all events, we 'think it due to the appellant, and to justice, looking at the nature and character of the transaction and proceeding as developed in te'pleadings, that the case should be cleared of all doubts and dispute upon this point. We shall, therefore, reverse the decree, and remit the proceedings to the court below, with direction that all further proceedings on the three judgments and executions be stayed, as it respects the property Seized and in question, but that the appellant have liberty to file a cross bill, and take such further pro-
ceedings thereon as he may be advised.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed, with costs, and that this cause be and the 'same is hereby remanded to the aid Circuit Court, with directions to that court that all further proceedings on the tbree judgments and executions be stayed, as it respects the property seized and in question ; but that the appellant have liberty to file a cross bill, and to take such further proceedings thereon as he may be advised ; and that such further proceedings be had in this cause, in conformity to the opinion*of this cour.t, as to law and justice shall appertain.

HEzEKiu H. GtAR, APPELLANT, V. THONAS J. PARIsH.
In this case, the pleadings and proofs show that a mortgage executed by the'debtor to the creditor was really for an unascertained balance of accounts, which the sum named in the mortgage was supposed to be sufficient to cover.
'As it did not prove to be sufficient, and the creditor obtained a judgment against the debtor for the residue, the payment of the sum named in the mortgage was no reason for an injunction to stay proceedings upon the judgment.
THIS was an appeal from the judgment of the Supreme Court of the Territory of Wisconsin, sitting as a court of.chancery.
Parish filed a bill in the District Court of Iowa County, Territory of Wisconsin, for the purpose of compelling Gear to enter satisfaction of a certain mortgage executed by the former to 'him, or to reconvey the premises therein, charging, that it had been'fully paid and satisfied ; and for the purpose, also, of a perpetual stay of

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

233

Taylor et al. r. Benham.

WLLAM TAYLOR, GEORGE TAYLOR, WILLIAM PRIMROSE, AND ELIZA, HIS WIFE, GEORGE PORTER, AND ELSPET, HIS -WIFE, WILLIAM RAINEY, ALEXANDER RAINEY, AND ELIZABETH RAINEY, COMPLAINANTS AND APPELLANTS, V. VINCENT 1M. BENHrA,, ADMINISTRATOR DE BONIS NON, WITH THE WILL ANNEXED, OF SAMUEL SAVAGE, DECEASED, RESPONDENT AND APPELLEE.
VINCENT M. BENHAM, &d.c,v. GEORGE TAYLOR, &c.
By the laws of Alabama, an administrator de honis non, with the will annexed, is liable for assets in the hands of a former executor.
Where an executor has settled what appears to be a final account, it must b2 a very strong case of fraud proved in such a settlement, or of clear accident or mistake, to make it just to reopen and revise the account after the lapse of twenty years and the death of the 'arties concerned.
Where a person who held land as trustee directed by his will that the whole of the property that he may die seized and possessed o; or may be in any wise belonging to him, should be sold, the executors had power to sell the land held in trust, as well as that belonging to the testator in his own right.
The trustee, by his will, having appointed residuary legatees, must be considered aS devising the trust as well as the lands to these residuary legatees, who thus became themselves trustees for the original cestui gut trust.
The power in the executors to sell was a power coupled with a trust. It might also be considered as a power coupled with an interest. The distinction between these powers adverted t6. In order to avoid an escheat, and carry out the wishes of the testator, a court of
equity will, if necessary, consider land as money, where a testator, who is a trustee,-has directed the land to be sold, and will direct the proceeds to be given to the cestui que trust. Whether the executor had a power to sell coupled with a trust, or a power coupled with an interest, the residuary legatees took by devise and not by descent, although they were supposed to be also the eestui gue trusts. If therefore, they were aliens, the land did not escheat on the death of the trustee, because land taken by devise does not. escheat until office found, although land cast by descent does. The testator, who held the lands as trustee, having died in South Carolina, the executor took out letters testamentary in that State, gold the lands which were in Kentucky, and then removed his residence to Alabama He can be sued in Alabama for the.proceeds of the lands, because his transactions in reference to them were not necessarily connected with the settlement of the estate under his letters testamentary. Having sold the lands and received the consideration, he must be responsible to the residuary legatees. An objection that only one executor sold (there having originally been four) cannot be sustained. Where a power is coupled with a trust, it is only necessary to show such a case as may,'in a court of equity, make an agent or trustee liable to those for whom he acts. As much strictness is not iequired as there would be if the power to sell were a naked one, and not coupled with an interest or trust. Apower to sell, coupled either with an interest or trust, survives to the surviving executor. So also, if all the trdstees or executors in such a case decline to act, except one. When a sale is made under a will, the omission to record the will does not vitiate the sale, unless recording is made necessary by a local statute. The land being in fact sold by the executor, claiming a right to do so under the will, and the purchase money being received by him, he is responsible to the cestui qua trusts for the money thus received. The reception of an additional sum, as purchase money, by them, with a reservation of the right to sue the executor, is not an avoidance of the first sale by the executor. But the executor is not responsible for more monoy than he received, with interest, unless in case of very supine negligence or wilful default. A claim for dmgo would also be subject to the operation of the statute of limitations.
20*

234

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et al. v. Ben .m.

If the executor himself did not set up a claim, as an offset, for his persoLal expenses, his representative cannot do it, under the circumstances of this case.
The-cestui que trusts residing in a foreign country, the statdte of limitations did not begin to run until a demand was made upon the executor for the money. His retaining it during that time is no evidence that he did not intend to account for it.
Although the bill made no distinction between the two characters in which the executor acted, namely, as executor proper, and as executor having a power coupled with a trust, yet as no objection was taken in the court below upon this ground, this court does not think that an amendment is imperatively necessary. The material facts are alleged upon which the claim rests.

THESE cases were twice before partially brought to the notice of the court, and are reported in 1 How. 282, and 2 How. 395.
They were cross appeals fiom the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Alabama, sitting as a court of
equity. The bill was originally filed by Samuel Taylor, the father of
William, George, Eliza, and Elspet," together with his nephews, William Rainey, Alexander Rainey, and his niece, Elizabeth Rainey, against George M. Savage, executor of Samuel Savage, deceased. The object of the bill was to bold the estate of Samuel Savage responsible for.certain moneys which, it was alleged, he had received during his lifetime, in his capacity of executor of William F. Taylor, a citizen of the State of South Carolina, and also for his alleged neglect bf lands in Kentucky, by which they were lost.
The record was very voluminous, as a great mass of evidence was filed in the court below, all of which was brought up to this
court. The claim divided itself into two distinct branches, one arising
from transactions in South Carolina, where William F. Taylor, the testator, died, and where letters, testamentary were taken out by Samuel Savage ; and the other from transactions in the State of Kentucky. Each of these branches will be stated separately.
William F. Taylor resided in South Carolina, where he had been naturalized in 1796. Savage lived with him for some time, and afterwards continued to reside in the vicinity. In 1811, Taylor died, leaving a will, which was admitted to probate on the I Ith of
August, 1811. At the"time of his death, the brother and sister. of the testator,
namely, Samuel Taylor and Mary Taylor, were both alive, married, and had issue. Their children ultimately became parties to this suit, and their names are in the title of the case. Samuel Taylor bad two sons, namely, William and George, and two daughters, na4nely, Ezzz, who int"rmarried with William Primrose, and Ilspet,
who intermarried with George Porter. Mary Taylor intermarried with William Rainey, and hei issue were two sons and a daughter, namely, William, Alexander, and Elizabeth.
The first section of William F. Taylor's will was as follows,
namely :-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

235

Tay'lor et al. v. Benham.

"First. I do hereby order, will, and direct, that [on] the firpt day of January, first after my decease, or as near that day as can conveniently be, that the whole of the property that I may die -seized and possessed of, or may in any wise belong to me, be sold on the following terms and conditions, that is to say: All the personal property on a credit of twelve months from the day of sale, pur-
chasers giving notes of hand or bonds, with security, to the satisfaction of my executors ; and all landed or real property belonging, or in any wise appertaining to me, shall be sold on a credit of one, two, and three years, by equal instalments, purchasers to give bond, bearing interest from the date, with securities to the satisfaction of my executors, and, moreover, a mortgage on the premises."
The second section gave a legacy to his negro woman Sylvia.
The third and fourth sections also bequeathed legacies to partic-
ular individuals.
The fifth and sixth sections were as follows: " Fifthly. I do heieby will, order, give, grant, and devise all the remainder or residue of my estate which shall be remaining, after paying the before-mentioned legacies, to my dearly beloved brother,
Samuel Taylor, of the parish of Drumblait and shire of Aberdeen, in Scotland, and to my beloved sister, Mary Taylor, of the same place, share and share alike, provided they shall both be alive at the time of my decease, and have issue, which issue, after their respective deaths, shall share the same equally ; but if either the
said Samuel Taylor or said Mary Taylor shall die without issue, then the survivor, or, if both shall be dead, the issue of the said Samuel Taylor or Mary Taylor, whichsoever shall leave the same, shall be entitled to the whole of'the said remainder or residue of my said- estate, share and share alike.
"1And sixthly and lastly. I do hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint my friends, Samuel Savage, Esquire, of the district of Abbeville and State of South Carolina, Patrick- McDowell, of the city of Savannah and State of Georgia, merchant, Duncan Matheson and William Ross, of the city of Augusta and State of Georgia, merchants, executors of this my last will and testament; hereby revoking and making void all former wills and testaments, at any time by me heretofore made, and do declare this to be my last
will and testament." The executors all qualified as such. No bond was given, as
neither the laws of the State nor the practice of the court required
a bond from an executor under a will. " This narrative will treat, Ist. Of the transactions in South CarQlina where all the execu-
tors acted.
2d. Of the Kentucky lands, where Savage acted alone. I. With respect to what was done in South Carolina.
On the 30th of September, 1811, an inventory and appraisement were made of.the goods and chattels of the deceased. But as the

236

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et al. ir. Benham.

amount was not added up, it cannot properly be stated ; and on the 18th of January, 1812, an additional inventory and appraisement were made, which latter amounted to $808.12. A list of notes and accounts due to the estate was also handed in by Savage, as one of the executors. Ross also filed a list of notes, bonds, and
open accounts belonging to the estate, in his possession. In January, 1812, the four executors made sales of the real and
personal property, amounting to $24,011.46, and returned a list thereof to the Court of Ordinary. The law at that time did not require an account of sales to he recorded. After this, McDowell did not appear, by the record, to have any further participation in the settlement of the estate.
Savage, Matheson, and Ross, each filed separate accounts. Those of Matheson and Ross will be disposed of before taking up those of Savage.
Matheson filed but one account, namely, on the 50th March, 1813, by which a balance was due to the executor of $281.76.
Ross filed three accounts, namely :-

1813, March 30th. 1814, April 4th. 1815, April 4th.

Balance due 'the estate,

"

"

"

"

"

"

$4,034.80 6,093.63 6,299.77

Ross does not appear to have filed any further accounts, and what became of this balance the record does not show. It does not appear to have been paid over to Savage ; but the complaimants, in their bill, disavowed all claim against Ross.
Savage filed ten accounts, one in each year till 1818, April 22. The last-mentioned account was as follows :-

DR. The Estate of Win. F. Taylor, deceased, with Samuel CR.

Savage, Executor.

1818.

March 11, V To cash paid ordinary,

-

- $1.75

V " cash paid Butler & Brooks, - - 23.621

V " cash paid Butler & Harmond,

16.00

14, V " cash paid James Day, - - -

2.50

" expenses to Edgefield court-house,

and to Augusta,

-

-

- 25.25

22, V " cash paid M. Mims, clerk, &c.,

for cost,

-

-

-

17.18

V " cash paid the clerk, -

1.561

My commissions on $ 10,393.421, at 21, -

c

c

87.871, -

-

87.87 259.82
2.18

$ 349.871

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

237

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

March 22, V Cash paid the ordinary, - - -

1.182

Expenses at Edgefi6ld court-house, -

5.00

April 22, V Cash paid Adam Hutchinson, attorney

for the parties interested, - -

10,037.361

1818. March 14,

$10,043.55

By balance due the. estate, as per last

return, .

.

..

. 9,966.971

" cash received of adm'r L. Hammond, - 180.00

" cash received of adm'r Win. Hall, it

being the balance of his bond and

interest, after deducting $ 200, under

a compromise of, a land case, -

246.45

10,393.421

Deduct amount from the other side,

349.873

10,043.55

Amount balanced, $10,043.55

The account current, received in the ordinary's office on the

oath of Samuel Savage, executor, the 22d April,. 1818, and find

vouchers for-every item marked with the letter V on the left hand

margin.

Jxo. SimxiNs, 0. E. D.

At the time of filling this account, there was filed also the following receipt : -
"Received of Samuel Savage, executor of the estate of Win. F. Taylor, deceased, the sum of ten thousand and thirty-seven dollars and thirty-six and one quarter cents, in full of his actings and doings on the said estate up to this date, as per his account current this day rendered to the ordinary of Edgefiold district. I say, received by me this twenty-second of April, anno Domini 1818.
SAMUEL TAYLOR, WILLIAM RAINEY, and
MARY RAINEY, his wife. Per ADAM HUTCHINSON,
Their .Sttorney."
These acc6unts of Savage have been stated together, in order not to make a break in the narrative. It will be necessary now to go back in the order of time.
On the 14th of February, 1815, Savage applied, by petition, to one of the judges of the Court of Equity in South Carolina for authority to loan out the funds of the estate, praying the court to make such order as might seem equitable and just. Whereupon the

238

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et al. V. Benham.

court passed an order that the petitioner should lend out the money on a credit of twelve months, on such good security as- he might approve of.
At some time in the year 1815, Samuel Taylor came to the United States.
On the 9th of February, 1816, he executed the following pa-
per -

"GEORGIA, City of .itgusta: " Whereas, Samuel Savage, one of the executors of the last will
and testament of William F. Taylor, late of Edgefield district, South Carolina, deceased, and Samuel Taylor, brother of the said William F. Taylor,-deceased, for himself, and in behalf of his sister, Mary Rainey, and her husband, William Rainey, of Scotland, being desirous of adjusting the affairs of said estat6, so far as have come to the 'hands of the said Samuel Savage, consent and agree that the said executor shall pay over to the said Samuel Taylor, at this time, as much money as he can spare, and on or before the first of April ensuing, to pay over all the moaey that may be collected on account of said estate. The said Samuel Taylor, for himself, and in behalf of his said sister Mary and her said husband, doth hereby consent and agree, on receiving from the said executor all the moneys that can be collected by the first of April next, to allow the said executor two years from this time to clo -e the remaining business of said estate ; and for the money heretofore deposited in the Bank of Augusta, and which has since been put out at interest, no interest will be required of the said executor for said money during the time the same remained in bank; and [on] all moneys which may be collected hereafter by the said executor, no interest will be requited, provided the same shall be paid over to the said Samuel Taylor, or his lawful agent, in a reasonable time after the same shall have been collected. The said executor hath permission to compromise all d6ubtful claims or debts due to the said William F.
T, loi in his lifetime, or any litigated cases relating to the recovery of lands in South Carolina.
"Given under my hand, this 9th of February, 1816.
SAMUEL TAYLOR, For himself, and for my sister,
MARY RAINEY, and
WILLIAM IRAINEY, her husband. "Test: NICHOLAS WARE." -

On the day of the execution of the above, namely, the 9th of Februaryf 1816, Savage paid to-Taylor $ 5)300, and on the 26th of March following, the further sum of $ 4,700, both of which are entered in the account settled on the 3d of February, 1817, with the Court of Ordinary.
On the 2d of April, 1816, Samuel-Taylor executed a power of

JANUARY TERM,, 1847.

239

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

atto "y to Adam Hutchinson -and Peter Bennock, or either of them, authorizing them to receive on behalf of his sister, Mary Rainey, and her husband, William Raihey, all sums of money which were, are, or may become due and owing to the estate of the late William F. Taylor, and to sue for or prosecute all actions necessary for the recovery of a real estate in the State of Kentucky belonging to him, the said Taylor, and his sister.
On the 26th of September, 1817, Savage addressed a-letter to Taylor, representing that there was great difficulty in .collecting
money due to the estate, his anxiety to brinj the matter to a settlement, that during the winter he would be able to pay three or four thousand dollars, but that he must advance it out of money arising
from the sale of a tract of land of his own, &c., &c., &c. On the 22d of April, 1818, Savage paid to Hutchinson the sum
of $ 10,037.36, as already mentioned.
In 1818, Savage went to Kentucky, and we pass on to the other
branch of the complainants' claim; namely, 2. Transactions respecting Kentucky lands. In order to understand the position of William Forbes Taylor,
the testator, with regard to these lands, it will be necessary to recur to the original and subsequent titles.
On the 25th of May, 1786, Patrick Henry, governor of Virginia, in consideration of six land-office treasury-warrants, as well as by virtue and in consideration of a military warrant under the king of Great Britain's proclamation of 1763, granted to Daniel Broadhead, junior, a tia't of land containing four thousand four hundred acres,
beginning, &c., &c., &c.
On the 30th of "September, 1786, Broadhead conveyed the land to William Forbes, of the city of Philadelphia, in consideration of the sum of £ 183, Pennsylvania currency.
On the 19th of February, 1794, Forbes conveyed the land to John Phillips, for the consideration of £37 1Os.
Ou the 3d of June, 1802, John Phillips conveyed the same land
to Mary Forbes, widow and administratrix of William Porbes, deceased, in trust for the right heir or heirs of the above-named William Forbes. The consideration was one dollar.
On the 17th of September, 1805, Mary Forbes, widow, and administratrix, conveyed the land to William Forbes Taylor, of Soutfi Carolina, in trust for the right heir of William Forbes, deceased. The consideration was one dollar.
In 1808, Taylor went to Kentucky and caused. about thirty ejectments to be brought against the occupants of the land.
In 61 1, William F. Taylor died.
On the 14th of September, 1815, Mary Taylor, otherwise Rainey, and her husband; William Rainey, executed a power of attorney to Patrick McDowell and Samuel Taylor, authorizing them to sue for, &c., all houses' and lands which belonged to Wil-

240

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et al. v, Benham.

]iam Forbes. The power contained the recital of a pedigree, by which Mary Taylor claimed to be the niece and one of the heirs of William Forbes, deceased, and of his intestate son, Nathaniel
Forbes. In 1818, Samuel Savage, the executor of Taylor, went to Ken-
tucky, and whilst there executed two deeds, one to Alexander McDonald and others, and one to Zachariah Peters and others, for portions of the land in question. The sums which he is stated in the deeds to have received are $800 in one case, and $ 1,318 in the other.
In 1818, Savage "removed from South Carolina to Tennessee,
and afterwards to Alabama. In 1836, William Primrose, who had married Eliza Taylor, the
daughter of Samuel Taylor, went to Kentucky and made a-compromise with many of the settlers on the land.
In June, 1857, Primrose visited Savage in Alabama and inquired what had become of the Kentucky lands, to which Savage replied that they had n~ver been sold ; but upon the production of the two deeds above mentioned, admitted that he had executed them, but denied that he had ever received any money for them.
In December, 1837, Savage died, and George M. Savage be-
came his executor. On the 1st September, 1838, the- bill in this case was filed by
Samuel Taylor, William Rainey, Alexander Rainey, and Elizabeth Rainey (all of whom were aliens, residing in Scotland), against George M. Savage, the executor of Samuel Savage, deceased.
The bill states that William F. Taylor, who was a* native of Scotland, but a naturalized citizen of the United States, died in the Edgefield district, in South Carolina, about the year 1811, having first made his last will, which was duly proved and admitted to record before the Court of Ordinary in the Edgefield district, on the 11th day of August, 1811, and appointed Patrick McDowell, Dunean Matheson, William Ross, and Samuel Savage his executors, who, on the said 11th August, 1811, were duly qualified as such, and took upon themselves the trust reposed in them.
By the provisions of the will, the bill further states, after the payment of sundry legacies, all of which it is suggested were paid, the testator gave, granted, and devised all the remainder or residue of his estate, remaining after tfie payment of said legacies, to his biother, Samuel Taylor, of the parish of DrumBlait, and shire of Aberdeen, in Scotland, and to his sister, Mary Taylor, of the same place; share and share alike ; provided, that both of them were alive at the time of the testator's death, and have issue, which issue, after the respective deaths of his brother and sister, were to share the same equally ; but if either of them should die without issue, then the survivor, or, if both should be dead, the issue of said Samuel and
Mary, were to be entitled to the whole of the remainder or residue of said estate, share and share alike.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

241

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

The bill further states, that the.residuary legatees were alive at

the time of the testator's death that they were both legally mar-

ried, and respectively had issue ; that the sister, Mary Taylor, is

dead, and that the complainants, William, Alexander, and Elizabeth

Rainey, are her issue.

The bill further states, that the executors executed their trusts

severally ; that Matheson and Ross departed this life, the first in

1812, and the last in 1816 ; that the principal part of the business

appertaining to the estate in Georgia was under the management of

McDowell, and that in South Oarolina under that of Savage ; that

Matheson and Ross fully settled their accounts in their lifetime, and

that the balances due from them have been fully paid to the com-

plainants.

The bill further states, that the bulk of the testator's estate was

in South Carolina, and was managed, as befbre mentioned, by Sav-

age, and that an amount.of property belonging to the estate, equal
in value to $ 100,000, went into Savage's hands, of which the sum

of fifty thousand dollars has never been accounted for.

The bill further states, that, at the time of the testator's death,

Savage was justly indebted to him, on open account; as stated on

the testator's books, in the sum of $ 789.70, which was never no-

ticed in the inventory of Savage as returmed to the ordinary ; that

he received, in cash on band at the time of the testator's death, the
sum of $ 681.7.5, of which no return was ever made by Savage ;

and that Savage fraudulently concealed his indebtednbss, and the

receipt of the last-mentioned sum of money. In proof 'of these

statements, an inventory and appraisement of the effects of the tes-

tator in South Carolina are exhibited, from which, it is alleged, it

will appear that no returns were made of the last-mentioned liabili-

ties, and from which it will also appear, as it is further alleged, no

returns were made of debts due to the estate, although a large

·amount of debts due-by bond, note, and account came to Savage's

hands.

Th6 complainants charge, that there is no account of sales re-

turned to the Court of Ordinary by Savage ; that a large quaniity of

valuable land in South Carolina was sold by the"executors, the pro-

ceeds of which, to the amount of several thousand dollars, went into

Savage's hands, and have never been accounted for ; that they have

examined the records of the said Court of Ordinary, and cannot find

that any final settlement was ever made therein by Savage ; that

only partial accounts were rendered by him, of which they file

transcripts as exliibits, marked from 1 to 10 ; that an item of

10,037.55, in exblit 10, which is alleged to have been paid to

the attorney in fact of the complainants, is untrue ;. and they require

proof, not only of the payment, but of the authority of Hutchinson

(the person to whom it purports to bale been paid), to receive it ;

that the exhibit 10 appears to be the last attempt, on the part of

VOL. V.

21

242

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

Savage, to render an account ; and they charge the fact to be, that Savage retained $3,232.31, for commissions and travelling expenses, without charging himself with any interest on the amount of money received by him, which alone would amount to the sum of $ 5,000, up to the time that Savage alleges it to have been paid qyer by him to the legatees ; and that amount, at least, with interest th. the time of filing the bill, the complainants claim as their ubdisputed right.
The complainants further charge, that in the year 1818 Savage removed to Tennessee ; that, in the same year, he went to Kentucky, where the testator had lands to a large amount and of great value ; that he then fraudulently represented himself to be the only surviving executor of the said estate, although McDowell was still living ; and that, regardless of the provisions of the will requiring the lands to be sold on a credit of one, two, and three years, with securities and a mortgage on the premises sold, Savage sold for cash 1,059 acres of the land for the sum of $2,118 ; in proof of which they refer to exhibits D and C, which are copies of deeds executed by Savage to Alexander McDonald and others, to Zachariah Peters and others, of record in Kentucky.
They charge these lands to have been then worth eight-dollars per acre, and would have-sold for that, if the terms of thb will'had been complied with ; and that the lands were worth at the time of filing the bill forty dollars an acre.
They further state that Savage, shortly after these sales, removed to Lauderdale county,' Alabarna, where he resided until his death, which occurred about the month of December, 1837 ; that he never made any.r~turn of said sales, but- fraudulently concealed them from the" complainants ; thatPrimrose, the attorney in fact of the complainants, inquired of Savage, a few months before his death, if any thing had ever been done with the Kenfficky lands, and that he fraudulently answered that they were unavailable, and had never been sold ; which statement he continued, t6 make until the deeds were shown to him, and he then acknowledged he had sold them.
They further state, that the quantity of lands actually embraced in the deeds C and D was dt least two hundred acres more than the quantity mentioned therein ; that besides the lands above referred to, the testator had, in Kentucky, other lands to the amount of thirty thousand acres, more or less, of the value of $ 500,000, all of which cbuld have been' sold by Savage, or by proper diligence secured to the estate ; that he neglected to attend to the last-mentioned lands ; that after they were secured to the testator by judgments at law, bills in chancery were filed by the settlers thereon, in the Kentucky courts, and through the gross neglect of Savage, decrees were permitted to go in their favor, and the lands were lost.
They further state, that George M. Savage had become the personal representative of Samuel Savage, and they make him a defendant to the bill.

JANUARY TERMf, 1847.

243

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

Finally. They pray for an account, and that the defendant, the
executor, be decreed to pay the amount due from Samuel Savage ; that he be decreed to pay either the actual value of the'Kentcky lands sold by Samuel Savage, or their present ialue, with interest ; together with the value of the lands lost by Samuel Savage's
negligence. On the 25th March, 1839, George M. Savage, the defendant,
filed his answer.
The answer denies that Samuel Savage undertook the execution of the will or the trusts therein, as regarded any property or effects whatever of the testator, or other duty, beyond the limits of South Carolina. On the contrary, as far as he had knowledge or belief, the will was never admitted to record or proven in any other State than South Carolina, nor did the executors qualify in any oth er State ; and he expressly states, that they did not qualify, n6r was the will ever proven or recorded, in Kentucky, to the defendant's
knowledge ; nor was it the right or duty of the executors .to interfere with the testator's property situated in any foreign jurisdiction, beyond the limits of South Carolina, where-the testator was domi-
ciled at the time of his death." The answer declines admitting that Samuel or Mary T aylor, or
either, took any estate or interest in the property of the testator under the will, or that they are in any manner entitled under the same. On the contrary, he charges that the bequests in the will are v6id, and vest no interest or estate either in the said Samuel or
Mary, either as legatees or otherwise, or in the complainanfs. Nor is it admitted that the complainants are the next of kin, having right to prosecute this suit ; but, on the contrary, the supposed claim of Mary Taylor could only be prosecuted through the authority of her personal representative, legally appointed in the courts of the United States.
The defendant further states, that it is not true that the principal part of the business of the estate in South Carolina was under the management of Samuel Savage, exclusively; on the contrary, the four executors jointly executed and filed in the Court of Ordinary of the Edgefield district a true and perfect inventory of the estate, together with an account of sales of both real and personal estate,
as appears by the exhibits L and M. The defendant further states, that SamueI Savage had nothing to
do with the estate in Georgia ; that the property both real and personal in South Carolina, which came or ought to have come to the hands of the said Savage, was truly accounted for; as also appears b.y exhibits L and M, and the various settlements made by Savage from time to time in the Court of Ordinary, which are contained in
exhibit N.
The defendant denies that there was any property or estate, or other effects- of the testator, in South Cdrolina, which was not ac-
counted for in the said aowrt.

244

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor el al. v. Benham.

The defendant denies that $1 00,000 of the testator's estate went into Savage's hands, full fifty thousand of which was never accounted for. On the contrary, the before-mentioned records exhibit a full and complete account of all property or effects which
came or ought to have come into Savage's hands ; all of which has been truly accounted for, and paid over to Samuel and Mary
Taylor, or their agent. The defendant denies thb indebtedness of Savage for the account
of $ 789.70. The defendant also denies the allegation in the bill, that Savage
received $ 681.75, cash on hand, at the testator's death. The defendant a]lso denies the charge of fraudulently concealing
the before-mentioned items of indebtedness from complainants. The defendant, further answering, states that the exhibit L cor-
responds with exhibit B in the complainant's bill, and denies that no return of debts due to the estate was made to the court by the executors ; on the contrary, he avers that Samuel Savage and Ross, in January and February, 1812, severally returned and filed in the said court an inventor of the bonds, notes, accounts, and other claims due to the estate, as appears by exhibits 0 and P in the answer, which include all that was due from all sources, as. far as the defendant has heard, knows, or believes.
The defendant, further answering, denies the allegation in the bill, that no account of sales was ever returned to the ordinary by Samuel Savage ; on the contrary, the records show a complete and full return of sales, of both real and personal estate, made by Savage and the other executors.
The defendant also denies that a large quantity of valuable land in South Carolina was sold by the executors, and that the proceeds, to the amount of several thousand dollars, went into, the hands of Samuel Savage ; on the contrary, the executors sold no lands in South Carolina but what are fully accounted for to the
said court. The defendant insists that Samuel Savage, as the executor ii
South Carolina, on the 22d April, 1818, made a full, fair, and final
settlement of.all his transactions with said estate in the said Court of Ordinary, in presence of Adam Hutchinson, the attorney of the said Samuel and Mary Taylor ; the accounts of the said Samuel Savage were then balanced, and the sum due from him paid over in said court to- the said Hutchinson, as the attorney and agent
aforesaid, as will appear by the exhibit N ; and also by a copy of a receipt of Samuel Taylor and William Rainey and wife, by the said Hutchinson, -as their attorney, executed in their name to Samuel Savage, on the 22d April, 1818, for the sum' of $10,037.36A, filed as exhibit T.
The defendant denies thai Samuel Savage ever applied the money of the estate to his private use.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

245

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

The defendant alleges, that the said Samuel Savage stated to him that he had never made any interest out of the funds of the estate ;
and the defendant asserts that he believes the statement to be true.
The defendant further states, that the complainants can set up no claim for interest, because, on the 9th of February, 1818, Samuel
Taylor, for himself and his sister, the said Mary Rainey, and her husband, William Rainey, executed the exhibit S to the said Samuel Savage, which is an agreement, made'under circumstances
mentioned in detail by the defendant, in substance as follows :The said Samuel Taylor, and the said William and lary, agreed that Samuel Savage should pay over to the said Samuel Taylor, at that time, as much money as he could spare, anld in the ensuing April to pay over such other moneys as might be collected on account of the estate ; and the said parties agreed, on receiving all moneys that could be collected by the first of April ensuing, to allow the said Samuel Savage two years from that date to close the remaining business of the estate; that for the money theretofore deposited in the Augusta Bank, no interest was to be required for the time the same remained in bank ; and that, on all moneys that might be cpllected by the said Samuel Savage, no interest was to be required, provided the same should be paid over to the said Samuel Taylor, or his agent, in a reasonable time after it was collected.
The defendant further states, that on the very day of the agreement Samuel Savage paid to Taylor, for himself and his sister, the
sum of $ 5,300, as appears by Taylor's receipt. And-on the 26th
March, 1816, he again paid the sum of $4,700, as per Taylor's receipt ; that Samuel Savage proceeded with all despatch to close the remaining- business, and in April, 1818, as before stated, made the final settlement of the estate ; all which, it is insisted, is a com-
plete bar to interest.
The defendant further states, that Samuel Savage did not retain the sum of $3,232.31 for commission and travelling expenses; but the exhibit N will show what he did retain, which the defendant insists was a reasonable sum, and cam6 before the ordinary for ex-
amination.
The defendant further states, that as late as March, 1816, Samuel Taylor was satisfied with the manner in which Savage conducted the business of the estate, as appears by a copy of a letter dated 26th March, 1816, exhibit Z ; that, shortly after the date of this 16tter, Taylor left the United States, having first constituted the said Adam Hutchinson the agent of the legatees to supervise the management of the estate, and finally'to settle it; and receive the moneys. And a copy of the power of attorney to Hutchinson is exhibited, G, the original beinj destroyed.
From that time no further claim is set up, and the whole business sleeps for more than twenty years, when this attempt is made to overhaul the accounts and settlements before the ordinary.
21 *

246

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

The defendant, therefore, insists,1. That the settlements are absolutely conclusive, and that it is not competent for any other court to open' and inquire into the cor-
rectness or regularity of the proceedings before the ordinary. 2. That, if not conclusive, they are primafacie evidence of the
correctness of the settlements.
3. Upon the statute of limitations and lapse of time, as evidence that the estate hasbeen settled, and all the moneys paid over.
As to the Kentucky lands, the defendant states he is informed, and believes, that the testator was not the owner of any lands in that
State at the time of his death, or since ; that a suit was there pending many years before his death for 4,000 or 5,000 acres of land, and prosecuted till the 8th of January, 1818, when judgments were recovered, &c., is not denied ; and the defendant has been informed that Primrose, the pretended agent of the complainants, in the year 1836, made a compromise with the tenants in possession of the said
lands, by which, for an inconsiderable sum, he agreed to release the claims of the complainants. But if, on investigation, it should be that the testator had title, then the defendant insists, -
1. That that title, upon his death, escheated to Kentucky ; and that if the lands were ever subject to trusts, such as those in the will,'the same were lost when the lands escheated, and could not be enforced, either in law or equity.
2. That the power to sell being a naked power, and having been .conferred on four executors, could not be executed by one, so as
to convey the title.
The defendant admits that Samuel Savage, in the year 1818, did go to Kertucky, and that he executed the papers D and C, exhibited in the bill ; but he denies that he fraudulently represented himself as the only surviving executor ; and he also denies that the execution of the deeds violated the provisions of the will, or that. he bad authority, however he may have thought so himself, to convey
the lands under the will. The"defendant further insists, that the sales were merely void,
and did not affect the rights of the complainants, on another -ground,- that McDowell, another executor, was alive at the date of the deeds, and did not join in the conveyance.
The defendant further denies that the- lands in Kentucky were sold for 'cashb, but for an inconsiderable amount in property.
And, if it shall be material, he pleads, as to the consideration for the sale of those lands, the statute of limitation and lapse of time.
The defendant admits that Samuel Savage died in November, 1837, in Lauderdale couaty, Alabama, where he was domiciled ; that the defendant is the executor of his will, and is a citizen
of Alabama. Finally, the detendant pleads to the jurisdiction of the court. On the-31st May, 1839, the complainants filed an amended bill.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

247

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

They admit therein, that the domicil of the testator was in South
Carolina. That his father and mother died before his death.
That Samuel Taylor was his only brother, and Mary Taylor his
only sister. That she intermajried vith William Riney, and had issue the
three other complainants. That the testator had no kindred in the United States at the time
of his death. And that the said Samuel and MIary were, at that time, his only
heirs at law. The complainants further state, that Samuel Taylor visited South
Carolina in 1815, for the purpose of settling with the executors ; and that he received, in February-and March, 1816, from Samuel
Savage, the sum of $ 10,000, as part of the estate ; but no interest was paid, for the reasons assigned by him.
That Savage wrote to Taylor, in September, 1817, a letter,
which is exhibited, and -the substance of which is set forth. Exhibit I.
That the legatees never received any moneys afterwards. That Savage never made a final settlement of his accounts. That, after his removal from South Carolina, he received at least 10,000 of the money of the estate.
That. since filing th-'- bill, they have received the testator's cashbook, from which it appears that Savage was indebted, as is alleged in the original bill, at the time of the testator's death.
That the executors did not execute any-bond for the faithful exe-
cution of their trusts, &c. The answer of the defendants was filed on the 19th day of Sep-
tember, 1839, and in almost every particular traverses the allegations
of the amended bill. It need not, therefore, be set forth at length. These were the issues between the parties.
The District Court, after a careful review of all the points in the cause, decreed, that the complainants recover of the defendant the
sum of $ 5,212,92, to be levied of the goods and chattels, lands
andtenements, of the said Samuel Savage ; and that the defendant
pay the costs of,the suit. The above sum of $ 5,212.92. was made up of the principal stim
of $ 2,118 received by Savage on the 21st July, 1818, from the sale of the Kentucky lands, and interest on that amount from the said 21st July, 1818, to the commencemen. of the term of the court when the decree was rendered, amounting to the sum of $3,094.92.
On the day before the decree was rendered, George i. Savage,
the executor of the last will of Samuel Savage, was removed from
his office of executor by the court in Alabama having .jurisdiction to make the removal, and Vincent M. Benham was appointed the

248

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor eAt al. v. Benham.

administrator de bonis non, with the will annexed, of the said Samuel Savage.
The complainants appealed from the decree, and executed bond to prosecute the appeal. They complained that the District Court erred in not decreeing the whole amount claimed by them in their bill and amended bills. But they ordered execution to issue for the amount for which the decree was rendered, which was levied on a large number of slaves, which were claimed as belonging to the estate of Samuel Savage.
An order granting an appeal to the defendant George X. Savage was also made by the court, and bond was ordered to be given within a stipulated time; but in consequence of the removal of George M. Savage the order could not be executed, and no bond was executed in conformity with the order.
Upon a motion made to this court by Benham, at the January term, 1843, the execution that issued on the decree was held to be a nullity, and an intimation given that the decree was not rendered against the proper party in the District Court.
On the 4th October, 11844, a bill of reviver was filed by the complainants against Vincent M. Benham, the administrator de bonis non of Samuel Savage, and he was brought before the court
by process.
In November following, Benham filed his answer to the bill of revvor, and a demurrer at the same time.-
The causes of the demurrer were,1. That the bill of reviver did not state the proceedings and relief prayed by the original bill. 2. That it did not show or allege that the defendant ever had any assets belonging to the estate of Samuel Savage.
3. That the defendant, as administrator de boni: non, with the will annexed, of Samuel Savage, could not be made a party to the
original bill by bill of reviver.
4. That the defendant, as such administrator, was not in privity with George M. Savage, against whom the decree was rendered ; and for want of that privity, a bill of reviver would not lie.
5. That the bill of reviver did not show whether the decree was rendered before the removal of George M. Savage as executor.
The court overruled the demurrer. The answer stated, that the defendant had no personal knowledge of the original suit, or of the proceedings and decree therein. It admitted the removal of George M. Savage from his office of executor, on the 28th November, 1842, and that the defendant, on the same day, within a few hours afterwards, was appointed administra-
tor de bonis non, with the will annexed, of Samuel Savage, by the same court. It alleged, that at the time the original decree was rendered against George M. Savage, the defendant Benham was
the administrator de bonis non.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

249

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

On the 29th November, of the same term, the defendant Benham moved the court to dismiss the suit for want. of prosecution; which motion was overruled.
The District Court, notwithstanding the defendant's answer, ordered that the decree against -George M. Savage, as executor of Samuel Savage, be'revived against said Benham, administrator de bonis non, with the will annexed, of Samuel Savage, and the defendant Benham prayed an appeal.
Upon these cros§ appeals the cause came up to this court.
It was argued by Mr. llorehead and ,Mr. Sergeant,for Savage's administrator, and by ,Mr. Crittenden and ir. Berrien, for Taylor, &c.
Mr. M1Jorehead. I. For the reasons alleged in the defendant's demurrer to the complainants' bill of revivor, the demurrer "ought to have been sustained, particularly because it was erroneous to revive a decree against the -administrator de bonis non, which bad been rendered against the executor of Samuel Savage. Grout v. Chamberlin, 4 Mass. 611 ;'Allen v. Irwin, 1 Serg. & Rawle, 554; Alsop v. Mather, 8 Conn..584 ; Carrol v. Connett, 2 J. J. Marsh. 199, 206; Bradshaw v. -ommonwealth, 3 J. J. Marsh. 133; Graves v. Downey, 3 Mon. 353; Slaughter v. Froman, 5 Mon. 20; Potts v. Smith, 3 Rawle, 361 ; Bank of Pennsylvania v. Haldeman, 1 Penn. 161 ; Kendall tr. Lee, 2 ib. 482; Hagthorp v. Hook's Administrators, 1 Gill & Johns. 270.
On the merits : - 1. The bill having been filed with the obvious design of making the. executor of Samuel Savage liable for the fiduciary delinquencies of the said Samuel, as one of the executors of Taylor, it was erroneous to decree against him for the personal acts and misconduct of the said Samuel. Dance v. McGregor, 5
Humph. 428. 2.- The letters'testamentary granted in South Carolina conferred
no power or authority on the executors of Taylor to act without the jurisdiction of that State. Carmichael v. Ray, 1 Richardson's S. C. R. 116; Kerr v. Moon, 9 Wheat. 565; Doolittle v. Lewis, 7 Johns. Ch. R. 45, 47; Attorney-General v. Bouwers, 4 Mees. & Welsby, 171, 190, 191, 192 ; Story on Conflict of Laws, p. 425, § 514.
.3. The sale-of the Kentucky lands, therefore, by Samuel Savage, did not- divest the residuary legatees of Taylor of any title they may have had to those lands, or of any interest in the same.
First. Because the authority conferred by the will on the executors to sell the real estate must have been strictly pursued. Willians v. Peyton's Lessee, 4 Wheat. 77 ; Wiley v. White, 3 Stewart & Porter, 355; 4 Johns. Ch. R. 368; 6 Conn. 387; 2 Swinbume, 730, note ; 10 Pet. 161.
Secondly. Because the authority, being'joint, could not be exe-

2ro

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et al.- v.Benham.

cuted and performed by one only. Halbert v. Grant, 4 Mon. 582; Smith v. Shackelford, 9 Dana, 472 ; Johnston v.Thompson, 5 Call, 248 ; Carmichael v. Elmendorff, 4 Bibb, 484 ; 14 Johns. 553 ; Co. Litt. 112, b.
4. The devise of the testator's rel estate to be sold conferred an authority by implication on the executors to sell. Anderson v. Turner, 3 A. K. Marsh. 131. But it was a naked authority, uncoupled with an interest; and the lands, until the sale was made, descended to the heirs at law of the testator. Ferebee v. Procter, 2 DevE & Bat. 439; King v. Ferguson, 2 Nott & McCord, 588 ; Shaw v. Clements, I Call, 429 ; Warneford v. Thompson, 3 Ves. jr. 513 ; Hilton v. Kenworthy, 3 East, 557 ; Co. Litt. 236, 112, 113, 181 ; 2 Sugden on Powers, 173, 174.
5. The will of William F. Taylor was never offered for probate, or proven in Kentucky by Samuel Savage, or-by either of the executors. As to the real estate, therefore, which was in Kentucky, William F. Tayfor died intestate. Kerr v. Moon, 9 Wheat. 565 ; McCormick v. Sullivant, 10'Wheat. 202 ; Carmichael v.Ray, 1 Rich. S. C. R. 116 ; Smith v. Shackelford, 9 Dana, 472. And the lands deseenided,'of eourse, to his heirs at law.
The complainants were his heirs at law, as well as residuary legatees, and they were, at the time of the testator's 'death, aliens. It follows, that they could not take the Kentucky lands, which fell by escheat to that "commonwealth without officefound. Montgomery
v.Dorion, 7 N. Hamp. 475 ; NIooers v. White, 6 Johns. Ch.R. 36G); Doe v. Jones, 4 T. R. 300; Doe v. Acklam, 2 Barn. &
Cres. 779 ; Doe v. Mulcaster, 5 Barn. & Cres. 771 ; Sutliff . Forgey, 1 Cow. 89 ;,Dawson's Lessee v. Godfrey, 4 Cranch,
32"16.; TChoa.t Ltihtet. c2o,mb.plainants have disaffirmed the sale made by
Samuel Savage of the Kentucky lands, by having since sold and conveyed the same lands. This they could not do and still insist
or Savage's liability for the sale made by him. If he sold the lands
in Kentucky in violatio.n of his trust, the beneficiaries of Taylor cannot demand to have the lands and also the purchase-money received for.them. By following the title to the lands they repudiate
tl e sale made by Savage. Murray v. Ballou, I Johns. Ch. R. 581; 2 Johns. Oh. R. 445; Story on Eq. Jurisp. 505-507 ; 5
Ves. jr. 800.
7. That in April, 1818, a.final settlement was made-in the
proper court in South Marolina of all the official transactions of Samuel Savage, as- executor of Taylor, and that such settlement
could only be impeached or disturbed by 'surcharging and falsifying the same by specific allegations and proofs of error or omission.
Wooldridge's Heirs v. Watkin's. Executor, 3 Bibb, 352 ; Quinn v.Stockton, 2 Litt. R. 346 ;- Vances Administrators v.Vance's
Distributees, 5 Mon. 521 Preston,.Exoeutor, v.Gressom's Dis-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

2!

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

tributees, 4 Munford, 110; Owens v'. Collinson, 3 Gill & John-
son, 25. 8. That William F. Taylor had no title which he could tranq-
mit by will to the lands devised to be sold, he being a trustee only, holding the legal title for the use and benefit of others, not parties
to this suit. 9. That the District Court of Alabama had no jurisdiction to
adjudicate upon the matters contained in the bill and amended bill of the complainants. It was manifestly a suit against the executor of Samuel Savage, for a final settlement of the fiduciary accounts
and transactions of the latter as executor of Taylor. 'The courts of South Carolina alone had jurisdiction of the matters in controversy between the parties, and the District Court ought to have dismissail the complainant's suit. Vaughan v. Northup's Administrators, s 6 Pet. 1 ; Story on Conflict of Laws, §§ 513, 514, to the end, pp.
422- 426.

Mfr. Critzenden, for Taylor, &c., relied upon the following points and authorities.
1. That the peremptory direction given in the will of William F. Taylor, to sell his lands, &c., is equivalent, in every equitable sense, to a devise to his executors and the survivor of them, with authority to sell, and will equally prevent an eschbating of the land. ,7 Dana, 1-12, &c. . 2. That although it was a prerequisite to his legal authority to sell the Kentucky lands, that he (Samuel Savage) should have oJtamined letters testamentary in Kentucky ; yet, if without it he took upon himself to act under the will of his testator, to make sales and receive money on them, as executor, he cannot, because of that irregularity, excuse himself from his responsibility to the complainants, the legatees, for that money so received ; as executor he -received it, and as executor he must account for it. 7 Dana, 349. Their authority was from the will. 7 Dana, 351-355.
3. That the least measure of his responsibility is the amount of money he received, as executor,.n the sales of Kentucky lands made by him as executor, and that he cannot be allowed to evade that by any impeachment of the salei made by himself.
4. That having undertaken to act in reference to said lands in Kentucky, he was bound to fulfil his undertaking and the trust assumed by him, and is responsible for the damage or loss of land occasioned by his failure so to do, and by his inattention and negl gence. 7 Dana, 349.
5. That, in respect to the land in Kentucky which he did sell, he is liable for the fair value of it, or the price at which he could have sold it at the time, which was much greater than the price at which he did Sell.
6. That the removal of Samuel Savage from the State of South

.252

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

Carolina; the residence of the complainants in a foreign and distant land, and the coverture and infancy of some of them ; the misstatements, equivocations, and fraud of the said Savage, and his concealments from the complainants of'his transactions in respect to said lands, especially, exclude him from all benefit or advantage from lapse of time or the statute of limitations. 1 Madd. Chan. 98, 99 ;
2 ibid. 308-310; 10 Wheat. 152 ; 1 Sch. & Lef. 309, 310, 428 -431, 413-442; 2 ibid. 629, &c.
The money received by Savage, as executor of Taylor, for land sold by him as executor, ought to be accounted for by him as other moneys arising from the estate of his testator. He did so account for the proceeds of the land sold in Carolina. And why should he
not for the proceeds of the Kentucky lands ? He charged the estate for going to Kentucky to attend to those lands, &c. He did give some attention to, and did sell a portion of, them. And what,
now, are the objections made to his"responsibility ? They are, in substance, -
1st. That he was not bound to attend to them, as executor only in South Carolina
2d. That complainants were aliens, and that the land escheated on the death of the testator, Taylor.
3d. That complainants have lost or waived all right by the statute of limitations and lapse of time.
4th. That they have lost or waived all right of recovery against him by the compromises and sales made by their agent, Primrose.
To the first, it is deemed a sufficient answer to say, that he did assume and undertake to attend to those lands, and was paid for it. And that was enough to 'charge him for a due responsibility for his performance of his undertaking, - to charge -him as agent or executor de son tort, if not otherwise. 7 Dana, S49, 351 - 355.
But, moreover, he was in the nature of a trustee under the will, and having undertaken the trust by assuming the office of executor in South Carolina, he was bound to fulfil the whole trust by proving the will in Kentucky, or by doing whatever else was necessary to a cbmplete and faithful performance of it.
The testatpr contemplated this, as is clearly inferable from his will. Savage was not.-ierely an executor, in the ordinary sense, but as to the lands of the testator he was in the condition of a trustee. And, accepting the tru~t, he must perform the whole of it,
as much as if he had accepted die same trust created by deed instead oFYill. The power given by the will, in respect to the lands, is different from and collateral to the mere official power of an executor, and constitutes him in effect a trdstee whose powers and duties are not governed by the rules or laws which regulate mere executorial duties. His duties in the one case depend on the laws which regulate his office ; in the other, on the nature of his contract
or undertaking.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

253

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

-As to the second objeciion, that the lands eseheated, &c., the answer is, that it is too late to urge that defence against his own act inselling them and receiving money for them.
But it is, moreover, insisted that the lands did not escheat. I
is settled that lands devised to he sold and the money paid to alien, do not escheat. Cfaig v. Leslie, 3 Wheat. 563 ; Craig v. Rad ford, 3 Wheat. 594.
The direction given in this case to hell is a trust inthe contemplation of a court of equity, and will be enforced as such, just as if the land had been devised on trust for the same purposes.
1 Madd. Chan. .55 (56) ; Harding v. Glyn, 1 Atk. 469; Clay & Craig v. Hart, 7 Daila, 1-12, &c..; Co. 'Litt. 113 a, and note- (2), which see ; 3 Co. Litt. 146, note, 113 a ; 2 Sugden,
173. And even the non-execution of the powers would not defeat the
trust ; the general rule in equity is, "that a trust shall never fail of execution for want of a trustee," &c. 1 Madd. Chan. 455 -458; Co7 Litt., and note, as above referred-to ; 2 Atk. 223.
As to the third objectibn, neither the statute of limitatiofr norlapse of time apply to this case. The circumstances of the case, and the fraud and concealment, exclude them from any operation on the case. The suit was brought immediately on the discovtry o: the cause of action. 1 Madd. Chan. 98, 99 ; 2 ibid. 308, 310 ; Elmendorf'v. Taylor, 10 Wheat. 152; 1 Sch. & Lef. S09, 310, 428, 431, 413-442; 2 ibid. 629, &c.
Fourth objection'. The facts answer this, and it seems but a mockery to insist on the last desperate effort at compromise as releasing defendant.

Mr. Berrien, on th&same side with Mr. Crittenden.

It is objected by the opposing counsel, that this decree cannot

be revived against defendant, because, as administrator de bonis non,

he has no privity with George M. Savage, the executor of Samuel.

But what are the facts in the case ?'

(Mr. Berrien here reviewed the facts, and then proceeded.)

The privity which is necessary in this case is privity with Samuel

Savage, against whose estate the decree was rendered, and out of

whose assets it was payable.

If a decree is obtained against an executor, for the payment of a

debt of his testator, and his representative does not become -the

representative of the testator, the suit ma -be revived against the

representative of the testatoi -and the assets may be pursued in his

hands, without reviving against the representative of the original de-

fendant.

If George Mf. Savage bad died intestate, his administrator would

not have been the representative of Samu6l Taylor. In this event,

this suit might have been revived againist th6- administrator de bonis

VOL. V. -

22.

254

SUPREME- COURT.

Taylor e. al. v. Benham.

non of Samuel Ta:-lor. Story's Eq. P1. § 370 ; XIitf. Eq. Pl. by Jeremy, 78 ; Johnson V. Peek, 2 Ves. 465.
Then having been removed from office, under the statute of Alabama, - having no representative who -canrepresent the estate of Samuel Thylor, - it is only against his administrator de bonis non that this proceeding can be had ; or there is a right iudicially ascertained, without a remedy.
As to the Kentucky lanes. The .first objection is, that the District Court of Alabama, acting as a-Circuit Court, had not jurisdiction of this case. When I en'counter an argument, leading to a conclusion from which the intelligence of professional men miqst, in my judgment, revolt, however it
may seem to be supported by authority, I am disposed rather to distrust my own capacity to detect its fallacy, than to yield to the conclusion to which it would lead me. I am sure I am not singular in. this feeling. Let- us examine the conclusion to which the argu-
ment would dead.
Samuel Savage left the State of South Carolina in 1818, removed first to Tennessee, and afterwards to Alabama; where he settled permanently, and died.
After 1818, he was not suable in South Carolina. Not in the State courts. It does not appear that he was ever there after that time ; and if he had been transiently there, com,plainants, aliens, residents in a foreign country, were not required to be on the watch to catch him there. No original process issued by the State courts of South Carolina, which was not personally served, could have rendered a citizen of Alabama amenable to their jurisdiction.
Not in the courts of the United. States in the District of South Carolina, for the words of the Judiciary Act of 1789 are, - " No civil suit shall be brought i the courts of the United States against a defendant, by any original process, in any other district than that whereof he is an inhabitant, or in which he shall be found at the time of serving the writ."
The conclusion, from the proposition of defendants, then, is this, -that until Samuel Savage chose to go to .South Carolina, and
subject himself to the service of process, he was not liable .to-suit anywhere ; that complainants were remediless, or that their right
to a remedy depended upon the will of their :adversary. Is the jurisprudence of the United States subject to this reproach ? Has this court pronounced any decision which may, by fair construction,' lead to such a, consequence ? This is said to-be the age of pro-
gress'; but is it a progress in intelligence, or its opposite ? What is the reference to authority on this point ?
(,Mr. Berrienhere examined and commented on 14 Peters, 166; Story's Conflict of Laws, §§ 513, 514,; 15 Peters, L.)
We are seeking to. obtain from this defendant, as administrator do

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

255

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

bonii non, the balance which was in the hands of Samuel Savage of the estate of W. F. Taylor, of which we are legatees. We charge him, and'we prove our charges, with fraudulent concealment of the assets which came to his hands ; 'and we seek to make his estate, in the hands of defendant, -liable for his individual personal default ; and this right, with the aid of a court of equity, we can enforce wherever we find him.
If he had remained in South Carolina, we would of course have sought redress there, and in its courts. But he voluntarily withdrew from the protection of those courts. He was a fugitive from justice, liable to arrest wherever he was found.
The bill, it is said, seeks an account ; but not that merely. It alleges fraud and concealment; it charges* Samuel Savage with official misconduct, for which it holds him to individual responsibility ; it does not ask him to pay for these frauds out of the assets of W. F. Taylor,.which he has wasted, but out of his own estate, into
which those assets have been converted.
The proposition, that the courts of South Carolina have exclusive jurisdiction, cannot be urged as an objection to the jurisdictioh of the Circuit Court of Alabama. Their exclusive jurisdiction is over the pubject-matter, - the. administration. The executor is
personally amenable to the forum of his domicile. There he may rely on a settlement and discharge by the courts of South Carolina, as having exclusive jurisdiction of the subject-matter, and the acts of the court of South Carolina should have like effect in the court of Alabama as they would have had in the State in which they were rendered; but this is the extent of the exclusive jurisdiction which can be claimed for them, in behalf of an executor who is a fugitive from their borders.
The third, fourth, and fifth points of the respondent's statements will be considered jointly.
1. The order of testator, that his lands should be sold, - especially that they should be sold on "securities to the satisfactiofi of his
executors," - gave to them a power, an authority to sell, by implicatiu , but as ample as if it had been given by express words.
The appointment of his executors, and the appropriation of the proceeds of the sales, so to be made by them, to purposes within the scope of their duties as executors, which he did by the devise of all the remainder or residue of his estate, after payment of certain legacies, imposed upon them an obligatiori, and charged them
with a trust, - that of so appropriating them.The executors were the agents of the testator, his attorneys, if
you will, but more properly donees of the power conferred on them by him for the sale of these lands. But they were also trustees of the devisees, in relation to the fund thus acquired. They had no interest in that fund ; btit the authority conferred on them was not, therefore, a mere naked power. It was a power cohpled with a

256

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

trust, which it is the peculiar province of a court of equity to guard and to enforce. 2 Story's Eq. Jurisp. §§ 1059-1061. And a court of equity will construe the will to give them such an
interest as is necessary to the executiQn of the trust. But we are' seeking to make Samuel Savage, who was only one
of these trustees, alone liable for the faithless execution of his trust, and we are met with the objection, -
1. That the authority and the trust, being joint, could not be executed by one only. There are numerous decisions on this question. 2 Story's Eq. Jurisp. § 1062. The whole doctrine is summed up by Mr. Sugden. Sugdeu on Powers, ch. 3, § 2, art. !, pp. 165, 166 (3d edit.) ; 2 Story's Eq. Jurisp. p. 399, in note.
A power coupled with a trust will survive, and may be executed bya surviving trustee. Osgoodv. Franklin, 2 Johns. Ch. R. 1-21.
Power to executors to sell, not by name, but as executors, may
be executed by one. Clay & Craig v. Hart, 7 Dana, 1. Where one of several trustees refuses to accept, the power vests
in the others. King v. Donnelly, 5 Paige, 46. 2. It is objected, that as this was a naked power (that is, as
there was no express devise to trustees), the land must have descended to the heirs, to await the exercise of the power ; that as the will was not proved in Kentucky, and therefore quoad testator's
property in that State he died intestate, it must for that cause also have descended to the heirs ; and as these heirs were aliens, it vested by escheat in the State of Kentucky.
The answer is, that a court of equity will carry out the manifest intention of a testator, will see that this trust is executed according to such intention, and will raise such an estate by implication in the trustee as is necessary to accomplish this object. The court will imply a power to sell in executors'not expressly designated for this
purpose. 2 Story's Eq. Jurisp. § 1060. They will imply such a power, from an authority to "raise money" out of lands. Ibid.
§ 1063. Nay, they will imply a power to sell, from a power to
raise money out of" rents and profits." Ibid. § 1064. As a power
to sell will be raised by implication, not only without but against the words of the will, as in the case cited, "rents and profits." As a trust to appropriate proceeds will in like manner be'implied, in both cases, to effectuate the iatention of testator, so also where there is no express devise, implication will not stop short of a fee where there are trusts to be Qxecuted which require -it. Markham v.
Cooke, 3 Burr. 1686. In Trent v. Henning, 4 Bos. & Pull. 116, the devise to trustees, as well as the trust for sale, was implied, and yet they took a fee. Fletcher on Est. Trust. I - 4, 19.
I am aware of the cases which decide that a mere naked power
to executors to sell will not give an interest ; -but, 1. This is not a,mere naked power ; tiken in connection with the
devise of the residue, it is a power coupled with a trust.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

257

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

2. It is indispensable, to effectuate the intention of the testator, that such an interest should pass.
In the cases referred to, the question was between heir and dis-. tributee, or devisee, or creditors. The land descended to the heir, subject to the exercise of the power, and the intention of the testator was accomplished. According to the argument of respondent's counsel, that cannot be in this case, unless such an interest is held to pass.
Yes, there is another mode. Land directed to be sold and converted into money loses the quality of real, and is converted into personal estate, and e converso of money directed to be laid out in land. .2 Story's Eq. Jurisp. § 790. In this latter case, anterior to the sale, and by the mere force of the will, the money so' fully becomes land as, 1. not to be personal assets ; 2. nor 'to be subject to- the courtesy of the husband ; 3. nor to pass as land by will, and other consecuences. So of land directed to be sold. 2 Story's Eq.. Jurisp.'§ 109, in note; Hawley v. James, 5 Paige, 318.
As to the time when the conversion shall be supposed, Hutcheon v. Mannington, 1. Ves. jr. 365 ; Clay & Craig v. Hart, 7
Dana, 1. It is objected, that the will was not proved in Kentucky. But
probate was not necessary to the execution of the power, and adds
no force to it, for the probate has no concern with the power, and relates only to the jurisdiction over the goods and chattels. Doolittle v. Lewis, 7 Johns. Ch. R. 48 ; Lessee of Lewis and wife v.
M'Farland et al., 9 Cranch, 151. The intention of the testator can be effected, then, in one of two
ways :-
1. By construing the will so as 'to imply a devise to the executors for the purpose of effectuating the trust.
2. By considering the land as money from the death of the testator, when his will became operative.
The testator was a naturalized citizen. All his relatives were aliens, and incapable of holding real estate. Aware of this disabil-
ity, he directs his property, real and personal, to be converted into money, and bequeathes it to them.- There can be no doubt of his intention to give to his executors such power as was necessary to effectuate his will. That will became operative upon his death, and did not depend upon the probate. The court will imply a power to
sell. They will imply e trust to distribute. Will they not consum-
mate the intention of the testator, either by considering Jte land as money at the time of his death, or by giving to the trustees such an estate as is necessary to protect the land from escheat? Craig v.
Leslie, 3 Wheat. 577. The lands. in the possession of.the heir are held subject to the exercise of'the power. Why should it not be ii the hands bf the State ? Or is the lord, who takes by es-
22 *

258

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et al. r. Denham.

cheat, more favored than the heir, who takes by inheritance ? Pawlett v. Attorney-General, Hardres, 465, 469 ; 2 Atk. 223.
But however these questions may be decided, defendant cannot evade the equitable demand of complainants. Whether this power was capabld of being executed separately by Samuel Savage, or whether, for want of an express devisee, it was incapable of being executed at all, the defendant cannot'escape.
An affirmance of the positions for which we contend will increase the amount for which he is answerable ; a denial of them will not release hiin from responsibility. He can only escape by maintaining, that the fraudulent assumption of the 'character of the trustee of these complainants, the concealment from them of his actings and doings while professing to act as their trustee, the receipt of money in that character, the denial of such receipt, and. the conversion of it to his own use, are wrongs which a court of equity is in'-
competent to redress.
(JMr. Berien here stated and commented on the facts respecting
the Kentucky lands.)
In every event, complainants are entitled to a decree for the amount actually received by Samuel Savage, and thai with compound interest. It may be admitted that complainants had no title
to the land which they could have enforced, that they have obtained by compromise what they could for the land; still, the money received by him wcs their money ; it diminishes the amount which
they obtained by.the compromise, it was paid by the tenants of the land to him, professing to act as their trustee ; it was received by him in that character, and has been converted by hini to his own use, and fraudulently withheld from them. A court of equity will not permit him thus to abuse the trust which he assumed.
An executor is liable for the value of an estate sold by him without authority. Smith et al. v. Smith's Execut6r, 1 Desauss. 304 ; i Paige's R. 147 ; 6 ibid. 355. He is -liable to no-ound interest in case of fraud or wilful neglect. Schiefflin v. $vewart, 1 Johns.
.Ch. R. 620 ; Myers v. Myers, 2 McCord's Ch. R. 266 ; 1 Hopk. R. 423 ; 2 Johns. Ch. R. 1.
Defendant cannot be protected by the statute of limitations from
a decree for this amount. The bill charges, and the evidence proves, that this transaction was fraudulently concealed from complainants, and there is evidence'to sustain it. Fraud and trust are
not within the statute of limitations, as it does not begin to run until the fraud is discovered. Kane v. Blo.odgood, 7 Johns. Ch. 'R. 122. There is an express allegation of the bill as to the time when the
fraud was discovered. Nor can the question of jurisdiction ever arise, as to this part of
the case. Savage never acted under the authority of any court of Kentucky, which may be supposed to have had exclusive jurisdic-
tion of this matter.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

259

Taylor et aL v. Benham.

It is submitted, then, that on this part of the case we are entitled at least to $2,118.00, with interest thereon at Six.per cent. from
21st July, 1818, compounding the same. As to the estate in South Carolina.
(Mr. Berrien here went into a minute examination of the accounts, which is omitted, as the opinion of the court did not con-
sider the question open.) To protect himself from this- claim, defendant relies on several
grounds" 1. That-he was not liable to suit in Alabama.
2- That he made a final settlement. 3. The statute of limitations, and lapse of time. The argument against the jurisdiction of the Circuit Court.of Alabama has been already considered.
The final settlement. A bare inspection of the accounts will show that it was not final. It was 'not so recognized by the ordinary, but, styled an " account current," and so recorded by theordinary. -The payment of the balance due to Hutchinson, if he had had power to receive it, would not make it a final settlement. Hutchinson did pot so receive it. His receipt- is merely for the actings and doings of Savage up to the date, as per his " account current," not 1 final settlement." To make it a final settlement he should have charged himself with the amount of sales, and interest on each note until it was paid, for the notes given at the sale
-bore interest. 2. The amount of the notes and open accounts found at the time
of Taylor's death, and interest on the former, which came to Savage' s Rossession.
- 3. If any of these were desperate, this should b4ve been stated. 4. He should have. charged himself with interest on the annual
balances remaining in his hands. Instead of this, it was a mere annual account current, crediting
such receipts as Savage chose to acknowledge, and charging such payments as he alleged to have made. All that the ordinary did was to examine the vouchers for the payments. He could make no final settlement, because there was no exhibit of the assets.
As to the statute of limitations. Fraud and trust are not within the statute ; it does not begin to run until the fraud i's discovered. Kane v. Bloodgood, 7 Johns. Ch. R. 122 ; 3 P. Wins 144, 145;
2 Story's Eq. Jurisp. § 1521. The circumstances must be for-
cible to induce the court to make lapse of time a bar to the iairias of heirs and legatees for an account and settlement of the estate.
Gist v. Cattel, 2 Desauss. 53. Infancy and coverture will prevent the statute from running. The children of Samuel Taylor were infants ; Mary Taylor (Rainey) was a feme covert. Respondents urge. that complainants are barred by the statute*of limitations of Alabaia, because they did not sue there.within six years, and deny the

260

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et al.-v. Benham.

right to sue there at'all. Specific allegations in the bill of fraud, showing when they were discovered, are equivalent to a general allegation that they were only discovered within six years.
As to interest. An executor is 'chargeable with interest on the annual balances kept in his hands, unless they are necessarily kept for the purposes of the estate. David v. Eden, 3 Desauss. 241.; Benson vb Bruce, 4 ibid. 463'; Walker v. Bynum, 4 ibid. 555; Jenkins v. Ficklin, 4 ibid. 369,; 2 Hill, 561, in note.

JMr. Sergeant,for Savage's administrator, replied to Mr. Berrien. He commented upon the long time that had elapsed since the final settlement of the estate, upon the cases before referred to in 14 and 15 Peters, and contended that before the complainants below could recover any thing on account of the Kentucky lands, they must establish three propositions ; - 1st. That Taylor owned the land; I2d. That he devised it; and, 3d. That the executors had power to sell and did sell. Each one of these propositions he denied, and argued upon at great rength. The deed to Taylor, he contended, contained a use which was immediately executed and vested the title in the heir of Forbes, who was some person in Germantown. The land must therefore have escheated. 2. Taylor did not devise the-land. He might have done so specifically, but did not. 3. The executor had no power to sell. The case of Northup, in 15 Peters, is an exposition of the law upon this subject. The court in Alabama had no jurisdiction over a foreign executor. An executor can neither sue nor be sued in another State.

Mr. Justice WOODBURY delivered the opinion of the court.
The original proceeding in this case was 'a bill in equity. The complainants are heirs and devisees of William F. Taylor, being aliens and resident in Scotland. He was a naturalized 'citizen of
South Carolina. The respondent was George M. Savage of Alabama, .prosecuted there as executor of Samuel Savage of that State. The clain set up in the bill was, that William F. Taylor, before his death in A. ). 1811, made a will, devising the residue of his estate, after the payment of a few legacies, to the complainants, directing all his property to be first sold and converted into money, and making the said Samuel Savage one of his executors, associated with three others. It was further alleged, that the business was divided- between them, and each had settled for what he took in charge, except Savage, who had not accounted fully for the property received by him in South Carolina, or the proceeds of certain lands of William F. Taylor in Kentucky sold by Savage, and that by his negligence-large quantities of other lands situated there had been lost.
The original answer denied that the executors took out letters testamentary, except in South Carolina, or assumed any trusts as to

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

261

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

the property of the testator beyond the limits of that State, or ever proved the will in Kentucky. It also denied that any part of William F. Taylor's property in South Carolina had not been duly accounted for. As to lands in Kentucky, it averred that the testator owned none, and, though he set. up some title to about 4,V400 acres, that it was invalid, and was compromised and released by an agent of the complainants in A. D. 1836. That, as the latter were aliens, the title in the mean time had escheated to the State ; the executors having, as alleged, only a bare power to sell, and some of them dying before A. D. 1818, this power could not be exercised by the others. And though it admitted, that Samuel Savage in that year executed deeds of about one fourth of the land claimed by the testator, receiving a small consideration therefor, yet it contended that no title passed thereby, and that. no court out of the State of South Carolina had any jurisdiction over the matter. The statute of limitations was also pleaded to all the claims.
Some other particulars,- and some amendments of the answer, which may be found material in the progress of the inquiry, will be noticed as occasion shall require.
A preliminary question has been raised in this court, id consequence of what had taken place in the progress of the cause, which it may be proper to dispose of first. After judgment had been rendered in the Circuit Court in favor of the complainants for a portion
of their claims, and before an appeal was taken, George M. Savage, the executor of Samuel, was removed, and Vincent M. Benham ;ippointed administrator de bonis non of Samuel Savage, with
the will annexed. The cause was then entered in this court, and attempted to be proceeded in, but was directed to be remitted to
the Circuit Court in order first to make Benham a party (1 Howard, 282, and 2 Howard, 395). This having been done, the case came here again, and now it is objected, at the threshold, to any examination of the original questions in the case, that an administrator de bonis non is not liable for assets in the hands of the deceased executor. See Grant v. Chambers, 4 Mass. R. 611 ; Alsop v. Marrow, 8 Conn. R. 584; 1 Serg. & R. 549 ; 1 Gill
& Johns. 207 ; and other cases cited. But if the correctness of these decisions be not doubtful at law,
they may require several exceptions and limitations in equity. See Blower v. Massetts, 3 Atkins, 773 ; 2 Ves. sen. 465 ; Mitford's Pleadings, 64, 78 ; 2 Vern. 237 ;. Fletcher's Administrator v. Wise, 7 Dana, 347; 1 Howard, S. C. 284, in this case. And it is clear, that under a statute of Alabama, which must, by the thirtyfourth section of the Judiciary Act, govern this case, the objection cannot be sustained. This statute provides, that " where any
suit may have been commenced, on behalf of or against the personal representative or representative§ of any testator or intestate, the
same may be prosecuted by or against' any person or persons who

262

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et al. v.' Benbam.

may afterward succeed to the administration or executorship ; such

person or persons may, at any time, be made parties, on motion,

and the cause shall proceed in the same manner, and judgment

therein be in all respects as effectual, as if the same were prosecuted

by or. against the parties originally named." Passed September

4th, 1821. See Clay's Digest, 227.

The grounds or causes for relief presented in the bill are next to

be examined, and are two. One is the claim on account of an al-

leged failure by Samuel Savage to settle, as executor in South

-Carolina, for a debt due from himself to.William F. Taylor, and

some other debts collected there, with proper -interest thereon.

This is thew first ground on the merits ; and it may be better consid-

ered separate from the second one, which is the amount demanded

for alleged neglects and receipts of money by Savage in relation to

the lands situated in Kentucky. The property left by the testator

in South Carolina was held in his own right, and the proceeds of it

vere collected by the executor by virtue of his letters testamentary.

The first objection interposed to the claim respecting* that is, that

in point of fact nothing is shown to have been due or collected

there which the executor did not account for, and finally settle and

pay over the balance, April 22d, 1818. Another is, that if any

thing collected there and then omitted, or not since paid over,

should now be accounted for, it'ought to be in the State of South

Carolina, -where the letters issued, and not in Alabama. Or, at all

events, that some action must first be bad in South Carolina, and the

account reopened, and the new matters examined and charged

there upon Samuel Savage, one of the original exccitors, before he

or George M. Savage, his executor, can be prosecuted elsewhere for

the amount. -The following cases may he referred to in support of

s1t.,

hPeatepross,iti3o3n.;

Vaughan et al. v. Story's Confi.

Northup et

al:,

15-Peters,

1;

of Laws, 513 ; Aspden et al. v.

Nixon, 4 Howard, 467 ; Carmichael v. Ray, 1 Richa.-tson, 116.

While others may be seen against it in 14 Peters, 116 ; 15 Peters,

119 ; 2 Wash. C. C. 338.

But it is to be recollected, 'that the statute of limitations is

pleaded against this no less than the other claim ; and hence, if, on

examination, that statute, or the great length qf time which has

elapsed since 1818, should be found, under all the circumstances of

the case, to render -a recovery of any part of this claim illegal or

inequitable, a decisive opinion on the other points just mentioned

will become unnecessary.

We therefore proceed to'inquiri into this first.

The settlement in 1818 seems to have been a final one ; the

balance was paid over to an agent of the plaintiff then present;

and the executor, Samuel Savage, soon after left the State, and, for

aught which appears, never returned again. The statute, if running at all as to the matters in South Carolina, should, therefore, as a

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

263

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

general principle, begin in 1818 ; and any special excuse for not suing the executor within six years for any thing not then accounted for, such as coverture, minority, or residence abroad, ought in equity as well as law to have been set up in the bill originally (7 Johns. Ch. R. 74) ; or by an amendmefit of it, allowed after the answer,
instead of a special replication, as provided by the 45th rule of this court. See Marstaller et al. v. M'Clean, 7 Cranch, 156, and Miller v. McIntyre, 6 Peters, 64.
But, notwithstanding this omission, as some doubts exist whether the statute of limitations can technically apply to a claim situated like this, we have looked further, - to the circumstances of laches and long neglect by the complainants,. independent of the statute. And they seem to us to operate in equity very conclusively against going back of an executor's account, thus formally and finally settlt d, after the lapse of twenty years and the death of the parties concerned. Gardner v. Wagner, 1 Baldwin, 394, 454. It must be
a very strong case of fraud, proved in such a settlement, or of clear accident or mistake, which could ever make it just, under such cir-
cumstances, to reopen and revise it. 9 Leigh, 393.
Considering, then, that the agent of the complainants, present at
the final settlement of the account and receiving the balance, hal, for aught which appears, a full opportuiaLty to know all the circumstances, and make objections if he pleased, and that no fraud or mistake is shown in the settlement, whatever error in law -may have
happened in computin6 interest, we consider it as a very proper case for length of time to-bring repose. In support of this may be seen the following cases. 1 Sch. & Lef. 428 ; 2 ibid. 309 ; 10 Wheat. 152 ; 1 Madd. Ch. R. 99; 2 ibid. 308 ; Miller v. McIntyre, 6 Peters, 66, 67 ; Cholmondely v. Clinton, 2 Jac. & Walk. 1 ; 9 Peters, 62 ; 6 John. Ch. R. 266 ; 7 ibid. 90.
The other claim for the money received by Samuel Savage, on
account of his conveyance of a portion of the lands situated in Kentucky, and to which William F. Taylor set up an interest, rests on principles entirely different, both as regards the title of Taylor and the responsibility of' Savage. It does not seem to have been bon-
sidered fully, heretofore, that those lands did not belong to William F. Taylor, like the rest of his property in South Carolina, absolutely as his own in fee. They came to him by a deed in trust for others, from Mary Forbes, administratrix of William Forbes, who was uncle of William Forbes Taylor, and a naturalized citizen of Pennsylvania, dying without issue except a son, Nathaniel, who'also died without issue after William F. Taylor's death in A. D. 1811, and before September, 1815. The facts in the case do not seem to fix the time with any greater certainty. These lands, amounting to
about 4,400 acres, had been conveyed to William Forbes in fee, in A. D. 1786, by one lDaniel Broadhead, and by Forbes to John Philips, in A.'D. 1794. They seem to have remained in Philips's

264

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et al. v. Benham..

hands till June 3d, A. D. 1802, when he conveyed them to the said Mary, the administratrix of William Forbes, with the following limitation in the deed, viz. :- in trust, nevertheless, to and for the only proper use and behoof of the right heir or heirs of the abovenamed William Forbes, deceased, in such way and manner as such heir or heirs may order, direct, and appoint."
On the 17th day of September, 1805, she, as before mentioned, conveyed them to William Forbes Taylor, the nephew of her husband, and his only heir or relative naturalized in this country, except the son Nathaniel, the rest being aliens in Scotland, and the son in such health as not likely long to survive. The lands were, therefore, in danger of escheating to the State of Kentucky, or a part f them at least, unless so conveyed as to pass an interest to sorne person here, which could be held in behalf of those heirs who might reside abroad, so that their shares might not be lost or forfeited. The limitation in the deed to William F. Taylor from Mary Forbes was the same in form as that in the conveyance toJher, except the clause creating the trust begins " in witness nevertheless," instead of " in trust nevertheless." Whether this is an error of the press, or in copying, or -an intended alteration, is not stated, but it seems not to have been contended in argument, that any different meaning was designed to be attached to the expression. After receiving such a conveyance for such a purpose, it appears that in 1808, William F. Taylor instituted thirtythree suits in ejedtment in the State of'Kentucky against settlers on these lands, which were pending at his death in A. D. 1811. But, as the, actions were in the name of nominal lessees, they did not abate by his death, but continued on the docket till a recovery was had in all of them, in January, 1818.
Prior to this recovery, and subsequent to the death of William F. Taylor in 1811, it does not appear that any of his executors, or any of the heirs of William Forbes, or any of the devisees of William F. Taylor, did any thing respecting these lands, except this. Samuel Savage, in his administration account rendered in December, 1812, charged for a journey to Kentucky in relation to them. And on the 14th of September, 1815, Mary Taylor and her husband gave a power of attorney to Patrick McDowell and Samuel Taylor, to collect her share not only in the estate, of William F.C Taylor, but in the lands in Kentucky of which she claimed to be one of the htirs, in conjunction with Samuel Taylor, from Nathaniel, the son of William Forbes, and their- mother Elizabeth. Samuel Taylor soon after, in 1816., visited this country, and -on the 2d of 'April .in that year appointed Adati Hutchinson and Peter Bennock attorneys for himself and sister, not only to collect and receive what was due to them from the estate of William F. Taylor, but to prosecute all actions necessary to recover the real estate in Kentucky belonging to him and his sister. But notwithstanding this, and not

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

265

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

exactly in keeping with it, on the 26th of September, 1817, Sam-

uel Savage, rather than these attorneys, writes a letter to Samuel

Taylor about the Kentucky lands, as well as the estate of William

F. Taylor in South Carolina, then unsettled. And to show the

further progress as to these lands after the recoveries in 1818, it

does not appear that any of the heirs or their agents took possession

of them under the judgments, or did any thing in respect to them till

1837. But, on the contrary, Samuel Savage visited Kentucky in

July, 1818, having removed from South Carolina to Tennessee in

May previous, and sold about one fourth of the lands to the occu-

pants for $ 2,118, calling himself, in the deeds, " surviving execu-

tor of the last will and testament of William Taylor," and " au-

thorized" to sell by the will. The other occupants, who did not

buy of him, took out soon afterwards injunctions against the judg-

ments recovered, and continued to possess the lands peaceably till

William Primrose, an attorney of the complainants, visited Ken-*

tucky in 1837 to look after their interests.

The previous special attorneys had not interfered, as Hutchinson,

one of them, soon died, and Bennock, the other, declined to act.

And Samuel Taylor, in letters to him in 1824 and 1825, inquiring,

among other things, if Savage had returned to South Carolina and

exhibited any further account of his doings in the ordinary's court,

makes no mention of the Kentucky lands.

Primrose, soon ascertaining that, in 1818, Savage had sold about

eleven hundred acres of them, and the rest had been suffered to

remain in the possession of the former occupants, persuaded the

latter to give him something more for a release or quitclaim, but a

sum, including what had been paid to Savage, not at all equal to

their full value.

It is a very important fact, in connection with this arrangement,

that Primrose, though at first denying the validity of Savage's do-

ings, was compelled, in order to effect a compromise with the oc-

cupants and obtain something more on a settlement, finally to agree,

under his hand and seal, in behalf of the plaintiffs, "1as far as it is

in their power to do so, to ratify and confirm the deed made as

aforesaid by the said Savage," but " reserve to themselves the

benefit of all claims they may have -against the said Savage or his

representatives for the consideration which the said Savage received

for the sale of the land aforesaid." After executing the releases,

be visited Samuel Savage, in Alabama, and demanded of him the

money he had received in behalf of the heirs, and indemnity for in-

juries they had sustained, by his alleged neglect in respect to all the

lands.

Another material circumstance is very, imperfectly stated in the

record; but it is probably thus. When William F. Taylor died,

in 1811, both Nathaniel, the son of William Forbes, and Elizabeth,

VOL. V.

23

266

SUPREME, COURT.

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

the sister of William Forbes, being the mother of Taylor, were aliens,
On these'facts, it is next to be decided, whether the interests of the complainants were such in the lands in Kentucky, when Samuel Savage sold a part of them, in 1818, as to make him liable to the complainant for his conduct, wherever he might reside ; and, if so, to what extent. It is first manifest, from a part of the statement, that the interest of William F. Taylor, at the time of his death, was only that of a trustee in' these lands, and not as the owner of, -any portion of them inhis -own right. 'But still, in that capacity, he had power by his will to direct the sale of them by his executors,. and into whose bands the proceeds should afterwards be .placed, to be held, of course, for the benefit of the true cestui que
trusts. The clause in his will, bearing on the sale, is, -" I do hereby
order, will, and direct, that on the first day of January next after
my decease, or as near that day as can conveniently be, that the whole of the property that I may die seized and possessed of, or may be any wise belonging to me, be sold."
This undoubtedly meant to empower the executors to sell the land he held in trust, as well as that in fee, by including any propert;-
that may be ".any wise belonging to me.'? But what interest was thus vested in the executors conceriiing it ? A mere naked power to sell ? or a power coupled with a trust ? or merely a power
coupled with an interest ? These are necessary inquirics as to the question made in the case, tihat these lands have escheated to the
State of Kentucky, and also are useful, if not necessary, towards - settling the validity of the sale by Savage, and the place where, if
liable at all, he can be made to account for the proceeds. To determine these inquiries, it will be necessary to look further into the
will. In that, after directing the payment of a few small legacies out
of the proceeds of his property, be' proceeds, - " I do hereby order, give, grant, and devise all the reTnainder or residue of my
estate which shall remain after paying the before-mentioned legacies to Ty dearly beloved brother, Samuel Taylor," &c., 1 and to niy beloved sister, of the same place, share and share alike, provided they shall be both alive at the time of my decease and have issue, which issue, after their respective deaths, shall share the. same equally," &c. On this and the previous provision in the will, coupled with the facts which have been mentioned, we consider the law to be, that William F. Taylor, taking this property by a deed which made it dn express trust in his hands for the heirs of William Forbes, held it as trustee for them till his death. He then virtually devised the trust and the lands to the complainants, by directing that the lands he sold, and, after discharging some special legacies, the
proceeds b&paid over to the complainants, as his residuary legatees.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

267

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

The executors were thus invested with a power to sell, coupled
with a trust ; and the residuary legatees thus became trustees to the heia of William Forbes. To identify those heirs is somewhat difficult, but is very important to a true construction of the will. Probably, in 1810, they were his son Nathaniel, who, dying between that period and 1815 without, issue, his grandmother, Elizabeth Forbes, succeeded to him ; and, on her death about that time, the complainants, her only surviving children, succeeded to her. As all these, except Nathaniel, were aliens, and he was in feeble health
in 1$11, the paramount intention of the testator doubtless was to prevent an escheat of this and his own property. From considerations of affection, as well as duty, he must have desired to secure both that and his own estate free from escheat in the hands of those near relatives likely soon to be the heirs both of William Forbes and himself.
Either of two constructions of his will would accomplish this object. The one we have just adopted, considering him as devisig the proceeds of the lands, and hence their tide, to his brother and sister, subject to a power in the executors, coupled with a trust, to sell them, and pay certain legacies ; or another, which would consider the power of the executors as one coupled with an interest, and vest the title at once in them for the purpose of selling the lands and discharging the small legacies and debts, if any, but holding the proceeds in trust to be paid over to his brother and sister, for the benefit of the heirs of William Forbes, whomsoever they might then happen to be. See 2 P. Wms. 198 ; 8 Ves. 437; Lewin on Trusts, 234 ; Peter v. Beverly, 10 Peters, 533. One of these seemhs, also, to have been the construction put on the will by Samuel Savage himself, as he proceeded to visit Kentucky twice to discharge his trust in relation to these lands, and finally sold about a fourth of them as surviving executor, which be could not have done honestly, unless deeming himself possessed of more than the naked power which his executor in his answer now sets up. In order to survive to him, it must have been a power coupled either with a trust or an interest. See cases, post. To show that the executors, by such a devise, became possessed of a power coupled with a trust at least, reference may be had to the following cases beside those already cited. 1 Atk. 420, 469 ; 2 Johns. Ch. 254; Clay et al. v. Har, 7 Dana, 1 ; Sugden on Powers, 95, 167 ; 3 Co. Litt. 113, note, 146, 181, a; 2 Story's Eq. Jurisp. § 790 ; 5 Paige, 318 ; Zebach v. Smith, 3 Binney, 69. One of the tests on this subject is, that a naked power to sell may be exercised or not by the executors, and is discretionary; while an imperative direction to sell and dispose of the proceeds in a certain way, as in this case, is a power coupled with a trust. 7 Dana, 1 10 Peters, 533 ; 12 Wend. 554 ; 2 Story's Eq. Jurisp. § 1070; 10 Ves. 536.

268

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et aL. Benham.

There are some conflicting cases onthis subject ; but it is not necessary to review them again, it having been so ably performed by Thompson, J. for this court in P eters v. Beverly, 10 Peters, 565. There, as here, the executors were not expressly named as the persons who were to sell the land, yet, say the court, " it is a power vested in them by necessary implication.? See also 2 Sim. & Stu. .38 ; 2 Story's Eq. Jurisp. § 1060 ; 1 Atk. 420"; 15 Johns. 346 ; 4 Kent's Com. 326 ; 2' Johns. Ch. 254 ; 4 Hill, 492. There, as here, it was also contended, that if they had the power to sell it was a naked one, and could not survive ; but the court say, if they had another duty to perform under the will, with the proceeds, it was a power coupled with a trust or an interest, and survived. 10 Peters, 567 ; 15 Johns. 349.' And the only difference is, that the subsequent duty to be performed there was the payment of debts, aid here it was to pay over the money as legacies,
and of course after the payment of any existing debts out of it. - If William F. Taylor, when making his will, supposed that he, as
trustee of this land, could direct the proceeds to be paid over to others than the heirs of William or Nathaniel F., the devise 'would none fhe less show his intent to pass to the executors a power to sell coupled with a trust ; and they would none the less take it coupled with a'trust. Indeed, if it was necessary, in a case like this, to carry into effect the leading object of the testator in the will, to consider him as granting to the executors a power coupled with an interest, rather than one coupled with a trust, it would not be difficult to sustain such a Construiction in a court of equity, as we have before intimatea. Courts, in carrying out the wishes of testators, the pole-star in wills, are much inclined, especially in equity, to vest all the power or interest in executors which are necessary to effectuate those wishes, if the linguage can fairly admit it. 4 Kent's Com. 304, 319 ; 10 Peters, 535 ;. Schauher v. Jackson, 2 Wend. 34 ; Bradstreet v. Clarke, 12 ibid. 663 ; Bloomer v. Waldron, 3 Hill, 365 ; Oates v. Cooke, 3 Burr. 1684 ; Jackson v. Martin, 18' Johns. 31 ; 1 Ves. sen. 485 ; Coster v. Lorillard, 14 Wendell, 299.- They are inclined, also, when considering it a trust, or a power coupled with an interest, to have its duration and quantity commensurate with the object to be accomplished. Shelly v. Edlin, 4 Adol. & Ell. 585 ; White v. Simpson, 5 East, 164; 1 Barn. & Cres. 342 ; 5 Taunt. 385. Though the distinctions between these different powers are not always well preserved, no doubt exists that a power coupled with an interest may be inferred by obvious implication from the whole will, as the fee not being at once vested elsewhere, and it being
necessary to have it in the executors to effect the general design (Jackson v. Schauber, 2 Wend. 1, 54, 55, overruling S. C., 7 Cowen, 193), as well as from the usual course, which is by an express devise to the executors. Bradstreet v. Clarke, 12 Wend.

JANUARY TERM, i.

269

Taylor et., al. v. Benham.

665, 667. Nor is it of any consequence how, sm0l the interest be.
Osgood v. Franklin, 2 Johns. Ch. 20; Bergen v.' Bennett, 1 Caines's Cas. in Err. 16 ; 2P. Wms. 102. ' It is enough if only to distribute the proceeds as here, or to take the rents or use for the benefit of'others. Same cases, ani 14 Johns. 555; Zebach v. Smith, 3 Binney, 69. The interest, too, maybe equitable or legal. Hearle v. Greenbank, 3 Atk. 714; 2 Johns. Ch. 20. And it is an interest not required to yield a profit or'gain, but any title in the estate itself, the thing to be sold. Hunt v. Rousmanier, 8 Wheat.
174, 206. Being given by the will, when it is a power 'coupled with an interest, and the conveyance under it being by and through the will, it is of course for the use of the person designated in the will, as if it was a devise over to him. And if the whole scope and design of the will could not otherwise be accomplished, it might not therefore be unjustifiable in a court of equity, in a case like this, to let the title vest in the executors first, for the purpose of being sold and turned into personal estate, for the alien legatees, in order to avoid the very escheat now set up by the respondent. Craig v. Leslie, 3 Wheat. 376, 377 ; I Ve . sen. 144, 485 ; 4 Kent's Com.
304, 310, note ; 14 Wend. 268 " Indeed, a court of equity, if it should appear necessary, in order to avoid an escheat, and to enforce any apparent devise of the testator when trustee, directing land to be turned into money and to go to certain legatees, or ce.stui
que trusts, will look to substance rather than form, will consider the act as done at once, which is directed to be done, and the land as money, and thus to be passed to those entitled to it. Peter v. Beverly, 10.Peters, 533, 563 ; 3 Wheat. 563; 5 Paige, 318 Bogert v. Hertell, 4 Hill, 495 ; 2 Story's Eq. Jurisp. § 790; Newland on Contr. 48 to 64, and authorities cited.
But as the title here can be considered as passing to the complainants at once, leaving only a power coupled with a trust in the executors, and still accomplish the object of the testator in preventing an escheat, we are inclined to adopt tha't construction of the will as the safer one, amidst several conflicting authorities and opinions in relation to this question. See some of them in 4 Kent's
Cor. 321, note, 5th ed. In such cases, till the sale is made, the title usually vests in the heirs, if no other intent is manifest. Jackson v. Burr, 9 Johns. 105, 106 ; Denn v. Gaskin,, Cowp. 661. But where it is given by devise, as here, and the devisees were not the cestui que trusts and heirs as tQ those lands when he died, it is proper that the title should be considered as passing by devise, and as being in the complainants by devise rather than descent. Jackson
v. Schauber, 7 Cowen, 197 ; Cowp. 661 ; 8 Wheat. 206, 207 ; 2 Wend. 34 ; Coster v. Lorillard, 14 Wend. 326. And the more especially is it so, when, if the heirs took it as heirs, it might escheat.
The case of Jackson v. De Lancy, 13 Johns. 555, reviews most of the cases connected with this question, and comes to the con-
23*

270

SUPREME C OURT.

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

clusion, substantially, that the title to the trust estate would pass in a case like this to the residuary legatees, and be held by them for the cestui que trusts. See the cases there cited, and among them Braybroke v.Inskip, 8 Ves. 417 ; 2 P. Wins. 198 ; Ex parte Sergison,
4 Ves. 14t ; I Merivale, 450 ; 5 Pick, 112. See also Dexter v. Stewart, 7 Johns. Ch. 55. The better opinion is, that a trust estate always passes in a general devise like this to the residuary legatees, if no circumstances appear to indicate a contrary intent. Braybroke v.Inskip, 8 Yes. 417, 436 ; 3 ibid. 348 ; 4 ibid. 147; 13 Johns. 537 ; Ballard et al. v.Carter, 5 Pick. 115 ; Marlow v. Smith, 2 P. Wms. 198, 201. Hee, the circumstances fortify the idea, rather than impair it, that the trust estate was intended,
in the end, to pass to the residuary legatees, as they were then probably supposed to be the cestui que trusts, and in fact became so
before the devise took effect. Another reason is, that the devisees would, if not cestui que trusts,
hold the estate fur them, and bd bbund to accoutit for it to them,
so as to make it safe. Marlow v. Smith, 2 P. Wins. 201. T.his view of the case disposes first of the point made, that these
lands had, before the sale by Savage, escheated to the State of
Kentucky. It was hence argued that they could not be sold by him, though no office had been found, the respondent considering
an escheat good without any 6ffice found. Montgomery v.Dorion, 7 N. Hamp. R. 480.; 6 Johns. Ch.365. But that is correct only as to land cast by descefiton an alien. 7 Cranch, 629. For, as to land taken by devise &rpurchase, an alien can always hold it till office found. Knight v.Duplessis, 2 Ves. sen. 60 ; Co. Litt. 2, 6 ; Powell on Devises, 316; Hubbard v.Goodwin, 3 Leigh, 512 ; 3 Wheat. 589 ; Govemeur's Heirs v.Robertson, II ibid. 332, 355 ; Fairfax v. Hunter's Lessee, 7 Cranch, 618.
It will be seen, on a very brief-examination, that the idea of,a descent cast upon -alien of these lands, on the death of William F. Taylor or Nathaniel Forbes, cannot be sustained under the opinions we have just expressed. The aliens took them by devise, and not by descent, in either of the two constructions of the will which can be at all vindicated. As a general principle, too, ir all cases, a court of chancery will not raise a use "by implication," in an alien, so as to'endanger the estate, but will rather pass a title to the executors in trust. 2 Wash. C. C. 447. So it has been held that, if ii can be avoided, a court.will not vest the estate in an alien by construction, in order to" have it escheat, when otherwise it
would not. .3Leigh, 513, and cases, cited. We are prepared next to see whether Samuel Savage or his
representatives are liable to account for this property in Alabama, provided he is chargeable anywhere. Becaus e, if not so liable in Alabama, this part of the case must fail for want of jurisdiction in the State in which the proceedings were instituted; and the further questions as to his liability need not be examinpd.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

271

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

First, then, it happens, that though the heirs of Nathaniel Forbes
and Elizabeth are the same persons here as the residuary legatees
of William F. Taylor, yet they take an interest in the Kentucky lands and their proceeds, in a different right and for a different purpose from-what they do in the property of William F. Taylor held in his own right. It happens, too, that the interest they thus take is
derived from the deed by Mary Forbes to William F. Taylor, and not through the will of the latter, except as directing the trust
property to be sold by his executors and paid over to them. It is important to observe also, in this connection, that their taking of
this property and the sale of it are neither of them by virtue of any letters testamentary issued in South Carolina ; that the property is not assets of William F. Taylor collected or to be accounted for there ; and as the sale made by Samuel Savage of a part of these lands was made in a different State, and of property situated in a different State, and the proceeds of it never carried into South
Carolina, and the sale made after he had removed therefrom and closed up his administration there, no reason exists for making him account in that State for the sale. See I Rich. S. C. Rep. 116 ; 2 Wend. 471 ; 6 Pick. 481 ; 3 Mon. 514 ; Story's Conflict of Laws, § 523. So, not having, taken out letters testamentary in
Kentucky, or even proved the will there, and residing elsewhere, he could not be sued in that State. Fletcher's Administrator v. Wier, 7 Dana, 348. It follows, then, that if liable at all for the proceeds. of the sale of this trust property, being not that owned by the testator in his own right, and the sale made by virtue of a power in the will, and not of letters testamentary, he was liable in Alabama, the State where he had his domicile, the State whither he
carried the proceeds, -where the demand was made on him by the complainants, where George M. Savage, his executor, took out letters on his estate, and where alone George M. Savage could be proceeded against for any claim against his testator. Bryan et al. v. McGee, 2 Wash. C. C. 338 ; Trecothick v. Austin et al., 4
Mason, C. C. 29.
Being liable, then, in Alabama, if at all, for the acts done in respect to these lands, it is next to be considered whether Samuel Savage
or his representatives are responsible for them to the complainants at all, and if so, to what extent. When applied to in 1838, by Primrose, the attorney of the complainants, to pay over the pro-
ceeds of his sale, Savage admitted that in 1818 lie executed releases of about one fourth of these lands, in which he acknowledged a consideration received by him of more than two thousand dollars ; that he professed to make .the sale and receive the consideration as surviving executor of William F. Taylor, and by virtue of a power in his will, and that he never had-accounted for the proceeds since, but contended that the sum actually realized by him was much smaller than that named in the deeds, and objected to pay over any

:.272

SUPREME COURT. Taylor et al. z. Benham.

thing, though not assigning particularly his reasons for the refusal.
But the counsel for the respondent now interpose various specific reasons against accounting for those proceeds beside that already disposed of, which questioned the jurisdiction over the matter in Alabama. One of their objections is the want of interest in the coniplainants as legatees or cestui que trusts to recover. Another is the irregularity, and indeed illegality, of his sale. Another is the small amount received, not exceeding his expenses. And another, still, is the statute of limitations.
But we have already shown that the complainants, as residuary legatees, were entitled to the trust estate under the devise immediately, and, in any permissible view, as soon as it was converted into money, and would be bound to manage and account for it to the true cestui que trusts, if they were not so themselves. See before, 13 Johns. 555, and 8 Yes. 417, 436, and other cases. Being now, however, cestui que trusts themselves, as well as devisees, their interest in the proceeds of the sale' is beyond controversy, there having been, as already shown, no previous escheat of the lands.
In respect to the informality and illegality of the sale., they are insisted on from its not appearing that all the executors except Savage were then dead, from his' not recording, the will in Kentucky, and from the verbal denial at first of the validity of his sale by Primrose. But it is to be remembered that this is a bill in equity, that the executors had a power unddr the will to sell this property, which was a power coupled with a trust. That ig not a title to be made out at law under a special statute, where much strictness is required. 6 Mass. R. 40 ; 14 ibid. 286.
Nor is it only a naked power, not coupled with any trust or interest, where nudh strictness is also requisite. Williams et al. v. Peyton's Lessee, 4 Wheat. 79 ; 10 Peters, 161, and other cases cited. But it is merely a case to show such a sale as may make, in a court of equity, an agent or trustee liable to those for whom he acts. Minuse v. Cox, 5 Johns. Ch. 441, and Rodriguez v. Heffirman, ibid. 429.
Now it appears that Savage, in his deeds of this land, averred himself to be surviving executor of Taylor's will. And the case discloses the death of two of them, but says nothing of the other, except, ir 1824 and 1825, he is referred to as dead "some time ago." Considering him also as then dead,-which is the probable inference from these facts, the right of Savage alone to sell under the will would be good. A power to sell, not merely a naked one, but coupled either with an interest or a trust, survives to the surviving executor. Peter v. Beverly, 10 Peters, 533 ; Co. Litt. 113 a, 181 b ; Lewin oni Trusts, 266 ; Sugden on Powers, 165, 166.; 2 Johns. Ch. R. 1 ; 7 Dana, .1 ; 5 Paige, 46 ; 2 Story's
Eq. Jurisp. § 1062 ; 10 Johns. 562. 8 Wheat. 203 ; Jackson v.
Eerris, 15 Johns. 346. Several of the States have positive statutes regulating this matter, and usually in this way. -

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

273

Taylor et a]. v. Benham.

Again, if all of several trustees decline the trusf except one, the estate vests in him, and he is authorized to sell alone. 3 Paige, 420 ; 4 Kent's Com. 326, note ; King v. Donelly et al., 5 Paige,
46 ; In re Van Schoonhoven, 560 ; Cro. Eliz. 80 ; 7- Dana.; Zebach v. Smith, 3 Binney, 69.
All the executors in this case, except Savage, declined to have any concern with these lands, and do not appear ever to have done any thing concerning them. It is obvious, likewise, on principle,
that where a sale is made under a will, which is merely the evidence of authority or power to do it, the omission to record it will not vitiate the sale, unless recording is in such case required by a local statute. If so required, the statute must of course govern. 9 Wheat. 565 ; 10 Wheat. 202. Probably the necessity for this must depend entirely on the local laws applicable to the transaction, -the lex rei sitce (2 Hanm. 124 ; Kerr v. Moon, 9 Wheat. 570;
7 Cranch, 115), - and not on any general principles of international law applicable to immovable property. If not necessary by those laws, the omission to do it would not be taken advantage of by any one in any case ; and if necessary, it would not seem very equitable to let the executor take advantage of it, who himself had been
guilty of the omission. But however this should be decided, looking to the laws of Ken-
tucky, and how far it may be cured by the subsequent proof and recording of the will by Primrose for the complainants (II Peters,
211), and whether it is necessary to take out letters 'testamentary in Kentucky to make such a sale (Lewis v. MacFarland, 9 Cranch, 151), we need not give any decisive opinion; since this branch of the inquiry, as to the liability of Savage, can be disposed of under a different aspect of the case.
If the land was sold informally by Savage, still it was 'sold in fact ; it was conveyed in the character of surviving executor ; the authority for doing it was claimed under the will ; the money for it was received in this way ; the lands were occupied quietly under his deed for near twenty years ; the consideration was never paid back to the grantees, nor by law liable to be, as his deed was without warranty except against those claiming under W. F. Taylor, and, as regards them, was in the end expressly confirmed by his heirs and devisees under the compromise before detailed.
It is true, that their agent at first denied the legality of the sale by Savage, but from its having actually taken place, money been received under it, and the lands occupied in conformity to it so long, he was in the end obliged to compromise and confirm it for much less than the real value of the lands, and expressly reserved the right
to resort to Savage for the amount he had received.
On a consideration of these facts, can there be a doubt that it is equitable to make Samuel Savage and his representatives pay over to the cestui que trusts the money he thus received on their account ?

274

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor ert al. v. Benham.

Can they be allowed to set up his own imperfect doings or neglect as a justification for not paying over what he actually received for them, and still holds ? ls he not estopped in equity to deny his liability to the complainants ? Have they not suffered in their interests to this extent by his conduct ? Have not he and his estate profited to this extent by his sale of their property ? These questions can be answered only in one way, and the replies must give a stamp and character to the whole transaction in a court, of conscience unfavorable to Savage. Consequently, in this bill in equity
between the parties as to a trust, we think it manifestly just that the complainants, 'as against Savage's estate, are entitled to this money; at least, to the amount adjudged in the court below. 1 Johns. Ch. R. 620; 1 Paige's Ch. R. 147, 151 ; 6 Paige, 355 ; 2 Johns. Ch. R. 1 ; 7 ibid. 122. Simple interest in such cases seems proper, and was allowed. 4 Ves. 101 ; 5 ibid. 794 ; 16 ibid. 410. As an analogy for estopping Savage to deny what he has said in his own deed, see Speake et al. v. The United States, 9 Cranch, 28, and cases in Com. Dig. Estoppel, a, 2. So, " it is a settled principle of equity, that when a person undertakes to act as an agent fop another, he cannot be permitted to deal in the matter of that agency upon his own account and for his own benefit." Sweet v. Jacocks, 6 Paige, 365.
So, " every person who receives money to be paid to another, or to be applied to a particular purpose, to which he does not apply it, is a trustee, and may be sued either at law, for money had and received, or in equity, as a trustee, for a breach of trust.", Kane v. Bloodgood, 7 Johns. Ch. 110 ; Scott v. Surman, Willes, 404;
Shakeshaft's case, 3 Bro. Ch. Cas. 198.
He is liable, then, first, on the ground that the cestui que trusts might confirm the sale and resort to the proceeds, as they finally did in this case. Story's Eq. Jurisp. § 1262 ; 2 Johns. Ch. 442 ; 1. ibid. 581. It is true that such a confirmation must be full and distinct ; whereas here a disavowal of it was at first made by their agent, and when it was in the end agreed to-be ratified, the act-was
done on the receipt of additional money.
This, however, would not seem to vitiate itu.nder. the reserva-. tion made of a right to proceed against Savage for what he had received. The complainants, then, fully confirmed Savage's acts as a sale, just as much as if no further money had been paid. . Though they. asked for this additional sum, this was no injury to Savage, and should constitute no objection to his paying over to them what his vendee.s agreed he should, and what he virtually promised to.
do, when taking the -money for their property.
But if this view of the -matter was at all doubtful, another .ground exists on which he might be made liable to a like extent, and on which the complainants seek to charge him for a much larger amount. The sale by Savage, if not valid and not confirmed, was

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

275

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

still injurious to the complainants. It gate such a color of title to
the tenants, as to prevent the complainants from obtaining any thing
more for their lands, but by way of compromise, and then a price in all, including what was paid to Savage, far le~s than their true
value.
A trustee is liable for misconduct or breach of trust or negligence, as well as for money actually received. Jacobs's R. 120. And if in these ways he injures the cestui que trust, he is liable, whether he himnself gains by his misbehaviour or not. Lewin on
Trusts, 634 ; 3 Bro. Ch. Gas. 198. But when we come to inquire, as he complainants insist, whether Savage was not liable for a much larger sum on this. ground than what was allowed in the court below, we are met by several difficulties. The amount, beyond the money received and interest thereon; rests on estimates somewhat conjectural after so long a lapse of time ; and the neglect itself is not so easily fixed with much certainty, from a like cause, and the death of parties preventing explanations, and an extraordinary omission for ,almost a whole generation by the complainants themselves to bring this business to a close. Savage, also, may have proceeded no further in subsequent years to 9el1 the rest of the lands, and take charge of the judgments which had been recovered, because discovering that Samuel and Mary -Taylor, the heirs, had appointed Hutchinson and Bennock special agents instead of himself to manage the Kentucky property. The degree of neglect to be made out for any sum beyond that actually received is also different'and greater.
When the trustee is made liable for more, it must be, in the language -of the books, " in cases of very supine negligence or wilful default." '14 Johns. 527 ; ibid. 634 ; Pybus v. Smith, 1 Yes. jr. 193; Palmer v. Jones, 1 Vern. 144; Osgood v. Franklin, 2 Johns: Oh. 27 ; 3 Bro. Ch.R. 340 ; 1 Madd. 290 ; Caffrey v. Darhy, 6 Ves. 497. It would hardly be justifiable to find the existence of either of those after such a length of time, obscuring so much by its mists and bbliterating so much by death.
Daimages, likewise, for mere neglect would stand in a different attitude as to the statute of limitations from what we shall soon see it does as to money held in trust ; and if the claim was on account of a breach of trust committed and perfected when the neglect first
occurred,, it would be difficult to overcome the bar occasioned by nineteen or twenty years since.
As to the remaining objection, under this head, that the sum received did not exceed Savage's expenses, this is not in the first answer, and comes from an executor who could hot possess full
means of knowing the facts, and is not entitled to so much weight as if it had, been put in and sworn to by Samuel Savage himself. Carpenter v. The Providence. Insurqnce Company, 4 How. '185, and cases cited there.
Besides this, there -isno evidence to support the denial. It is

276

SUPREME COURT.

Taylor et al. v. Benham.

not accompanied with any exhibit of expenses ; and no account for
them seems to have been offered ifievidence in the court below.
To overcome this denial stands the admission in the first answer of receipts, to the extent of three or four hundred dollars, and no set-
off claimed; next, the acknowledgment to Primrose of something received ; next, the recorded confession in the deed that $2,118 was paid'to him; and, finally, the testimony of several witnesses to actual payments, and the solvency of all the purchasers. But if any
doubt existed as'to this amount being the proper one, with interest, it would be removed by the proceedings in the District Court,
where the account was stated in this manner after an examination by agreement before the judge, and with liberty to except to the
account, and no exception taken. The last objection to the recovery of the amunt actually received,
with interest thereon, is the statute of limitations. As before intimated, this statute, in respect to money taken in express trust, rests on principles very different from what it might as to damages claimed
for a mere neglect bf duty, which happened, if at all, near twenty years before any demand or suit. Let it be remembered, that, though this money was.received by Savage, as trustee of the plain-
tiffs, in 1818, yet he never was requested to pay it over till 1837, and that then he first became in default for not accounting for it. Till then he lived remote from the complainants, they being residents in a foreign country, and was not obliged to settle for their,
money in South Carolina as assets belonging to William F. Taylor,
in his own right, as has before been shown. Retaining it, under all the circumstances, till called on by the com-
plainants or their agent, is therefore by no means decisive evidence of any neglect or intention not to account for it, till the demand made
by-Primrose, in A. 1D. 1837. Consequently, the statute in relation to this would not begin to run till'then, and hence could have cre-
ated no bar in September, 1838, when this bill in equity was filed. 1 Jac. & Walk. 87 ; Attorney-General v. 1avor of Exeter, Jac. 448 ; 10 Peters, 177 ; MIichoud v. Girod, 4 How. 503 ; Zeller's
Lessee v. Eckert et al., ibid. 289 ; 3 Johns. Ch. 190, 216 ; Kane v. Bloodgood, 7 Johns. Ch. 90 ; Gist et al. v. Cattell, 2 Desauss. 55. The case of Trecothick v. Austin, 4 lason, C. C. 29, was in this, and some other respects, such as to involve and
settle principles similar to what have been laid drnwn in this opinion. The question of fraud and concealment has also been raised at the
bar, not only to *aidin charging the respondent, but in obviating the operation of the statute of limitations, as it would if existing. 3 Atk. 130; Hardw. 184; 7 Johns. Ch. 122 ; 20 Johns. 576; 6 Wheat.
181. But as it is not hecessary to decide on these, we waive an
opinion as to imputations, so difficult to settle corriectly after the death of most of the parties and the lapse of a quarter of a century.
There are some exceptions as to the form of the-claim and of the bill, that deserve a moment's notice before closing.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

277

Taylor et al. v. Benham:

Though the plaintiffs make their claim in both cases against
Savage, and would be entitled in the end, in one, as legatees, if at all, and in the other as cestui que trusts rather than legatees ; yet the views already expressed would allow them to recover in both cases as residuary legatees, because the trust passes properly to them under the devise, though accompanied by an obligation to ac-
count for the property to the cestui que trusts, if they should happen to be persons other than themselves.
The description of the complainants, and of their rights, then, in the bill, is not exceptionable ; but the description of the liability of Samuel Savage, which is also objected to, is not so free from imperfection. He acted under William F. Taylor's will in a fiduciary capacity in two respects not exactly the same, but not discriminated from each other in the bill. One was, to sell the lands his testator
held in Kentucky in trust, and the other, to sell the lands and the other property, held in his own right, in South Carolina. Notwithstanding this, the variance does not seem to us to be such as, in this stage of the cause, and in a court of equity, imperatively to
require an amendment.
The claim in both respects is for the acts of Samuel Savage alone, and is to. be recovered from his executor alone, and belongs to the complainants alone. The material facts are alleged, upon which it rests in both respects ; and hence, as no objection was taken to this in the answer or other pleadings, it may be regarded
as cured now, and more especially in a proceeding in chancery, and where there is enough alleged to indicate with distinctness the subject-matter in dispute between the parties. See 32d section of Act of Sept. 24, 1789 (1 Statutes at Large, 91) ; Garland v. Davis,
4 How. 131. It will be seen, that by the course of reasoning we have adopted,
and by the points on which our opinions hay been formed, it has become unnecessary to decide some other questions presented in this cause in the able arguments of the counsel on both sides. But having decided enough to dispose of the case, and being satisfied that the judgment of the court below was right, however we differ as to some of the reasons assigned in its support, we do not propose to
go further into the questions raised, and direct, that in this case the judgment below be affirmed. The other appeal, relating. to this matter and argued with it, must consequently be dismissed.

Order.

Vincent Al. Benham, administrator de bonis non, with the will an-
nexed, of Samuel Savage, deceased, Appellant, v. William Taylor, George Taylor, William Primrose, and Eliza, his wife,

George Porter, and Ekpet, his wife, William Rainey, Alexander Rainey, and Elizabeth Rainey.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record

VOL. V.

24

278

SUPREME COURT.

Phillips v. Preston.

from the District Court of the United States far the Northern Dis-
trict of Alabama, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said District Court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs and damages, at the rate of six per centum per annum.

William Taylor, George Taylor, William Primrose, and Eliza, his wife, George Porter, and Elspet, his wife, William Rainey, Alexander Rainey, and Elizabeth Rainey, appellqnts, v. Vincent M. Benham, administrator de bonis non, with the will annexed, of Samuel Savage, deceased.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Alabama, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, this court having affirmed the decree of the said District Court in this cause, on the appeal of the respondents at the present term, it is now here ordered and decreed by this court, that this appeal of the complainants be and the same is hereby dismissed with costs.

GEotGE W. PHILLIPS, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JOHN S. PRESTON, DE-
FENDANT IN ERROR.
Under the practice of Louisiana, peremptory exceptions must be considered as specially pleaded when they are set forth in writing, in a specific or Jetailed form. and judgment prayed on them.
Although the court should refuse to receive exceptions thus tendered, yet if the party has the benefit of them on a motion in arrest of judgment and in a bill of exceptions, the refusal of the court is not a sufficient cause for reversal.
The statute of Louisiana, requiring their courts to have the testimony taken down in all cases where an appeal lies to the Supreme Court, and the. adoption of this rule by the court of the United States, includes only cases where an appeal (technically speaking) lies, and not cases which are carried to an appellate court by writ of error.
Where the laws permit a waiver of a trial by jury, it is too late to raise an objection that the waiver was not made a matter of record, after the case has proceeded to a hearing.
In a suit by the first indorser of promissory notes against a second indorser, upon an alleged contract that the second indorser would bear half the loss which might accrue from their non-payment by the drawer, it is not a sufficient objection to the jurisdiction of the court, that the second indorsee and defendant were citizens of the same State. Such an objection would be well founded if the suit had been upon the notes.
But not where the suit is brought upon a collateral contract. A contract between two indorsers, that they will divide the loss between them, is
a good contract, and founded o- a sufficient consideration. Being a collaterai contract, by parol, parel evidence can be given to prove it. The
payee is a competent witness, and so is the notary, bringing with him the act of sale.
Tuis case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana.

504

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-T-hurlow v. Massachusetts.

Mr. Justice GRIER concurred with Mr. Justice Woodbury in
the opinion delivered by him, so far as itrelated to the question of the jurisdiction of courts of admiralty, and also that the weight of evidence in this case was against the existence of a tide at the place of collision, but concurred with the majority of the court that the De Soto was in fault, and justly holden for the whole loss occa-
sioned by the collision.

SADIUEL THUiL0W, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. THE COMMONWEALTH OF
MASSACHUSETTS.
JOEL FLETCHER, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. THE STATE OF REODE ISLAND
AND PROVIDENCE PLANT .TIONS.
ANDREw PEIRCE, JR., AND THOMAS W. PEIRCE, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR,
V. THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Laws of Massachusetts, providing that no person shall presume to be a retailer or seller of wine, brandyi rum, or other spirituous liquors, in a less quantity than twenty-eight gallons, and that delivered and carried away all at one time, unless he is first licensed as a retailer of wine and spirits, and that nothing in the law should be so construed as to require the county commissioners to grant any licenses, when in their opinion the public good does not require them to be granted, -
Of Rhode Island, forbidding the sale of rum, gin, brandy, &c., in a less quantity than ten gallons, although in this case the brandy which was sold was duly im.orted from France into the United States, and purchased by the party indicted from the original importer,-
Of New Hlampshire, imposing similar restrictions to the foregoing upon licenses, although in this case the article sold was a barrel of American gin, purchased in Bostoti and carried coastwise to the landing at Piscataqna Bridge and there sold in the same barrel,-
All adjudged to be not inconsistent with any of the provisiow of the constitution of the United States or acts of Congress under it.
TiHUtsE caseswere all brought up from the respective State courts by writs of error issued under the twenty-fifthsection of the Judiciary Act, and were commonly known by the name of the License Cases.
Involving the same question, they were argued together, but by different counsel. When the decision of the court was pronounced, it was not'accompanied by any opinion of the court, as such. But six of the justices gave separate opinions, each for himself. Four of them treated ihe cases collectively in one opinion, whilst the remaining two expressed opinions in the cases separately. Hence it becomes necessary for the reporter to make a statement in each case, and to postpone the opinions until the completion of all the statements. The arguments of 6ounsel in each case will of course follow immediately after the statement in that case. They are placed in the order in which they are put by the Chief Justice in his opinion, but where the justices have given separate. opinions in each case, the order is observed which they themselves have chosen.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

505

License Cases. -Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

Mr. Chief Justice 'aney, Mr. Justice McLean,
No. No. No. Air. Justice Catron, No
No Mr. Justice Daniel, Mr. Justice Woodbury, Mr. Justice Grier,

one opinion, three cases. three opinions. Thurlow v. Massachusetts. Peirce v. New Hampshire. Fletcher v. Rhode Island. two opinions. Peirce v. New Hampshire.
Thurlow v. Massachusetts. one opinion, three cses. one opinion, three cases. one opinion, three cases.

(p. 573.)
(p. 586.) (p. 593.) (p. 596.)
(p. 597.) (p. 609.) (p.-4 3 11.) (p. 618.) (p. 631.)

To begin with the case of

THURLOW '. THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS.
This case was brought up from the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts. The plaintiff in error was indicted and convicted, under the Revised Statutes of the .State, for selling liquor without a license. The indictment contained several specifications, but they were all similar to the first5 which was as follows :-
" The jurors, for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, upon their oath present, that Samuel Thurlow, of Georgetown, in said county, trader, on the first day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty-two, at said Georgetown, he not being then and* there first licensed as a retailer of wine and spirits, as provided in the forty-seventh chapter of the Revised Statutes of said Commonwealth, and without any license therefor duly had according to law, d~d presume tobe, and was, a retailer of wine, brandy, rum, and spirituous liquors, to one Samuel Goodale, in a less quantity than twenty-eight gallons, and that delivered and carried away all at one time, and did then and there sell to said Goodale two quarts of spirituous liquors, and no more, igainst the peace of said Commonwealth and the form of the statute in such case made and provided."
It becomes necessary to insert the forty-seventh chapter of the Revised Statutes, and also all act passed in 1837. They are as follows :-

Revised Statutes of Alassachusetts, Chap. 47. - The Regulation

of Licensed H1ouses.

"Section 1. No person shall presume to be an innholder, common victualler, or seller of wine, brandy, rum, or any other spirituous liquor, t6 be used in or dbout his house, or other buildings, unless he is first licensed as an innholder or common victualler, according to the provisions of this chapter, on pain of forfeiting one hundred
dollars. " Sect. 2. If any person shall sell any wine or spirituous liquor,

VOL. V.

4,

506

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Thurlow r. Massachusettu.

or imy mixed liquor, part of which is spirituous, to be used in or

about his house or other buildings, without being duly licensed as

an ianholder or common victualler, he shall forfeit for each offence

tw fity-dollars.

"Sect. 3. No person shall presume to be d retailer or seller of

wine, brandy,, rum, or other spirituous liquors, in a less quantity

,than twenty-eight gallons, and that deliveredand carried away all at

one time, unless he is [at] first licensed as a retailer of wine and

spirits, as is provided in this chapter, on pain of forfeiting twenty

dollars for each offence.

" Sect. 4. If any person, licensed to be a retailer as aforesaid,

shall sell any of the above liquors; either mixed or unmixed, to be

used in or about his house'or shop, he shall forfeit for each offence

twenty dollars.

"SOct. 5. Every innholder shall at all times be furnished with

- suitable provisions and lodging for strangers and travellers, and with

stable-room, hay, and provender for their torses and cattle ; and if

he shall not-be at all times so provided, the county commissioners

may revoke his license.

" Sect. 6. Every cornmon victualler shall have all the rights and privileges, an' be subject to all the duties and obligations, of inn-

holders, 'excepting that he shall not be required to furnish lodgings

for travellers, nor'stable-room, hay, and provender for horses and

cattle.

-

"Sect. 7. Every innholder and common victualler shall at all

times have a board or sign affixerd to'his house, shop, cellar, or store,

or in some conspicuous place near the same, with his name at large

thereon, and the employment for which he is licensed, on pain of

forfeiting twenty dollars.

"Sect. 8. If any innholder shall, when requested, refuse to re-

ceive and make suitable provisions for strangers and tralellers, and

their horses and cattle, he shall, upon conviction thereof before the

Court of Common Pleas, be punished by a fine not exceeding fifty

dollars, and shall also, by order of the said court, be deprived of his

license ; and the court shall order the sheriff or his deputy forthwith

to cause his sign to be taken down.

" Sect. 9. No innholder or common victualler shall have or keep

in or about his house, or other buildings, yards, and gardens, or de-

pendencies, any dice, cards,-howls, billiards, quoits, or other imple-

ments used in .gaming, nor shall suffer any person resorting thither

to use or exercise any of said games, or any other unlawful game or

sport-within his said premises, on pain of forfeiting ten dollars for

every such offence.

"Sect. 10. Every person convicted of using or exercising any

of the games aforesaid, in or about any such house or building of an

innholder or common victualler, shall forfeit ten dollars. CSfect. 11. No innholder or common victualler shall suffer any

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

5W7

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachus.etts.

person to drink to drunkenness or excess in Iiis premises, nor suffer any minor or servant, travellers excepted, to have any strong drink
there, on pain of forfeiting five dollars for each offence.
"Sect. 12. If any innholder or common victualler shall trust or
give credit to any person for liquor,'he shall lose and forfeit all the
sums so trusted or credited, and all actions brought for such debt
shall be utterly barred ; and the defendafit in such action may plead the matter specially, or may give it in evidence under the general.
issue.
" Sect. 13. If any common victualler shall keep open his house, cellar, shop, store, or place of business on any part of the Lord's day or evening, or at a later hour than ten of th6 o'clock in the evening of any other day of the week, and entertain any person therein
by selling him any spirituous or strong liquor, he shall 'orfeit for
each offence ten dollars. " Sect. 14. When any person shall, by excessive drinking of
spirituous liquors, so misspend, waste; or lessen his. estate as" thereby either to expose himself or his family to want or indigent circumstances, or the town to which he belongs to expense for the maintenance of him or his family, or shall so habitually indulge himself in the use of .spirituous liquors as thereby greatly to injure his health or endanger the loss thereof, the selectmen of the town in which such spendthrift lives shall, in writing under their hands, forbid all licensed innholders, common victuallers, and retailers of the same town, to sell to him tiny spirituous or strong liquors aforesaid for the space of one year ; and they may in like manner forbid the selling of any such liquors to the said spendthrift by the said licensed persons of auy other town to which the spendthrift may resort for the same ; and the city clerk of the city of Boston shall, under the direction of the mayor and aldermen thereof, issue a like prohibition as to any such spendthrift in the said city.
"Sect. -15. The said mayor and aldermen, and said selectmen, shall, in the same manner, from -yearto year' renew such prohibition as to all such persons as have not, in their opinion, reformed within thb year ; and if any innholder, common victualler, or retailer shall, duriaig any such prohibition, sell to any such prohibited person any such spirituous liquor, he shall forfeit for each offence
twenty dollars.
" Sect. 16. When the said mayor and aldermen, or selectmen, in execution of the foregoing provisions, shall have prohibited the sale of spirituous liquors to any such spendthrift, if any person shall, with a knowledge .of said prohibition, give, sell, purchase, or procure for and in behalf of such prohibited person, or for his use, any such spirituous liquors, he shall forfeit for each offence twenty
dollars.
" Sect. 17. The commissioners in the several counties tnay license, for the towns in their respective counties, as many persons to

508

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases. -Thuriow v. Massachusetts.

be innholders or retailers therein as they shall think the public good

may require ; and the mayor and aldermen of the city of Boston

may, in like manner, license innholders and retailers in the said city;

"afid the Court of Common Pleas in the county of Stiffolk may, in

like manner' license innholders and retailers in the town of Chelsea ;

,and every license, either to an innholder or retailer, shall contain a

specification of the street, lane, alley, or other place, End the number

of the building, or some. other particular.description thereof, where

such licensed person shall' exercise his employment; and the li-

cense shall not protect any such person from the penalties provided

in this chapter for exercising his employment in any other place than

that which is specified in -the license. " Sect. 18. The mayor and aldeimen-of the city of Boston may

license, for the said city, as many persons to be common victuallers

as they shall think the public good may require ; and every such li-

cense shall contain such a specification or description, as is men-

tioned in the preceding section, of the street or othfer place, and of.

the building where the licensed person shall exercise his employ-

ment ; and the license shall not protect him from the penalties pro:

vided in this chapter for exercising it in any other place.

" Sect. 19; All licenses to any innholder, retailer, or common

victualler ,hall "expire on the first day of April in each year ; but

Any license may be granted or; renewed at any time during the pre-

ceding month of March, to take effect from the said first day of

April, and after that day they may -be granted for the remainder of

the year, whenever the officers authorized to grant the same shall

deem it -expedient.

".Sect. 20. Every person, 'Who shall be licensed as before pro-

vided in this chapter, shall pay therefor to the clerk of the city of

Boston, the clerk of the Court of Common Pleas for the county

of Suffolk, or to the clerk of the commissioners of The respective

counties so licensing said person, one dollar, which shall be paid by-

said clerks to the treasurers of their respective counties for the use

of said counties ;',and such persons shall also pay twenty cents to the

use of the. said clerks respectively; and no other fee or excise

whatever shall be taken from any, person applying for or receiving a

license under the provisions of this chapter.

"Sept. 21. Any license. to an innholder, retailer, or common

victualler may be so .framed as to authorize the licensed person to

sell wine, beer, ale, cider, or any ofher fermented liquors, and not

-to authorize him to sell brandy, rum, or any other spirituous liquor';

and no excise or fee shall-be required for such a license.

"Sect. 22. The, clerk of th commissioners in the several

counties shall, seasonably, before the time for granting licenses in

each year, transmit to the -electmen

of every town within the

county a list of the persons in such town who were licensed as inn-

holders or retailers the preceding year.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

509

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

"Sect. 23. No license shall be granted or renewed to any pet-

son, unless he shall produce a certificate from the selectmen of thQ

town for which he applies to be licensed, in substance as follows,

to wit: - We, the subscribers, a majority of the selectmen of the

town of

, do hereby certify that

has applied to us

to be recommended as ,(here expressing the employment, and a par-

ticular description of the place for which the license is applied for) in

the said town, and that, after mature consideration had thereon, at a

meeting held for that purpose, at which, we were each-of us present,

we are of opinion that the petition- of said

be granted, be

being, to the best of our kn6wledge, and behalf, -rperson: of go.od

moral icharacter.

" Sect. 24. Any person, producing such certificate of the select-

men, shall be, heard, and his application decided upon, .eitler on a

motion made orally by himself or his qounse, -orupon a petition in

writing, as he shall elect.

" Sect. 25. If the selectmen of any town shall unreasonably

neglect or refuse to make and deliver such a certificate, either for the

original granting or the renewal of a license, the person aggrieved

thereby may apply. for a license. to the commissioners, first giving

twenty-four hours' notice to a majority of the said selectmen of his

intended application, so that they may appear, if they see fit, to ob-

ject thereto ; and if on-suchapplication it shall appear that the said

selectmen did unreasonably neglect or refuse to 'give the said cer-

tificate, and that~the public good requires that the.license should be

granted, the commissioners may grant the same.'

" Sect. 26. All the fines imposed by-this chapter may be re-

covered by indictment, to the use of the county where the offence

is committed; and when the. fine does not exceed twenty dollars,

the offence may be prosecuted before a justice of the peace, sub-

ject to the right of appeal to the Court of Common Pleas, as in

other cases.

"1Sect 27. When any person shall be convicted under the pro-

visions of this chapter, and shall fail to pay the fine awarded against

him, he may be imprisoned in the coinmon jail for a time not ex-.

ceeding ninety days,- at the discretion of the court or justice before

whom the trial may be had.

" Sect. 28. All prosecutions, urider the provisions of this chap-

ter, for offences committed in the city of Boston (excepting where

the fine exceeds twenty dollars), may bi heard and-determined in the

Police Court, subject to the right of appeal to the Municipal Gourt;

but the said Police Court shall not ha've power, in any such case,

to sentence any person to imprisonment, except as provided in

the preceding section. " Sect. 29. Any person, licensed under the "provisions of this

chapter, who shall have-been twice before convicted of.a breach of

any of the said provisions, shall thereupon, in addition to the penal 43 *

510

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts..

ties before provided, te liable to a further punishrment, by imprison-
ment in the common jail, for a time not.exceeding, ninety days, at the discretion of the court before whom the trial may be had."

.Icts of 1837, Chapter 242.
" An Act concerning Licensed Houses, and the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors.
"Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives in General Court assembled, and by the authority qf the same, as follows :-
"1Sect. 1. No licensed innholder, or other person, shall sell any intoxicating liquor on Sunday, on pain of forfeiting twenty dollars for each offence, to be recovered in the manner and for the use provided in the twenty-sixth section of the forty-seventh chapter of the Revised Statutes .
" Sect. 2. Any license to an innholder, or -common victualler, may be so framed as to authorize the licensed person, to keep an mn or victualling-house without authority to sell any intoxicating liquor, and no excise or fee shall be required for such license : Provided, that nothing contained in this act, or in the forty-seventh chapter of the*Revised Statutes, shall be so construed as to require the county commissioners to grant any licenses, when in their opinion the public good does not require them to be grantel.
"1Sect. 3. Any 'person who shall have been licensed according to the provisions of the forty-seventh chapter of the Revised Statutes, or of this act, and who shall have been twice convicted of a breach of this act or of that chapter, shall, on such second conviction, in addition to the penalties prescribed for such offence, be adjudged to have forfeited his license.
" Sect. 4. Any. person who shall have been three times convicted of a breach of this act, or of the forty-seventh chapter of The Revised Statutes, shall, upon such third conviction, in addition to the penalties in this act and said chapter provided, be liable to be imprisoned in the common jail, for a time not exceeding ninety days, at the discretion of the court before whom the ti4al may be had.
11 Sect. 5. The secretary of this Cormnonwealth shall cause a condensed summary of all laws relating to innholders, retailers, and licensed houses to be printed for the use of this Commonwealth,
and he shall supply the county commissioners for the several counties, and such other officers as by law' are authorized to grint licenses, with the same; 'and the said commissioners, or other officers, whenever they grant any license, shall furnish each person so licensed with one copy of saidlicense laws, to the end that such person may know to what duties, restrictions, and liabilities he is subjected by lawv."
[Approved by the Governor, April 20, 1837.]

JANUARY TERS 1847.

511

License Casem.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

A conviction having Aaken place, under the indictment upon.these

statutes, the defendant filed several exceptions, of which it is material

to notice only the following :-.

.

"c2. It appeared upon the trial that some of the sales charged in tl-e inadictment were of foreign liquors, and his Honor directed the jury-that the license law of this Commonwealth applied as well to imported spirits as to domestic, and that this Commonwealth could constitutionally control the sale of foreign spirits by retail, and that said law is not inconsistent with constitution or revenue laws of the United States. To this ruling also the defendant excepts." -
The court below allowed this exception, together with all thq others, upon which.the case was removed to the Supreme Judicial Court. But that court overruled the exceptions, and ordered judgment to be entered upon the verdict.
.Mr. Hallett, the counsel for Thurlow, then applied for,.and obtained, a writ of error to bring the case to the Supreme Court of the United States, upon the folloving allegation of error, viz.:-
'"That the several acts,of the legislature of Massachusetts concerning licensed houses and the sale of intoxicating liquors, add especially the acts which are'hereto appended and set out as palt of the record in the said cause, ufon which said judgment ivas founded, and also the opinion and judgment 6f said Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts, in the application and construction.of- said acts to the sales of imported foreign liquors and spirits by the said Thurlow, are repugnant to, -and inconsistent with, the 'provisions of the constitution, treaties, and laws of the United States, in *sofar as the aid acts, and the construction thereon by the said Supreme Judicial Court of Massacbusetti, prohibit, restrain, control, or prevent the sale of imported wines and spirituous liquors, by retail or otherwise, in the said State of Massachusetts, and aTe therefore void.' .

Upon the writ of error thus issued, the case came up -to this

court.

It was argued in January, 1845, by Mr. Choadte and .Mr. Webster, for the plaintiff in error, and .Mr.Huntington, for the State. Being *orderedto be reargued, it *as now argued br Mr. Webster
alone, for the plaintiff in error, and Mr. Davis, for the State.

Mr., Webster opene'd the case. The best mode of presenting his views of the poihts which arose will be, to.reprint the brief filed by himself and .Mr, Chbate in the former argument. It was as
follows :The plaintiff in error, a citizen of the United States, living in
Massachusetts, was convicted, under the 'Revised Statutes of that State, ch. 47, and the statute of that State of 1837, ch. 242, of sales of foreign spirits, made in 1841 and IS42, without a license. He seeks*to reverse the judgment, upon the general ground that those statutes are repugnant to constitutional acts of Congress, and 'to the constitution of the United States ; *nd contends,

512

SUPREME COURT.

'License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

1st. That they prohibit even the importer of foreign spirits from
selling them in the bottle, keg, or cask in which he imports them, either for consumption at the place of sale, or for carrying away ; and are therefore unconstitutional, within the case of Brown v. Maryland, 12 Wheat. 41.
2d. That they are void, as being repugnant to the legislation of Congress, in their application to purchasers from impoiters, of whom the plaintiff is ohe ; and -hereunder he submits the following analysis of his argument.
1st. The statutes of Massachusetts are not auxiliary to, coopera-
tive with. and -merely regulative of, the legislation of Congress, which admits foreign spirits to importation under prescribed rates of
duty,, but are antagonistical to and in contravention of it, since they seek to diminish and discourage the sales of imported spirits to a greater degree than the legislation of. Congress seeks to do it, upon the ground that the policy of Congress in this behalf is an erroneous
policy. To maintain this, the object and operation of the Massachusetts
statutes, and the policy and the principle of constitutional power. upon which they proceed, are to be considered.
Without a license, no one can sell, in a single instance, spirits to
be used on the premises of the vendor, and no one'can.sell them for the purpose of being carried away, in a less quantity than twentyeight gallons, which must be bought and removed all at one time.
The result, therefore, is, that without a license no one can sell spirits to be used, or to be carried away for use, since no-one pur-
chases for use .so large a quantity as twenty-eight gallons to be car-
ried away at one time. Witmout a license, therefore, no one can sell at all byretail ; and
the retail trade in spirits, the sale of spirits for use, is suppressed.
2d. No one is entitled to a license, or can exact it, whatever be
bis. character or fitness to trade. No court or person is required to give a license. A tribunal
called county commissioners, chosen by the people of the counties, may, if in its judgment the public good requires it, grant licenses; but even in such-case is not required to grant them.
For the last si 'years none have been granted in the county of the plaintiff's residence, containing more than one hundred thousand
inhabitants. This withholding of licenses is no fraud on the Massachusetts
statutes, but in perfect conformity with them. -In conformity with the law, then, all sales of spirits for use may
be totally prohibited in Massachusetts,
These laws design.to do just what can be legally, and without defraudin6 them, done under them.
They cesign, then, t6 restrain all sales of spirits for use ; and they do this- upon a general principle of policy, to wit :-that such sales, for such purpose) by whotisoever made, are a public evil.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

513

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

The difference, therefore, between them and all laws of mere policy, of quarantine, health, harbours, storage of gunpowder, and
the like, is, that those laws are auxiliary to, in aid and furtherance
of, co-operative with, the Congressional legislation, while these
deny its policy, and thwart and restrain its operations.
These statutes do not confine themselves to providing for suitable
persons, places, and modes of selling foreign spirits, so as to secure
the largest amount of traffic in the most expedient and prudent manner ; but they- mean, substantially and effectually, to put an end to
the traffic.
The plaintiff in error, therefore, will discuss thesd laws, as if they did, in terms, prohibit all persons who buy of importers from reselling, since they do substantially so operate ; and they assert. a principle of power broad enough to go to that extent.
The general question, therefore, is this. Is a State law, prohibiting purchasers of spirits from importers to resell, on the ground that, for moral, medical, economical, or other reasons, the public good will not be promoted by such sale, repugnant to the acts of
Congress, and to treaties authorizing importations of such spirits ? These sales were in 1841, and subsequent. The acts of Con-
gress are, 1832, ch. 227, 4 Statutes at Large, 583; 1833,, ch.
55, 4 ibid. 629 ; 4 ibid. 25 ; 3 ibid. 310. Theseauthorize importations in casks of fifteen gallons. 2d. What is the extent of the effect of an act of Congress au-
thorizing importations ? I. Regarded as a license to, or contract with, the importer, com-
municating a right to sell, according to the view in Brown v. Mary-
land, 447, what is its extent ? The plaintiff contends that it would be repugnant to, and in fraud
of, &helicense, either to ordain that Ao one shall buy of the importer, or. to ordain that no one, having bought, shall resell, because either
prohibiti6n would totally defeat the license itself. The license is a license to carry the article to market, to trade in*it, to have access with it to the consuming capacity of the country.
The grounds on which Congress legislate, in passing such an act, *andthe just expectatidns and reasonings of the importer, 'prove this.
The interception of the article in the hands of the first buyer, on its. way to a market, excludes it from market, and shuts the im-
porter from the country as really as if he were prohibited to sell. 2. Regarded as Congressional legislation, an act authorizing im-
portations of spirits is a legislative determination that the foreign article may properly, and shall, enter into the consumption bf the country, and be sold in the interior market thereof ; and the MassachusQtts 8tatutes are intended to contravene that determination, upon a directly opposite view of policy.
3. Congress has the constitutional power to determine, on gen-
era) grounds of policy, what foreign articles shall enter into the-con-

514

SUPREME COURT.',

License Cases.-Thurlow v., Massachusetts.

sumption of the country, and be sold in the domestic market, and to what extent ; and it exercises'this power by an act laying duties.It determines that all which can be introduced and sold under such a rate of duties shall be, and the power of the States is merely auxiliary, coiperative, and regulative, securing proper persons bywhom the traffic shall be conducted, but not discountenancing and discouraging the traffic itself. That power thesb statutes transcend.
It may'be proper, also, in this connection, to reprint the abstract of the argument of Mr. Hallett, upon the same side, to show the reasons given for the doctrine sustained by the counsel for the plaintiff in error. Mr. Hallett's abstract was as follows -

Are the laws of Massachusetts concerning'the sale of imported wines and spirits constitutional and valid ?
We contend they. are not, because, -, 1. No State can prohibit, by wholesale or retail, the sale of merchandise authorized by a valid law of Congress, or by treaties, to be imported-into its markets ; the retail sale being as indispensable to the object of importation, viz. use and consumption, as the
wholesale. 2. The laws- of 'the United States nowhere recognize any dis-
tinction between the wholesale and retail of imported merchandise,
as connected with.the right of the importer to introduce such merchandise, for use and consumption, into the markets of the United
States. 3. Every concurrent or other pcwer in a State is subject in its
exercise to this limitation, that in the event of .collision, the law of the, State must yield to the law of Congress, constitutionally passed. New York v. Miln, 11 Peters, 102 ; Commonwealth v. Kimball,
24 Pick. 359. . 4. If Congress has the power to'regulate a subject-matter, a State
cannot interfere to oppose or impede such regulation. The general govermment though limited, is supreme as to those objects over which it has power: Martin v. Hunter, I Wheat. 304; Cohens v.
Virginia, 6 Wheat. 384 ; Prigg v. Pennsylvania, 16 Peters, 539. 5. The commerce which Congress may regulate is something
more than traffic. It is every species of commercial intercourse between the United States and foreign nations, and among the several States. " These words [regulate commerce] comprehend every species of commercial intercourse between the United States and foreign nations. No sort of trade can be carried on between this country'and another to which this power does not extend."
Gibbons v. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 189, 193, 194. 6. The exercise of the rower of a State to regulate its internal
commerce must not conflict with, and cannot control; the power of
Congress to regulate foreign commerce, and commerce among the States. *The internal commerce on which a State can act, inde-

JANUARY. TERM, 1847.

515

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

pendent of a law of Congress affecting the same, must be trade, or
dealing in articles not connected with the operation of a valid law of the United States. It must be " completely internal," local,
and not connected with the United States government, in the exercise of its power to regulate commerce, and to lay and collect
duties and imposts.
7. " The power [of the United States] to regulate commerce, must not terminate at the boundarieg of the State, Eut must enter its interior. The power is coextensive with the subject on which it acts." Brown v. Maryland, 12 Wheat. 446.
8. If a State, under the power of regulating her internal commerce, can exclusively regulate or control (to the extent of prohibition) commerce in imported merchandise, up to her boundaries, or the instant it shall pass, in bulk, from the hands of the imporifr,
she can thereby exclude foreign commerce, and deny her markets to f9reign nations.
-9 If a' State has no such power of prohibition, she cannot em. power her officers or agents, to do what she cannot do herself, viz., prohibit internal commerce in foreign merchandise. Sup'pose the legislature of Massachusetts, instead of conferring thispower of prohibition upon county commissioners, to be exercised in their uncontrolled discretion, should retain it, to' be exercised by herself; it would be unlawful legislation, and collision of a State law with a
law of the United States.10. The laws of Massachusetts, of which the plaintiff in error
complains as unconstitutional, are, in respect to commerce and trade in this description of imported merchandise, a law of prohibition,
because they assume to provide for licenses to persons to sell, and then empower the agents they create to refuse all such licenses, without cause ; and it punishes all sellers in.quantities less than
twenty-eight gallons, without such license ; and, in fact, no such license can be obtained. Both the intent and the operation of these laws are, therefore, prohibitory.
I I. If it be said that it depends upon the administration of this law, whether it be constitutional or not, and therefore a law may be constitutional though its operation may be unconstitutional, the answer is, that a State cannot so frame a law as that under one sort of administration it is constitutional, and under, another unconstitutional, and both operations be lawful, and thus the law be valid.
12. If a law of a State provides for and contemplates collision with a law of the United States, the former is invalid, and must yield whenever the collision arises.
13. The counsel for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts admits
that the law complained of becomes prohibitory against this description of imported merchandise, whenever the public sentiment of'a majority electing the county commissioners requires prohibition; If this be valid State legislation, then the power of Congress to reg-

516

SUPREME COURT.

Laccbnse Cases. -Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

ulate commerce in imported merchandise is subordinate to the disposition of the legislat re of a State to exclude it from their
markets. 14. The laws of Congress make no distinctionbetween commerce
in imported wines and spirits and other foreign merchandise. A
recognition of the power of a State to exclude the first from its
markets, whenever public sentiment requires it, must embrace the like power in respect to all other descriptions of imports, whenever the public sentiment in a State demands its exercise.
15. There is no preeminence given to that class of State legis-
lation denominated police laws over other laws, whenever they
come in collision with the lawful exercise of a power of Congress ; and in such case the latter, by the terms of the constitution, shall
be the supreme law of the land. 16. The law of Massachussetts in question, is not a health law
against contagion or infectipn in the article imported ; it aims to
keep it out of the bands of the consumer, on the ground of its abuse in excess of use. Health laws may exclude all such portions or carg6es of an article of commerce as are infectious ; but they cannot exclude a whole class of imported merchandise, on the ground that infected portions or cargoes of it have been, or may be,
imported. 17. Infected' articles of commerce may rightfully be excluded
from passing the boundary of a State, and reaching the hands of the importer, as well as the consumer. But a State cannot (under Brown v. Maryland, 12 Wheat.) exclude imported wines and spirits, or any sound articl of commerce, frQm reaching the importer ;.and this is an obvious distinction between health laws and a law of prohibition to cut off the transfer of a sound article from the importer to the consumer.
18. The point where regulation ceases and prohibition begins is the point of collision, and of unconstitutional operation, of.a State law affecting foreign commerce. In this respect a .State law becomes a 'law of prohibition when it punish~s all who sell without license, and confers the wholeallploicweenrs,eos.f licensing on agents, with express authority to withhold
. 19. In any and all cases, the power to"deny sale includes the power to prohibit importation ; and the question of power is the. same, whether exercised directly by the legislature, or indirectly by its agents thereto authorized.
20. The operation of the law of Massachusetts on foreign.wines and spirits deprives imported articles of their vendible quality.
This such law cannot rightfully do, for the whole course of legislation by Congress.shows that the right to.sell is connected with the payment of duties, and the right to sell must extend beyond-the importer, or'it is an inoperative right.
21. The hrgument on the other- side is, that if the power to

JANIURRY TERM, 1847.

517

License Caes.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

regulate commerce can follow the imported article, with its vendi-

ble quality attached, into a State, it can compel consumption by

the citizens of that State. This confounds the mere commercial

ight to offer for sale with the power to force purchase. All the

'law of Congres requires in the markets of the United States is a

right to sell and buy ; and when this right ceases, commerce

ceases.

22. The counsel on the other side further argues, that the State

has a right to deny this commerce, whenever her citizens do not

wish to deal in it. But if they do not desire to purchase, there would

be no need of a prohibition of sale. - The law of prohibition pro-

ceeds on the. ground, that if commerce in this article were not denied,

there woold be such commerce ; and therefore it directly interferes

with the law of Congress regulating that comrherce.

23. A State may pass all such laws As she pleases for the safety,

health, or morals of her people, and way use wbatever means sbe

may think proper to that end, subject bnly to this limitation, that in

the event of collision with a law of Congress, the State must yield.

Commonwealth v. Kimball, 24 Pick- 363. · 24. Now, Congress, by law and by treaties, authorizes foreign

commerce with the States in wines and spirits. By the treaty of

indemnity with France, in 1832, the wines of France were "admitted

to consumption in the markets of the United States.." The law of

Massachusetts shuts her markets against the fair and just operation

of these laws and tre'aties of the United States, and renders them

so far inoperative.

25. The general view as to the .prohibitory provisions- of the

laws of Massachusetts in this matter, taken together, is, that it is a

blending of two powers to be exercised at pleasure under the

statute: cne legitimate, - to regulafe ; the other unconstitutional,-

to prohibit, whenever the public sentiment- in the State comes up

to that point.

26. Massachusetts assumes to abolish foreign commerce in her

markets in imported spirits, on the ground of thereby preserving the

health and morals of the 'people ; but at the same time, in her in-

ternal commerce and exports, she encourages, without tax or excise,

an annual manufacture by her citizens of' 5,177,910 gallons of

domestic spirits, which is one eighth part of the-whole product of

the United States in spirits distilled from molasses and grain.

27. Congress has not changed its policy ,.in this respect, "but

Massachusetts has changed hers, in opposition to the laws of Con-

gress. Until 1837i the laws ,of Massachusetts uniformly providsd

for the sale and consumption of wines and. ardent spirits imported

into her markets. The nct of 1786, ch. 68 (1 Mass. Laws,

297), was in force with additional acts till 1832. By section "fif-

teen, the general sessions werb not to license more.p-ersons in any

town than they shall judge necessary, for refreshment of traIVellrs,

VbL. V.

4.4

Sig

S'1PREME 0OURT

License Casel ;-'Thurlow v. Masachusotts.

or are necessary for' the public good, by which was meant the
publio convenience. Act of 1792, ch. 25, p. 417, required all persons to be licensed, on satisfactory evidence of fitness, and that such license will be subservient to the public good. Additional Acts, 1807, ch. 127 ; 1816; ch. 112; 1818, ch. 65.
The act of 1832, ch. 166, reduced the maximum4o ten gallons,
and provided for a new class, victuallers. The commissioners to license, as innholders and retailers, as many applicants as they shal decide.the public good may require. Thelaw now in force (Rev. Stat., ch. 47, 1835). altered this provision, to power tb county cancn4 "missionersto license as 'many persons as they shall think the public good'may require. I Then followed the declaratory act of 1837, ch. 242, that the cbmmissioners might withhold all licenses in their discretion.
The act of 1838, ch. 157 (commonly called The Fifteen-galon 'Law), made penal - all sales of spirituous liquors less 'than &fteen gallons; licensed .only apothecaries to sell, for medicine and the arts, and punished the sale by them, if, to be drank ; and. e' pealed all laws inconsistent with this act. . This brought up the question of probhiblion. The anot was 'con-
tested in the, courts 'of Massachusetts as unconstitutional, but was not decided there before it.was repealed, in 1840, without any res-
ervations. The Supreme ,Court of that State thereupon, decidodd in 1840, that the repeal revived the preexisting laws, chap, 47 of
Rev. Stat., and chap. 242 of 1837 (Commonwealth v. -Churchill,
2 Metcalf, 118). Since then no licenses have been granted. The paintiff's first sale in the case at bar was in May, 1841; and, this case has been brought up on writ of error as soon as the laws of Massachusetts and the decisions of her highest court have estab-
lished prohibition as the law of that State. 28. The law of Massachusetts comes in collision with the power
of dongress over revenue, which is a supreme pover, used las a substitute for taxation. With this view, the constitution requires that "all duties shall he uniform throughout the United States."
If Massachusetts, by her laws, can exclude one or more articles of import, she pays so much less revenue than other States that admit all. This makes the operation unequal so far, arising from the legislation of Massachusetts adverse io the power of Gongtess to colleot revenue in al.-the States. Suppose the duty on foreign, wines and spirits to be one' fourteenth part of all the revenue, the States can cut that off, if this legislation is valid; ard, by the same rule, all other sources to collect revenue are wholly destroyed.
29. So of the treaty-making -power. The United States has power tQ reciprocate its markets with the markets of foreign nations ; but if a State can shut its markets against any one or more of the articles admitted, by denying sale, the United States cannot in good faith perform any' such reciprocal engagement.

JANUARY TE'R', -1847.

&19

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

30. The laws of Massachuetts, therefore, which, by their provisions, and their operation in conformity to such provisions, prohibit all commerce in wines and spirits in quantities under twentyeight gallons, ate repugnant to the constitution and laws of the
United States,-
1st. In the 'power to regulate foreign commerce. 2d. In the power t6 collect revenue on imports into the several
States. 3d. In the equal apportionment of taxes and duties in all the
States ; and,
4th. In the power to make treaties.

,Mr.Davis; for the State. The following is a sketch of the argument, and shows the positions assumed and maintained by him for the defendant in error.
The broad ground assumed by the plaintiff's counsel is, that the statute of Massachusetts is unconstitutional, becahse it "prohibith, restrains, controls, or prevents the sale of imported wines and spirituous liquors, by retail or otherwise, in the State."
To make the policy of Massachusetts, in restraining an indiscriminate traffic in intoxicating drinks, intelligible. we ,must under-
stnd its history, and the stat6 and condition of things when the constitution of the United States xias made.
The court has often declared, that in a complicated system, which establishes two governments over the same people, it is necessary, in considering questionaof power, to look into contemporaneous facts ; that the objects designed to be secured by the federal' con-
stitution may be understood, and, if possible, carried into effect. The context of the instrument is not alone to be regarded, but
the whole machinery of government ; and care must be taken, in carrying out the fundamental principles, that the purpose of .the framers is not frustrated.
As the power of Massachusetts to make laws restraining traffic in intoxicating drinks is denied, I shall, as a preliminary step, briefly state the history of her legislation upon this subject, and point out the consequences which will follow if this doctrine is maintained.
The law of Massachusetts was revised in 1836; but acts similar in principle, and nearly so in detail, have existed for more than two centuries, and been enforced by her judicial tribunals. Ancient Charters, 135, 314, 433 ; Laws of Mass., 1786, ch. 68 ; Revised Statutes, ch. 47, and several other statutes.
The law, substantantially as it now is, forbidding a sale vithout a license in less quantities than twenty-eight gallons, was made' in 1786, and was in force when the fede ral constitution was ratified, and has, with immaterial modifications, remained so from that time
to this. From thence till this time,. the'.revenue system of the United

520

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-thurlow v. Massachusetts.

States has been in force; and the laws which are now supposed to conflict have during all that time worked harmoniously together.
After a lapse of fifty-six years, it is now first discovered that the State is trenching upon the power of the United States, and impairing the revenue by restraining the sale of imported wines and
spirits.
Let it be remembered, however, that the United States do not and have not complained of any wrong done by the State ; nor has any question ever been agitated in that quarter, in regard to the diminution of the revenue; which makes it -quite apparent that no serious inconvenience is felt.
While, however, I admit the right of the plaintiff to appeal to this court, I must observe, that, although this long acquiescence may not prove the law of the State to be constitutional, it estab-
lishes the fact that it has produced no noticeable or sensible influence upon the revenue or the revenue power of the United States.It would seem, also, to be a clear indication that the federal government is not hostile to the policy, of Massachusetts, or anxious to promote drinking to increase the revenue.
It also proves, that the State has at all times during its organization as a body politic considered restraint in the traffic of spirits as essential to the public welfare.
But the State is not an exception to other communities in this respect, but has followed out a principle which has been maintained
and'enforced through all ages among the civilized nations. JXr. Davis then proceeded to prove, from historical authority.,
that the ancient Egyptians, the Greeks, the Romans,. and the more Eastm nations did, through most periods of their cxistence, main-lain rigid and severe restrictions upon the use of wine, and that excessive indulgence at all times was esteemed criminal.
He referred also to China, and the bordering nations, where abstinence from intoxicating drinks was enforced as a religious duty. Re referred also to the Western nations of Europe, whose opinions and laws were equally condemnatory of excessive' indulgence, and remarked that but one opinion prevailed through all ages.
He said, that the common law of England and this country frowned upon intemperance, and held it to be without apology ; for, while mental alienation by the providence of God was a juafieation of crime, when it occurred by drink it was not ; but the party was held answerable, because his insanity was occasioned by his own folly.
Even in thq new settlement of Oregon, made up of people con-
gregated from different parts of the earth, the oale and manufacture of spirits was forbidden by law.
But theie was no occasion to multiply proofs of public opinion, for intemperance was everywhere deprecated and lamented, and had almost everywhere fallen under the condemnation of legal re-

JANUARY TERM. 1847.

521

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

straint, by enactments for that purpose, or by taxation. Experience had everywhere proved that there was a proneness in the human appetite to excess which requires control.
It should be observed, that the ancients were unacquainted with alcohol, and used wine in its simplest and most unobjectionable forms; while upon the moderns the double duty is devolved of
contending against the demoralizing effects of both.
The train of evils which mark the progress of intemperance is too obvious to require comment. It. brings with it degradation of character, impairs the moral and physical energies, wastes the health, increases the number of paupers and criminals, undermines the morals, and sinks its victims to the lowest depths of vice and
profligacy.
In proof of this, there were in New York, in 1845, 26,114 paupers, 6,245 of whom were reduced to that condition by intemperance. In the same year there were in Massachusetts 14,308, and 6,740 were addicted to excessive drinking.
In the Singsing penitentiary, in 1845, there were 861 convicts, and 504 of these had been intemperate. The returns of other poor-houses and penitentiaries are equally startling.
These facts prove that intemperance is an evil of all-pervading magnitude, and that all ages and communities have set upon it the
seal of disapprobation.
Such being its character, and such the evils which it engenders, the Colony, the Province, and the State of Mfassachusetts held it to be an imperative duty to check its progress by suitable restraint, and to promote sobriety and temperance by wholesome regulations.
Her law stood upon her statute-book when the federal constitu-
tion was made, and there it still remains. No argument can make the fact clearer, that she has at all -times
esteemed legal restraint as indispensable to the public welfare. Suppose, then, that the law of the State should be held uncon-
stitutional, and she should be denied the power-to legislate upon the
subject ; what consequences would follow ? It will appear in the progress of thi5 inquiry, that the United
States have no power to regulate the traffic in wines and. spirits within the States ; and if the State has no 'such power, then the
right is abrogated. Is not such a result hostile to the intent of all parties to the
constitution ? The framers did not intend it, and the- States could
not have contemplated it. The United States are as much interested in the preservation of
life, health, and morals as the States can be, and the motive to avert pauperism, crime, and profligacy must, with them, be equally persuasive. The policy and duty of the federal and State govern-
ments must obviously be concurrent, and cannot be arrayed in hostile attitude without violence to both.
44 *

SUPREME COURT.
License Cases.-Thurlow v Massachusetts.
Neither the United States, nor \h 9 State of Massachusetts, could, therefore, when making the constitution, have anticipated the abrogation of this power ; and if it has been done, it is contrary to the intent of the parties. This is inferable, not only from what has been stated, but from the fact that these parties have moved on in their respective spheres for fifty-six years, in the ex.ercise of their respective claims to power, withoat conflict and without entertaining a suspicion that the State has been enforcing laws without authority and in violation of right.
It would be a singular result, and one to be deprecated, if, in giving construction to the constitution, the court should arrive at a conclusion injurious both to the United States and the States; a result which both would deplore as hostile to their best interests, and subversive of the purposes which they had in view when they -entered into the constitutional compact.
Nothing but a commanding necessity can sanction such a step, and it never will be taken unless under an imperiously pressing sense of duty.
With such facts and circumstances as these surrounding it, we come to the consideration of the question, whether the law of Massachusettsis constitutional.
The plaintiff in error-assumes the affirmative, and must establish the fact that it is incompatible with, or repugnant to, the constitution and laws of the United States.
It will not be denied that the -federal government has no powers except such as are granted to it and are enumerated in the consti-
tution. On the other hand, it is equally clear and indisputable, that the
States retain in themselves all powers not so granted or prohibited by the constitution. This is an irresistible inference ; but the States made it doubly certain, by declaring in an amendment the fact, in the most clear and explicit terms.
While, therefore, the United States hold the powers which are granted, the States hold those which are not granted or prohibited, and both are fully sanctioned and maintained by the constitution.
The plaintiff, therefore, must maintain that Massachusetts has, in making her law, exercised a power not reserved to her. -
. He makes it a question concerning commerce. He contends -that the law, in effect, regulates foreign trade, the power to do which is confided to the United States.
The ground assumed is, that .the United States authorize importations, and levy upon them a duty for revenue ; that the right to sell is incident to the right to import, and cannot be controlled or Yegulated by the State in such:a manner as to diminish the sales or to impair the revenue.
The constitution declares, that Congress has power " to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and -withthe Indian tribes."

JANUARY TERM, .1847.

523

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

These words give all the authority which the United States have over commerce.
The power is manifestly limited to commerce with foreign nations, commerce among the States, and commerce with the Indian tribes. The grant covers these three kinds of commerce, and
nothing more. In this case, commerce with foreign nations alone is to be con-
sidered. The domestic commerce is necessarily excluded ; for it is neither foreign, nor is it trade among the States, nor with the In-
dian tribes. This inference is not only apparent from the language of the
constitution, but is fully sustained by authority.
In Gibbons v. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 203, the court, in commenting on inspection laws, employ the following language: -" They form a portion of that immense mass of legislation which embraces every thing within the territory of a State, not surrendered to the general government ; all which can be most advantageously exercised by the States themselves. Inspection laws, quarantine laws, health laws of every description, as well as laws for regulating the internal commerce of a State, are component parts of this mass.
..... No direct general power over these objects is granted to Congress ; and consequently they remain subject to State legisla-
tion."
Again, in the same case the court speak of the power to regulate the internal trade and commerce of a-State as an acknowledged .power of the State.
It is, therefore, judicially settled, that the power to regulate the internal commerce of a State is reserved to and resides in it.
Such being the partition of powers between the States and the United States, I come to the inquiry, What is the character of the' law of Mlassachusetts.? Upon what basis' does it stand, and from what powe5 or right in the State is it derived ? And I shall co4tend that it is a regulation of the internal commerce of the State, having for its object the preservation of order, morals, and health, and intended to discourage intemperance and to promote sobriety. And such being its general characteristics, I shall also contend further, that it falls within that class of laws generally called" police
regulations.
The trade intended to be regulated is completely internal, and spread over the whole territory of the State. That the regulation of such a commerce belongs to the State is evident, not only from the authority cited, but from the language of the court at page 195 of the salne case. " The completely internal commerce of a State," says Chief Justice Marshall, "then, may be considered as
reserved for the State itself." The State has furthermore a right to provide for the health of its
citizens by police regulations. In Gibbons v.Ogden, 9 Wheat. 205,

524

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Wassachuietts.

-the court say of quarantine and healt 9Lws - They are considered as flowing from the acknowledged power of the State to provide for the health of its citizens"; again, at page 208, " the
aclknowledged power of a State to regulate its police, its domestic trade, and to govern its own citizens," is spoken of as unquestioned. . It may, then, be assumed on authority which does not admit- of doubt, that a State has a right to regulate its internal commerce,
and to provide for the health and government of its citizens by sitable laws. That such regulations are considered by this court to he police laws will not be doubted.
These propositions are sustained by high authority. The State possesses the undeniable right to regulate its internal trade, and to maintain municipal or police regulations to "prptect and promote the welfare of the people.
That a law rdstraining an indiscraninate traffic in wines and spirits, and designed to protect life and health by promoting temperance and sobriety, is a police law canhot be luestioned. I The law of Massachusetts being, then, a measure relating to a trade completely internal, ind a police regulation, is, in all its aspects, founded- on an acknowledged power which is vested iW the State by the provisions of the constitution.
This being the highest source of authority, it would seem sufficiently to justify and maintain the law.
But it is contended that ever this foundation may fail a-State in cases of conflict ; for the law of the United States is supreme, and must, in such cases, prevail against the admitted right of a State.
Our system is obviously* complicated, because the federal and State governments extend over the same territory and people, and act upon the same persons and things. For example, foreign commerce isdestined to become internal, and internal to become foreign. This flux and reflux from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, brings the laws iIntoThciosntoapcte,nsandthethe jurisdictions impinge upon each other.
question, Which in such cases shall prevail ?
The answer has been, that federal power in such cases is para-
mount and supreme. This is sometimes said to be an axiom to which .State authority must bow in submission, But if we admit
the authority, the question still remains, How far does this implied supremacy extend over the acknowledged powers of the States? Is it unlimited, and must a State yield to its touch whenever felt?
No one, I believe, will urge the doctrine to this extremity. The decisions of this tribunal will establish the fact, that the su-
premacy of federal power in cases of conflict has boundaries and limits, and that the action of State laws derived Irom powers re-
served to the States is never unconstitutional until it becomes. incompatible with, or repugnant to, the federal laws.
But what is incompatibiIit ? What is repugnancy ? This in-

JANUARY'fER , 1847.

License Cases.-Thrlow v. Massachusetts.

quiry often presenus perplexing considerations, because no fixo,

determinate rule can be laid down by which cases can. be tested ;

but each case, as it comes up, is'left to be decided by the facts which

surround it. Whenever State power touches that of the United

States, whoever may profit by it is anxious to make out a case of

;ncompatibility or repugnancy, and. thus every seeming cQnflict is

liable to become a matter of judicial investigation ; and there is a

constant disposition manifested to expana the power of the general

government, aiid to contract that df the States.

We are not, however, without authority which throws no indon-

siderable light on this inquiry. The learned commentator upon the

constitution, 1 Com. 432, after an examination of all the authori-

ties, sums up the result :- " In cases of implied limitations or pro-

hibitions of power [and this is one) it is not sufficient to show a

possible or potentalnconvenience. There must be a plain incom-

patibility, a direct repugnancy, or an extreme inconvenience, leading

irresistibly to the same conclusion."

its power in any way or

formU,ndaenrd tth&is arnuyleexateSntta,teif mitasyaecxtieorncisuepon federal power does not

amount to manifest incompatibility or direct repugnancy. The fact

of incompatibility or repugnancy must not be equivocal, bdt clear

and certain. In cases of incompatibility, it must be apparent thit

the laws of the United States and a State supposed to be in conflict

cannot stand together, or be reconciled or harmonized with each

other. The whole doctrine of repugnancy and incompatibility is

*confined within these narrow limits. It is applied, in fact, only to

cases where the power of a State so acts upon a power of the

United States as substantially to subvert or defeat it. In such

cases only has the supremacy of the federal law been mainL: .d

over constitutional. State power. The. rule clearly implies, in all

cases of doubt, that the-power of the State is to prevail against this

implied right of supremacy. Even potential inconvenience is not

to be regarded, but must be tolerated as long as it falls short of-in-

compatibility or repugnancy.

It requires but little consideration of the subject to justify these

cautious limits of power ; for if the laws of the State must recede

before those of the United States whenever'they come into contact,

it is manifest that State power would be in imminent danger -of

being. obliterated ; for, as State power yields, federal power must

follow and press upon it. The dangers which' beset. the exercise

of power by sovereignties whose limits of authority are not ascer-

tainable cannot be more forcibly degcribed than in the language of

the late chief justice, in McCullQch v. Maryland, 4 Wheat. 316,

430. After stating the grounds upon which the decision rested, the

learned judge says -" We are relievel, as we ought to be, from

clashing sovereignty; firo'm interfering powers; from repugnancy

betwee a right in one government to pull down what there is an

526

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

acknowledged right in another to build up ; from the incompatibility of a right in one government to destroy what there is a right in another to preserve ; -we are not driven to the perplexing inquiry, so unfit for the judicial department, what degree of taxation is the legitimate use, and what degree the abuse, of power." The court
congratulated itselfupon having discovered the limits of sovereignty without resorting to the implied right of supremacy on the part of the United States, which necessarily involved the most conflicting
and dangerous considerations. This case is but one among the many proofs given by this court
of a uniform and anxious desire to give full and free scope to the powers of the respective governments, and to harmonize, if possible, their action, without asserting the supreme authority of the federal constitution over the acknowledged powers of the States. This can never he done when it subverts the lawful power of the States without creating alarm, and impairing the stability of the'Union.
The caitious and almost reluctant m ner in which this. court have applied this doctrine of supremacy over acknowledged State power is manifest in many of its decisions, which prove incontestably its disposition to avoid such conflict if possible.
It has already been shown. from Gibbons v. Ogden, "that in-
spection laws, quarantine laws, health laws of every description, as well as laws for regulating the internal commerce of a State," originate from powers which are reserved to the States. What is the character of those laws, and how are they executed ? The answer will show how far the power of a State may be carried without incompatibility or repugnancy.
They deal -with foreign commerce, asserting, as will appear by their piovisions, absolute control over it for certain purposes which are connected with the public welfare and safety.
The inspection laws authorize the detention and examination of merchandise, and the imposition of marks which denote its true
character, and often affect its value. Quarantine laws direct possession to be taken of vessels arriving,
and require them, with their crews, passengers, and cargoes, to be
detained, and forbid intercourse with the shore The health laws carry with them a similar authority, and provide
not only for detention, but for the purification, and, if necessary, the destruction of the cargo.
In Brown v. Maryland, 12 Wheat. 443, the court observe, "that the power to direct the removal of gunpowder is a branch of the police power which unquestionably remains and ought to remain with the States." They add, also, that "the removal or destruction
of infectious cr unsound articles is undoubtedly a branch of the same
power." These laws interfere directly with foreign commerce, asserting a
right to control men, vessels, and cargoes, before a voyage is
completed,

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

BW

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

Harbour laws, ballast laws, &c., are of a similar character, aird

hence it has been supposed that they are regulations of foreign

commerce.

But this court repel this conclusion, and maintain their constitu-

tionality, because they are police regulations of the States, and

derived from a right reserved to make and execute such laws ; and

are not, therefore, regulations of foreign commerce, though, for the

purposes of protecting, life, health, and property, they necessarily

deal with it. The court go farther, and also maintain, that such

laws are not incompatible with or repugnant to the laws of the

United States which relate to foreign commerce, and therefore nQ

objection exists to the exercise of such power by the States over

foreign commerce.

It is manifest from -these authorities, that State power,.and es-

pecially police power, may be exercised upon matters within the

jurisdiction and under the control of the United States without in-

compatibility or repugnance. The protection of life, health, and

property demand it. The right to do it is acknowledged, and

cannot be questioned, unless its exercise defeats or subverts the

power of the United States ; then, and in such cases only, it is

viewed as incompatible or repugnant.

This brings the doctrine ofrepugancy and incompatibility, when

asserted against the rightful power of a State, into narrow limits ;

and it is believed that no case has yet.occurred befdre this court, in

which the power of the United States, because it is supreme, has

been extended by implication so as to defeat or. overrule the ac-

knowledged authority of a State, unless concurrent powers consti-

tute an exception.

It is further manifest, that the right of a State to make police laws,

is unquestioned, because, as the court declare, it is :among the re-

served rights. This power, I have shown, has been and is exer-

cised in a great variety of ways, and in many forms, over foreign

commerce.

It is obvious, therefore, that it constitutes the boundaries of

sovereignty, and is paramount to the power of the United States in

all cases, except where it defeats or subverts the granted powers of.

the United States.

N

It is further obvious, that the dourt will not consider a State law,

made-in the exercise of lawful authority,'ind in the exercise "of a

powei" belonging to the State, a law regulating'foreign commerce,

though it may act upop and influence such commerce.:

It is also obvious, that the court has never denied, but, on the

other hand, has always admitted, the right of a State to make police

regulations, to protect life, 'health, and the property of the citizens,

and the right to extend this protection against the dangers incident

to foreign commerce has uniformly been distinctly recognized.

It can-neither be.admitted nor maintained that the United Statds,

528

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

under a general power to regulate foreign commerce, has a right, without restraint, and in defiance of State powers, to import disease and pestilence, to fill the country with infamous persons, or to debauch the public morals. Such is not the design of the constitution ; and if such a right shall be successfully asserted, it will soon prove that the federal and State governments cannot exist together.
Such are the restraints which oppose the extension of federal power, in cases of apparent conflict, on the ground that it is supreme.
A careful examination of the many decision's will prove that the court has anxiously studied to fix, as far as circumstances will permit, definite boundaries to sovereignty, leaving them to depend as
little as possible upon questions of incompatibility or repugnancy. The police lairs of the State have uniformly been maintained, on
the ground that Ihe States have a right to make them, and this right is not to be questioned, although in the exercise of it the laws
and power of the United States are and must be affected, or the remedy-against alarming evils be incomplete. It seems to me that the court have practically, and for the best of reasons, placed such laws on the groand that they emanate from exclusive and independent powers enjoyed by the States.
This position has been gradually approached, with a watchful solicitude at every step taken in advance.
In New York v. Miln, 11 Peters, 102, a regxamination of the authorities was made, and the grounds of tbe opinion there delivered are stated with great clearness (p. 139). After discussing the principles so ably laid down in Gibbons v. Ogden, the learned judge
says: - "We do not place our opinion upon this ground. We choose rather to plant, ourselves on what we consider impregnable
positions. They are these,'that: a State has the same undeniable and unlimited jurisdiction over all persons and things within its territorial limits as any foreign nation, where that jurisdiction is
not surrendered or restrained by the constitution of the United States.; that, by virtue of this, it is not only th6 right but the bounden and solemn duty of a State to advance the happiness, the safety, and prosperity of its people, and to provide for its general
welfare by any and every act of legislation which it may deem conducive to these ends, where the power over the particular subject, or the manner of its exercise, is not surrendered or restrained in the
manner just stated ; that all those powers Which relate. to merely
municipal legislation, or what may perhaps be more properly called internal' police, are not thus surrendered or restrained'; and that consequently, in relation to these, the authority of a State is complete, unqualified, and exclusive."
This authority defines the great question of boundary between the sovereignties with an accurracy which cannot be mistaken, so far as
regards police laws. The powers mnot conceded or prohibited by the constitution re-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

529

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Alassachusetts.

min in the States unchanged, unaltered, and unimpaired, and as fully

in force as if no constitution had been made.

None of those powers which relate to municipal legislation or

internal police have been surrendered or restrained, but are com-

plete, unqualified, and exclusive.

If they are complete, the State has. the whole and the sole enjoy-

- ment.

If they are unqualified, they remain as they were, unaltered and

unchanged.

If they are exclusive, there can be no participation in them by

another.

The inference is 'irresistible, that such powers are independent

of and paramount to the constitution of the United States, and

therefore not subject to any supreme power of the federal govern-

ment in cases of conflict.

This is but carrying out the provisions of the instrument, as they

apparently stand.

It is manifest, that the laws "of the two governments must meet

and mix, because the jurisdictions commingle, and the question is,

Did not the framers of the constitution intend it should be so ?

When they made that instrument, and gave to the United States

the control over foreign commerce, and reserved to the States the

police powers, they knew that life and health and property in -the

States must be provided for ; and they knew then, as well as we

do now, that it could not be done without an interference with

foreign commerce. - Did they not intend, then, when they granted

this power to the United States, that it should be held and enjoyed

subject to the exercise of these reserved powers in the States ?

Such at least is the -effect of this decision, if language has any

meaning ; and this case does little more than carry out the princi-

ples which had.been previously maintained in practice.

The police laws had in fact everywhere been maintained against

the supreme power of the United States, notwithstanding this ob-

vious interference.

The pressure of this principle of supremacy was forced upon the

States with such zeal, and the supposed cases of incompatibility be-

came so frequent, that the exigencies of the times demanded a

positive rule to the extent that it could be safely established.

The step was taken eleven years ago, and what inconvenience has been experienced ? In what has the power of the United States

been impaired or disturbed ? Who has sensibly felt any change ?

Whose interests have not been well provided for, and safely pro-

tected ? Much has been said and sung by the theorists ; but the

laws have been well harmonized, and the public have been well

satisfied.

In regard to constitutional principle, this case is decisive of the

one under consideration, as it admits the authority of a State to

voL. v.

45

530

SUPREME COURT.

I.ikense Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

maintain police regulations in regard to its internal affairs, whatever may be their effect or influence upon the laws of the United States.
All this is conceded when the power. of the State is declared to be complete, unqualified, and exclusive. Commonwealth v. Kimball, 24 Pick. 365 ; Pierce in error v. New Hampshire, Law Re-
porter, Sept. 1845. I have thus far, in speaking of constitutional power, assumed that
the law of Massachusetts is a police measure, made in good faith, to regulate the traffic in intoxicating drinks.
This has, however, been questioned, on the supposition that it is, in fact, a regulation of foreign commerce.
It becomes necessary to look into its provisions, to ascertain whether they are adapted to the professed object, or designed to cover up a specious fraud.
The act requires all retailers, who sell in less quantities than twenty-eight gallons at a time, to first obtain a license from the prop-
er authority. The retailers are tavern-keepers, and small grocers, iv-ing
wherever there is travel and population. The design- of the law is manifestly to- prevent tippling and dis-
order, by promoting temperance and sobriety ; and, whether it be a
regulation of trade or police, or both, relates to affairs completely internal.
Is this a suitable matter to engage legislative attention ? Does such a traffic demand restraint, or does the legislature employ it as a pretext to regulate foreign commerce ?
I have already dwelt sufficiently on this point, and have proved that intemperance is everywhere deprecated and deplored, that the world has raised its voice in remonstrance against an indiscriminate traffic in wines and spirits, and it seems to me that if health, morals, usefulness, and respectability are worthy of public consideration, and merit protection against an insidious foe, the legislature would be criminally guilty in wholly disregarding a matter of such obvious importance; and that the exercise of the power needs no justifi-
cation. But are the provisions of the law suited to the professed object ?
The evident end in view is to place the trade in safe and suitable hands, in the custody of those who will use without abusing it, and mitigate, instead of aggravating, the evils incident to it.
To carry this principle out, the law authorizes the county commissioners, who are elected by the people, and supposed to be an
exponent of public opinion, to license as many innholders and re-
tailers as the public good requires. Can any one desire more ? If suitable persons are to be selected, the mode is probably as un-
objectionable as any which can be devised ; but if no seleqtion is to be made, as is contefided, and all persons are to have a right to demand a license, a law, with such provisions, would cease to be a regulation, and had better.be abolished.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

531

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

Another feature of the law is, that it makes no discrimination between foreign and domestic wines and spirits, but deals with all alike. This would seem to furnish sufficient proof that it has no special reference to the importing trade, but aims at a general regulation,. and is designed to promote temperance and not to regulate
foreign commerce.
When these facts are taken in connection with the antiquity of the policy, no reasonable doubt can exist as to the good faith and sincerity of purpose in the legislature.
But it is objected to the law, that the commissioners may so ex-
ercise their discretion as to impair or defeat the revenue. This argument supposes that judicial officers will abuse their au-
thority. But it is not a question as to the manner of using power,
but of right. A discretion is reposed in all judicial tribunals, where facts are to
be ascertained as the foundation of a judgment. In all such cases, the law may be perverted ; but the abuse is proof of misconduct in
the officer, and not of the unconstitutionality of the law. Whether an applicant for a license is a suitable persohi, and
whether the public good requires the grant to be made, are facts to be ascertained, which must depend upon evidence ; and the questions cannot be decided without an exercise of judgment.
It is difficult to comprehend how a selection of suitable persons, or of suitable places, can be made, without the, exercise of so much discretion as such a decision implies. There is, in fabt, no intermediate ground between this and indiscrimiiate traffic.
But it is further objected to this system, that its whole tendency is to reduce consumption, and to diminish the revenue.'
The State has a right to regulate its internal trade, and to maintain police laws. No condition is annexed to this right, which requires the State to exercise the power without impairing the revenue upon imports. The law may have some remote effect on the revenue ;
but what law or principle of the constitution forbids it ? There can be no repugnancy or incompatibility till the powers of the United States to raise revenue is substantially defeated.
Of such a state of things there is no proof. On the contrary, the license laws have been in operatioh for fifty-six years with the revenue system, and no sensible or noticeable effect has been produced ; not enough eveh to make it a topic of discussion.
If the whole revenue from this source were dried up, it could have
little tendency to defeat or control the financial power of the United States, which is too broad and ample in resources to be materially affected by any such legislation.
But the argument proves too much, - it denies to a State the right to make a law.which tends to impair the revenue of the United
S tates.
The right of taxation is concurrent, and may be and is exercised

532

SUPREME COURT.

Livense Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

by both governments upon the same persons and property. This is
an undeniable right in a State, and yet it is manifest that it cannot be exercised without impairing the resources of the United Stafes.
Slaves are taxable property, and cannot be emancipated without diminishing the resources of revenue ; but will it be contended that a law bf emancipation is unconstitutional for that cause ?
So, too, laws which establish market-days, and forbid sales upon
the Sabbath, have a tendency to restrain indiscriminate traffic.
Without, however, pursuing this reasoning, which might be easily extended, I deny that a diminution in the consumption of wines and spirits raises any presumption that the general revenue is impaired by the process. - On the contrary, my belief is, that, if the facts were to undergo the severest scrutiny, it would turn out quite otherwise. It has never been maintained that a free use of wines and
spirits has any tendency to promote public .prosperity, nor is it denied that an excessive use is manigestly prejudicial. There can be no doubt, that where abstinence or severe temperance prevails ac-
cumulation is increased and the means of subsistence enlarged. These ordinarily go to support existence, and, creating a greater ex-
penditure in the necessaries and comforts of life, con:ibute in other forms to the revenue, giving a gain instead of a loss.
But it is urged that the commissioners may press their powers so far as to exclude consumption ; and if they should, the revenue would probably suffer in no respect, as the general prosperity would
be improved. But, aside from this consideration, I apprehend there is no objec-
tion to such a step. Police laws may be carried to any exteni which the public welfare demands. If the health, the morals, and the welfare of the public demand the exclusion of an evil, there i', a right to shot it out, regardless of revenue and of private interests This power may and should be exercised just to the extent which th-
public exigency demands. Such is the long-established practice in regard to health. If tlf
cargo of a vessel is infected and dangerous,-it is destroyed ; and al
revenue and private interests are sacrificed for the public safety. Gunpowder is required to be landed and stored in a way which saves life and property from jeopardy. Ballast is required to be deposited where it does no mischief to fiavigation. The publication, by sale or otherwise, of obscene hooks, prints, pictures, &c., is an
indictable offence. Yet all such laws are undeniably constitutional, and are maidtained
as police regulations on the ground that the public health, morals, and property demand protection. The right to give this protection
has never been successfully questioned ; and it is evident that legal provisions in such behalf must be such as, to meet t'he emergency. If excessive indulgence in the use of intoxicating drinks bd an evil, and no one will question it, it is the right of the legislature to guard

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

533

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

against it by wise and prudent regulations;, and such regulations obviously fall within the principle which sustains the laws referred to. If the evil be such as to demand stringent provisions, reaching to exclusion, there 'is no constitutional objection to such legislation.
But it is further urged, and some reliance seems to be placed upon it, that the county commissioners of Essex do in fact suppress sales by refusing to grant any licenses.
If such were the fact, the presumption would be, that they have done it because their duty required it, unless the contrary is proved. In New York v. Miln, the court pronounce pauperism to be a moral pestilence ; but pauperism is but one of the many plagues which follow intemperance.
In this case, however, there is no proof of such an exercise of power by the commissioners. It does not appear that the plaintiff in error, or any one else, ever applied for and was refused a license, and an alleged abuse of power cannot be presumed in the absence of all proof. Before the plaintiff can lay any foundation for just cause of complaint, he must prove that he applied, being a suitable person for such an employment, and was refused, when the public good demanded that a license should be granted.
He makes no such case on the record, but places the law itself on trial, instead of the administration of it, and relies upon the proof which it contains on its face of its unconstitutionality.
The commissioners are not and cannot be placed on trial by this record, and whenever their conduct shall be arraigned in a proper manner, I have no doubt they will justify their decisions, whatever
they may be. Another objection which has been urged against the law of Mas-
sachusetts is hostility to the policy of the United States.
What'is the policy of the United States on this subject ? Are we to infer, without proof, that the United States are not equally interested with the State in promoting good morals, in protecting health, in preventing the waste of property "and the increase of crime ? How can the United States have less at stake than the State, or be less interested in cherishing the virtues which make a good population, or in discouraging the vices which lead to the op-
posite result ? On what ground can the promotion of sobriety and temperance
be hostile to the policy of the United'States ? Is it their purpose to debauch public morals, to encourage a lavish waste of property, and to multiply crimes, from the mercenary consideration of deriving revenue from a process of degradation ?
Does the policy of the United States war with the best interests of society, and are they anxious for, revenue at such sacrifices ? What proof is there of such an unnatural state of things ?
It is supposed, that the United States countenance an indiscriminate traffic, because they permit wines and spirits to be imported,
45*

534

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

and lay upon them a duty. This naked fact is alleged to be evidence of a declared purpose to raise the utmost revenue which can be realized, and that a law interfering with this design is unconstitu-
tional ?
If this be so, then the law of Massachusetts which punishes habitual drunkehness is unconstitutional, fr it diminishes consumption; and the law.which authorizes the appointment of guardians over such persons must share the same fate, as well as all other laws which in any way regulate trade so as to impose any re'straint
upon it.
But there is more decisive and satisfactory evidence of the policy of the United States than such remote, uncertain inferences.
In 1838, Congress invited the army to abandon the use of the spirit ration, and offered by law a substitute to all who would accept
it, in sugar and coffee; and the same principle has been carried into the navy, and has met with approbation in both branches of the
service.
In 1813, Congress passed a law, 3 Stat. at Large, 73, in which there is a clear and decisive expression of opinion. This law imposed internal taxes, and the collectors are authorized to grant licenses to sell at retail wines, distilled spirits, or merchandise, "provided always that no license shall be ganted to any person to sell wines, distilled spirituous liquors, or merchandise as aforesaid, who
is prohibited to sell the same by any State." Here is a clear expression of the views of Congress in regard
to State legislation and State policy. It shows the deference and respect which it considered to be due to so important and delicate a subject, by conforming its legislation to that of the States, and adopting this policy. The law is now repealed, because the tax is abolished, but the opinion loses none of its weight or importance
from that consideration. Again; it has been suggested that the revenue laws, which permit
wines to -beimported in bottles, and brandy ink'egs of fifteen gallons, are evidence that Congress intended to confer a right to sell in such quantities, and therefore the law of Massachusetts is re-
pugnant to them. .This argument rests .on the supposition that Congress has the
right to regulate the internal trade of a State, while it is admitted that States alone possess this right. If, therefore, such were the intention of Congress, the acts would be void for unconstitutionality ; for the federal government cannot claim a power denied to it.
But there is no reason for beieving that those provisions were made with reference to any suc-h object. They relate wholly to the custom-house and to exportation. Such is known to be the history of the fifteen-gallon kegs, and the same is doubtless true of
wines. It is a regulation of convenience, and designed to keep the im-

JANUARY TERl', 1847.

535

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

port trade in a form to prevent smuggling and frauds, either in importation or exportation.
These considerations go to maintain the conclusion, that the law of M[assachusetts was made in good faith, and for the purposes indicated by it ; that it is derived from -powers distinctly reserved to the State, and-is a regulation both of the internal commerce and police ; that its provisions are adapted to the purposes for which they are designed ; that it is not a regulation of foreign commerce, or of the revenue system, and does not affect either unlawfully ; and that it is not hostile to the policy or interests of the United States.
It is evident, also, that it is sustained as a police measure by the whole current of authority antecedent to, as well as by, the case of
New York v. Miln. The plaintiff in error next contends, that an importer of wines
and spirituous liquors has a right to sell them in the same vessels in which they are imported. He then alleges, that wines may be imported in bottles, and brandy in kegs of fifteen gallons, while the law of Massachusetts prohibits the sale in less quantity than twentyeight gallons, without a license.
For the purposes of this case I might concede the position, for the plaintiff is not indicted for selling wines in the original bottle, or brandy in the original keg ; but for dealing out spirituous liquors by retail in small quantities, fromu a quart or pint to a glffon.
The record does not show that he is an importer and vender in the original package or vessel, or that he ever had -wine in brttles or
brandy in kegs of fifteen gallons. If, therefore, the original importer has such a privilege, this plaintiff can make no pretension of right to it.
But from what authority is this right to sell in the original vessel derived ?
The laws of the United States do permit the importation of wines in bottles, and brandy in kegs of fifteen gallons. Formerly, brandy could not'be brought in, in vessels of less capacity than ninety gallons ; but the quantity was reduced, as is well known, to favor the export to Mexico, where so large a quantity could not be taken into the interior upon pack-horses.
But if these laws were intended, as is'supposed, to regulate the internal trade of the States, they could not"be sustained ; as Congress has no power or right to regulate that traffic. They have, however, never been understood to have any such bearing, but to be what they purport, regulations of imports and exports.
But the case of Brown v. Maryland, 12 Wheat. 419, is supposed to give some support to this position.
A law of Maryland forbid importers and venders in the original package the right of selling vithout first obtaining a license, for which fifty dollars were exacted. Brown, being such an importer

536

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

and vender, violated the la;w, wab prosecuted, and the case finally decided by this court.
The court held, first, that the law of Maryland was a revenue act imposing a tax ;
Secondly, that such a tax, imposed upon the importer as such, and before any right of sale could be exercised, was a duty on imports, and expressly prohibited by the plainest terms of the constitution, which forbids the States the right to lay duties on imports ;
Thirdly, that such a duty, so levied, is a regulation of foreign commerce, and for that reason also unlawful.
The decision goes no further than to deny the power of a State to impose a tax upon the importer, as such, before he has made a
sale ; because this is, in effect, a duty on imports. There is nothing in the case which questions the right of a State
to exercise police power over imports and importers, for any of the great purposes to which such legislation is directed.
The principles which govern the decision are laid down with a
clearness which cannot be mistaken. The exemption from taxation is limited to the importer, and to a
sale by him in the original package. The mischievous consequences of a more extended exemption were foreseen and guarded against, in order to leave the internal affairs of the States untouched.
The court, to prevent, all misapprehensions, declare that a sale of
such goods, a breaking up of the packages, or an appropriation of the articles to use, or any similar act, mixes the goods with the mass of property in the State, and extinguishes the privilege.
The exemption is, therefore, limited to the inporter and vender
by the original package, and is denied to all others. The authority, consequently, furnishes no support or countenance
to the case under consideration, as the plaintiff was neither an im-
porter or vender by the original package. But if the plaintiff were an importer, instead of a retailer, the case
of Brown v. Maryland would furnish no justification for a violation
of the law of Massachusetts. The law is not a revenue act, but a police measure. It imposes
no tax upon imports, and therefore does not fall within the pro-
hibitory clause of the constitution. The difference between the laws is this :.the State of Maryland
exercised a power prohibited ; while the State of Massachusetts
founds its legislation upon one which is conceded. The health laws, quarantine laws, ballast laws, &c.,'prove that
the police power may be extended to imports and importers, if the public safety or welfare demands it. If I am right, iherefore, in assuming that the traffic in wines and spirits is a suitable object for regulation, the power of the State cannot be successfully questioned
by importers and. venders in the original package or vessel.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

537

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

If, then, the plairitiff had proved all the facts which have been assumed, they would avail him nothing.
All the important questions which have been raised in the case have now been considered, imperfectly, no doubt ; but, having been brought to the notice of the court, they will receive the considera-
tion which their importance deserves.
The course bf reasoning pursued is intended to establish the following positions : -
1. That the traffic in wines and spirituous liquors has, in the ptiblic judgment,-as expressed through ages and centuries, demanded
restraint and regulation.
That, the United States having no powers to impose such restraint, if it be denied to the States, the right is abolished.
That such a result would be alike injurious to both parties, and desired by neither.
That, under such circumstances, the court would be justified in declaring the law void only by commanding necessity, and that no
such emergency exists. 2. That, in the partition of powers between the federal and State
governments, the rights of the former are granted and enumerated in the constitution, while the latter retain all powers not granted or prohibited by that instrument.
That the grant of a right to regulate foreign commerce excludes the right to regulate domestic commerce, which is left in the States.
That the right to make police regulations is also left in the States. That the law of Massachusetts belongs to these classes, ana is derived from lawful, constitutional power vested in the State.
3. That, if the right of a -State to maintain police laws is complete and unqualified, there can be no constitutional conflict with the laws of the United States, as the power is absolute and supreme.
But whether this be so or not, the right of the State to regulat its internal traffic and police is acknowledged, and can never be questioned, except in cases of manifest incompatibility or direct repugnancy, and there is no proof that the law of Massachusetts has any such action, effect, or influence on the powers or laws of the
United States. 4. That the United States having a right to regulate foreign com-
merce is bounded by the point where such commerce becomes internal, and cannot follow it for the purposes of regulation or con-
trol after it becomes subject to State authority, without usurping the
constitutional power of the State. 5. That the plaintiff in error was indicted and convicted for
retailing spirits without a license, being neither an importer nor vender of such spirits in the same vessels and quantities as imported.
That if he had been such an importer and vender, it would avail him nothing, as the question before the court does not relate to taxation, or fall within the prohibitory clause of the constitution, but

538

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Thuflow v. Massachusetts.

regards the right of .the State to regulate its internal commerce and police after the work of the United States is completed, so far as foreign commerce is concerned, and their power exhausted.
6. That, in whatever aspect this case is viewed and considered, the law of Mlassachusetts cannot be drawn into doubt by the severest scrutiny-, nor can the power of the United States be made to reach or control it without a manifest invasion of the rights reserved to the
State by'the terms of'the constitution.
The counsel thei closed his remarks by adverting to the importance which the question had acquired by being long a subject of earnest controvdrsy and agitation. Many prosecutions were now pending, and, the public being anxious to be relieved from this state of suspense,.he hoped the matter would be brought to a speedy and final issue. What .that'issue would be, it did not become him to anticipate ; but he would venture to give assurance that the people of Massachusetts would acquiesce in it, and give their support to the law as expounded by this tribunal, to which they looked at all times
with the deference and respect due to those who settle the greatest of all questions, the boundaries of power.

.Afr. Webster,-in reply, said that he agreed with the learned coun-
sel whb had just, concluded his argumeit in many of the positions which he laid down. It was true that the retail trade should be
regulated, and that intemperance was a great evil. Even if he differed from the State on the policy of these laws, be claimed neither for himself nor the court a power to review her decision upon that point. The State was the sole and uncontrolled judge
of her policy. But the, question here was one of authority, and not policy. Has -Massachusetts the power to pass such laws ?
Whether she has or not,.it is useless to inquire into her motives'for passing them: It is admitted by all, that the United States have
power to regulate commerce; and it is also admitted by all, that the States have certain police powers. So far, there is no difference of opinion. But-the learned counsel says that these powers stand
upon -equal ground, both resting on sovereignty; and his inference is, that, in case of conflict, one has as much right to stand as the
other. Here our difference of opinion commentes. We-say that these powers do not stand upon equal elevation, but, if there be a
conflict between them, the State law must yield ; because the constitution says that, acts of Congressg, passed within the scope of the constitutional power of Congress, are the supreme law of the land.
There can be no conflict.' The State Jaw must recede. It has been so settled by this court. In 3 Wheat. 209, 210, it is so laid down,' in the very terms wlich I use. Let us see, therefore, whether -both laws, that is to say, the State lav and the acts of
Congress, can stand. What are they ? The former laws of Massachusetts made it obligatory.to grant

JANUARY TERM. 1847.

539

License Cases.-Thurlow v. Massachusetts.

licenses. The phrhse was "authorized and directed" to grant, &c. But under the act of 1837 they may be withheld altogether, and the fact is, that for some years past none have been granted. Now there is no difference, in substance, between an absolute pro-
hibition of licenses by law, and a grant of power to another body to withhold them. In both cases, the same result is produced by the action of the same authority, namely, the State. What is this re-
sult ? It is, that no person can sell liquor in a less quantity than
twenty-eight gallons. What are the laws of Congress ? They are, that brandy can be
imported in casks of fifteen gallons. 4 Statutes at Large, 235;
ibid. 373.
What is the right of the importer after complying with these laws ?
Does the right to sell follow the right to import ? This court has already answered the question. In 12 Wheat. 433, it is said, -
" There is no difference between the power to prohibit sales and the power to prohibit importation. None would be imported if it could not be sold." There is no exemption, by the law of Massachusetts, in favor of the iniporter himself. He cannot sell without a licetse.
All are included within the law. It was said by the counsel on the other side, that the United States have not complained of any infringement upon their authority. But this makes no difference. Cases are always brought here by individuals who complain of a violation of their rights. It was also said, that Congress was bound to
preserve and enforce the observance of moral duties. But if Congress does not prohibit'a particular act, the-inferencle is, that it does
not think proper so to do. It remains to be shown that penalties axe the best mode of enforcing temperance. Father Matthew does not think so. ,The States may pursue this policy if they choose, provided they do not interfere with vested rights. There are two things which Massachusetts has not done, both of which it may be
wished that she had :. 1. She has not presented a memorial to Congress to prohibit
the importation of liquor in small quantities. 2. She-has not prohibited the domestic distillation of spirits. In
1840, five millions of gallons were distilled within her limits. Of this we do not complain. But if she has a right to pass the law now under consideration, she has also a right to exempt domestic
distilled spirits from its operation. What, then, will be tte condition of things ? It will be, that her restrictions will be placed ex'elusively upon that article which Congress havd said shall be subject
to no restriction.

540

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.- Fletcher v. Rhode Island.

JOEL FLETCHER, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. THE STATE OF'
RHODi ISLAND AND PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS, DEFEND-
ANT IN ERROR.
This case was very similar to the preceding one. The pr:ncipal difference was in the admission of the'fact, that the brandy, for the sale of which the plaintiff in error was indicted, was duly imported into the United States, the duty upon it paid, and that it was purchased by Fletcher from the original importer.
The following admission of facts was filed in 'the ciuse : "It is admitted, in the above case, that the liquors-alleged in said indictment to have been sold by the defendant, in -violation of the act of this State, entitled, An act enabling town councils to grant licenses for-the retailing strong liquors, and for other purposes,' was brandy, the growth, produce, and manufacture of the kingdom of France ; which said brandy was duly imported into the United
States at the port of Boston, in the district of Massachusetts, for the purpose of sale in the markets of the United States, and the
duties levied thereon by virtue of the -act of Congress of the United States, approved thb 80th day of August, A. D. 1842, entitled, ' An act to provide revenue from imports, and to change anA modify existing laws imposing duties on imports, and for other purposes,' were duly paid to the collector of the said port of Boston ; that said defendant bought said brandy of the importer thereof for the purpose of sale ; and, in pursuance of said purpose, did, at the times alleged in said indictment, sell the same, at said Cumberland, without license first had and obtained from. the town council of the town' of Cumberland.
"It is further agreed that the town council of said town of Cumberland have refused to grant- any license for the year ensuing the Thursday next following the first Wednesday in April, A. ]D. 1845, for retailing strong liquors-in any quantities, having been instructed by the electors of said town, in town meeting assembled, not to grant any licenses for the purpose aforesaid."
It is not necessary to recite the whole of the laws of the State, as they were very similar to those of Massachusetts. The following onewill he sufficient :-
"An Act in Addition to an Act, entitled, ' An Act enabling the Town Councils to grant Licenses, and for other Purposes.'
"It is enacted by the General Assembly as follows : "Section 1. No licenses shall be granted for the retailing of wines or strong liquors in any town or city in this State, when the electors in such town or city, qualified to vote for general officers, shall, at the annual town or ward meetings held for the election of town or city officers, decide that no such licenses for retailing as aforesaid shall be granted for that year."

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

541

License Cases.-Fletcher v. Rhode Island.

Fletcher was iqdicted upon two counts. The first was for selliffg strong liquor, to wit, rum, gin, and brandy, by retail, in a less quantity than ten gallons, without license ; and the second, for selling, and suffering to be sold, in his possessions, ale, wine, and other
strong liquors, by retail, &c., &c. Upon this indictinent he was convicted, and the case brought from
the Supreme Court of Rhode Island to this court. The assignment of errors by the counsel of Fletcher was as follows :

.qfssignment of Errors.-

"United States of America, Supreme Court:- Joel Fletcher, Plaintiff in error, v. State of Rhode Island and Providence

Plantations, Defendant in error.

" On a judgment of the Supreme Court, begun and holden at Providence, within and for the county of Proviidence and State of
Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, on the thiird Monday of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty-five, wherein the said State of Rhode Island and Provi-

dence Plantations, by Joieph M. Blake, Attorney-General of said

State, is prosecutor, and the said Joel Fletcher is defendant, the said Joel Fletcher, upon a writ of error upon said judgment, returnable to the next term of-the Supreme Court for the United States, to be begun and holden at the city of Washington, in the

District of Columbia, on the first Monday of December, in the year of our Lord oe thousand eight hundred and forty-five, assigns
for error in the records of process and judgment aforesaid, founded on certain statutes of the said State of Rhode .Island and Provi-
dence Plantations, and the construction thereof by the said Supreme Court, the following, to wit : - That the judgment rendered
in the Supreme Court of said State in this case, it being the highest court of law and equity of the said State in which a decision

could be had in said case, should be reversed, for the reasons following, viz.: - That the act of the General Assembly of said State

of Rhode Island and ,Providence Plantations, entitled, ' An act

enabling town councils to grant licenses for retailing strong liquors, and for other purposes,' and the act entitled, ' An act in addition

to an act, entitled,. An act enabling town councils to grant licenses for retailing strong liquors, and for other purposes,' and appended hereto and set out as a part of the record in the said cause upon which said judgment was founded, and also the opinion and judgment of said Supreme Court of said State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, in the application and construction of said acts to -Lie proof submitted in said cause, are void, the sane being repugnant to that clause of the eighth section of the constitution of the United States which provides, -' That the Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general

VOL. V.

46

542

SUPREME COURT.

Liceiise Cases.-Fletcher v. Rhode Island.

welfare of the United States ; but all duties, imposts, and excises

shall be uniform throughout the United States ' ; and are also re-

pugnant to that clause- of the said eighth section of said constitution

which provides as follows.:-' The Congress shall have power to

regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several

States, and with the Indian tribes ' ; and are also repugnant to that

clause of the tenth section of said coustitution of the United States

which provides as follows : - "No State shall, without the consent

of Congress, lay any imposts or*duties on imports and exports ex-

cept what may be absolutely necessary for executing its inspection

laws,' and the acts of Congress, in pursuance of the aforesaid sev-

eral clauses of said constitution of the United States now existing

in full force, which objections were, at the trial of said cause be-

fore said court, taken by the said Fletcher in his defence, and were

overruled by said court. There is error also in this, to wit, that,

by the record aforesaid, it appears that the judgment aforesaid, in

form aforesaid given, was given for the said State of Rhode Island

and Providence Plantations against the said Joel Fletcher ;

whereas; by the law of the land, the sail judgment ought to have

been given for the said Fletcher agains: the said State ; and the

said Joel Fletcher prays that the judgment aforesaid, for the errors

aforesaid, and other errors in the record and proceedings, and the

matters herein set forth, may be reversed, annulled, and held for

nothing, and that he may ble restored to all things which he has lost

by occasion of said judgment.

Jon'bL FI.ETOHnR,

By JOHN WHIPPLE, and SAMUEL A iEs, His .Alttorneys."

The cause was argued by Mr. rmes and 1ir. Whipple, for the plaintiff in error, and Jltr. R. W. Greene, for the State.
.Ames and Whipple, for the plaintiff in- error, read and .commented on the various acts of the General Assembly of the State of Rhode Island, in relation to the licensing of taverns, ale-houses, and the like, and the sale of spirituous liquors thefein, commencing in the year 1647, and coming down to the year 1824, for the purpose of showing, that, from the earliest period in the history of the Colony to ,the last-named period in the history of the State of
Rhode Island, her policy had been uniform on this subject, and sAnilar to that of inostChristian and civilized countries, and of -all the Colonies and States of the Union, - that is, to license and regulate the sale of spirituous liquors, that it might be consistent withthe+preservation of good order,- and with the Christian virtue of tomperf-e , 'and not to inhibit it, in enforcement of,,-he Mahometan -rule (f abstinence. They sbovihd' that .the licenses grantedl by the' munwipal autorities ofthe various towns of Rhode

JANUARY TERM; 1847.

543

License Cases.-Fletcher v. Rhode Island.

Island for the keeping of taverns and the retailing of strong liquors
had been a source of revenue to the towns and to the State, to aid in the maintenance of the police of the State ; and insisted, that,
in the fair construction of the acts empowering the town officers-to
grant them, the words " may grant" were legally construed "must or shall grant," according to the well-known general rule of so construing.the word "may," when used in a public act or municipal charter to impart an authority to public officers, in the exercise of which the public interest or private rights were concerned ; and that the .practice of the authorities of the towns of Rhode Island
had always concurred with this well-known rule of legal construction. To this point they.cited, Backwell's case, 1 Vernon, 152;
Rex v. Barlow, 2 Salk. 609 ; S.0., Carthew,'293, 294 ;'King v.-Inhabitants of Derby, 8kinneri 370 ; Magdalen College case, 3 Atk. 166; King v. Mayor and Jurats of Hastings, I Dowl. & Ryl. 149; Newburgh Turnp. Co. v.Miller, 5 Johns. C. R. 101, 113, 114; Ex parte Simopton, 9 Porter's Ala. R. 390.
They then showed, that, under the influence of what is called the temperance reform, a'new principle had been introduced into
the legislation of Rthode Island on this subject, which, after numerous fluctuations, had, in Jandary, 1845, settled the law, if indee-d it was settled, in the shape-of -the act of January, 1845, which in substance forbids in any town the salq of all strong liquors in less quantities than ten gallons, without license first had from the towti council of the- town, and provides, that if, on the day appoint. ed for the election of toWn officers, a majority of the electors of a town voting on the subject shall vote to grant, or-not to grant, licenses for the ensuing municipal year, the town council of the .town were irrevocably bound during the year to obey the instruction.
They admitted that a law regulating the sale of strong liquors under a license for the sale, even though a bonus was required for' the license, was valid.; but that a law like the present, in its purpose, end, and operation, as well as in its form, substantially and
practically prohibitory of the sale, was, in its application to the case at bar, - in which the liquor sold was brandy imported from
France, upon which, under the act of Congress of 1842, entitled, "An Act to provide revenue from imports, and to change and modify existing laws imposing duties on imports, and for other purposes," the duties had been regularly levied and paid, -void, as repugnant to that act,. both as a revenue measure upon which the
expenditures of the government of the United States were based, and as a regulation 'of the commerce of the United States with
France.
Though they maintained the exclusive power of Congress, under the constitutiqn, to regulate commerce with foreign nations, as well as among the States and with the Indian tribes, - as required by the necessities of the country at the time of its formation and adoption

544

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Fletcher v. Rhode Island.

as new, - to preserve proper commercial relations abroad, and for the prosperity and peace of the several States, as well as that an adequate revenue might be derived from duties on imports, they waived the discussion of the exclusiveness of this power as an ab-
stract power in Congress, in the present case, for a double reason because Congress had exercised it in the subsisting act of 1842, and because the act of Rhode Island could in no proper sense be
said to be an exercise of the power to regulate foreign commerce. They admitted that an act of a State, to come in conflict with
the exclusive power of Congress to regulate foreign commerce, when not exercised, must of itself be an exercise of that power ; but maintained, that any law pertaining to the mere police of a
State might come in conflict with a commercial regulation of Congress ; and, if it did, musi, so far as it did, yield to the law of Congress, as the supreme law of the land, when passed in pursuance of the constitution. They were not aware, until the doctrine had been boldly advanced by the counsel for Massachusetts, in the preceding case, - tried with this by order of the court, - that it had been "a growing opinion," and still less, that by the decision of this court in New York v. Miln, I1 Peters, 139, 141, it had become "the settled law" of this court and of the land, that in all such cases of conflict the rule of the constitution was reversed, and that the law of Congress became subject to the law of the State, as to the supreme law of the land, and that the clause of the constitution asserting the supremacy of the constitution, and of the laws and treaties of the United States made under it, applied only to the case of concurrent powers ; nor did they so understand that case. They maintained, that the doctrine thus announced was little short of absurdity, since it admitted the supremacy of the law of iJongress in the case of concurrent powers, -in the exercise of which the governments of the States and the government of the United States enjoyed, as it were, a joint empire, and where, from the very fact that the powers were concurrent, they could never, in a constitutional sense, be said to conflict, and so there was no room for the supremacy in question, - and denied the supremacy of the United States in the legitimate exercise of its exclusive powers, making the United States the slave of the States in its own exclusive dominions, under a constitution which declared, without limitation or reserve, that its just power should be supreme, not
only over the laws, but even the constitutions, of the States. Upon this question they appealed from conservative Massachusetts to democratic Virginia, and cited the 44th Paper of the" Federalist, p. 183, Gideon's edition, in which Mr. Madis6n, in commenting upon the clause of the constitution in question, concludes his defence against the only objection th at was made to it-- that it rendered the constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States supreme over the constitutions of the States - with this statement of the re-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

545

License Cases.-Fletcher v. Rhode Island.

sult if this supremacy had not been given :-I In fine, the world would have seen, for the first time, a system of government founded on an inversion of the fundamental principles of all government; it would have seen the authority of the whole society everywhere subordinate to the authority of the parts ; it would have seen a monster, in which the head was under the direction of the members." In this case, a supremacy over the constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States was claimed for every, even the most petty, police law of a: State, or even a town or city, when that constitution and those laws and treaties were made supreme over the constitution of the State by which, or under the authority of which, the police law was passed. They commented upon the case of New York v. Miln, for the purpose of showing thfi the general language there used by Mr. Justice Barbour in deliverifig the opinion of the court, from which the strange doctrine in question had been inferred, should, according to the rule in this respect laid down by Mr. Chief Justice Marshall in Cohens v. Virginia, 6 Wheat. 399, be restrained to the case before the court, which, by the decision of the court, involved no conflict of the powers of the government of the State of New York with those of the government of the United States, and, by the illustrations given of the meaning of the language, could be fairly applied only to cases where no conflict existed. Upon this point, they cited also the opinions of Mr. Chief Justice Taney, and of Mr. Justice McLean, in the subsequent case of Groves et al. v. Slaughter, 15 Peters, 505, '509, members of the court at the time the opinion in New York v. Miln was delivered, and concurring in that opinion, for the purpose of showing thit they could not have understood the language in question in the sense contended for.
(Mr. Justice Wayne here declared his entire dissent from the general opinions expressed in the language in question, and even declared that- he had no. recollection that such language was in the opinion of the court in that case at the time it recaived his concur-
rence.) They concluded upon this point, that if any persons really held
the doctrine in questio:,, upon the supposition that it was necessary for the maintenance of certain peculiar institutions of some of the States, which, though guaranteed by the constitution, were at war with its whole spirit, as well as with the principles of the Declaration of Independence, which the constitution carried out as far as it could consistently with the existing condition of the country, they were guilty of ',a blunder," - in the opinion of a great but unprincipled politician, in such matters, always worse than "a crime." The clauses in the constitution guaranteeing these institutions were an anomaly in it. It was batter, then, to treat those institutions and every thing fairly relating to them as anomalous, - to be governeu by
peculiar rules, -than, by converting an anomaly into a general rule, to
46*

546

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Fletcher v. Rhode Island.

pervert the whole spirit, and invert the whole .order, of the constitu-
tion, and, by thus stripping the general government of all its powers, deprive the States, and especially the smaller States, of all the rights and protection guaranteed by the United States. They who
were willing, and all sensible people-were, to stand by the compro-
rmises of the constitution, would do much to redeem the pledge thus given for them ; but it was both unjust and impolitic to require this
of them. They came, then, to the only real question in the cause, whether
the law of Rhode Island in question was in conflict with the tariff law, as it was called, of 1842.
The act of Congress admits brandy by name to sale and consumption in the States, at one dollar, per gallon, both for revenue and as a regulation of commerce with France ; and they cited The Federalist, Pap. 12, p. 46, to show that no inconsiderable revenue
was originally anticipated from spirits. Congress might have prohibited the importation of brandy, as it
did in the same act the importation of obscene prints, &c.; but it licensed the importation, and, by necessary intendment, the sale and
consumption, of brandy by the above act, as the United States did, by the treaty of July 4, 1831, with France, the admission of wines at certain rates "to consumption into the States." Right or wrong,
Congress had said, by the act in question, to the foreign producer, to the importer, retailer, conumer, pay us one dollar per gallon, and you shall have brandy from France for sale and consumption.
Upon this offer all parties had acted, produced; imported, bought of the importer, and in the price of the article had paid the duty ;
and after this it was something worse than illusory, that we should be told that the importation only was licensed, or at most the sale in the original package or cask, and that the States might destroy the whole value of the import by prohibiting its sale and consump. tion, and thus effectually countervail the legislation of Congress in one form, which it was agreed they could not do in another. This would be to make the constitution deal in mere forms and names,
and not in thifigs. The law of Rhode Island proceeds upon this formal 'distinction.
It says to Congress, you may license the'importation of brandy, but not a drop of it shall be sold or consumed in any town of ours, if the voters of the town choose to prohibit it. , You may expect revenue from it ; but so far as our citizens are concerned, not-a penny
shall they pay. We forbid it by law. The-law in question is most skilfully devised to effect its purpose.
It does not in form prohibit altogether the sale and consumption of foreign brandy, but only really and substantially. It says, you shall not sell in less quantities than ten gallons, and might as well have said in less quantities'than twenty-eight gallons, or one hundred gallons, or one thousand galloni. It cuts off, strikes out, .one link be-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

547

License Cases.-Fletcher v. Rhode Island.

tween the importer and consumer, and might as well destroy, and does thus practically destroy, the whole chain ; for there can be no importation without sale, no wholesale without rntall, -. and these are arbitrary terms, - no retail without consumption.
In case of a direct prohibition of sale like this -there can be no metaphysical subtilty necessary to ascertain the aegree of conflict between the State law and the law of Congress ; whether it amounts to "a possible or potential inconvenience," or " an extreme inconvenience," or "a direct repugnancy," or "plain incompatibility." Incidental diminution of consumption from licenses, taxation, charters of temperance societies, pfohibitions of sales to drunkards, children, slaves, &c., is another thing. Here the prohibition is both direct and substantial. To prohibit and prevent the sale of.the imported article is both the purpose and effect of the law; and upon the ground that, by the act of 1842, Congress had licensed what was wrong.
The very test proposed by this court in New York v. Miln, 11 Peters, 143, is thus met precisely by the law in question.
It is said that the sale of liquor is immoral. Then let Congress prohibit, not seek a revenue from its importation. Let reform in this respect begin constitutionally with Congress ; for in no cause, however sacred, can a State be said to act rightly, when acting
unconstitutionally.
In application to any other article of commerce between he United States and foreign countries, or between the States, but
liquor, it would be admitted that such a law was void, -as to rice,
sugar, cotton, tobacco, flour, cotton goods, French silks, woollen cloths, &c. What is the ground for distinction ? It is as much within te police power of a State to pass laws to encourage or compel hou-..hold manufactures, or the raising of certain agricul-
tural products, -by forbidding the sale. of cotton, woollen, or silk fabrics, in less quantities than ten, or twenty, or one hundred pieces, or of cotton, rice, flour, tobacco, by forbidding the sale of these articles in less quantities than ten, twenty, or one hundred bales, casks, bundles, or barrels, -as to prevent the use of imported liquor, by for-
bidding the sale in less quantities than ten, twenty, or one hundred gallons ; and yet all .will agree that a law like that supposed would be clearly void, in its application to such articles imported from
foreign countries, or another State. Let some casuist mark the
difference between the cases if he can.
The law in question is no more entitled to be called " a police law" than the law supposed, if there was any thing in such a mere
name. Any law relating to the internal government or police of a
State or city is a police law, whether civil or criminal, and it-would be absurd to contend, that Vonstitutionally one police law was more
sacred than another since-the State or city is the sole judge of the
necessity orfitness of either, provided always, that in passing such

548

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Fletcher -v. Rhode Island.

laws it does not interfere with those constitutions- or laws which
control its powers of legislation.
They contended that the fact, that the sale in the case at bar was not of the article in the cask'in which it was imported, could not affect the question ; the notion suggested obiter, not adopted, by Mr. Chief Justice Marshall, in Brown v. Maryland, that the importation licenses the sale only in the -original package, being false
in theory, and destructive to the constitutional powers of Copgress in practice. As the governments of the United States and of the
States operate upon the same men and things, within the same territory, at the same time, it is obvious that all material barriers between them are broken down, and that in general we must look for
the boundary line of the two jurisdictions in the relation and condition of the men and things upon which they operate. This is certainly true of the power to tax imports, or things which have beenimported, and of the prohibition to tax exports, or things to be ex-
ported. It is obvious, that the States may and do every day tax residents for their personal property, whether in the form in which it has been imported, and even lying in the custom-house, or in -which it is td be exported, on the wharf, or in the vessel, just as if the import or export was confused with the mass of property in the State ; and no one deems such a tax as a tax upon imports or ex-
ports, in the sense of the prohibition of the constitution, or in any proper sense whatever. Nor would such a general exercise of the
taxing power by the United States upon all personal property of its citizens, including imports and exports, be -a tax or duty.upon imports or exports, but merely a tax upon personal piroperty, and upon the import c, export as such-property. Any discriminating tax,
however, upon a tning imported, as such, at any time, in any form, either of the law or the import, would certainly be a tax or duty upbn imports forbidden to the States ; and any disc-minatiug tax or duty upon a thing to be exported, as such, would be a duty upon
exports forbidden tc the United States, and to the States, except under the control of ongress, for the purpose of executing their inspection laws. There is nothing in the nature or form of an article which makes it an import, only something' in its history ; there is nothing in the nature or form of-an article which makes it an export, only something in its destination ; and if any thing be
specifically taxed as imported, or to be exported, it is a tax upon an import, or upon an export, within the letter and spirit of the constitution. Once allow that the States may levy discriminating duties upon things imported from foreign countries, or other States, the moment they have lost their original form, or have been taken out, as they must be for sale and use, of the package or cask, and the commercial power of Congress, and the revenues- of the United ,S;ttes from- this source, are lost together. Once allow that the
United States may levy discriminating duties upon things to be

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

549

License Cases.-Fletcher-v. Rhode Island.

exported from the States, as such, in any form or package, or in the process of growth or manufacture, and it is obvious That the agriculture and manufactures of the States are directly at the mercy of the general government. This "package notion," as it is called, is one of those vain but natural efforts of the mind to attach itself to something material to rest upon, even inmatters which do not admit of such helps and.rests. -
The taxing power is a sovereign power, necessary for the support of government, and never in its nature or effect treated as a repugnant power. Providence Bank v. Billings, 4 Peters, 514;
Groves v. Slaughter, 15 Peters, 505. When exerted by the State over personal property in general, including imports, it cannot affect foreign commerce, or the revenues of the United States, since it bears equally upon all articles, and thus keeps their relative value the same. To become mischievous, either constitutionally or prac-
- tically, to foreign commerce, a tax law must discriminate as to the subjects of it. This, how'ever, is not true of prohibitory laws, like the law in question. If practically such a law forbids the sale, destroys the vendible character of an imported article, which constitutionally it cannot do, it does not help the law in relation to such articles, that it also destroys the vendible character of the like article manufactred in the State, which constitutionally it may do. It-is void pro tanto imports, in any form or shape. There is also this plain distinction between such a law and an ordinary license law : that the latter does not, like the former, destroy the vendible character of the article, but, admitting this, restricts the power of sale to certain selected persons licensed to sell the article ; and practically the difference is just as great as the different terms license and prohibitionimport. No one denies the right of the States to regulate the sale or punish the improper use of any article, domestic or imported, within their territories, under such customary and proper restrictions as substantially leaves to the article its vendible character. It is the taking away of this character from imported brandy, upon which the duties have been levied and paid, of which we complain in this case.
Thus,-the States may and do prohibit sales of all articles on the Lord's day, in enforcement of a divine command ; of liquor to drunkards, children, &c., to prevent riot and intemperance ; and they tax and license hawkers and peddlers, and auctioneers of all articles, and retailers of things dangerous in their use, to prevent fraud, regulate domestic trade, raise revenue, and insure public safety and social order. All this, so far from injuriously affecting the sale of things, aids and assists it, by making it safe, re-u!ar, profitable, and consistent with the well-being of the- community.
The 'same remark applies to quarantine laws, and sanitary regula-

550

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Fletcher v. Rhode Island.

tions in general. They may delay the infected- ship, or s-p the infected person, or even destroy the infected article ; yet who dQes not see that in this very way they aid foreign commerce, by making. it safe to the community which carries it on, and promote traffic in imports, by preventing all danger in handling, using, or -consuming them ? Even these, however, may be so needlessly restrictive, or, still worse, totally prohibitory in their character, as obnoxiously to interfere with foreign commerce,and in such case would merit no more favor, on account of the professed purpose of the law, than if avowedly passed to prevent foreign commerce in certain articles,
or to prevent it altogether. The point where regulation ends and prohibition commences may
in some cases be difficult to determine, as many practical questions are. The cases must be decided as they arise, and,. as Mr. Chief Justice Marshall suggests in Brown v. Maryland, experience will assist and develop thb true tests of decision.
It is sufficient that in the case at bar there is no such difficulty, the design, end, and effect of the law in question being.to prohibit the sale of an article nrad6 vendible in the States by a -law of, Congress.
The law is deemed more objectionable because in effect it prohibits the sale of the same article in some towns in the Ste, and
,licenses it in others ; thus 'making the law of Congress operate unequally within the territory of the same State.'
Finally, the record shows that the only proof against the plaintf iwn heicrhrotrhewdaus tieosf thhaed sbaelen odfulbyralnevdiye imported into Boston, upon
d paid. He-waswilling

to tao

pay for it, or to sell his-import throughrany

person who was licensed to sell it ; but the law forbade all sale in

any practicable shape in the town in which he lived, in derogation

of the right of sale attached to an article imported under the laws

of the United States. In its application to his case the law is

-void, inasmuch as it derogates from a right secured to him by a law

of Congress.

.lfr. .R. W. Greene, for the State.
The law of Rhode Island is strictly a police law, having for its object the suppression of drunkenness. It was not intended, tocarry out any object of commercial policy. It-was not intended io secure to the citizens of Rhode Island, within her own territory. or elsewhere, any advantages of commerce or manufactures beyond what are enjoyed by the citizens ofall the other States. It. was not' intended to countervail any "4ommercialpolicy of the- federal government.
It is a law intended to aid in the accomplishment of a great moral reform, and indispensable to its success. The federal government have adopted similar views with the General Assembly

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

551

License Cases.-Fletcher v. Rh'ode Island;

of Rhod'e Island, in a case coming within the, sphere of their constiutional power. An act of Congress authorizes the substitution of tea and coffee for the spirit rations both in the army and navy.
I shall endeavour to show that the Rhode Island law does not present a caqe of conflict, upon any sound construction of the constitution. What are the provisions of the Rhode Island law ? It allows importationi and sale by the importer, and every body else, in bulk, as imported. It goes further, it allows a retail trade to the importer and every body else in the article after bulk broken, and that as low as ten gallons. It goes still further, and vests in the towns a discretionary power to decide at their April town meetings, whether they will grant licenses to sell in quantities under ten gallons for the coming year. The inhabitants of the towns are most interested in the decision, and most able to decide right. Not by caprice, but by sober and enlightened judgment. There is a propriety in leaving the decision to the towns.
An objection to the law is-, that practically, it is said, the prohibition of sales under ten gallons is a, total prohibition. The object in fixing this amount was to prevent sale by the glass.
It is said by the counsel for the plaintiff in error, that this law is prohibitory. But it is not necessarily so, nor probably so. Discretion implies not only the power to decide either way, but the probability of such decisions. If all the towns had been opposed to granting licenses, then tho General Assembly would have passed a
.general prohibitory, law. It is agreed, that, if a conflict results from the practical operation
of a law, it must be decided as if such conflict had been intended by the legislature. But the necessary effect must be to conflict, and not the possible, or even the probal~le effect.
'There, is .no evidence before the court that every town in the State, except Cumberland, has not granted licenses, which are now in full effect. And yet the court is called upon to pronounce this law unconstitutional, upon the greund of this possible prohibition, when the prohibition may not exist in any town in the State, except Cumberland. - The power vested in the towns under this
law is the same as that vested in the town councils under previous laws. A power to grant licenses is a political power in town councils; and ndt at all analogous to the cases cited by the counsel for the plaintiff in error. Those were cases of private right, where a mandamus would go to enforce it. - Would such a proceeding lie against a town council by a party to whom a license had been refused ? -But erase from the statute the entire provision vesting any power in the towns to grant licenses, and leave the prohibition upon all sales under ten gallons absolute. This would not be a case of conflict, because it allows of sales at retail as low as ten gallons.
It is admitted that States have a right to pass Rcense laws. All

552

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Fletcher v. Rhode Island.

had license laws when the constitution was adopted; no change
took place. What is a license law but a prohibition upon every
body else, except the party licensed ? The difference between a license law and the Rhode Island law is in the degree of prohibition,
not the principle. Both are prohibitory; the Rhode Island law may become and probably would become more prohibitory than an ordinary license law. Does this difference render the one law void, when the other is valid ? How much more prohibitory must a law be than an ordinary license law, in order to render it void ?
What rule or principle can the court adopt in relation to such a subject,? How much must be the restriction upon sales, after the article is broken up, and out of the bands of the importer, in order to render the law void ? What means has the court to ascertain the practical effect of restrictions ? And yet it is said the effect is to determine the law.
All license laws, like the law under consideration, diminish importations and revenue by checking sales. Their object, like the
object of the Rhode Island law, is to prevent drunkenness. In other words, to prevent consumption. The check upon importation, and the diminution of the public revenue, is a consequence
of both laws, but not their object, If we were to" cofnpare the amount of sales, there being no regu-
lation by license, and the. amount of sales under a well-guarded license law, it would be very great, undoubtedly ; but no one can ascertain it with any accuracy, - certainly this court cannot. A plain. case of conflict must be proved.
This court, in the exercise of its high authority, has always acted upon this subject with caution. It has always required
a plain case of unconstitutionality to be made out. The plaintiff in error says, the question of con ict is a question
of fact; but it is not shown that any town, except Cumberland, has refused to grant licenses.
Again ; to render a license law valid, how many licenses must it provide for ? One in each town, or how many, or one in each county ? All license laws materially check importation, by diminishing consumption. What degree of check and restriction will render the law void, on the ground of conflict ? Suppose the Rhode Island law prohibited sales as low as five-gallons, or one
gallon, or a quart ; what principle will the court adopt ? License, laws were in force in all the States at the time of the
adoption of the constitution. No alteration of these laws has been made by the States, and they have never- been, and are not now,
complained of by the federal government. This shows that, by the understanding of all the parties to that instrument, these laws do not ihterfere with any of the powers of the federal government.
The true rule as to conflict is, not a partial check upon sales, or a partial diminution of the revenue. This involves the inquiry, how

JANUARY "ERM, 1847.

553

License "Cases.,-Fletcher v. Rhode Island.

much check, how much diminution ? Conflict is a prohibition of

all sales. It is said the importation and payment of duties imply

the right to sell, that the retail sale is indispensable to give value to

the wholesale trade, and therefore a prohibition of the retail sale is tVeid. Paymient of duties gives no greater right than importation of

a free article, tea or coffee.

But a license law prohibits the retail sale to every body but the party licensed, and this is agreed to be valid. The fact of prohibition, therefore,' does not render the law void, but the extent of it. What must that extent be ? Hpw can the court ascertain the effect upon sales and importations,'except the effect which is a necessary

consequence of the law ? or, in other words, how can they judge, except of an absolute prohibition of all sales ? What means have they to ascertain the difference between the practical effects of one law and another, both being prohibitory, but prohibitory in

different degrees ?

In Brown r. State of Maryland, the true rule is laid down. When an import has been broken up, or has passed from the hands of the importer, it ceases to be an import. It has then passed

into the mass of property of. the State, and is subject to its authority for purposes of police, internal trade, and taxation.

Unless this be so, Congress may prescribe the police regulations

of the States. -They may prescribe the extent to which a restrictive regulation may'be carried, in order to be constitutional.

We cannot overrate the importance of police powers to the

States. The means of social improvement, the success of all institutions of learning and religion, depend on the preservation of

this power. We look to the States for the exercise of their authority in aid of all institutions which tend to improve and elevate

the moral and intellectual character of the people.

The doctrine of conflict must be expounded with reference to the principle of compromise on which the constitution is founded.

Congress may authorize the importation of an, article which is very injurious to the health or morals of a State. The importer

may perhaps sell in bulk ; then the power of Congress is exhausted, and the power (f the State begins. Upon such sale the property

is mingled with the mass of the. other property of the State, and subject to the State power, either to tax, to prohibit, or regulate, as its purpose of police or internal trade may require.

What does the internal trade consist in ? In its own products, products of other State%, and products of foreign nations. If the doctrine is true with regard to foreign products, it is equally so with regard to products of other States. Then the State power over the property of its own citizens, within its own territory, is limited to products of its own. There will be two kinds of property ; one subject to the power of the State, and the other exempt

from it.

VOL. V.

47

554

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Peirce Vt al. r. New Hampshire.

Unless this be done, it is said the policy of Congress may be countervailed. We answer this by saying that, on the other hand, the police power of the States and the power ,over internal trade will be destroyed. It is not to be supposed that the States will countervail -the policy of Congress-merely to countervail it. The
compromise of, the constitution goes upon a different principle, and at all events the limit of the power of Congress cannot be exceeded in order more effectually to carry out its own policy. If this were a consolidated government, the difficulty would not exist.. But it is a confederation of States-, external relations are confided
to federal government, whilst al doinestic relations belong to the States. External policy may be affected by regulations of internal trade or police of the States. -This results from the confederacy. Foreign commerce 'must be affeted.by internal commerce. Prop-
erty becomes. the suhjebt of internal commerce when it has become intorporated with the mass of the property of the State. Regulafios 'of internal commerce may affect foreign commerce, and foreff*'commerce may affect internal commberce. Both are valid, nevertheless. Regulations of internal trade may check importation of'foreign goods, and the introduction of foreign eods may affect the internal triide .and policy of the State. If both governments keep within 'their constitutional limits, there can be no collision or
c6nicfit. The laws bf 'one may affect the operation of the laws 6f .the other. Thus, the police laws of the States in restraining and partially 'prolbiting the sale of.. pirituous liquors may affect the op-
eration of the act of Congress uider which they are admitted. Btit this is no conflict. On the other hand, the -act of Congress admit-
ting spirituous liquors may countervail the policy of the States. But still there is no conflict. A case of conflit imust arise from one government or the other exceeding its limits, and then the law of that government must yield which has exceeded its authority,, whether federal or State. The provision of the const4utibn as to.
its supremacy, and the laws passed under it, is. confitad. to laws-
passed in conformity t&its powers.

ANDREW PEIRCE, JUNIOR, Ali TnOMAS'W. PEIRCE, PLAINTIFFS 'IN ERROR, v.- THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
THIS case originated in the Court of Common: Pleas for the county of Strafford, and was carried to the Superior Court 'of Judicature for the First Judicial District of 'New Hampshire. The plaintiffs in error were indicted for that they did unlawfully, knowingly, wilfullr, and without license therefor from the selectmen of. said Dover, the same being the town where the defendants then resided, sell tor one Aaron Sias, one barrel of gin, at and for the price of $ 11.85, contrary to the form of, the statute, &c..

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

555

License Cases.-Peirce et al. v. New Hampshire.

The counsel for the State introduced evidence to prove the sale of the gin, as set forth in the indictment ; and it was proved, and admitted by the defendants, that they sold to said Aaron Sias, on the day alleged in the indictment, one barrel of American gin, for the price of 11.85, and took from said Sias his promissory note, including that sum. It appeared that it was part of 4he regular business of the defendants to sell ardent spirits in large quantities.
To sustain the prosecution, the counsel for the State relied. on the statute of July 4, 1838, which is in these words, viz. :-
"An Act regulating the Sale of Wine and Spirituous Liquors.
"1Sect. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives in General Court convened, That if any person shall, without license from the selectmen of the town or place where such person resides, sell any wine, rum, gin, brandy, or other spirits, in any quantity, or shall sell any mixed liquors, part of which are spirituous, such person, so offending, for each and every such offence, on conviction thereof, upon an indictment in the county wherein the offence may be committed, shall forfeit and pay a sum mot exceeding fifty dollars, nor less than twenty-five dollars, for the use of such county.
" Sect. 2. And be it further enacted, that'the third section of an act, passed July 7, 1827, entitled, ' An act regulating licensed houses,' and other acts or parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act, be, and the same hereby are, repealed.
" Approved July 4, 1838."
The counsel for the defendants moved the court to instruct the jury, that if the law of 1838, under which the respondents were indicted, was constitutional, the sale here was contrary to law, and the note of Sias was void, and that such a payment by note was no payment, and therefore there was no sale. But the court refused so to instruct the jury, but directed them, that, on the supposition the defendants could not recover the Dontents of the note, .they might notwithstanding. have violated the statute. The defendants' counsel then introduced evidence that the barrel of gin was purchased by the defendants in Boston, in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, brought coastwise to the landing at Piscataqua Bridge, and from thence to the defendants' store, in Dover, and afterwards sold to Sias in the same barrel and in the same condition in which it was purchased in Massachusetts. And the defendants' counsel contended that'the aforesaid statute of July 4, 1838, was unconstitutional and void, because the same is in violation of ce tain public treaties of the United States with Holland, France, and other countries, containing stipulations for the admission of spirits into the United States, and because it is "repugnant to- the. two following clauses in the constitution of the United States, viz. :-
" No State shall, without the consent of the Congress, lay any

556

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Peirce et al. v. New Hampshire.

imposts or duties on imports or exports., except what may be abso-
lutely necessary for executing its inspection laws." " The Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes."
And the defendants' counsel contended that the jury were the judges of the law as well as the fact in the case; that it was their duty to judge of the constitutionality of the act of July 4, 1838, and to form their own opinion upon that question ; and that the court were not to instruct the jury relative to questions of law, as in civil cases,
but were merely 'to give advice to the jury in matters of law. The court instructed the jury, that the position that the ja.w were judges of the law as well as of the fact, as contended f'6r'by the defendants' counsel, was not correct, to the extent of the general terms in which it was stated ; that the same rule existed in this respect in criminal cases which prevailed in civil cases ; that it was the duty of the court to instruct the jury in relation to questions of law, and that the court was responsible for the correctness of the instructions given ; and in case of conviction, if the instructions were wrong, the verdict might be set aside for that cause ; but that the jury had the power to overrule the instructions of the court,- and decide the "lav contrary to those instructions, through their power
to give a' general -verdict of acquittal ; and that if they did so, and acquitted the defendants, the court could not correct the matter if the jury had erred, because the defendants could not in such case be tried again ; and that the cicumstance, that the jury had thus the power to overrule the. instructions of the court, in case of an acquittal, did not show that they had a right to judge of the law. The court fhither instructed the -jury, that the statute of July 4, 1838, was n6t entirely-void, -if it might have an operation constitutionally in any case -and that, as far as this case was concerned, it could not be in violatioii of any treaty with any foregn power which had been referred to, permitting the introduction of foreign spirits into the United States, because the liquor in question here was proved to be American gin. The.court further instructed the jury that this statute, as it regarded this case, was not repugnant to the clause in the constitution of the United States providing that no -Siate shall, without the consent of Congress, lay any duty on imports or exports, because the gin iri this case was not a foreign article, and was not imported into, btft had been manufactured in, the United States. The court further instructed the jury, that this State could not regulate commerce between this and other States ; that this State could not prohibit .the introduction of articles from another State with such a view,-nor prohibit a sale of them with such a purpose, but that, although the State could not make such laws with such views .and for such purposes, she was not entirely forbidden to legislate in relation to articles introduced from foreign countries or from other States; that she might tax them the same

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

557

License Cases. -Peirce et al. v. New Hampshire.

as other property, and might regulate the sale to some extent ; that a State might pass health and police laws which would, to a certain extent, affect foreign commerce, and commerce between the
States ; and that this statute was a regulation of that character, and constitutional. And the court further said, in conclusion (the sale being admitted, and the instructions of the court that the law, as applicable, to this case, was constitutional, having been given), that nothing farther remained in this particular case, unless the jury sav fit to exercise-the power that they possessed of overruling the instructions of the court, and giving a verdict contrary to those instructions ; and that if they did so, and acquitted the defendants, the court could not set aside the verdict, even if an error had been committed.
The jury having -returned a verdict, that the- defendants were guilty, the defendants excepted to the foregoing-instructions, and to
what is said in conclusion of the charge as aforesaid, and filed this 'bill; which was sealed and allowed.
JOEL PARKER-

This judgment having been affirmed by the Superior Court of Judicature, a writ of error brought the case up to this court.
It was argued at a prior term, by ,Mr.- Hale, for the plaintiffs in error, and Mhlr. Burke, for the State, and held until -now under a curia advisar vult.
Mr. Hale, for the plaintiffs in error.
As the questions relating to the several interrogatories which were propounded to the jurors, and those whibh the court below refused to have put to them, and the question whether, in criminal cases, the jury are judges of the law as well as the fact, and every other question raised in the bill of exceptions to the ruling of the judge who tried the case, save the single one of the constitutionality of the law of New Hajnpshire, entitled 1 An act regulating the sale of wine and spirituous liquqrs," passed July 4, 1838, belonged appropriately to the supeilor court of that State finally to adjudicate upon, and are not supposed in this case to appertain to the jurisdiction of this court, I shall pass them over entirely, and proceed at once to the consideration of the only question Which this case presents to_ this tribunal for decision. That question is, - "Is the act of the legislature of New Hampshire, above mentioned, in accordance with, or in contravention of, the constitution of the United States ?"
The plaintiffs in error contend that it is repugnant to that clause of the constitution of the United ,States which provides that "cno State shall, without the consent of the Congress, lafany imposts or duties on imports or exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing its inspection laws" ; also, because it is repugnant to that clause which declares that "the Congress shall have
47*

558

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Peirce et al. v. New Hampshire.

power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States and with the Indian tribes."
Believing that the whole ground covered by this case has been more than once considered by this court, fully and ably argued by eminent and distinguished counsel on both sides of the question, and so palpably and distinctly decided in divers cases, especially in
Brown v. Maryland, 12 Wheat. 419, that it is not in the power of sophistry even to withdraw this law from that sphere of 'legislation which the decision in that case prohibited to the States, I trust I
shall be considered as having fully discharged my duty to my clients, when I. have briefly adverted to a very few of the many palpable reasons assigned by the court for the ground they then assumed, and which, it is confidently believed, will avail to the plaintiffs in error in the present case.
If this barrel of gin had been imported from a foreign country, could the State of New Hampshire have prohibited its introduction into their territory ? The answer to this interrogatory is obvious and palpable. It will not for a momeit be contended, that, while the constitution prohibits any State from laying any imposts or duties on imports or exports, the right is left to the several States to prohibit importations altogether. The power of regulating imports from foreign countries falls so directly and inevitably under the
power to regulate commerce, that it has never been denied to belong to Congress. I shall proceed upon the assumption, that no one can controvert this plain proposition. If the State could not prohibit its importation from a foreigh country, cotld the State prohibit its sale ? Clearly not. Justice Story, in his Commentaries (vol. 2, § 1018), says :--" There is no difference, in effect, between a power to prohibit the sale of an articl& and a power to prohibit its introduction into the country. The one would be a necessary consequence of the other. No goods would be imported if none could
be sold."
Chief Justice Marshall '(Brown v. Maryland, 12 Wheat. 446), says : -" 1 If this power reaches the interior of a State, and may be there exercised, it must be capable of authorizing the sale of those articles which it introduces. Commerce is intercourse ; one of its most ordinary ingredients is traffic. It is iiconceivable that the power to authorize this trafic, when given in the most comprehen-, sive terms, with the iptent that its efficacy should be complete, should cease at the point where its continuance is indispensable to its value. To what purpose should the power to allow importation
be given, unaccompanied with the power to authorize a sale of the thing imported ? Sale is the object of importation, and is an essential
ingredient of that intercourse of which importation constitutes a part. It is as essential an ingredient, as indispensable to the existence of the entire thing, then, as importation itself. It must be considered
as a component part of the power to regulate commerce. Congress

JANUARY-TERMi 1847.

559

License Cases.-Peirce dt al. p. New Hampshire.

has a'right, not only to authorize importation, but to authorize &e
importer to sell."
Upon these authorities, I take it to be clear, that; if this barrel of gHianmhpasdhirbeeenneitihmepr orted from a foreign country; the State of New
could have prohibited its introduction into their
territory, nor its sale while it remained in the situation in which it
was imported.
The next question is, whether, it being an importation from a sister State instead of a foreign country, it is not equally protected
by the constitution and laws of the Union ; or, in other words, is comnierce with foreign nations put on a better foundation by the constitution than commerce between the several -States ? There surely is nothing in the words of the constitution, nothing in the manner in which the constitution is expressed, to warrant such a position. The provisions applicable to both species of commerce are found in the same sentence, the one immediately following the other. But we are not left to conjecture on this subject. Chief. Justice Marshall, in delivering the opinion of the court, in the ease (Brown v. Maryland) before cited, says : = - It may be proper to add, that we suppose the principles laid down in this case to apply
equally to importations from a'sister State." Justice Story, in his Commentaries (vol. 2, § 1062), says : -I" The importance of the power of regulating commerce among the States,. for'the purposes of the Union, is scarcely less than that of regulating it with sovereign States. The history of other nations furnishes the same admonition. In Switzerland, where the union is vs.ry slight, it has been found necessary to provide, that each canton shiall be obliged to allow a passage to merchandise through its jurisdiction, without an augmentation of tolls. -In Germany, it is a law of the empire, that the princes shall not lay tolls on customs or bridges, rivers or passages,* without the consent of the emperor and Diet. But these regulations are but imperfectly obeyed, and great public mischiefs have followed. Indeed, without this power to regulate commerce among the States, the power of regulating foreign commerce would be incomplete and ineffectual. The very laws 6f the Union in re-
gard to the latter, whether for revenue, for restriction, for retaliation, or for encouragement of domestic prodficts or pursuiti, might be evaded at pleasure, or rendered impotent. In short, in a practical view, it is impossible to separate the regulation of foreign commerce and domestic commerce among the States from each other. The
same public policy applies to each ; and' not a reason can be assigned for confiding the power over the one, which does not con-
duce to establish- the propriety of.conceding the power over the other."1
If thdse authorities can establish a position, then is an importation like the one in the case under consideration entitled to the
same, privilege- and immunities, including, of course, the right to.

50

SUPR EUZ COU.IPT

License Cases.-Peirce et aL r. Now Hampshire.

sell, that would have belonged to it if it had been an importatiqn from a foreign country.
This law of New Hampshire has sometimes been supposed to be saved from the operation of the constitutional principles, as laid down by the court in the case of Brown v.Maryland, by the decision in
New York v. Miln, 11 Peters, 102. An attentive examination of that case, so far as any analogy is found to exist between that and the present, will furnish no foundation upon which to base any such conclusion. Instead of overruling the doctrines sanctioned by the court, in the cases of Gibbons v. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 1, and Brown V. Maryland, the court say, that the question involved in the case of
New York v.Miln is not the very point decided in either of the cases above referred to ; but, on the contrary, the prominent facts.
of that case were in striking contrast with those which characterized the case of Gibbons v, Ogden ; -nor, say the court, is there the least
likeness between the facts of this case and those of Brown v.Maryland. And the reasons upon which the decision in the last-named case lests are repeated and reaffirmed in the case of New York v. Miln. The court, in stating the difference between the two cases, say : - Now it is difficult to perceive what analogy there can be between a case where the right of the State was inquired into, in
relation to a tax imposed upon the sale, of imported goods, and one where, as in this case, the" inquiry is as to its right over persons within its acknowledged jurisdiction ; the goods are the subject of"
commerce, the persons are not. The court did, indeed, extend the power to regulate commerce, so as to protect the goods imported from a State tax dfter they were landed, and were yet in bulk ; but why ? Because they were the subjects of commerce, and because, as the power to iegulate commerce, under which the importation was made, implied a right to sell, that right was complete, without paying the State for a second right to sell, whilst the bales or packages were in their original form. But how can this apply to persons ? They are not the subject of commerce,; aud
not being imported goods, cannot fall.within a train of reasoning founded upon the construction of a power given to Congress to reg-
ulate commerce, and the prohibition to the States from imposing a duty on imported goods." Keeping this palpable and most obvious distinction in view, and ascertaining what were the points raised and
settled in the case of New York v. Miln, theie is no danger of the mind being -misled by any of the remarks of the court in deliverine their opinion in that case* The State of New York passed a law, requiring, the master of every vessel arriving in New York from any foreign port, or from a port of any of the States of the United
States other than New York, under certain penalties, to make a report in writing, containing the name§, ages, and last legal settlement of every person who shall have been on board the vessel commanded by him during the voyage. It was contended by the

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

561

License Cases.-Peirce et al. v. New Hampshire.

defendant in that case, that " the act of the legislature of New York aforesaid assumes to regulate trade and commerce between the port pf New York and foreign ports, and is unconstitutional and-vdid."'
The court decided that it was not a regulation of commerce; that persons were not a subject of commerce, and that it did not come within the principles settled in Gibbons.v. Ogden, or Brown v. Maryland.
Nor can a distinction be found between this case and that of Brown v. Maryland, from the fact, that in Maryland the importer was compelled to pay fifty dollars for his license, and in New Hampshire it does not appear that he is compelled to pay any thing. Chief Justice Marshall, in stating that case, says :-",, The cause depends entirely on the question, whether the legislature of a State can constitutionally require the importer of foreign articles to tifkt out a license from the State before he shall be permitted to sell a bale or package so imported."
To that inquiry the covrt by its decision gave a negative answer; and when they add, as the constitution most palpably authorized them to, that " the principles laid down in this case apply equally to importations from a sister State," it seems that they decided *every principle involved in tle case at bar, unless there be something peculiar in the subject-matter upon which the legislature, of New Hampshire has legisiaLed, viz. wine and spirituous liquor; upon which I propose to submit a few suggestions presently. The question waI not as to the amount to be paid for thd license, nor whether any thing was to be paid, but as to the right of the State to require it under any circumstances.
Now let us see what this act of the legislature of New Hampshire undertakes to do. It assumes that the State may prohibit, under
severe penalties to ei'ery one within her limits, the entire commerce in wines and ardent spirits. No matter that we have treaties with foreign powers authorizing their importation and sale into the country ; no matter that Congress have admitted them into the country under the general laws of the whole Union, and, to encourage th&
manufacture, have made such as are produced from certain specifie'd substances entitled to debenture upon exportation ; no matter that the government of this Union at this moment derives no inconsiderable portion of its revenue from the duties levied upon these pro-
scribed articles of commerce ; this act of New Hampshire subjects every individual who sells a barrel, hogshead, cargo, or any quantity, great or small, without a license from the selectmen of some
one of her towns, to the ignominy and expense of a criminal prosecution, conviction, and fine or imprisonment.
Is there any thing in the nature of the object concerning which
New Hampshire has legislated to constitute it an exception from these general provisions ? It is worthy of notice, that a large proportion of the articles for the sale of which the laws of Maryland

562

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Peir~e et al. v. New Hampshire.

required a license, and which laws this court pronounced unconstitutional, consisted of various kinds of distilled spirituous liquors ; and it did not occur td,the distinguished counsellors engaged in that
casdP that there was any thing in that circumstance to call for the. application of a rule of construction different from what was. applied
to other subjects of commerce.
The court below, in the case at bar, admit that 'the State of New 'Hampshire cannot regulate commerce between that and the, other
States ; that they cannot prohibit the introduction .of articles from another State, wth such a view, nor prohibit the sale of them for
such a purpose ; but that a State might pass health'and police laws, which would, to a certain extent, affect foreign commerce, and
commerce beiween the States ; and that this statute was a regulation of that character, and constitutiondl.
The doctrine of the right of a State to pass health and police laws, carried to the extent here claimed, would be a virtual abrogation of the constitution, and a total nullification ofr that power in the
general government to regulate commerce, which was one of the' chief objects 'proposed to be attained by the establishment of the federal contitution. Let us test this principle by some subject
other than wine and ardent spirits. Many philanthropists and physicians contdnd that the use of tobacco is as injurious as that of
intoxicating drink. Will it for a moment be supposed that there-
fore a State, or any number of States, may prohibit the introduction of tobacco within their borders, and make the selling of it an in-dictable offence ? May one or more of the wool-growing States of this Union, under the right to make health and police regulations,
prohibit the introduction of cotton into their limiti, and make him who would sell it a felon, and then eacape the condemnation so justly due to such an unwarrantable assumption of power, on theground that it was more healthful for -their citizens to be clad in
woollen than in cotton garments ? Not a few reformers of the present day believe and affirm that the use of tea and coffee is, in' all cases, injurious ; and if such a sect shduld momentarily acquire the aicendency in any of the State legislatures, may they render commerce in those articles criminal ?
Another sect of reformers, by no means despicable in point of
numbers or talents, honestly believe, and strenuously assert, that the
use of animal food is an evil which ought not to be tolerated; but may a State, a majority' of whose citizens entertain such an opinioti, punish with fine and imprison?ment the act of selling beef and pork, imported frorg a sister State
May a State -engaged in the whale fishery prohibit the introduction of tallow candles, and make the salei of them criminal on any
such pretence, or a. State interested in the -manufacture of the latter article prohibit the introduction of oil, or sperm candles ?
It way be-urged that no such abuse of this power is to be appre-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

563

License Cases.-Peirce et al. v. New Hampshire.

hended. But an answer to such a suggestion is found given by that eminent and learned judge who delivered the opinion of the court in the case of Brown v. Maryland, where he says, -" All power may be abused. It might with equal justice be said, that no State would
be so blind to its own interest as to lay duties on importation which would either prohibit or diminish its trade. · Yet the framers of our constitution have thought this a power which no State ought to exercise." And Justice Story, in his Commentaries (vol. 2, § 1066), lays down this express limitation to the power of a State to pass inspection laws, health laws, &c., - " that they do not conflict with the powers delegated to Congress." And Chief Justice Marshall says expressly, "tha i it cannot interfere with any regulation of
commerce."
Let it not be forgotten that the oppressed and degraded condition of commerce was one of the most urgent and pressing reasons which induced the formation of the constitution. "Before that time each State regulated it with a single view to its own interest ; and our disunited efforts to counteract their restrictions were rendered impotent by a want of combination. Congress, indeed, possessed the power of making treaties ; but th6 inability of the federal government to enforce them had become so apparent as to render that power, in a great degree, useless. Those who felt the injury arising from this state of things, and those who were capable of estimating
the influence of commerce on the prosperity of nations, perceived the necessity of giving the control over this important 'subject to a
single government. It is not, therefore, matter of surprise, that the grant should be as extensive as the mischief, and should comprehend all foreign commerce, and all commerce between the States."-
2 Story's Commentaries, § 1054. This power, if it be permitted to the States, will be abused. There is no safety for the whole. people in placing it anywhere save in those hands where the constitution has placed it. If, on any pretence, however specious, for the purpose of advancing any cause, however popular or praiseworthy, this function of the general government, so vital to its character, may be usurped by a State legislature, the barrier between the two powers is broken down, and the purposes. of the Union itself defeated. Fanaticism never proposed a measure so wild and absurd, that specious and plausible arguments have not been devised to sustain the measures by which it would effect its
object.
This case finds that the plaintiffs in error purchased this bai-rel of gin in Massachusetts. No law of any State, or of the Union,
was violated by that act. They were, thus far, in the pursuit and prosecution of a lawful commerce. They brought it coastwise to the landing at Piscataqua Bridge (in New Hampshire), and from thence to their store in Dover. No law is yet broken. And then, in the same barrel, and in the same condition in which it was pur-

564

SUPREME COURT.

Licepse Cases.-Ppirce et al. v., New Hampshire.

chased in Massachusetts, and in which they imported it from a sister State, they sold it to Sias. If, as this court has already decided, the same principles apply to commerce between the States that apply to commerce with foreign nations, may it not, without arrogance or presumption, be asked, if human ingenuity can honestly distin-
guish this case from the one already decided by this court, and so
often referred to ?
Perhaps I owe an apology to this honorable court for urging upon them arguments so familiar and principles so well settled ; but believing, as my clients do, that, instead of receiving, as they were entitled to, the protection of the government in their lawful business, they have been branded as criminals, their property taken, and their constitutional rights'4trampled upon, they have, in the last resort, appealed to this tribunal for that redrets and protection against unconstitutional State legislation, to afford which so eminently belongs
to this honorable court. They rely with confidence upon the assurance that here, at least,
law may be administered, right defended, and justice maintained,
uncontaminated by the breath of a local and temporary diseased sentiment,'which, in its misguided and abortive attempts at reform, essays to eradicate physical and moral evil from society, and corruption from the human heart, by the wondrous efficiency of legislative enactment. They rely with confidence upon that protection to commerce which this court, on divers occasions, have extended, though, in so doing, they have been under the necessity of pronouncing the legislation of more than one State invalid and uncon-
stitutional. It was to protect commerce that this Union was established. Take away that power from the general government, and the Union c'annot long survive.
Having thus referred the court to the positions which I suppose sustain my clients, - positions occupied and illustrated by the pro-
found learning, deep research, and luminous reasoning of Marshall and Story, in their expositions of this branch of the constitution, " I leave this case, in the confidence that my clients, in common with all the other citizens of this whole country, will ever find (as they ever have in times past) in this court a full and ample prbtection for their constitutional rights, against which the waves of fanaticism, as well as of faction, may beat harmlessly.

,Mr. Burke, for the State.
(The argument upon the two first points, respecting the rights of the jury, is omitted.)
Ilf. The third and last point raised in this case is the following, viz. -
That the court by' whom this cause was tried instructed the jury that the act of the legislature of the State of New Hampshire, approved July 4, 1838, under which the plaintiffs in error were in-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

565

License Cases.-Peirce et al. v. New Hampshire.

dicted, was not repugnant to the constitution of the United States, nor to any treaty between the United States and foreign nations.

The provisions of the constitution of the United States, to which

the law of the State of New Hampshire is alleged to be repugnant,

are in the following words :

1. "No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing its inspection laws." Art. 1, § 10,

part of 2d clause.

2. "The Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, among the several States, and with the Indian

tribes." Art. 1, § 8, clause 3.

The act before mentioned is also alleged to be repugnant "to certain public treaties of the United States with Holland, France,

and other countries, containing stipulations for the admission of

spirits into the United States." By the admission of. the plaintiffs in error on 'the trial, it appears
that the "gin" alleged in the ifidictment to have been sold by

them was " American gin."

Therefore, taxing the gin, or prohibiting its sale, except upon the terms of the act of the State of New Hampshire, before referred

to, did not conflict with the clause of the constitution of the United States first cited above ; because it was not an " import, " nor an " export," in the sense of that provision of the constitution.

And for the same reason, taxing, or restricting its sale, did not conflict with the first member of the second clause of the constitution, above cited, which clothes Congress With the power "1to regulate commerce with foreign nations" ; nor with the last member of the clause, which empowers Congress to regulate commerce " with the Indian tribes " ; nor with the public treaties of the United

States with foreign nations.

If it conflict with any provision of the constitution, it is with the second member of the second clause above cithd, which gives Congress the power to ieglate commerce "among the several States" ; and that, it is apprehended, is the only question of which this tribu-

nal has cognizance in this c-se. But, before proceeding to the argument of ihis question, the supposed ground on which the plaintiffs

in error rely will be briefly examined.

It is anticipated that the plaintiffs in error will rely mainly on the case of Brown v. The State of Maryland, reported in 12 Wheat. 419; 6 Cond. Rep. 554. It therefore becomes necessary to compare the facts of thaL case with the present, and to examine the principles laid down by Chidf Justice Marshall in giving the opinion of the court.

That case was an indictment for selling " one package 6f foreign

dry goods," contrary to an act of the legislature of the State of Mviaryland, requiring all "importers" of "foreign goods and com-

modities," selling the same by wholesale, in bulk, to take out a li-

VOL. v.

48

566

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Peir-e et al. v. New Hampshire.

cense, under a penalty of one hundred dollars, and the forfeiture of the amount of the license tax, which was fifty dollars, for a neglect to comply with the provisions of the act. The act of the legislature of Maryland was a revenue law, and a tax imposed upon the importer under the form of a license tax, a revenue tax, and not a
police regulation to restrain the sale of an article which was deemed injurious to the health and morals of the people of that State. The persons taxed were the importers of foreign goods; and not the dealers in articles of domestic manufacture or production. The case, therefore, of Brown v. The State of Maryland is different in all its features from the case at bar. It differs from it in two most prominent features :-
1. The act of the legislature of New Hampshire, under which the plaintiffs in error were indicted, was a police regulation, and
not a revenue law. 2. The commodity sold was not an article of foreign production,
nor an " import," but was an article of American manufacture. These two circumstances distinguish -the case at bar widely from
the case relied on by the plaintiffs in error. The reasohing, therefore, of the court in Brown v. Maryland will not apply to this case.
But it is apprehended, that, if' the " gin " sold by the plaintiffs in error had been imported, themselves not being the importers, they could not sustain their side of the case on the principles laid down by the court in Brown v. Maryland. Chief Justice Marshall says, the article is exempt from the taxing power of a State " while remaining the property of the importer, in his warehouse, in the original form or package in which it was imported." "' This state of things," he adds, "is changed if he [the importer] sells them, or otherwise mixes them up with the property of the State, by breaking up the packages and travelling with them as an itinerant peddler." In which case " the tax 'finds the article already incorporated with the mass of property by the act of the importer." He "has himself mixed them up in the common mass; and the'law may take them as it finds them."
From these principles two deductions follow 1. That the article is exempt from the taxing power of the State while it is in the possession of the importer in bulk, and has not become incorporated with the general mass of property in the State.
2. When it has thus become incorporated with the mass of property in a State, it is subject to all the laws, restrictions, regulations, and burdens to which other descriptions of the mass of property are subject.
In the case at bar, on the supposition that the gin was originally imported, the sale of it by the importer to the plaintiffs in error, and its subsequent transportation into New Hampshire, was such an incorporation of it with the mass of property in the State of New Hampshire as to subject it to the taxing power and police regula-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

567

License Cases.-Peirce et al. v. New Hampshire.

tions of the State, in the same manner and to the same extent to which all property within its jurisdiction was subject.
Again, it is admitted by the court in Brown v. Maryland, that the "police powerII remains with the States. The act of the legislature of New Hampshire, under which the' plaintiffs in error were indicted, is "a portion of the police system of that State, and, according to Chief Justice Marshall, is not repugnant to the con-
stitution of the United States. But the plaintiffs in error may rely upon the obiter dictum of the
court in Brown v. Maryland, that 1 we [the court] suppose the principles laid down in this case to apply equally to importations from a sister State." It cannot be supposed, however, that a remark thus casually and loosely expressed can be regarded as au-
thority in the case at bar. If the gin had been foreign gin, and had been purchased by the plaintiffs in error in Massachusetts, and carried to New Hampshire, would it have been such an "importation from a sister State" as to exempt it from the taxing power or police regulations of the State of New Hampshire ? And can the fact of its being " American gin," and of having been purchased in Massachusetts (whether manufactured there or not does not appear), give it greater privileges and exemptions in the State 'of New Hampshire, than if it had been manufactured in New Hampshire,
carried to Massachusetts, and there purchased by the plaintiffs in error, and brought back by them to New Hampshire, and sold in the same vessel in which ,c was originally put up by the manufacturer ? But this point will be more fully considered hereafter.
It may also be said, that the "gin" was purchased in Boston in the same barrel in which it was afterwards transported from Massachusetts to New Hampshire, and there sold. Ih other words, it was sold by the plaintiffs in error- "1in bulk," and therefore comes within the principles of the case of Brown v. Maryland, and could not be. taxed by the laws of, New Hampshire, nor its sale in any way regulated or restricted.
This position is not believed to be tenable. If it were, it would be impossible to prevent the evasion of the license laws of the State of New Hampshire. Ardent spirits could not be purchased in Massachusdtts in vessels containing a less quantity than one barrel, in vessels containing no more than a gallon, a quart, or a pint, and in that form carried into the State of New Hampshire, and sold in spite
of the laws regulating the sale of spirituous liquors. It is believed that no such quibbling with, or evasion of, the laws of a State, can shelter itself under the provision of the constitution which grants to Con.gress the power " to regulate commerce among the several States."
But the case of Brown: v. Maryland does not turn on the principle contended for. The taxing power of Maryland in that case seized hold of the commodity while it retained the character of an "1import," and before it became incorporated with the genera. mass

568

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Peirce et al. v. New Hampshire.

of property in the State. In that state of the commodity, the court held that the taxing power of Maryland could not reach it. And
one of the reasons assigned for the decision was, that the importer, by paying the duty upon the article to the United States, had purchased the right of selling it, of which he could not be deprived by the legislation of a State. In the case at bar, the plaintiffs in error had purchased no right to sell their gin by the payment of duties upon it; and, furthermore, it had become incorporated with the general mass of property in the State of New Hampshire.
But the true and only question involved in the case, and which is presented for the decision of this tribunal, is now approached.
Is the act of the legislature of New Hampshire regulating the sale of spirituous liquors, approved July 4,. 1838, repugnant to that provision of the constitution of the United States which clothes Congress with the power." to regulate commerce among the several States" ?
If it should be regarded as a law whose object was revenue alone, it is believed then not to be repugnant to the provision of the constitution just cited. But, before proceeding further, it becomes necessary to inquire into the meaning of this provision of the constitution, and the extent of the power which it deldgates to Congress. And, in order to comprehend it clearly, it will be necessary to recur to the circumstances in the history of the country, prior to the adoption of the present constitution, which led to the investment of this power in Congress. Previous to that time, it is well known that the States comprising the Union had separate and independent systems of revenue, commerce, and navigation. One of their sources of revenue was the. levying of duties on foreign imports. They had the same power over the products of other Statds, when imported into their jurisdictions. Each 'State legislated for itself, in relation to duties, tonnage, and navigation.
Of course the exercise of this right to regulate commerce, which each State then possessed, led to numerous conflicts with the legislation and the interests of other States, which did not fail to engender deep and malignant animosities, as the history of the times abundantly proves. Trade was restricted between the States, and the interchange of commodities, so essential to the interests and advancement of all, was greatly embarrassed. Hence was there an imperative necessity to wrest this dangerous power from the indi-
vidual States, and vest it in the general government, in order to' secure a uniformity of its exercise. In Gibbons v. Ogden, 9 'Wheat. 1, this power is assumed by the court to be exclusively vested in Congress. The extept, therefore, of the power embraces the whole of it, subject, however, to the inspection laws, health laws, police regulations, &c., &c., which the court, in the case last cited, admit belong to the great mass of general legislation
reserved to the States. But this power extends only to the transportation and introduc-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

569

License Cases.-Peirce et al. v. New Hampshire.

tion of articles ofr commerce from one State into the Emits of an-
other. When a comrhodity is introduced within the jurisdiction of another State, it becomes subject to the laws of that State. In other words, each State has the power to regulate the internal traffic within its limits. This position is sustained in Gibbons P. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 1; Brown v. The State of Maryland, 12 Wheat. 419 ; City of New York v. Miln, 11 Peters, 102.
The power to regulate commerce among the States is supervisory. It was designed by the framers of the constitution to secure to the several States of the Union a free interchange of their products, and their transit through the territories of each, unencumbered with any burdens, duties, or taxes, except such as grow out of the inspection, health, and police regulations of the respective States. In other words, it was designed to secure free trade among the States. And in accordance with this view of the power of Congress to regulate commerce between the States is that provision in the constitution which prohibits to. the States the
power "to lay any duty oi3 tonnage"; and also that provision of the constitution which prohibits any "regulation of commerce or revenue, which shall give preference to the ' ports of one State over those of another.' " Thus it isthe manifest intention of the constitution that the power of Congress ovez commerce between the States shall be supervisory merely, and exerted only to secure perfect freedom of trade and intercourse between the States. (See
the Federalist, No. 42, p. 182, Wash. edition, 1831.) With this view, Congress has passed navigation laws, which setcure to the vessels of one State the same privileges in the ports of another State which the vessels of the latter enjoy in its own, ports.
But does the act of the legislature of New Hampshire interfere with this power of Congress "to regulate commerce amobg the States," as above defined'? Does it prevent the unrestricted introduction of articles from other States into the State of New Hampshire, or their free transit through its territories ? It may be safely affirmed that it does not.
It is stated in th& bill of exceptions, that the gin sold by the plaintiffs in error was broight from Boston, the place ,of its purchase, "coastwise to the landing at Piscataqua Bridge, and from* thence to the defendants' store in Dover." But can the mode by which the article was transported from Afa~sachusetts, and- introduced into the territory of New Hampshire, secure to it any constitutional protection ? It will not be pretended. The gin would have been entitled to the same privileges and immunities if it had been transported by railrond, or by one of the numerous baggage-
wagons which run to and from Massschusetts and New Hampshire. It cannot be a privileged article, because it was carried "coastwise" into the State of New Hampshire. But it may be confi-
dently affirmed that Congress, under the general power- "to reg-
48 *

570

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.'Peirce et al. v. New Hampshire.

ulate commerce among the several States," cannot secure to the productions and manufactures of one State, imported into another
State for sale and consumption, greater privileges and exemptions than the productions and manufactures of the latter would enjoy within its own jurisdiction. Congress cannot give to the productions and manufactures of Massachusetts, ivhich are carried into New Hqmpshire for sale and consumption, greater privileges and exemptions than the productions and manufactures of the latter
State would posseis within the limits of its own territories. The"-barrel of gin " purchased by the plaintiffs in error in Massachusetts, and carried to New Hampshire for sale and consumption, could not claim greater privileges and exeniptions than a "barrel of gin manufactured in the State of New Hampshire. The former must, be subject to the same laws and regulations to which the latter would besubject. And it will hardly be pretended that the legislature of New Hampshire could not pass laws regulating the sale, within iis own limits, of spirituous liquors, or of any other article manufactured within its 'own jurisdiction. And if Congress should attempt to interfere in such a case, it would be a most gross and palpable invasion of the.reserved rights and the internal police of New Hampshire.
But it. may be contended that, the license law of the State of New Hampshire conflicts with the provision of the constitution which gives Congress power to regulate commerce among the States, because it is general and sweeping in its provisions, and prohibits the sale of wines and spirituous liquors in any quantity. Such a position, if assumed, cannot be maintained by any sound argument. It would make the constitutional question involved in this, case depend upon the quantity of liquor sold, and not the thing itself. And ,-where should be the limit of the law as to the quantity the sale of which it would be constitutional to prohibit ? Would it be confined to a pint, a quart, or a gallon ? And could the grave constitutional question raised in this case depend upon an absurdity so palpable, not to say ridiculous ?
Btit the subjection of the proddctions of one State, when introduced for the purpose of sale and, consumption Wvithin the territories of anotber, to the internal laws aid regulations of the latter State, finds an analogy in the case of the citizens of one State going into the jurisdiction of another.
The constitution provides, that "cthe citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of the citizens of the several States." Citizens of one State, going into the jurisdiction of another State, can claim no exemption from its laws under this
clause. If they enter the territory of another State merely to pass through it, the power of the lIw surrounds them to protect them froin'violence and to restrain them from crime. If they violate the laws of the State into.whose territory, they pass, they are subject,

JANUAR: TERM, 1847.

571

License Cases. - Peirce et al. v. New Hampshire.

like all the citizens bf that State, to all the penalties which the laws impose. If they remain in the State, *theybecome subject to the taxing power, and all the burdens and restraints which its laws impose upon its own citizens. Can an article of commerce, produced
in one State and carried into another- for sale and consumption, claim greater privileges and exemptions in the latter State than citizens of the same State passing into another can claim ? Such a
position will hardly be ventured upon.
But, finally, it is contended for the State of New Hampshire, that the act of July 4, 1838, under which the plaintiffs in error were indicted, is a police regulation, which it was within the competency
of the legislature of that State to enact, and is therefore not repugnant to the constitution of the United States.
In the case of Gibbons v. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 203, the court say, that " inspection laws, quarantine laws, health laws, of every description, as well as laws for regulating the infernal commerce of a
State, and those which respect turnpike-roads, ferries, &c., are (omponent parts of that immense mass of legislation which embrades
every thing within the territory of a State not surrendered to the general government."
The law of the legislature of New Hempshire under consideration is a police regulation. Its design and object are to preserve the public morals and health of the State, and it is clearly within the recognized constitutional authority of the legislature of that State to
enact. This power; it is admitted by the court, in the cases of Brown v. Maryland, Gibbons v. Ogden, and The City of New York v. Miln, all before cited, the States may exercise, even if it interfere with foreign commerce. The States may pass laws regulating the sale of gunpowder, which is clearly a police regulation, and necessary for the safety of the people, particularly in large cities. They may, also, by their health laws, intercept and 'prohibit the sale of an infected article, notwithstanding the duty may have been paid on it, and it may yet remain in the hands of the importer, in bulk, in the character of an import ; afortiorimay they intercept and prohibit the sale of an infected article, produced in another State, and transported within the jurisdiction of the former for sale. For the same reason May the States, by their police regulations, prohibit the sale of obscene books, imported from a foreign country, notwithstanding the duty may have been paid on them, and they May remain in the original package. So, also, may they prohibit the sale of an obscene book written in this cbuntry, on which the copyright has been secured from the government of the United, States, notwithstanding the fee required in such cases has been paid.
Such cases, it is believed, would be analogous'in principle to the power to regulate or prohibit the sale of spirituous liquors. On this point the following cases are relied on : Lunt's case, 6 Greenleaf's (Mfaine) Rep. 412 ; Beal, plaintiff in error, v'. The State of In-

572

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Peirce et al. v. New Hampshire.

dianai 4 Blackford, 107.; 'King -v. Cooper, plaintiff in error, 2
Scamnon, 305. And in confirmation of the authorities cited on this point, it may
be observed that the license system was adopted in England at a very early period .of her history, and has ever since- composed a part of the police system of that kingdom. See Crabbe's His-
tory of English Law (London edit.), p. 477 ; see also the different enactments of the British Parliament, In 7 Evans's Statutes, pp. 1- 32, title Ali-houses. Many of the English statutes relate to ihe sale of imported as well as domestic liquors. They, of course, conflict with the import as well as excise systems of that government ; and yet, it is believed, they never have been called in ques-
tion. License regulations were also fidopted by the provincial legisla-
ture of New Hampshire at an early period. See Provincial Laws of New Hampshire (edit. of 1761), pp. 64, 143.
Similar legislation, it is-believed, has been adopted in nearly every State in the Union.
But if the law of the legislature of New Hampshire, now- under consideration, shall not be regarded as a police regulation, it is
clearly a law-regulating the internal commerce of the State, and .therefore constitptiqnal, according to the. doctrine laid down in Gibbons v. Ogden,. before cited. It may also claim analogy with the laws relating to hawkers and peddlers, which, it is believed, have been enacted in some form in every State in the Union.
And, in conclusion, the remark willbe ventured upon (although,, perhaps, not appropriate in a mere" argument), that the people of the State of New Hampshire, almost without distinction of age,
sex, or condition, feel a deep and absorbing inthrest in the final issue of this question. Their sentiments concur with the sense of
nearly the whole civilized world, which now concedes that the traffic in intoxicating liquors is a crime against society. It is disap-
proved by man, and stands condemned by the great moral Judge of the universe, whose purity cannot countenance suich manifest and admitted wrong. It is the-foul parent of immorality and crime, and the prolific source of unspeakable misery and sorrow to innumerable individuals and families. Ana is it to be contended that it is re-
pugnant to the constitution of the United States to restrain and prohibit such inhuman traffic ? - to extirpate a moral crime, which
grows blacker and more hideous the longer it is contemplated, and the more its horrible effects become visible ? And deeply anxious
are the people of New Hampshire that this vicious trade shall receive no countenance from the judgment of the august and enlightened tribunal to whose arbitrament this cause.is now most respectfully submitted. "

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

573

License Cases.-Mi. Chief Justice Taney's Opinion.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY.
In the cases of Thurlow v. The State of' Massachusetts, of Fletcher v. The State of Rhode Island, and of Peirce et al. v, The State of New Hampshire, the judgments of the respective State courts are severally affirmed.
The justices of this court do not, hQwever, altogether agree in the principles upon which these cases are decided, and I therefore proceed to state the grounds upon which I concur in affirming the judgments. The first two of these cases depend upon precisely the same principles ; and although the case against the State of, New Hampshire differs in some respects from the others, yet there are !mportant prin6iples common to all of them, and on that account it is more convenient to consider them together. Each of the cases has arisen upon State laws, passed for the purpose of discouraging the use of ardent spirits within their respective territories, by prohibiting their sale in small quantities, and without licenses previously obtained from-the State .authorities. And the validity of each of them has been drawn in qhestion, upon the ground that it is repugnant to that clause of the constitution of the United States which confers upon Congress the' power to regulate commerce with foreign nations and among the 'everal States.
The cases have been separately and fully and ably argued, and the questions which they involve are undoubtedly of the highest importance. But the construction of this-clause in'the constitution has been so fully discussed at the bar, and in the opinions delivered by the court in former cases, that scarcely any thing "can be suggested at this day calculated to throw much adtditional light upon the subject, -or any argument -offered which has not heretofore been considered, and commented on, and which may not be found in the reports of the decisions of this court.
It is not my pufpose to enter into a particular examination of the various passages in different oflinions of the cou.rt, or of sope of its members, in former dases, which have been referred to by counsel, and relied upon as supporting the construction of the constitution for which they are respectively contending. And I am the less inclined to do so because I think these controversies often arise from looking to detached passages in the opinions, mihere general expressions are sometimesused, which, taken by themselves, are susceptible of a construction that the court never intended should be gi- en to them, and which in some instances would render different portions of the opinion inconsistent with each other.' It is only by looking to the case under.consideration at the time, and taking the whole' 6pinion together, in all its bearings, that we can correctly understand the judgment of the court.
The constitution of the United States declares that that .constitution, and the laws of the United States which shall be made in pur.-

574

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-M r. Chief Justice Taney's Opinion.

suance thereof, and all treaties made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the
land. It .follows that a law of Congress regulating commerce with foreign nations, or among. the several States, is the supreme law ; and if the law of a State is in conflict with it, the law of Congress must prevail, and the State law cease to operate so far as it is repugnant to the law of the United States.
It is 'qually clear, that the power of Congress over this subject does not extend further .than the regulatibn of commerce with foreign nations and among the several States ; and that beyond these limits the States have never surrendered their power over trade and commerce, and may still exercise it, free from any controlling power on the part of the general government. Every State, therefore, may regulate its own internal traffic, according to its
own judgment and upon its own views of the interest and well-being of its citizens.
I am not aware that these principles I ave ever been questioned. The difficulty has always arisen on their application; and that difficulty-is now presented in the Rhode Island and Maisachusetts cases, where the question is how far a State may regulate -or prohibit the sale of ardent spirits, the importation of which from foreign countries has been authorized by Congress. Is such a law a regulation of foreign commerce, or of the internal traffic of the State ?
It is unquestionably no easy task to mark by a certain and definite line the division between foreign and domestic commerce, and to fix the precise point, in relation to every imported article, where the paramount power of Congress terminates, and that of the State begins. The constitution- itself does not attempt to define these limits. They cannot be determined by the laws of Congress or the States, as neither can by its own legislation enlarge its own powers, or restrict those of the other. And as the constitution itself does not draw the line, the question is necessarily one for judicial decision, and depending altogether upon the words .of the constitution.
This question came directly before the court for the first time in the case of Brown v. The State of Maryland, P4 Wheat. 419. And the court there held that an article authorized by a law of Congre~s to be imported continued.to be a part of the foreign commerce of the country while it remained in the hands of the importer for sale, in the original bale,. package, or vessel in which it was imported ; that the authority given to import necessarily carried with it the right to sell the imported article in the form and shape in which it was imported, and that no State, either by direct assessment or by requiring a license from the importer before he was permitted to sell, could impose any burden upon him or the property imported beybnd what the law of Coigress had itselir imposed ; but that when the original package was broken up for use or for retail by the im-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

575

License Cases.-Mr. Chief Justice Taney's Opinion.

porter, and also when the commodity-had passed from his hands into the bands of a purchaser, it ceased to be an import, or a part
of foreign commerce, and became subject to the laws of the State
and might be taxed for State purposes, and the sale regulated by the
State, like any other property. This I understand to .be substan-
tially the decision in the case of Brown v. The State of Maryland,
drawing the line between foreign commerce, which is subject to the regulation of Congress, and internal or domestic commerce, which belongs to the States, 'and over which Congress can exercise no
control.
I argued the case in behalf of the State, and endeavoured to maintain that the law of Maryland, which required the importer as well as other dealers to take out a license before he could sell, and for which he was to pay a-cer'tain sum to the State, was valid and constitutional ; and certainly I at that time persuaded myself that I was right, and thought the decision .of the court restricted the powers of the State more than a sound construction of the constitution of the United State would warrant.- But further and more
mature reflection has coniinced me that the rule laid down by the Supreme Court is a just and safe one, and perhaps. the best that could have been adopted for preserving the right of the United. States on the one hand, and of the States on the other, and preventing collision between them. The questioni I have already said, was a very difficult -one for the judicial mind. In the. nature of things, the line of division is in some degree vague and indefinite, and I do not see how it could be drawn more accurately and cor-
rectly,. or more in harmony with the obvious intention and object of this provision in the constitution. Indeed, goods imported, while
they remain in the hands of the importer, in the form and shbpe in which they were brought into the country, can in no just -sense be regarded as a part of that mass of property in the State-usually
taxed for the support of the State government. The immense amount of foreign products used and consumed in this country are imported, landed, and offered for sale in a few commercial cities,
and a very small portion of them are intended or expected to be used in the State in which they are imported. A great (perhaps the greater) part imported, in some of the cities, is not owned or brought in by citizens of the State, but by citizens of other States, or foreigners. And while they are in the hands of the importer for sale, in the form and shape in which they were introduced, and in which they are intended to be sold, they may be regarded as merely in transitu, and on their way to the distant cities, villages, and country for which they are destined, and where they are expected t6 be used and con-,med, and for the supply of which they were in truth imported. And a tax upon them while in this condition, for State purposes, whether by direct assessment, or indirectly, by requiring a license to sell, would be.hardly more justifiable in prin-

576

SUPREME COURT.

License. Cases.-Mr. Chief Justice -Taney's Opinioi.

ciple than a transit duty upon the merchandise when pasting through a State. A tax in any shape upon imports is a- tax on -the con-
sumer, by enhancing the price of the commodity. And if a State is permitted to levy it in any form, it will put it in the poWer of- a maritime importing State to raise a revenue for the support of its own government from citizens of other States, as certainly and
effectually as if the tax was. laid openly and without disguise as a duty on imports: Such a power in a State would defeat one of the principal objects of forming and adopting the constitution. It cannot
be done directly, in the shape of a duty on imports, for that is expressly prohibited. And as it cannot-be done directly, it could hardly be a just and sound construction of the constitution which
would enable a State to accomplish precisely the same thing under another name, and in a different form.
Undoubtedly a State may impose a tax upon its citizens in proportion to the amount they are respectively worth; and the importing
merchant is liable to this assessment like any other citizen, and is chargeable according to the amount of his property, whether it
consists of money engaged in trade, or of imported goods which he proposes to sell, or any other property of which he is the ovner.
.But a tax of this description stands upon a very different footing from a tax onthe thing imported, while it remains a part of foreign
commerce, and is not introduced into the general mass of property in the State. Nor, indeed, can it even influence materially the price
of the commodity to the consumer, since foreigners; as well as citizens of other States, who are not chargeable with the tax, may
import goods into the same place and offer them for sale in the same market, and with whom the resident. merchant necessarily enters into competition.
Adopting, therefore, the rule as laid down in Brown v. The State of Maryland, I proceed to apply it to the cases of Massachusetts and Rhode Island. The laws of Congress fegulating foreign commerce- authorize the importation of spirits, distilled liquors, and brandy, in casks or vessels not containing less than a certain quantity, specified in the laws upon this subject. Now, if the State laws in question came in collision with those acts of Congress, and .prevented or obstructed the importation or sale of these articles by the importer in the original cask or vessel in which they were imported,
it would be the duty of this court to declare them void. It has, indeed, been suggested, that, if a State deems the traffic
in ardent spirits to be injurious to its citizens, and calculated to introduce immorality, vice, and pauperism into the State, it may
constitutionally refuse to permit its importation, notwithstanding the laws of Congress ; and that a State may do this upon the same
principles that it may resist and prevent the introduction of disease, pestilence, or pauperism from abroad. But it must be remembered that disease, pestilence, and pauperism are not subjects of com-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

577

License Cases.'-Mr. Chief Justice Taney's Opinion.

merce, although sometimes among its attendant evils. They are

not things to be regulated and trafficked 'in, but to he prevented, as

far as human foresight or human means can guard against them.

But spirits and distilled liquors are universally admitted to be sub-

jects of ownership and property, and are therefore subjects of ex-

change, barter, and traffic, like any other commodity in which a

right of property exists. And Congress, under its general power

to regulate commerce with foreign nations, may prescribe what ar-

ticle of merchandise shall be admitted, and what excluded ; and

may therefore admit, or not, as it.shall deem best, the importation

of ardent spirits. And inasmuch as the laws of Congress authorize

their importation, no State has a right to prohibit their introduction.

But I do not understand the law of Massachusetts or Rhode

Island as interfering with the trade in ardent spirits while the article

remains a part of foreign commerce, and is in the hands of the im-

porter for sale, in the cask or vessel in which the laws of Congress

authorize it to be imported. These State laws act altogether upon

the retail or domestic traffic within their respective borders. They

act upon the article after it has passed the line of foreign com-

merce, and become a part of the general mass of property in the

State. These laws may' indeed, iliscourage imports, and diminish

the price which ardent spirits would otherwise bring. But although

a State is bound to receive and to permit the sale by the importer

of any article of merchandise which Congress authorizes to be

imported, it. is not bound *to furnish a market for it, nor to abstain

from the passage of any law which it may deem necessary or ad-

visable to guard the health or morals of its citizens, although such

law may discourage importation, or diminish the profits of the im-

porter, or lessen the revenue of 'the general government. And 'if

any State deems the retail and internal traffic in ardent spirits inju-

rious to its citizens, and calculated, to produce idleness, vice, or

debauchery, I see nothing in the constitution of the United States

to prevent it from regulating and restraining the traffic, .or from

prohibiting it altogether, if it thinks proper.- Of 'the wisdom of

this policy, it i§'not my province or my purpose to speak. Upon

that subject, each State must decide for itself. I speak only of the

restrictions which the constitution and laws of the United States

have imposed upon the States. And as these laws of Massachu-

setts and Rhode Island are not repugnant to the constitution of the

United States, and do not come in conflict with any law of Congress passed in pursuance of its authority to regulate comnierce

with foreign nations and among the several States, there is no

ground upon which this court can declare them to be void.

I come -now to the New Hampshire case, in which a different

principle is involved, -the question, however, arising under the

same clause in the constitution, and depending on its construction.

The law of New Hampshire prohibits the sale of distilled spirits,

VOL. V.

49

578

SUPREME COURT.

License, Cases.-Mr. Chief Justice Taneyls Opinion.

in any quantity, without a license from the selectmen of the town in which the party resides. The plaintiffs in error, who were merchants in Doveri in New Hampshire, purchased a barrel of gin in Boston, brought it to Dover, and sold it in the cask in which
it was imported, without a- license from the selectmen of the town. For this sale they were indicted, convicted, and fined, under the
law above mentioned. The power to regulate commerce among the several States is
,granted to Congress in the same clause, and by the-same w6rds, as the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and is coextensive with it. And, according to the doctrine in Brown V. Marylafid, the article in question, at the time of the sale, was subject
to the-legislation of Congress.
The present cas6, howev.er, differs" from Brown v. The State of Maryland in this, - that the former was one arising out of commerce with foreign nations, which Congress had regulated by law;
whereas- the present is a case of commerce between two States, in relation to which Congress has not exercised its ptwer. Some
acts of Congress have indeed been- eferred to in relation to the coasting trhde. But they are evidently intended merely to prevent
smuggling, and do hot regulate imports or exports from one-State to another. - This case differs also from the eases of Massadhtisetts and Rhode Island ; because; in these two cases, the laws of the States operated upon the articles after they had passed beyond the limits of foreign- commerce, and. consequently were beyond the control and power of Congress. But the law of New Hampshire acts directly upon an import from one State to another, while in the hands of the importer for sale, a.nd is therefore a regulation of commerce, acting upon the article while it is within the -admitted jurisdiction of the general government, and subject tb its control
and regulation. The question, therefore, brought up for decision is, whether a
State is prohibited by the'constitution of the United States from making any regulations of foreign commerce, or of commerce with another State, although such regulation is confined to its own territory, and made for its own convenience or interest, and does not come in conflict with any law of Congress. In other words, whether the grant of power to Congress is of itself a prohibition to the States, and renders all State laws upon the subject null and void. This is the question upon which the case turns ; and I do not see how it can be decided upon any other ground, provided lve adopt the line of division between foreign and domestic commerce as marked out by the court in Brown v. The State of Mvaryland.
I proceed, therefore, to state my opinion upon it. It is well know;n that upon ihis subject a difference of opinion
has existed, and still exists, among the members of this court.
But with every respect for the opinion of my brethren with whom I

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

579

License Cases.-Mr. -Chief Justice Taney's Opinion.

do not agree, it appears to me to be very clear, that the mere grant of power to the general government cannot, upon any just principles
of construction, be construed to be an absolute prohibition to the
exercise of any power over the same subject by the States. The
controlling and supreme power over commerce with foreign nations
and the several States is undoubtedly conferred upon Congress.
Yet, in my judgment, the Stale may nevertheless, for the safety or
convenience of trade, or for the protection of the health of its cit-
izens, make regulations. of commerce for its own ports and bar-
hours, and for its own territory; and such regulations are valid unless they come in conflict with a law of Congress. Such evidently
I. think was the constiruction which the constitution universally received at the time of its adoption, as appears from the legislation of Congress and of the several States ; and a careful examination of the decisions of this court will show, that, so far from sanction-
ing the opposite doctrine, they recognize and maintain the power
of the States. The language in which the grant of power to the general govern-
ment is made certainly furnishes no warrant for a different constrbction, and there is no prohibition to the States. Neither can it be inferred by comparing the provision upon this subject with those that relate to other powers granted -by the constitution to the
general government. On the contrary, in many instances, after the grant is made, the constitution proceeds to prohibit the exercise of the same power by the States in express terms ; in sofne cases absolutely, in others without the consent of Congress.' And if it was intended to forbid the States from making any regulations of
commerce, it is difficult to account for the omission to prohibit it, when that prohibition has been so carefully and'distinctly inserted in relation to other powers, where the action of the State over the same subject was intended to be entirely excluded. , But if, as I think, the framers of the constitution (knowing that a multitude of
minor regulations must be necessary, which Congress amid its great concerns could never find time to consider and provide) intended merely to make the power of the federal government supreme upon
this subject over that of the States, then the omission of any prohibition is accounted for, and is consistent with the whole instrument. The supremacy of the laws of Congress, in cases of collision with State laws, is secured in the article which declares that the laws of Congriess , passed in pursuance of the powers granted, shall be the supereme law ; and it is only where both governments may legislate on the same subject that this article can operate. For if
the mere grant of power to the gereral government was in itself a prohibition to the States,'there, would seem to be no necessity for
providing for the supremacy of the laws of Congress, as all State laws upon the subject would be ipso facto void, a*d-there could
therefore be no such thing as confl-cting laws, nor any question

580

SUPREME bOURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Chief Justice Taney's Opinion.

about the supremacy of conflicting legislation. It is only where both may-legislate on the subject, that the question can arise.
I have said that the legislation of Congress and the States hag conformed to this construction from the foundation of the govern-
ment. This is sufficiently exemplified in the laws in relation to pilots and pilotage, and the health and quarantine laws,
In relation to the first, they are admitted on all' hands to belong to foreign commerce, and to be subject to the regulations of. Congress, under the grant of power of which we are speaking. Yet they have been continually regulated by-themaritime States, as fully and entirely since the adoption of the constitution as they were before ; and there is but one law of Congress making any specific regulation upon the subject, and that passed as late as 1837, and intended, as it is understood, to altr only a single provision, of the New York law, leaving the residue of its provisions entirely untouched. It is trfe, that the act of 1789 provides that pilots shall continue to be regulated by the laws of the respective States then in force, or which may thereafter be passed, until Congress
shall make provision on the subject. And undoubtedly Congress
bad the power, by. assenting to the State laws then -in force, to make them its own, and thus make the previous regulations of the States the regulations of the general government. But it is equally"
clear, that, as to all future lawn by the States, if the constitution deprived them of the power of in'akingany regulations on the subject, an act of Congress could not restore it. For it will hardly be c'ontended that an act of Congress can alter the constitution, and confer upon a State a power which the constitution declares it shall not possess. And if the grant of power to the U'ited States to make regulations of commerce is a prohibition to the States to make any regulation upon the subject, Congress could no more restore to the States the power of which it was thus deprived, than it could authorize them to coin money, or make paper-money a tender in the payment of debts, or to do any other act forbidden to them by the' constitution. Every pilot law in the comifiercial States has, it-is believed, been either modified or passed since the att of 1789 adopted.those then in force ; and the provisions since made are all void, if the restriction on the power of the States now contended
for should be maintained ; and. the regulations made, the duties imposed, the securities required, and penalties inflicted by these various State laws are mere nullities, and could not be enforced in a court of justice. It is hardly necessary to speak of the mischiefs which such a construction would produce to those who are engaged in shipping, navigation, and commerce. Up to this time their validity has n'ever been questioned. On the contrary, they have been repeatedly recognized and upheld by the decisions of this court ; and it will be difficult to show how this can be done, except upon
tie construction of the constitution which I am now maintaining.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

581

License Cases. -Mr. Chief Justice Tan&y's Opinion.

So, also, in regard to health and quarantine laws. They have been continually passed by the States ever since the adoption of the con-
stitution, and the power to pass them recognized by acts of Congress, and the revenue officers of the general government directed to assist-in their execution. Yet all of these health and quarantine laws are necessa-ily, in some degree, regulations of foreign corn-
merce in the porLs and harlours of the State. They subject the ship, and cargo, and crqw to the inspection of a health-6fficer ap-
pointed by the State ; they prevent the crew-and cargo from landing until the inspection is made, and destroy ihe cargo if deemed dangerous to health. And during all this time the vessel is detained at the place selected for the quarantine ground by the State author-
ity. The expenses of these precautionary measures are also usually, and I believe uniiersally, charged upon the master, the owner, or the ship, and the amount regulated by the State law, and not by
Congress.. Now, so far as these laws interfere with shipping, navigation, or foreign commerce, or impose burdens upon either of them, they are unquestionably regulations of commerce. Ydt, as I have already said, the power has been continually exercised by the States, has been continually recognized by Congress ever since the adoption of the constitution, and constantly affirmed and supported
by this court whenever the subject came before it.
The decisions of this court will also, in my opinion, when carefully examined, be found to sanction the construction I am maintaining. It is not my purpose to refer to all of the cases in which
this question has been spoken of, but only to the principal and lead-
ing ones; and, First, to Gibbons v. Ogden, because this is the case usually re-
ferred to and relied on to prove the exclusive power of Congress and the prohibition to the States. It is true that one or two passages in that opinion, taken by themselves, and detached from the context, would seem to countenance this doctrine. And, indeed, it hag always appeared to me that this controversy has mainly arisen
out of that case, and that this doctrine of the exclusive power of
Congress, in the sense in which it is now contended for, is compar-
atively a modern one, and was never seriously put forward in any case' until .after the decision of Gibbons v. Ogden, although it has been abundantly discussed since. Still, it seems to me to be clear,
upon a careful examination of that case, that the expressions referred to do not warrant the inference drawn from them, and were
not used i- the sense imputed to them ; and that the opinion in'that case, v9hen taken altogether and with reference to the subject-mattex before the court, establishes the doctrine that- a State may, in the
execution of its powers of internal police, make egulations of foreign commerce ; and that ,such regulations are valid, unless they
come into collision with a law of Congress. 'Upon examining that opinion, it will be seen that the court, when it uses the expressions
49*

5812

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-1r. Chief Justice Taney's Opinion.

whiich are supposed to countenance the doctrine of exclusive
power in Congress, is commenting upon the argument of counsel in favor of equal powers on this subject in-the States and the gen-
eral government, where neither party'is bound to yield to the other ; and is drawing the distinction between cases of concurrent powers and those in which the supreme or paramount power was granted to 'Congress. It therefore very justly speaks of the States as exercising their own powers in laying taxes for State purposes, although the same thing is taxed by Congress ; and as exercising the
powers granted to Congress when they make regulations of commerce. In the first case, the State power is concurrent with that of the general government, - is equal to it, and is not bound to yield. In the second, it is subordinate and subject to the superior
and controlling power conferred upon Congress. And it is solely with reference to this distinction, and in the midst of this argument upon it, that the court uses the expressions which are supposed to maintain an absolute prohibition to the States. But it certainly
did not mean to press the doctrine to that extent. For it does not decide the case on that ground (although it would have been abundantly sufficient, if the court had entertained the opinion imputed to it), but, after dispdsing of the argument which had been offered in favor of concurrent powers, it proceeds immediately, in a very
full and elaborate argument, 'to show that there was a conflict between the law of New York and the act of Congress, and explicitly puts its decision upon that ground. Now the whole of this part of the opinion would have been unnecessary and out of place, if the State law was of itself a violation of the constitution of the United
States, and therefore utterly null and void, whether it did or did not come in conflict with the law of Congress.
Moreover, the court distinctly admits, on pages 205, 206, that a
State may, in the execution of its police and health laws, make regulations of commerce, but which Congress may control. It is very clear, that, so far as these regulitions are merely internal, and do not operate on foreign commerce, or commerce among the States, they are altogether independent of the power of the general government and.cannot be controlled by it. The power of control, therefore, which the court speaks of, presupposes that they are regulations of
foreign commerce, or commerce among the States. And if a
State, with a view to its police or health, may make valid regulations tf commerce which'.yet fall within the controlling power of the general government, it follows that the State is not absolutely prohibited from making regulations of foreign commerce within its own territorial limits,'provided they do not come in conflict with the
laws of Congress. It has beeh said, indeed, that quarantine and health laws are
passed by the States, not by.yirtue of a power to regulate commerce, but by virtue of their police powers, and in order to guard

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

583

License Cases.-Mr. Chief Justice Taney's Opinion.

the lives and health of their citizens. This, however, cannot be said of the pilot laws, which are yet admitted to be equally ialid. But what are the police powers of a State ? They are nothing more or less than the powers of government inherent in every sovereignty to the extent of its ddtninions. And whether a.State passes a quarantine law, or a law to punish offences, or to establish courts ofjustice,
or requiring certain instruments to be recorded, or to regulate commerce within its own limits, in every case it exercises the same power ; that is to say, the power of sovereignty, the power to govern
men and things within the limits of its dominion. It is by virtue of this power that it legislates ; and its authority to make regulations of commerce is as absolute as its power to pass health laws, except in so far as it has been restricted by the constitution of the United
States. And when the validity of a State law making regulations of commerce is drawn into question in a judicial tribunal, the au-
thority to pass it cannot be made to depend upon the motives that may be supposed to have influenced the legislature, nor can the
court inquire whether it was intended to guard the citizens of the State from pestilence and disease, or to make regulations of commerce for the interests and convenience of trade.
Upon this question the object and motive of the State are of no importance, and cannot influence the decision. It is a question of power. Are the States absolutely prohibited by the eonstitution from making any regulations of foreign commerce ? If they are, then such regulations are null and void, whatever may have been the motive of the State "nrwhatever the real object of the law; and it requires no law of Congress to control or annul them. Yet the case of Gibbons v. Ogden unquestionably affirms that such regulations may be made by a State, subject to the controlling power of
Congress. And if this may be doie, it necessarily follows that the grant of powervto the federal government is not an absolute ind entire
prohibition to the States, but merely confers upon Congress the superior and controlling power. And to expound the particular passages herein before rihentioned in the manner insisted upon -by those who contend for the prohibition would be to make different parts of that opinion inconsistent with each other, - an error which I am quite sure-no one will -ever impute to the very eminent jurist
by whom the opinion was- delivered. And that the meaning of the court in the case of Gibbons v. Og-
den was such as I have insisted on is, I think, conclusively proved by the case of Wilson et al. v. The Blackbird Creek Marsh
Company, 2 Peters, 251, 252. In that case a dam authorized by a State law had been erected across a navigable creek, so as to ob-
struct the commerce abovd ii. And the validity of the State law was objected to, on the ground that it was repugpant-to the constitution of the United States, being a regulation of commerce. But the court says, - "' The repugnancy of thd law of Delaware to the

584

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Chief Justice Taney's Opinion.

constitution is placed entirely on its repugnancy to the power to regu-

late commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States;

a power which has not been so exercised as to affect the question",

and then proceeds to decide that the law of Delaware could not

" be considered as repugnant to the power to regulate commerce

in its dormant State, or as being in conflict with any law passed on

the subject."

'-?

The passages I have quoted show that the validity of the State

law was maintained because it was not in conflict with a law of

Congress, although it was confessedly withipa the limits of the power

granted. And it is worthy of remark, that the counsel for the

plaintiff in error in that case relied upon Gibbons v. Ogden as con-

clusive authority to show the unconstitutionality of the State law,

no doubt placing upon the passages I. have mentioned the construc-

tion given to them by those who'insist upon the exclusiveness of

the power. This case, therefore, vas brought fully to the attention

of the court. And the decision in the last case, and the grounds

on which it was placed, in my judgment show most clearly what

was intended in Gibbons v. Ogden ;' and that in that case, as well

as in the case of Willson v. The Blackbird Creek Marsh Com-

pany5 the court herd that'a State law was not invalid merely be-

cause it made regulations of commerce, but that- its invalidity de-

pended upon its repugnancy to a law of Congress passed in pur-

suance of the power granted. And it is worthy, also, of remark,

that the opinion in both of these cases was delivered by Chief Jus-

tice Marshall ; and I consider his opinion in the latter one as an ex-

position of what he meant to decide in the former.

In the case of the City of New York v. Miln, 11 Peters, 130, the

question as to the power of the States upon this subject Was very

fully discussed at the bar. But 'no opinion was expressed upon it

,by the court, because the case did not necessarily involve it, and

there was great diversity of opinion on the bench. Consequently

the point was left open, and has never been decided in'any subse-

quent ease in this court.

For my own part, I have always regarded the cases of Gibbons

v. Ogden, and Wilson v. The Blackbird Creek Marsh Company,

as abundantly sufficient to sanction the construction of the constitu-

tion which in my judgment is the true one. Their correctness has

never been questioned ; and I forbear, therefore, to remark on the

other cases in which this subject has been .mentioned and discussed.

It may be well, however, to remark, that in analogous cases'

where, by the constitution of the Unitcd States, power over a par-

ticular subject is conferred on'Co'ngress without any prohibition to

the States, the same rule of construction has prevailed. Thus, in

the case of Houston v. Moore, 5 Wheat. 1, it was held, that the

grant of power to the federal government to provide for organizing,

arming, and disciplining the militia did not preclude the States from

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

585

License Cases.-Mr. Chief Justice Taney's Opinion.

legislating on the same subject, lrovided the law of the State was not repugnant to the law of Congress. And every State in the Union has continually legislated on the subject, and I am not aware that the validity of these laws has ever been disputed, unless they came in .conflict with the law of Congress.
The same doctrine was held in the case of Sturges v. Crowninshield, 4 Wheat. 196, under the clause in the constitution which gives to Congress the power to establish uniform laws on the subject of bankruptoies throughout the United' States.
And in the case of Chirac v. Chirac, 2 Wheat. 269, which arose under the grant of power to establish a uniform rule of naturalization, where the court speak of the power of Congress as exclusive, they are evidently merely sanctioning the argument of counsel stated in the preceding sentence, which placed the invalidity of the natu-
ralization under the law of Maryland, not solely upon the grant of power in the constitution, but insisted that the Maryland law was C virtually repealed by the constitution of the United States, and the act of naturalization enacted by Congress." Undoubtedly it was so repealed, and the opposing counsel in the case did not dispute it. For the law of the United States covered every part of the Union, and there could not, therefore, by possibility be a State law which did not come in conflict with it. And, indeed, in this
case it might well have been doubted whether the grant in the constitution itself did not abrogate the power of the States, inasmuch as the constitution also provided, that the citizens of each State should be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of citizens in the several States ; and it would seem to be hardly consistent with this provision to allow any pne State, after the adoption
of the constitution, to exercise a power, which, if it operated at all, must operate beyond the territory of the State, and compel other States to acknowledge as citizens those whom it might not be wiling
to receive. In referring to the opinions of those who sat here before us, it is
but justice to them, in expounding their language, to keep in mind the character of the case they were deciding. And this is more especially necessary in cases depending upon the construction of the constitution of the United States ; where, from the great public in-
terests which must always be involved in stich questions, this court have usually deemed it' advisable to state very much at large the -principles and reasoning upon which their judgment was founded, and to refer to and comment on the leading points made by the counsel on either side in the argument. And I am not aware of any instance in which the court have spoken of the grant ofpower to the general government as excluding all State power over the subject, unless they were deciding a case where the power had been
exercised by Congress, and a State law came in c6nfliet with it. In cases of this kind, the power of Congress undoubtedly excludes

586

SUPREME COURT

License Cases.-Mr. Justice McLean's Opinion.

and displaces that of the State ; because, wherever there is collision betweeii them, the law of Congress is supreme. And it is in this sense only, in my judgment, that it has been spoken of as exclusive in the opinions of the court to which I 'have referred. The case last mentioned is a striking example ; for there the language of the court, afirming in the broadest terms the exclusiveness of the' power, evidently refers to the argumeni of counsel stated in the preceding sentence.
Upon the whole, therefore, the law of New Hampshire is, in my judgment, a valid one. Fo?, although the gin'sold ias an import from another State, and Congress hve clearly the power to regulate such importations, under the grant of power to regulate commerce amrnig the several States, yet, as Congress has made no regulation on the subject, the traffic in the article may be lawfully regulated by the State as soon as it is landed in its territory,'and a tax imposed upon it, or a license required, or the sale altogether prohibited, according to the policy which the State may suppose to be its-interest or duty to pursue.
The judgment of the State courts ought, therefore, in my opinion, to be affirmed in each of the three cases before us.

Mr. Justice McLEAN.
TnURLOW v. Tat .COMMONWEALTH OF* MASSACHUSETTS.Errorfrom the State Court.
The plaintiff was indicted 'aad convicted under the Revised Statutes of Massachusetts, chapter 47, and the act of 1837, chapter 242, for selling foreign spirits, in 1841 and 1842, without a license.
The third section of the revised act provides .that no person shall presume to be a retailer or seller of wine, brandy, ruin, or other spirituous liquors, in a less quantity than twenty-eight gallons, and that delivered and carried away all at one time, unless he is first licensed as a retailer of wine and spirits, "under the penalty of twehty dollars." The seventeenth section authorizes the county commissioners to'grant licenses ; and the second section of the act .of1837 provides, that nothing contained in that act,'or in the fortyseventh chapter of the Revised Statutes, shall be so construed as to require the county commissioners to grant any licenses, wheq in their opinion the public good does not require them to be granted."
On the trial in the Court of Common Pleas it was objected that a part of the spirits sold were foreign ; but the court instructed the jury that such sale was inviolation of the statute, which was not inconsistent with the constitution or revenue laws of tim United States. On this 'ruling of. the court an: exception was -taken, and the cause was removed to the Supreme Court of the State of Massachusetts, which overruled the exception, and entered a judgment on the verdict against the defendant.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

587

License Cases.-Mr. Justice McLean's Opinion.

The acts of Congress authorize the importation of spirits in casks of fifteen gallons, and wine in bottles.
The great question in this case is, whether the license laws of Massachusetts are repugnant to the constitution of the United
States, or the revenue laws which have been enacted under it. And, first, it is insisted that they are unconstitutional, as they pro-
hibit the importer from selling an article that he is authorized to import, without the payment of an additional duty, or impost, which
the State cannot-impose.
The case of Brown v.The State of Maryland, 12 Wheat. 419, is supposed to be conclusive upon this point. This may be'admitted, and yet it does not rule the case before us.
Brown was charged with having imported and sold a package of dry goods without a license. An act of Maryland required all importers, before the sale of their imported articles, to take out a license. Aid the court held, "that a tax on the sale of an article, imported only for sale, is a tax on the article itself " ; -" that
the importatioirgave a right to the importer to sell the package in question free from any charge by the State, and consequently that the act of Maryland was unconstitutional and void, as being repugnant to that article of the constitution which declares, that noState shall lay an impost or duties on imports or exports."
The act was also held to be repugnant to that clause in the constitution which " empoweis Congress to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the
Indian tribes."
In Brown's case the reasoning of the court and their decision turned upon the fact, that he, being the importer of the pa%3kage, had a right to sell it ; that this right continued so long as the package was unbroken, and remained the property of the importer..
The plaintiff, Thurlow, asserts no right as an importer of the article sold. He purchased it in the home market ; consequently neither the general reasoning nor the ruling of the court in Brown's case can control this one.
The tenth amendment of the constitution declares, that "the powers not delegated to the United States by the constitution, nor
prohibited .by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people."
Before the adoption of the constitution, the States possessed, respectively, all the attributes of sovereignty. In their organic laws they had distributed their powers of government according to their own views, subject to such modifications as the people of each State might sanction. The agencies established by the articles of
confederation were 'not entitled to the dignified appellation of government
Among the delegated functions it is declared, that "Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and

588

SUIREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Justice McLean s Opinion.

among the several States, and with flip Indian tribes." This investiture of power is declared by this court, in the case of Gibbons v. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 1, and also in Brown v. The State of Mary-
land, "1to be complete in itself, and to acknowledge no limitations other than are prescribed by the constitution."
There may be a limitation on the exercise of sovereign powers, but that State is not sovereign which is subject to the will of another. This remark applies equally to the federal and State governments. The federal government is supreme within the scope of its delegated powers, and the State governments are equally supreme in the exercise of those powers not delegated by them nor inhibited to them. From this it is clear, that while these supreme functions are exercised by the federal and State governments, within their respective limitations, they can never come in conflict. And when a conflict occurs, the inquiry must necessarily -be, which is
the paramount law ? And that must depend upon the supremacy of the powe by which it was enacted. The federal government is
supreme in the exercise of powers delegated to it, but beyond this its acts are unconstitutional and void: So the acts of the States are void when they do that which is inhibited to them, or exercise a
power which they have exclusively delegated to the federal government.
The power to tax is common to the federal and State governments, and it may be exercised by each in taxing the, same property; but this produces no conflict of jurisdiction. The conflicts" which have arisen are mainly attributable to the want of an accurate definition and a clear comprehension of the respective' powers of the two governrments. In a system of government so complex as ours, it may be difficult, perhaps impracticable, to prescribe the
exact limit, in particular cases, to federal and State'powers.
The powers expressly prohibited to the States are few in number, and.are specified in the constitution. .Those which are exclusively del~gated to the federal government, and consequently, by implication, are prohibited to the States, are more numerous.
The States, resting upon their original basis of sovereignty, 'subject only to the exceptions stated, exercise their powers over every thing connected with their social and internal condition. A State regulates its domestic commerce, contracts, the transmission of estates, real and personal, and acts upon all internal matters -which relate to its moral and political welfare. Over these subjects the federal governmept has no power. They appertain to the
State sovereignty as- exclusively as powers exclusively delegated appertain to the general government.
The license acts of Massachusetts do not purport to be a regulation of commerce. They are essentially police laws. -Enactments similar in principle are common to all the States. Since the adoption of its constitution they have existed in Massachusetts. A great

JANUkRY TERMT, 1847.

589

License Cases.-Mr. Justice McLean's Opinion.

moral reform, which enlisted the judgments and excited the sympathies of the public, has given notoriety to this course of legislation, and extended it, lately, beyond its former hmit. And the question is now raised, whether the laws under consideration trench upon the power of Congress to regulate foreign commerce.

These laws do not in terms prohibit the -sale of foreign spirits, but they require a license to sell any quantity less than twenty-eight gallons. Under the decision of Brown v. Maryland, it is admitted that the license acts cannot operate upon the right of the importer to sell. But, after the import shall have passed out of the hands of the importer, whether it remain in the original package or cask, or be broken up, it becomes mingled with other property in the State, and is subject to its laws. This is the predicament of the

spirits in question.

A license to sell an article, foreign or domestic, as a merchant,

or innkeeper or victualler, is a matter of police and of revenue, within the power of a State. It is strictly an internal regulation, and cannot come in conflict, saving the rights of the importer to

sell, of any power possessed by Congress. It is said to reduce the

amount of importation, by lessening the profits of the thing imported. The license is a charge upoil the business, or profession, and not a

duty upon the things sold. . The same price is charged to every retailer of merchandise, or spirits, at the same place, without regard

to the amount sold. This charge is in advance of any sales. It would be difficult to show that guch a regulation reduced the amount

of imported goods. But, if this were the effect of the license,

would that make the acts unconstitutional ? The acknowledged police power of a State extends often- to the

destruction of property. A nuisance may be abated. Every thing prejudicial to the health or morals of a city may be removed.

ferchandise from a port where a contagious disease prevails, being liable to communicate the disease,, may be excluded ; and, in extreme cases, it may be thrown into the sea. This comes in direct conflict with the regulation of commerce ; and yet no due doubts the local power. It is a power essential to self-preservation, and exists, necessarily, in every organized community. It is, indeed,

the law of nature, and is possessed by man in his individual capacity.

He may resist that which does him harm, whether he be assailed by an assassin, or approached by poison. And it is the settled con-

struction of every regulation of commerce, that, under the sanction of its general laws, no person can introduce into a community malignant diseases, -r any thing which contaminates its morals, or endangers its safety. And this is an acknowledged-principle applicable to all general regulations. Individuals in the enjoyment of their dwn rights must be careful not to ijure the rights of others.
From the explosive nature of gunpowder, a city may exclude it.

Now this is arn article of commerce, and is not known to carry in-

voL. v.

50

590

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Justice McLean's Opinion.

fectious disease ; yet, to guard against a contingent injury, a city may prohibit its introduction. These exceptions are always implied in commercial regulations, where the general government is admitted to have the exclusive power. They are not regulations of commerce, but acts of self-preservation. And" although they affect commerce to some extent, yet such effect is the result of the exercise of an undoubted power in the State.
The objection is strongly and confidently urged, that a licemer may be refused under these laws, which would, in effect, prevent importation, as importation is'onry made to sell.
Jt is admitted that a State law which shall prohibit importations
of foreign spirits, being repugnant to the commercial power in the federal government, and contrary to the act of Congress on that subject, would be void. The object of such a law would,. upon its face, be a regulation of commerce, which is not within the powers of a State. But a State has a right to regulate the sale of this, as of every other imported article, out of the hands of the importer
The license system, as adopted in all the States, restrains per-
sons from selling by retail, who have not taken a license ; and a license to retail spirits is granted by the court, or some other body,.
at its discretion, and on certain conditions. This is the character of the law under consideration. The applicant to obtain a license must be recommended by a majority of the selectmen of the town, as a person of good moral character. Should this recommendation
be refused improperly or unjustly, an appeal is given to the com-. missioners of the county. But the commissioners are not required to grant any licenses, " when, in their opinion, the public good does not require them to be granted."
There is no evidence in the record of a refusal to grant a license in this case. The plaintiff is charged with selling without.a license ; but it nowhere appears that he ever applied for one. This would seem to be conclusive. For if a State have a right to regulate the
retail of foreign spirits, no one can retail them where a lic-:nse is required without it,Now, that.a State may do this no one doubts. And it is equally clear, if the plaintiff rests upon a .prohibition to
sell, it must be shown, This does not appear on the face of the law, and if, in the exercise of their discretion, the commissioners have refused all licenses, that is a matter of fact which must be established. On this ground alone, admitting the force of the arenments for the plaintiff, his case must fail.
But, not to rest.the decision of so important a question on a defect of proof, we will consider the case as if the fact of refusal to grant the license were in the record.
The necessity of a license presupposes a prohibition of the right to sell as to those who have no license. For if a State may require a license to sell, it may, in the exercise of a proper discretion, limit the number of such licenses as the public good may seem to require.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

591

License C.ses..--Mr. Justice. McLean's Opinion. -

This is believed to have been done under every system of licenres
to retail spirits which has been adopted in the different Ststes.
And this limitation may, possibly, lessen the'sale of -the article. This may be the result of any regulation on the subject. But it
constitutes no objection to the law. An innkeeper is forbidden to allow drunkenness in his house, and if this prohibition-be observed, a less quantity of rum is sold. Is this unconstitutional, because it may reduce the importatioi of the article ? Such an argument would be so absurd as to be at once rejected by every sound mind. No one could fail to see that the injunction was laid for the mainte-
nance of good order and good morals. To reject this view would make the excess of the drunkard a constitutional duty, to encourage
the importation of ardent spirits. -
Such an argument would be advanced by no one, and no one would question either the constitutionality or expediency of the law. which -prohibits an innkeeper from encouraging drunkenness.
And yet in this simple propbsition is the argument answered against the constitutionality of the laws in question.
A discretion on this subject must be exercised somewhere, and it can be exercised nowhere but under the State authority. The
State may regulate the sale of-foreign spirits, and such regulationig valid, though it -reduce the quantity of spirits-consumed. - This *is admitted. And how can this discretion be 'controlled. The
powers of the general government do not extend to it. It is: in every aspect a local regulation, and relates 'exclusiveli to the internal police of the State.,
It is said that the object of these laws is to prohibit the importation of foreign spirits. This is an inference whtiich their language does not authorize. A license is only required to sell. in lessquan-
tity than twenty-eight gallons. A greater quantity than this may be sold without restriction. But it is said, if the legislature may require-a license for twenty-eight gallons, it may extend the limitation to three hundred gallons.
In answer to this it is enough to say, that the legislature has not done what is supposed by the plaintiff's counsel it might do. But if the legislature cannot extend the license to twenty-eight gallons, what shall be the constitutional limit ? By what rule shall it be as-
certained ? Shall a gallon, a quart, or a pint be the limit ? This is altogether arbitrary, and must depend upon the discretion of the lawmaking power, -the same discretion that imposes a tax, defines offences and prescribes their punishment, and which controls the internal policy of the State. Will it be contended that the legislature cannot exercise the power, as it may be exercised beyond the proper limit ? This lqgic is not good when applied to the practical operations of the government. The argument is, power may be abused, therefore it cannot be exercised. What power dependent on human agency meyrnot e aBned?

592

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Justice McLean's Opinion.

In all matters of government, and especially of police, a wide discretion is necessary. It is not susceptible of an exact limitation,
but must be exercised under the changing exigencies of society. in
the progress of population, of wealth, and of civilization, new and vicious indulgences spring up, which require restraints that can only be imposed by the legislative power. When this power shall be exerted, how far it shall be carried, and where it shall cease, must mainly depend upon the evil to be remedied. Under the pretence
of a police regulation, a State cannot counteract the commercial
power of Congress. And yet, as has been" shown, to guard the health, morals, and safety of the community, the laws of a State
may prohibit an importer from landing his goods, and may sometimes authorize their dpstruction. But this exception to the operation of the general commercial law is limited to the "existing exigency. Still, it is clear that a law of a State is not rendered am-
constitutional by an incidental reduction of importation. And especially is this not the case, when the State regulation has a salutary tendency on society, and id founded on the highest moral
considerations. The police power of a State and the foreign commercial power
of Congress must stand together. .Neither of them can be so exercised us materially to affect the other. The sources and'objects of these powers are exclusive, distinct, and independent, and
are essential to both governments. The one operates upon our foreign intercourse, the other upon the internal concerns of a State.
The former ceases when the foreign product becomes commingled with the other property in the State. At this point the local law attaches, and regulates it as it 'does other property. The State cannot, with a view to encourage its local manufactures, prohibit the use of foreign articles, or impose such a regulation as shall in effect be
a prohibition. But it may tax such property as it taxes other and' similar articles in the State, either specifically or in the form of a license to sell. A license may be required to sell foreign articles, when those of a domestic manufacture are sold without one. And if the foreign article be injurious to the health or morals of the com-
mufiity, a State may, in the exercise of that great and' conservative police power which les at the foundation of its prosperity, prohibit the sale of it. No one doubts this in relation to infeted goods or licentious publications. ,Such a regulation must be made in good
faith, and have for its sole object the preservation of the health or morals of society. If a foreign spirit should be imported contain-
ing deleterious-ingredients, fatal to the health of those who use it,
its sale may be prohibited. When in the appropriate exercise of these federal and State
powers, contingently and incidentally their lines of action run into each -other ; if the State power be necessary to.the preservation of
the m6rals, the health, or safety of the comrmunity, it must be main-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

593

License Cases.-Mr. Justice McLean's Opinion.

taned. But this exigency is not to be founded on any notions of commercial policy, or sustained by a course of reasoning about that which may be supposed to affect, in some degree, the public welfare. The import must be of such a character as to produce, by its admission or use; a great physical or moral evil. Any diminution of the revenue arising from this exercise of local power would be more than repaid by the beneficial results. By preserving, as far as possible, the health, the safety, and the moral energies
of society, its prosperity is advanced. In McCullough v. The State of Maryland, 4 Wheat. 428, this court
say, - " It is admitted that the power of taxing the people and their property is essential to the very existence of government, and may
be legitimately exercised on the objects to which it is applicable,,to the utmost extent to which the government may choose to carry it. The only security against the abuse of this power is found in the structure of the government itself. In imposing a tax, the legislature acts upon its constituents. This is in general a sufficient se-
curity against erroneous and oppressive taxation." " The people of a State, therefore, give to their government a
right of taxing themselves and their property, and as the exigencies of government cannot be limited, they prescribe no limits to the
exercise of this right, resting confidently on the interest of the legislator, and on the influence of the constituents over their repre-
sentatives, to guard them against abuse." Believing.the laws of Massachusetts to regulate licenses for the
sale of spirituous liquors to be constitutional, I affirm the judgment
in this case.

ANDREW PEIRCE, JR., AND THOMAS W. PEIRCE, v. THiE
STATE oF NEW 14AMPSHIRE.
This is a writ of error to the Supreme Court of New Hampshire, on a judgment given by that court sutstaining the validity of the act of that State, "regulating the sale of wines and spirituous liquors," "approved 4th July, 1838 ; which is alleged to be in violation of" the constituti n of the United States, and the revenue acts of Congress made n, pursuance thereof.
The first section provides, " that if any person shall, without license from the selectmen of the town, &c., sell any wine, ruin, gin, brandy, or other spirits, in any quantity, &c., such person, so offending, for each and every such offence, &c., shall pay a sum not exceeding fifty dollars," &c. The indictment charged the defendants in the State court with having sold one barrel of gin without a license.
On the trial, irwas proved that the barrel of gin was purchased by the defendants in Boston, brought coastwise to the landing at Piscataqua Bridge, and thence to the defendants' store in Dover, and afterwards sold in the same barrel.
The views expressed by me in the case of Thurlow v. The
50*

594

SUPREME COURT

Licbnrse Cases.-Mr.. Justice McLean's .Opi'nion.

State of Massachusetts, at the present term, as regards the power of a State to require a license for the sale of spirituous liquors, apply equally to the present case. A State may require a license to sell ardent spirits of domestic manufacture, as well as foreign. And the
only difference between this case and the one above cited is, that the defendants imported this barrel of gin from the State of Massachusetts to that of New Hampshire, where, they sold it ; and they claim the right of importers to sell without a license.
In the case of Brown v. The State of Maryland, 12 Wheat. 449, after sustaining the right of the importer to sell a package of foreign goods without a license, which an act of Maryland required, the court say, - " Itmay be proper to.add, that we suppose the principles laid down in this case -to apply equally to importations from
a sister State."
This remark of the court was incidental to the question before it, and the point was not necessarily involved in the decision. Whilst the remark cannot fail to be considered with the greatest respect,
coming as it did-from a-most learned and eminent chief justice, yet it cannot be received as authority. It must have been made with
less consideration than the other points ruled in that important case. The power to regulate commerce among the several States is
given to Congress in the same words as the power over foreign
commerce. But in the same article it is declared, that "no preference shall be given by any regulation of commerce or revenue to the ports of one State over those of another ; nor shall vessels bound to or from one State be obliged to enter, clear, or pay du-
ties in another." And it is supposed that the declaration, "that no
State, without the consent of Congress, shall ly any impost or duties on imports or exports, except what may be absolutely.necessary for executing its inspection laws," refers to foreign commerce.
A revenue to the general government could never have been contemplated from any regulation of commerce among the several
States. Countervailing duties, under the Confederation, were imposed by the different States to such an extent as to endanger the confederacy. But this cannot be' done under the constitution by
Congress, in whom the power to regulate commerce among the States is vested.
The word import, in a commercial sense, means the goods or
other articles brought into this country from abroad, - from another country. Inthis sense an importer is a person engaged in foreign commerce. And it appears that in the acts of Congress which regulate foreign commerce he is spoken of in that light. In Brown v.The State of Maryland, 12 Wheat. 443, the court say, the act
of Maryland " denies to the importer the right of using the privilege which he has purchased from the United States, until he has purchased it from the Stpte." And it was upon the ground that
,the tax was an additional charge or impost, upon the thing imported,

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

595

License Cases.-Mr. Justice McLean's Opinion.

which a State could not impose, that the above act was held to be
unconstitutional. ' But neither the facts nor the reasons of that case apply to a person who transports an article from one State to another. In some cases. the transportation is only made a few feet or rods, and generally it is attended with little risk ; and no duty is paid to the feaeral or State government. And why should property, when conveyed over a State line, be exempt from taxation which is common to all other property in the State ?
There is no act of Congress to which the license law, as applied to this case, can be held repugnant. And the general "power in Congress to regulate commerce among the several States," under the restrictions in the constitution, cannot affect the validity of.the law. The constitution prohibits impost duties on a commercial-interchange of commodities among the States. The tax in the form of a license, as here presented, counteracts no policy of the federal government, is repugnant to no. power it can exercise, and is imposed by the exercise of an undoubted power in the State. The license system is a police regulation, and, as modified in the State of New Hampshire, was designed to restrain and prevent immoral indulgences, and to advance the moral and physical welfare of
society. The owner of the property, who purchased it in Massachusetts
and transported it to New Hampshire, is not an importer in the sense in which that term is used in the case of Brown 'o. The State
of Maryland. And there is nothing in the general reasoning of that case, or in the facts, which can bring into doubt the constitutionality of the New Hampshire law.
If the mere conveyance of property from one State to another shall exempt it froni taxation, and from general State regulation, it will not be difficult to avoid the police laws of any State, especially by those who live at or near the boundary. If this tax had been laid on the property as an import into the State, the law would have been repugnant to the constitution. It would have been a regulation of commerce among the States, which has been exclusively given
to Congress. One of the objects in adopting the constitution was, to regulate this commerce, and to prevent the States from imposing a tax on"the commerce of each other. If this power has not been delegated to Congress, it is still retained by the States, and may be exercised at their discretion, as before the adoption of the constitution. For if it be a reserved power, Congress can neither abridge
nor abolish it. But this barrel of gin, like all other property within the State of
New Hampshire, was liable to taxation by the State. It comes under the general regulation, and cannot be sold without a license.
The right of an importer of foreign spirits to sell in the cask, without a license, does not attach to the plaintiffs in error, on account

596

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-MIr- Justice McLean's Opinion.

of their having transported this property from Mlassachusetts to New Hampshire. I affirm the judgment of the State court.

JOEL FLETCHER V. THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND.
This is a writ of error to the Supreme Court of Rhode Island, 'under the 25th section of the Judiciary Act of. 1789. Fletcher
was indicted for selling strong liquor, to wit, rum, gin, and brandy, in less quantity then ten gallons, in violation of the law of Rhode Island. From the evidence, it appeared that the brandy which he sold was purchased by him at Boston, in the State of Mlassachusetts, that it was imported into the United States from France for sale, and that the duties had been iegularly paid at the port of Boston. The sale of the liquor was admitted by the defendant, as charged in the indictment.
In the defence it was insisted, that the license act was void, it being repugnant to that clause of the 8th section of the constitution of the United States which provides, " that the Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imports, and excises, to pay debts, and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States ; but all duties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States "; and is also repugnant to that clause of the 8th section which provides, "that Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes 1'; and also repugnant to that clause which declares, that "1no State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay any imposts or duties on imports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing its inspection laws, and the acts of Congress in pursuance of the aforesaid several clauses of said constitution," &C.
The Supreme Court of the State maintained the validity of the State statute, and tb reverse that judgment this writ of error is
prosecuted.
The opinions given by me in the cases of Thurlow v. The State of Massachusetts, and Peirce et al. v. The State of New Hampshire, decide, so far as I am concerned, this case. The first case related to the sale of spirits of foreign importation, not in the bands of the importer ; the second, to domestic spirits transported'from one State to another. And the indictment now under consideration relates to the sale of foreign spirits, purchased inMassachusetts and transported to Rhode Island. There is, however, one poipt.made in this case, which was not embraced by ihe fa' ts contained in either of the others. It was " agreed, that the town council of Cumberland, in Rhode Island, refused to grant any license for ietailing strong liquors for a year from April, 1845, having been instrucied to that effect by a town meeting." The effect of this proceeding was to prohibit the sale of spirituous liquorsin the town of Cumberland in less quantities -than ten gallons.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

597

License Cases.-MIr. Justice Catron's Opinion.

There is no constitutional objection to the exercise of this discretion under the authority of the State law. In the first place, no system of licenses to retail spirits has authorized the grant, except upon certain conditions. No one, it is presumed, can claim a license to retail spirits as a matter of right. Ufider the law of the
State, a discretion is to be exercised, not only as regards the individuals who apply, but also as to the number that shall be licensed in each town. And, if it shall be determined that a certain town is not entitled to a license, it is not perceived how such a decision can be controlled. In the case of Fletcher, it seems that the town
council, who have the power to make the grant, were influenced to refuse it by the popular vote of the town. A more satisfactory mode of instructing public officers, it would seem, could not be
adopted. This produces no restriction on the sale of spirits in any quan-
tity exceeding ten gallons. And there is nothing in' the record which shows that licenses are not granted in the adjacent towns within the State. But if this did appear, it would not avoid the force of the act. I think this regulation is clearly within the power of the State of Rhode Island, and, consequently, that the act is not repugnant to -the constitution of the United States, or to any act of Congress passed in pursuance of it. I therefore affirm the judgment of the Supreme Court.

M1r. Justice CATRON.
PEIRCE AND ANOTHER V. NEw HAMPSHIRE.
Andrew Peirce and two others were indicted for selling one barrel of gin, contrary to a statute of New Hampshir&, passed in 1838, which provides, that if any person shall, without license from the selectmen of the town where such person resides, sell any wine, rum, gin, brandy, or other spirits, in any quantity, or shall sell any. mixed liquors, part of which are spirituous, such person so offending, for each offence, on conviction upon an indictment, shall forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding fifty dollars, nor less than twenty-five
dollars, for the use of the county. The barrel of gin had been purchased by the defendants at Bos-
ton, in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and was brought coastwise by water near to Dover, in New Hampshire, where it was sold in the same barrel and condition that it had been purchased in Boston. Part of the regular business of the defendants was to sell ardent spirits in large quaritities.
The defendants' counsel contended, on the trial, that the statute of 1838 was unconstitutional and void, because the sane is in violation of certain public treaties of the United States with Holland, France, and other countries, containing stipulations for the admission, of spirits into the United States, and because it is repug-

598

SUPREME COURT.

Licensd Cases.- Mr.-Justice Catron's Opinkion.

nant to the two following clauses ini the constitution of the United
States, viz.: " No State shall, without the consent of the Congress, lay any
imposts or duties on imports or exports, except what may be ab~o-
lutely necessary for executing its inspection laws." "LThe Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with
foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian
tribes." In answer to these objections, the court instructed the jury, that
the statute of July 4, 1838, was not entirely void, if it might have an operation constitutionally in any case ; and that, as far as this
case was concerned, it could not be in violation of any treaty with any foreign pover which bad been referred to, permitting the introduiction of foreign spirits into the United States, because the liquor
in question here was proved to be American gin. The court further instructed the jury, that this statute, as it re-
garded this case, was not repugnant to the clause in the constitution of the United States providing that no State shall, without the con-
sent of Congress, lay any duty on imports or exports, because the gin in this case was not a foreign article, and was not imported into,
but had been manufactured in, the United States. The court further instructed the jury, thai this State could not
regulate commerce between this and other States ; that this State
could not prohibit the introduction of articles froui another State with such a view, nor prohibit a sale of them with such a purpose ; but that, although the State could not make such laws with such
views and for such purposes, she was not entirely forbidden to legislate in relation to articles introduced from foreign countries or from
other States ; that she might tax them the same as other property,
and might regulate the sale to some extent ; that a State might pass
health and police laws which would, to a certain extent, affect foreign commerce, and commerce between the States ; and that this statute was a regulation of that character, and constitutional.
The jury found the defendants guilty, and the Court of Common Pleas fined them thirty dollars; from which they prosecuted their writ of error to the Superior Court of Judicature of New Hampshire, where the judgment was affirmed. The present writ of error is prosecuted, under the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act of 1789, to reverse the judgment of the State court of New Hampshire, on the grounds above stated. And the question and the case presented for our consideration are, whether the State laws, and the judgment founded on them, are repugnant to the constitution of the United States. The court below having decided in favor of their validity, this is the only question that comes within our jurisdiction, although divers others were presented to and adjudged by the State
court. The importance of this case, as regards its bearing on the corn-

JAN.UARY TERM, 1847.

599

License Cases. -Mr. Justice Catron's Opinion.

merce among the States, and on the relations and rights of their citizens and inhabitants, is not to be disguised. To my mind it presents most delicate and difficult considerations.
The first objection, that the statute of New Hampshire violated certain treaties with Holland, France, &c., proViding for the admission of ardent spirits, has no application to the. case, as the spirits sold were not foreign, but American gin.
The second objection relies on the first article and tenth section of the constitution, which provides, that " no State shall lay any imposts or duties on imports or exports, nor any duty on tonnage," uniess with the assent of Congress, &c., These are negative restrictions, where the constitution operates by its own force ; but as no duty or tax was imposed on the gin introduced into New Hampshire from Massachusetts, either directly or indirectly, these prohi-
bitions on the State power do not apply
iThe third objection proceeds on the clause, that "1the Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes," to which it is insisted the State statute is opposed. The power given to
Congress is unrestricted, and broad as the subjects to which it relates ; it extends to all lawful commerce with foreign nations,
and in the same terms t- all lawful commerce among the States; and 11 among" means oetween two only, as well as among more than two ; if it was otherwise, then an intermediate State might interdict and obstruct the transportation of imports over it to a third State, and thereby impair the general power. The article in question was introddced from one State directly into another, and the first question is, Was it a subject of lawful commerce among the States, that Congress can regulate ? That ardent'spirits have been
for ages, and now are, subjects of sale and of lawful commerce, and that of a large class, throughout a great portion of the civilized world, is not open to controversy ; so our commercial treaties with
foreign powers declare them to be, and so the dealing in them among the States of this Union recognizes them to be. But this condition of the subject-matter was met by the' State decision on the ground, and. on this only, "that the State might pass health and
police laws which would, to a certain extent, affect foreign com-
merce and commerce between the States ; and that the statute [of
New Hampshire] was a regulation of that character, and constitutional."
This was the charge to the jury, and on it the verdict and judgment are founded, and which the State court of last resort affirmed. The law and the decision apply equally to foreign and to domestic spirits, as they must do on the principles assumed in support of the law. The assumption is, that the police power was not touched by the constitution, but left to the States as the constitutioir foundc it.
This- is admitted ; and whenever a thing., from character or condi

600

SUPRE1KE COURT.

License Cases. -A fir Justice Catron's Opinion.

tion, is of a description to be regulated by that power in the State,
then the regulation may be made by the State, -and Congress cannot interfere. -But this must always depend on facts, subject to legal
ascertainment, so that the injured may have redress. And the fact must find its support in this, whether the' prohibited article belongs to, and is subject to be regulated as'part of, foreign commerce, or of commerce among the States. If, from its nature, it does not belong to commercd, or if its condition, from putrescence or other cause, is such when it is about to enter the State that it no longer belongs to commerce, or, in other words, is not a commercial arti-
cle, then the State power may exclude its introduction. And as an incident to this power, a State may use means to ascertain the fact. And here is the limit between the sovereign power of the State and the federal power. That is say, that which does not belong to
commerce is within the jurisdiction of the police power of the State ; and that which does belong to commerce is within the jurisdiction of the United States. And to this limit must all the general views come, as I suppose, that were suggested in the reasoning of this
court in the cases of Gibbons v. Ogden, Brown v. The State of Maryland, and New York v. Miln.
What, then, is the assumption of the State court ? Undoubtedly, in effect, that the State had the power to declare what should be an article of lawful commerce in the particular State ; and, having declared that ardent spirits and wines were deleterious to morals and health, they ceased to be commercial commodities there, and that then the police power attached, and consequently, the powers of Congress could not interfere. The exclusive State power is
made. to rest, not on the fact of the state or condition of the article, nor that it is property usually passing by sale from band to hand, but on the declaration found in the State laws, and asserted as the
State. policy, that it shall be excluded from commerce. And by this means the sovereign jurisdiction in the State is attempted to be created, in a case where it did not previously exist.
If this be the true construction of the constitutional provision,
then the paramount power of Congress to regulate commerce is subject to a very material limitation ; for it takes from Congress,
and leaves with. the States, the power to determine the commodities, or articles of property, which are the subjects of lawful com-
merce. Congress may regulate, but the States determine what shall or shall not be regulated.
Upon this theory, the power to regulate commerce, instead of being paramount over the subject-f, would become subordinate to the State police power ; for it is obvious that the power to determine the articles which may be the subjects of commerce, and thus to
circumscribe its scope and operation, is, in effect, the controlling one. The police power would not only be a formidable rival, but,
in a struggle, must necessarily triumph over the commercial power,

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

601

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Catron's Opinion.

as the power to regulate is dependent upon the power to fix and

determine upon the subjects to be regulated.

The same process of legislation and reasoning adopted by the

State and its courts could bring within the police power any article of consumption that a State might wish to exclude, whether it belonged to that which was-drank, or to food and clothing ; and with nearly equal claims to propriety, as malt liquors and the produce of fruits other than grapes stand on no higher grounds than thi light wines of this and other countries, excluded, in effect, by tile law as it now stands. And it would be -only another step to regulate real or supposed extravagance in food and clothing. And in this connection it may be proper to say, that the 'three States whose laws are now befor us had in view an entire prohibition from use of spirits and wines of every description, and that their main scope and object is to enforce exclusive temperance as a policy of State,.

under the belief that such a policy will best subserve the interests of society ; and that to this end, more than to any other, has tle sovereign power of these States beeli exerted ; for it was admitted, on the argument, that no- licenses are issued, and that exclusion exists, so far as the laws can produce the result, -at least, in some of the States, -and that this was the policy of the law. For these reasons, I think the case cannot depend on the reserved power in the State to regulate its own police.
Had the gin imported been "an import" from a foreign country, then the license law prohibiting its sale by the importer would be void. The reasons for this conclusion are given in my opinion on the case of Thurlow v. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and need not be repeated, and are founded on the case of Brown v. The State of Maryland. The next inquiry is, did it stand on the foot of " an import," coming, as it did, from another State ? If it be true, as the State courts held it was, that Congress has the exclusive power to regulate commerce among the States (the States having none), and the gin introduced being an article of commerce, and the State license law being a regulation of commerce (as it was held by this court to be' in the case of Brown v. Tile State of Maryland), then the State law is void, because the State had no power to act in the matter by way of regulation to any extent.

This narrows the controversy to the single point, whether the. States have .pawer to regulate their own mode of coniierce among the States, during the time the power of Congress lies dormant, and has not been exercised in regard to such counerce.

Although some regulations have been made by Congress afrecting the coasting trade, requiring nmanifests of cargoes where I.hey- exceed a certain value, to prevent smuggling, aud for other-purposes, still, no regulation exists affecting, in any degree, s.uch an import as the one-under corsideration. It must find protection against tle

State law under theconstitution, or it can have none. This is also

VOL. V.

51

602

SUPREME COURT.

License Cates.-Mr. Justice Catron's Opinion.

true as respects similar articles of commerce passing from State to State by land. Congress has left the States to proceed in this regard as they were proceeding when the constitution was adopted.
Is, then, the power of Congress exclusive ? The advocates of this construction insist, that it has been settled by this court that the power to regulate commerce is exclusive, and can be exercised by.Congress alone. And the inquiry in advance of further discussion is, Hoae the construction been thus settled ? The principal case relied on is that*of Gibbons v.Ogden, 9 Wheat. 1, in support of the assumption. In that case a monopoly had ben granted to the inventers of machinery propelled by steam, whi',h, when applied to vessels, forced them through the water. Tile law of monopoly of New York extended to the tide-waters, and for navigating these with two steamboats belonging to Gibbons, a bill was filed against him, and he was enjoined by the State courts of New York; and in his answer he relied on licenses granted under the act of 18th February, 1793, for, enrolling and licensing ships and vessels to be employed in the coasting trade, and for regulating the same. This was the sole defence. The court first held that the power to regulate commerce included the power to regulate navi-
gation also, as an incident to, and part of, commerce.
After discussing many topics connected with, or supposed to be connected with, the subject, the power of taxation was consideted by the court, and the powers to tax in .the States and the United States compared with the power to regulate commerce, and in this connection the chief justice, delivering the opinion of the court, said, -"But, when a State proceed*s to regulate commerce- with-foreign nations, or among the several States, it is exercising the very power granted to Congress, and is doing the very thing which Congress is authorized to do. There is no analogy, then, between the power of taxation and -the power of regulating commerce. In discussing the question, whether this power is still in the States, in the case under consideration, we may dismiss from it the inquiry, whether it is surrendered by the mere grant C-Congress, or is retained until Congress shall exercise the power. We may dismiss that.inquiry, because it has been exercised, and the regulations Congress deemed proper to make are, now in full operation. The sole question is, Can a State regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the Stntes, while Congress is-regulating it ?"
And then the court proceeds to discuss the effect of the licenses set up in Gibbon's answer, and gives a dec'ree of reversal, on that sole question, in his favor. The decree says, -" This court is of opinion, that the several licenses to the steamboats the Stoudinger and the Bellona to carry on the coasting trade, which are set up by the appellant, Thomas Gibbons, in his answer, which were granted under an act of Congress passed in pursuance of the constitution of the United States, gave full authority to those vessels to navigate

JANUARY ?ERM, 1847

603

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Catron's Opinion.

the waters of the United States, by steam or otherwise, for the purpose of carrying on the coasting trade, any law of the State of New York to the contrary notwithstanding." And then the State law is declared void, as repugnant to the constitution and laws of the United States. 9 Wheat. 240.
This case, then, decides that navigation was within the commercial power of the United States, and that a coasting license granted
pursuant to an act of Congress, in the exercise of the power, was an authority under the supreme law to navigate the public waters of New York, notwithstanding the State law-granting *the monopoly.
This decision was made in 1824. Three years after (1827) the case of Brown v. Tha State of Maryland came before the court.
12 Wheat. 419.
Brown, an importing merchant, had been indicted for selling packages of dry goods in the form they were imported, without taking
out a license to sell by iwholesale. To this he demurred, and the demurrer was sustained, on the ground that " imports " could be sold by the importer regardless of the State law, on which the indictment was founded. Two propositions were stated by the court, and the decision of the cause proceeded on them both, and was favorable to Brown :-First, The provision of the constitution which declares, that "no State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay any im-
posts or duties'on imports or exports." And, second, That which declares Congress shall have power to regulate corimerce "withforeign nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.
The first proposition has no application to the contro;ersy before us, as here no tax or duty was imposed.
2. The court proceeds (p. 446) to inquire of the extent of the power, and says, -" It is complete in itself, and acknowledges no limitations, and is coextensive with the subject on whic: it operates." And for this Gibbons v. Ogden is referred to, as having asserted the same -postulates. The opinion then urges the. necessity that Congress should have power over- the whole subject, and the power to protect the imported article in the hands of the importer; and proceeds to say, -" ' We think it cannot be denied
what can be the meaning-of an act of Congress which authorized importation, and offers the privilege for sale at a: fixed price to every person who chooses to becorie a purchaser." "We think, then, that if thQ power -to 'authorize a sale exists in Congress, the conclusion that the right to sell is connected with the law permitting importation, as. an inseparable incident, is inevitable."
Two -points were deciced on the second .proposition - 1st. That a ix on the importer was a tax on the import.
9-d r hat "an import," which had paid a tax to the United
States according to the regulations of commerce made by Congress, could-not be taxed a second time in the hands of the importer.
Neither of these cases louch the question of exclusive power, nor

604

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Catron's Opinion.

d6 I suppose it was intended by the writer of the opinions to approach that question, as he studiously guarded the opinion in the leading case of Gibbons v. Ogden against such an inference; and professedly followed the doctrines there laid down in Brown v.
The State of Maryland.
The next case that came before the court was that of Willson et al. v. The Blacklird Creek Mprsh Companyin 1829, 2 Peters,
257. The chief justice again delivered the opinion of the court, as he had done in the' two previous cases. The company was authorized to make a dam across the creek under a State charter. The creek was a navigable tide-water; the dam was constructed, and the licensed sloop of Willson not being enabled to pass, he broke the dam, and the company sued him for damages ; to which he pleaded, that the creek was a navigable highway, where the tide ebbed and flowed, and that he only did so much damage as to allow his vessel to pass. The pleawas demurred to, and there was a judgment against Willsor in the State court. It was insisted 'on. hisbehalf in this court That tle.pptvr 1t regulate commerce included navigation ; and' ti.anavigable'streams are the waters of the
United States, and subject tcf the power of Congress ; and the case of Gibbons v. Ogden was relied on. The chief justice in the
opiiion said : - "1 The counsel for the plaintiff in error insists that it comes in conflict with the powers of the United States to regulate
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States. "If Congress had passed any act which bore upon the case, any
act in execution of the power to regulate.commerce, the object of
which was to control State legislation over those small navigable creeks into which the tide flows, and which abound throughout the' lower country of the Middle and Southern States, we should feel not much difficulty in saving, that a State law coming in conflict
with such act would be- void. But Congress has passed no such act. The repugnancy of the law of Delaware to the constitutiori is placed entirely on-its repugnancy to the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations and among the several States ; a power which
has not begn so exercised as to affect the question. " We do not think that the act empowering the Blackbird Creek
MAarsh Company to place a dain across the creek can, under all the
circunstahtces of the case, be considered as repugnant to. the power to regulate commerce in its dormant state, or as being in conflict with any law passed on the subject."
Here the adjudications ond. But judges, who were of the court when the threei cases cited were determined, differ as to, the-'true meaning of the chief justice in the language employed in the case
of Gibbons v. Ogden; in illustrating the 6onstitution in aspects supposed to bear mbre or less on the questions before the court , such, for instance, as that the coinmercial power was a unit, and covered the entire subject-,matter of commerce with foreigh nations and

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

605

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Catron's Opinion.

among the States ; and that navigation was included in the power.
In the case of New York v. Miln, 11 Peters, 102, Mr. Justice Thompson and Mr. Justice Story differed entirely as to what the language employed in the opinion in Gibbons v. Ogden meant, in regard to the true exposition of the constitution ; - one contending that the language used had reference to the power of Congress, and to
a case where it had been fully exercised ; the other insisting that the opinion maintained the exclusive power in Congress to regulate commerce, and that the States had no authority to legislate, but were altogether excluded from interfering. This was Mr. Justice
Story's opinion. I think it must be admitted that Chief Justice Marshall understood himself as Mr. Justice Thompson understood him, otherwise he could not have held as he did in the last case, in
1829, of Willson v. The Blackbird Creek Marsh Company. And as this case was an adjudication on the precise question whether the constitution of the United States, in itself, extinguished the powers of the States to interfere with navigation on tide-water,
and as it was adjudged, in the case of. Gibbons v. Ogden, that the power to regulate commerce included navigation as fully as if the clause had expressed it in terms, it is difficult to say that this case does not settle the question favorably to. the exercise of jurisdiction on the part of the States, until Congress shall act on the same subject and suspend the State law in its operation. But, owing to the conflicting opinions of individual judges, it is deemed proper to treat
the question as thoigh it was an open one, in the aspect that this
ease presents-it ; and then the consideration arises, - Can a State, by its general laws, operating on all persons and property within its jurisdiction, regulate articles coming into the State from other
States, and prohibit their sale, unless a license is obtained by the person bringing them in; and where no tax or duty is demanded of the person, or imposed on the article ?
In this proposition, it is not intendud to involve the consideration, that where 'Congress regulates a particular commerce by ge'neral laws, as where a tax is'levied on some articles on being introduced from abroad, and others permitted to come in free, that all are regulated ;. this I admit in the instance put, and in all others of a like character. But as no general law of Congress has regulated commerce among the States, such a rule cannot apply here.
To a true understanding of the power conferred on Congress to regulate commerce among the States, it may be proper briefly to refer to their condition and acts before the constitution was adopted, in this respect. The prominent evil was, that they taxed the commerce of each other directly and indirectly ; and to secure themselves from undue and opposing taxes, the constitution first provides, that Congress shall lay no tax on articles exported from any State second, that no State shall lay any imposts or duties on imports or exports ; nor, third, lay any duty on tonnage, without
51 *

606

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Catron's Opinion.

the consent of Congress, except so much as may be necessary for executing its inspection laws. These are prohibitions, to which the
States have conformed. But, as many general and all necessary local regulations existed
when the constitution wag adopted, and this, in all the States, affecting the end of commerce within their respective limits, the local regulations were continued, so far as the constitution left them in force. And they have been added to and accumulated to a great extent up to this time in the maritime States, not only as regards commerce among the States, but affecting foreign commerce also ; the States, within their harbours and inland waters, have- done -almost every thirig, and Congress next to nothing. So minute and complicated are the *wantsof commerce when .it reaches its port of destination, that even the State legislatures have been incapable Qf providing
suitable means for -its regulation between ship and shore, and therefore -charters, granted by the State legislatures, have conferred the
power on city corporations. Owing to situation and climate, every port and place where commerce enters a State must have peculiarity in its regulations ; and these it would be exceedingly difficult for
Congress to make; nor could it depute the power tb corporations, as the States do. The difficulties standing in the way of Congress
are fast increasing with the increase of commerce and the places where it is carried on. And where it enters States through their inland borders, by land and water, the complication is not less, and
especially on the large rivers. There, too, Congress has the undisputed power to regulate commerce" coming from State to State ; but as every village would require special legislation, and constant additions as it grew and- its commerce increased, to deal with the subject on the part of Congress would be next to impossible in prac·tice., I admit that this condition of things does not settle the
question of contested power ; but it satisfactorily sh6ws that Congress cannot do what the States have done, are doing, and must continue to do, from a controlling necessity, even should the exclusive'power in Congress be maintained by our decision. And this state-of things was too prominently manifest for the convention to
overlook it. Nor do I suppose they did so, for the following reasons.
* The general rules of construction applicable to the negative and affirmative powers of grant in the constitution are commented on in the 32d number of the Federalist; in these terms: "I -That, not-
withstanding the affirmative grants of general. authorities, there has been the most pointed care, in those cases where it was deemed
improper that the like authorities should reside in the States, to in-
sert negative clauses prohibiting the exercise of them by the States. The tenth section of the first article consists altogether of such provisions. -This circumstanie is a clear indication of the sense of the convention, and furnishes a rule of interpretatiori out of the
body of the act, which justifies the position I have advanced, and

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

607

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Catron's Opinion.

refutes every hypoihesis to the contrary." That is, in favor of the State power. These remarks were made to quiet the fears of the peop]e, and to clear up doubts on the meaning of the constitution, then before them for adoption by the State conventions. And it is an historical truth, never, so far as I know, denied, that these papers were received by the people of the States as the true exponents of the instrument submitted for their ratification. Proceeding on the principle of construction applicable to affirmative statutes, -that they stood together as a general rule, if there were no negative words, -and taking the doctrine laid down in the Federalist to be the true-rule of interpretation, - that where the States were intended .to be prohibited negative words had been used, -the States continued to do what they had previously done, and were not by negation prohibited from doing ; that is to say, to exercise the powers conferred on Congress in' arming, and organizing, and disciplining the militia, to pass bankrupt laws, and to regulate the details of commerce within their limits, coming from other States and foreign countries.
The exercise of the powers to regulate the militia, and to pass bankrupt laws, has not the approval of this court in the cases of
Houston v. Moore, and in Ogden v. Saunders. As to the existence of the power in the States in these two in-
stances, there is no further controversy here or elsewhere. And in regard to, the third, Congress has stood by for nearly
sixty years, and seen the States regulate the commerce of the wholQ country, more or less, at the ports of entry and at all their borders, without objection, and for this court now to decide that
the power did not exist in the States, and that all they had done in
this respect was void from the beginning, would overthrow and annul entire codes of State legislation on the particular subject. We
would by our decision expunge more State laws and city corporate regulations than Congress is likely to make in a century- on the same subject, and on no better assumption than that Congress and the State legislatures had been altogether mistaken as.to their respective powers for fifty years and foore. If long usage, general
acquiescence, and the absence of complaint can settle the interpre-"
tation of the clause in question, then it should be deemed as settled in conformity to thb usage by the courts.
And as Congress and the c6urts have conceded that the States may pass laws regulating..the militia, and on the subject of bankruptcies, and- that the affirmative grants of power to Congress in these instances did not deprive the States from exercising the power until Congress acted, it is now too late, under existing circum-
stances, for this court to say that the similar affirmative. power to
regulate commerce with foreign nations and among the States shall be held an exclusive power in Congress ; as it could no more be done with consistency of interpretation, than with safety to the ex-
isting state of the country.

60S

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Catron's Opinion.

In proceeding on this moderate, and, as I think, prudent and proper construction, all further difficulty will be obviated in regard to the admission of property into the States ; this the States may regulate, so they do not tax; and if the States (or any one of them) abuse the- power, Congress can interfere at pleasure, and remedy the evil ; nor will the States have any right to complain.
And so the courts can interfere if the States assume to exercise an excess of power, or act on a subject of commerce that is regulated by Congress. As'already stated, it is hardly possible for Congress to deal at all with the details .of this complicated matter.
The case before us presents a fair illustration of the difficulty; all venders of spirits produced in New Hampshire fe compelled to be licensed before they can lawfully sell ; this is not controverted, and cannot be. To hold that the State license law was void, as-respects spirits coming in from other States as articles of com-
merce, *ould open the door to an almost entire evasion, as the spirits, might be introduced in the smallest divisible quantities that the retail trade would require ; the consequence of which would be, that the dealers in New Hampshire would sell only spirits pro-
duced in other States,rand that the products of New Hampshire would find an.unrestrained market in the neighbouring States having
similar license laws to those of New Hampshire.
For the sake of convenience, the views on which this opinion proceeds will be briefly restated.
1. It is maintained, that spirits and wines are articles belonging to foreign commerce and commerce among the States ; and that Congress can regulate their introduction and transmission into and through the States so long as they belong to either class of such commerce, but no further.
2. That any State law whose provisions, are repugnant to the existing regulations of Congress (within the above limit) is void, so far as it is opposed to the legislation of Congress.
3. That the police power of the States *as 'reserved to the States, and that it is beyond the reach of Congress ; but that such "police power extends to articles only which do not belong to foreign commerce, or to commerce' among the States, at the time the police power is exercised in regard to them ; and that the fact of their condition is a subject proper for judicial ascertainment.
4. That the power to regulate commerce among the States may be exercised by Congress at pleasure, and the States cut off from
regulating the same commerce at the same time it stands regulated by Congress.; but that, until such regulation is -made by Congress,
the States may exercise the power within their respective limits. 5. That the law of New Hampshire was a regulation of com-
merce among the States in regard to the article for selling of which the defendants were indicted and convicted ; but that the State law was constitutionally passed,,because of the power of the State thus

JANUARY TERM; 1847.

609

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Catron's Opinion.

to regulate ; there being no regulation of Congress, special or general, in existence to which the State law was repugnant;
And, for these reasons, I think the judgment of the-State court
should be affirmed.

THURLOW V. MASSACHUSETTS.
The statute of Massachusetts provides, that no person shall presume to be a retailer or seller of wine, brandy, rum, or other spirituous liquors, in a less quantity than twenty-eight gallons, and that delivered and carried away all at 6ne time, unless he is first licensed as a retailer of wine and spirits, as is provided in this chapter, on pain of forfeiting twenty dollars for each offence.
The plaintiff, Thurlow, was found guilty by a jury for violating this law, on which verdict the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts pronounced judgment ; and from which a writ of error was prosecuted to this court under the twenty-fifth section of the Judidiciary Act of 1789. The bill of exceptions shows that some of the sales charged, in the indictment were of foreign liquors ; in re-
gard to which the court directed the jury that the license law applied as well to imported spirits as to. domestic. It was proved that the defendant below had sold in quantities of gallons, quarts, and pints, And the question submitted for our consideration is, whether the State law, and the judgment founded on it, are repugnant to the acts of Congress authorizing the importation of wines, brandies, and other foreign spirits ; and it is proper to remark, that our jurisdiction and
power to interfere involve the question merely of repugnance or no repugnance ; if repugnance is found to exist, we must reverse, and if not, we must affirm. · It follows, that the judicial ascertainment of the fact will end the controversy.
For the plaintiff in error it is insisted, that the State law and the judgment founded on it are repugnant to the acts of Congress authorizing the importation of foreign wines and spirits, and to their introduction into the United States on paying a prescribed tax. That the laws of the States cannot control the retail trade in such
liquors ; that if they can to any extent, they may prohibit their sale altogether, and by this means do that indirectly which cannot he done directly, that is to say, prohibit their introduction ; that the purposes of wholesale importation being retail distribution, the.two
must go together ; if not, the first s of no value'; that importations reach our country in large masses for the sole purposes of diffusion and consumption, and unless Congress has the control of distribution until the imported article reaches the consumer, the power to admit and to regulate commerce in regard to it will be worthless, and little
better ban a barren theory, leaving us *.here we began. in 1789. That amy law, therefore, that prohibits consumption necessarily destoys importation ; and the retail process being the, ordinary meanw

610

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Catron's Opinion.

to consumption, and indispensable to it, to refuse this means would wholly defeat the end Congress has protected ; that is to say, consumption. -On the soundness of this reasoning, the -result of the
controversy depends. To this argument we answer, that under the power to regulate
foreign commerce, Congress can protect every article belonging to
foreign commerce, so rong as it does belong to it, from the opera-
tion of a tax or a license, imposed by a State law, that obstructs or hinders the commerce. But the true inquiry here is, how long
does the imported article so continue ? The acts of Congress protect 1,imports," and prescribe the quantity and measure in which they.shall be made ; the qtlestion of more or less is within the competency of Congress, but how long the imported article continues to be "an import" is a different question, for so soon as it ceases to be so, then it is beyond the power conferred on Congress "1to regulate foreign commerce," and that power cannot afford it further protection. This is the line of jurisc iction where the powers of Congress end, and where the powers of the States begin, wherr dealing respectively with the imported article. And such is the limit established in thecase of Brown v. The State of Maryland.
I do not mean to say that Congress may not protect an import for the purposes of transmission over land, in the form it was imported, from one State to another, for the purposes of distribution and sale by the importer, as this 'can be done under the power to regulate commerce-among the States. The question under examination is,
not what Congress may do, but what it has done. It has not permitted spirituous liquors to be imported in the quantities that they were sold by the plaintiff in error. _nd when the article passes by sale from the hands of the importer into the hands of another, either for the purposes of resale or of consumption, or is divided into smaller quantities, by breaking 'up the casks, packages, &c., by'the importer, the article ceases to be a protected "-import," according
to the legislation of Congress as it now stands, and therefore the liquors sold in this instance did not belong to "foreign commerce," When sold at the retail house by single gallons, quarts, &c. When thus divided and sold in the body of the State, the-foreign liquors be-
came a part of its property, and were subject to be taxed, or to be regulated by licenses, like any other property owned within the State.
But while foreign liquors, imported according to the regulations of Congress, remain in the cask, bottle, &c., in the original form, then the importer may sell them in that form at the port of entry, or in any other part of the United States, nor can any State law hinder the importer from doing so ; nor does it make any difference 'whether the imported article paid a tax on its introduction, or was
admitted as a free arti, le ; until it passes from the hands of-the importer, it is " an import," and belongs to regulated " foreign com-. merce," and is protected.

JANUARY .TERM, 1847.

611

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Daniel's Opinion.

It follows from the principles stated, that the spirituous liquors 'sold by the defendant stood on no higher ground thai domestic spirits did, and that domestic spirits are subject to the State authority as objects of taxation, or of license in restraint of their sale, is not a matter of controversy,.and certainly cannot be here, under the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act.
I admit as inevitable, that, if the State has the power of restraint by licenses to any extent, she has the discretionary power to judge of its limit, and may go to the length of prohibiting sales altogether, if such be her policy ; and that if this court cannot interfere in the case before us, so neither could we interfere in the extreme case of entire exclusion, except to protect imports belonging to foreign commerce, as already defined. The reasons are obvious. We have no power to inquire into abuses (if such there be) inflicted by State authority on the inhabitants of the State,
unless such abuses are repugnant to the constitution, laws, or treaties of the United States.
For the reasons above set forth, I think the judgment of the State court should be affirmed.
And as the case of Joel Fletcher against the State of Rhode Island depends on the same principles, to every extent, I think it must be affirmed also.

Mr. Justice DANIEL.
In the decision of the court, so far as it establishes the validity of the license laws of the States of Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and New -Hampshire, I entirely concur; and had the opinions of judges in forming that decision been limited strictly to an inquiry into the compatibility of those laws with the constitution of the United States, or with a just exercise of State power (the only inquiry, in my apprehension, regularly before the court), I should have been spared the painful duty of disagreement with my brethren. To this inquiry, however, those opinions, -according to my appre'hension, are by no means restricted. The majority of the judges, in fulfilment of their own convictions, have seemed to me to go beside the questions regularly before them, and in this departure have propounded principles and propositions, against which, whensoever they may be urged as motives for action on my part, I shall feel myself bound most earnestly to protest. It has been said, that the principles here objected to have been already solemnly and fully adjudged and established, and should therefore be no longer assailed. The assertion as to the extent in which these principles have been ruled, or the solemnity with which they have been fiked and settled, may in the first place be justly questioned. -It is believed that they have been directly adjudged in a single case only, and then under the qualification of an able dissent.*
See 12 Wheaton, 449, the cpinion of Thompson, Justice. -

612

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Daniel's Opinion.

But should this assertion be conceded in its greatest latitude, my reply to it must be firmly and unhesitatingly tbis,-that in matters
involving the meaning and integrity of the constitution, I never can consent that the text of that instrument shall be overlaid and smoth-
ered by the glosses of essay-writers, lecturers, and commentators. Nor will I abide the decisions of judges, believed by me to be invasions of the great lex legum. I, too, have been sworn to observe and maintain the constitution. I possess no sovereign prerogative by which I can put my conscience into commission. I must interpret exclusively as that conscience shall dictate. Could I, in cases of minor consequence, consent, in deference to others, to pursue a different course, I should, in instances like the present, be especially reluctant to place myself within the description of the poet,-" Stat magni nominis umbra."
The doctrines which to me appear to have been gratuitously brought into this case are those which have been promulged in the reasoning of this court in the case of Brown v. The State of Maryland, reported in 12 Wheaton, 419,-doctrines (and I-speak it with all due respect) which I conceive cannot, by correct induction, be derived from the constitution, nor even from the grounds assumed for their foundation in the reasoning of the court in that case ; but which, on the contrary, appear to be wholly illogical and arbitrary.
The doctrines adverted to are these. That under the operation of that provision in the constitution which confers on Congress. the power of regulating commerce with foreign nations, &c., &c., and by the farther provision which prohibits to the States the power of levying imposts or duties on imports, merchandise, or property imported from abroad, -however completely its transit may have
been ended, however completely it shall have passed beyond all agencies and obligations in reference to the federal government,
and however absolutel4, exclusively, and undeniably it shall have become the property, and passed into the possession, of the citizen resident within the State, and protected both in person and p.roperty by the laws of the State, - shall never become subject to
taxation, in common with other property of the same citizen, whilst it shall remain in the bale, package, or form in .which it shall have
been imported, nor until (to use the language of the court) it shall have been "broken up and mingled with the general mass of prop-
erty." With regard to this phrase, "broken up and mingled with the
mass of property," so often appealed to with the view to illustration, it nay be worth while to remark, in passing, how often words introduced for the purpose of explanation are themselves the means of creating doubt or ambiguity! With respect to the phrase above mentioned, it may be retorted, that a person may import a steamengine, a piano, a telescope, or a horse, and many other subjects, ,hich could ziot be broken up in order to be mingled with the

JANUARY TERM, 1847.,

613

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Daniel's Opinion.

general mass of property. If, then, this phrase is to be appre-

hended as signifying (and this alone seems its reasonable meaning)

the appropriation of a subject imported in absolute private right

and enjoyment, either positively or relatively, it surrenders the

whole matter in dispute, and admits that all the property of the cit-

izen, who is himself protected in his person and in the enjoyment

of his property, is bound to contribute to the support of the gov-

ernment which yields this protection, whether he shall have im-

ported that property, or purchased it at home..

By the 6th article and 2d clause of the constitution it is thus de-

clared: "That this cohnfitution and the laws of the United

States made in pursuance thereof, and treaties made under the au-

thority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the land.."

This provision of the constitution, it is to be feared, is sometimes

applied or expounded without those qualifications which the char-

acter of the parties to that instrument, and its adaptation to the

purposes for which it was created, necessarily imply. Every power

delegated to the federal government must be expounded in coinci-

dence with a perfect right in the States to all that .they have not

delegated ; in coincidence, too, with the possession of every- power

and right necessary for their existence and preservation ; for it is im-

possible to believe that these ever were, in intention or in fact, ceded

to the general government. Laws of the United States, in order

to be binding, must be within the legitimate powers vested by the

constitution. Treaties, to be valid, must be made within the scope

of the same powers ; for there can be no "authority of the United

States," save what is derived mediately or immediately, and 'regu-

larly and legitimately, from the constitution. A treaty, no more

than an ordinary statute, can arbitrarily cede away any one right of

a State or of any citizen of a Statd. In cases of alleged conflict

between a !awof the United States and the constitution, or be-

tween the law of a State and the constitution or a statute of the

United States, this court must pronounce upon the validity of either

law with reference to the constitution ; but whether the decision of

the court in such cases be itself binding or otherw;se must depend

upon its conformity with, or its warrant from, the constitution. It

cannot be correctly held, that a decision, merely because it be by

the Supreme Court, is to override alike the constitution and the

laws both of the States and of the United States. Let us test by

these principles - believed to be irrefragable - the power over

foreigni commerce vested in Congress by the constitution ; and also

the positions sought to be deduced 'from that grant of power by

the argument in Brown v. The State of Maryland. By art. 1, §8,

clause 4,' of the constitution, it is declared, " that Congress shall

have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, among the

several States, and with the Indian tribes." IT is with the first of the

grants in thib-article that we have now to deal. The commerce here

VOL. V.

52

614

SUPREME COURT.

Licease Cases.-Mr Justice Daniel's Opinion.

spoken of is that traic between the people of the 'United States and foreign nations, by which articles are procured by purchase or barter from abroad, or by which the like subjects of traffic are transmitted from the United States to foreign countries ; keeping in view always the essential characteristic of this commerce as stamped
upon it by the constitution, namely, that it is commerce with foreign nations, or, in other words, that it is external commerce. By this,
however, is not meant that it should be external in reference to geographical or territorial lines, but in reference to the parties, and
the nature of their transactions. The power to regulate this commerce may properly comprise the times and places at which, the modes and vehicles in which, and the conditions upon which, it may as foreign commerce be carried on.; but precisely at that point of its existence- that it is changed from foreign commerce, at that
point this power *of regulation in the federal government must cease, the subject for the action of this power being gone. In-
dependently of an express prohibition upon the States to lay duties on imports, this power of regulating foreign commerce may correcty imply a denial to the States of a right to interfere with ex-
isting regulations over subjects of foreign commerce; but they must be continuing, and still in reality, subjects of foreign commerce, and such they can no longer be after that commerce with regard
to them has terminated, a d they are completely vested as property in a citizen of a State, weher he be-the first, second, or third
proprietor ; if this were otherwise, then, by the same reasoning, they would remain imports, or subjects of foreign commerce, through every possible transmission of title, because they had been once imported. Imports in apolitical or fiscal, as well as in common practical acceptation, are properly commodities brought in from
abroad which either have not reached their perfect investiture or theiralternate destination as property within the jurisdiction of the State, or which still are subject to the power of the government
for a fulfilment of the conditions upon which they have been admitted to entrance; as, for instance, goods on which duties are
still unpaid, or which are bonded or in public warehouses. So soon as they are cleared of all control of the government' which permits their introduction, and have becore the complete and exelusive property of the citizen or resident, they are no longer imports in a political, or fiscal, or common sense. They are like all other property of the citizen, and should be equally the subjects of domestic regulation and taxation, ivhether owned by an importer or his vendee, or may have. been purchased by cargo, package, bale, piece, or yard, or by hogsheads, casks, or bottles. I can perceive
no rational distinction which can be taken upon the circumstance of mere quantity, shape, or bulk ; oi on that of the number of transmissions through -Which a commodity may have passed from the. first proprietor, or of its remaining still with the latter. The

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

615

License Cases. -Mr: Justice Daniel's Opinion.

objection, that a tax upon an article in bulk (the property of a citizen) is forbidden because it is a burden on foreign commerce, whilst a similar burden is permissible on the very same bulk or on fragments of the same article in the hands of his vendee, it would appear difficult to reconcile with sound reasoning. Every tax is alike a burden, whether it be imposed on larger or smaller subjelcts, and in either mode must operate on price, and consequently on demand and consumption. If, then, there was any integrity in the objection urged, it should abolish all regulations of retail trade, all
taxes on whatever may have been imported. It cannot be correctly maintained that State laws which may re-
motely or incidentally affect foreign commerce 'are on that account to be deemed void. To render them so, they must be essentially and directly in conflibt with some power clearly invested in Congress by the constitution; and, I would add, with some regulation
actually established by Congress in virtue of that power. In the case of Brown. v. The, State of Maryland, it is said by the court, that liberty to import implies unqualified liberty to sell at the place of importation. In the argument of this case, the proposition just mentioned does not, in all its amplitude, seem broad enough for counsel, who have contended that liberty to import implies on the part of the States a duty to encourage, if not to enforce, the consumption of foreign merchandise ; arising, it is affirmed, from a farther duty incumbent on the States to regard a priori the acts of the federal government as wisest and best, and therefore imposing an obligation on the States for cooperation with them. These very exacting propositions, it is believed, can hardly be vindicated, either
by the legitimate meaning of words, or any correct theory of the constitutional powers of Congress. It cannot be necessary here to institute a criticism upon the words importation, sale, consumption, in order to show either their etymological or ordinary acceptation, or in order to expose the fallacy of the aforegoing new and startling theory. Goods, moreover, may be imported into a country as into a commercial entrep6t, for reshipment to other markets, and not for consumption at all. But where importation may have been made
with the direct view to sell, it does not follow, by necessary inductioi, that permission for the former implies permission for the latter, nor the power of granting the former the power of conferring the latter ; much less, that it implies the power or the obligation on the part of the government to command or insure a sale. What-
ever might be the case under governments in which power is either absolute or single, it is wholly otherwise under our system of confederated sovereignties. Here the power of the general government is emphatically delegated and limited, although it is paramount so far as it has been delegated ; and when we look for this power of the government in relation to this matter in the constitution, we
find it the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations; it

616

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Daniel's Opinion.

being the foreign character of that commerce alone which confers on Congress any power whatsoever with respect to it. It has been urged, that the importer pays a duty to the government for permis-
sion to introduce and vend his merchandise ; that it would be unjust, therefore, to deprive him of the power of vending, as he never would have imported except with the expectation of selling. To this it may, in the first place, be replied, as has been remarked in the
argument at the bar, that the question here is one of constitutional power ; and if the federal government shall have transcended its legitimate powers, I ask, can it be right, in any view, to compensate those who may have suffered by the transgression, by authorizing unlimited reprisals upon the States ? But in truth no such right as the one supposed is purchased by the importer, and no injury in any accurate sense is inflicted on him by denying to him the power demanded. He has doubtless in view the profits resulting from the sale of his commodities ; but he has not purchased and cannot purchase fromthe government that which it could not insure to him, a sale independently of the laws and polity of the States. He has, under the, legitimate power of the federal goverhment to regulate foreign commerce, .purchased the right to import, or introduce his merchandise, -the right to come in with it in quest of a market, and nothing beyond this. The habits, the tastes, the necessities, the health, the morals, and the safety of society form the true foundation of his calculations, or of any power or right which may be conceded to him.for the sale of his merchandise, and not any supposed right in the federal government, in contravention of all these, to
enforce such sale. The want of integrity in the argument under examination is
farther exposed, by showing that it will not cover the conclusion sought to be drawn from it. If the right of the importer to vend,
and his exemption from taxation, are made to rest on the payment of duties to the federal government, on what foundation must be. rested his right and his exemption, in reference to articles on which
duties are neither paid nor exacted ? Are these to be left exclusively the subjects of State regtilation and State taxation ? That they must be so left is a logical and inevitable conclusion from the proposition that the right to vend flows from the payment
of duties. And then this argument involves the palpable absurdity, that merchandise wJhich the government does not so strongly
favor as to admit without duty shall remain intact and sacred, whilst merchandise which is so much preferred as to be admitted freely - nay, whose introduction is in effect invited and solicited by the federal government -- may be burdened by the States at
pleasure. It has been insisted, that, as by treaty stipulations articles of
foreign merchandise have been admitted for consumption (and much stress is laid upon thiB expression) in cdrtam specified

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

617

License Cases. - Mr. Justice Daniel's Opinion.

quantities, consequently by such stipulations forming the supreme law of the land, the free sale of these articles must be an absolute right. In what instances a treaty is or is not the supreme law, or is no law at all, I have already endeavoured to distinguish. Passing, therefore, that inestigation, it seems very clear that the proposition just adverted to involves a great fallacy. The treaty stipulations here exemplified" mean this, and nothing more, namely5 that whereas certain enumerated commodities could heretofore be imported only in greater quantities, for the use of those who might choose to buy and consume them, they may hereafter be imported in lesser quantities. These stipulations no more signify that commodities shall be circulated and used free of all internal regulation, than they convey a positive mandate for their being purchased and consumed, eaten and drunk, nolens volens, or at all events. Every State that is in any sense sovereign and independent possesses, and must possess, the inherent power of controlling property held and owned within its jurisdiction, and in virtue and under the protection of its own laws, whether that control be exerted in taxing it, or in de-
termining its tenure, or in directing the manner of its transmission ; and this, too, irrespective of the quantities in which it is held or
transferred, or the sources whence it may have been derived. Such a power differs entirely from an authority essentially extraneous in its character, - an authority limited and specific, by the very terms which confer it ; restricted to action upon the progress of property
on its way to complete investment under the laws of the State. The license laws of Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and New
Hampshire, now under review, impose no exaction on foreign commerce. They are laws simply determining the mode' in which a particular commodity may be circulated within the respective juris-
dictions of those States, vesting in their domestic tribunals a discretion in selecting the agents for such circulation, without discriminating between the sources whence commodities may, have been
derived. They do not restrict importation to any extent ; they do not interfere with it, either in appearance or reality ; they do not
prohibit sales, either by wholesale or retail ; they assert only the "power of regulating the latter, but this entirely within the sphere
of their peculiar authority.
These taws are, therefore, in violation neither of the constitution of the United States, nor of any law nor treaty made in pursuance
or under the authority of the constitution. Viewing them in this charactor, my co~peration is given in maintaining them, whatever
differences of opinion may exist in relation to their policy or neces-
sity. But since, whilst extending to these laws their sanction and support, there have been advanced by others principles* and opinions which to me appear to have their source not in the fountain of
all legitimate power in this or any other departmunt of the federal
government, I cannot by silence seem to assent to those principles
52#

618

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Woodbury's Opinion.

and opinions, nor put from me the obligation of declaring my dissent from them.

Mr. Justice NELSON concurred in the opinions delivered by the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Catron.

Mr. Justice WOODBURY.
I concur in the conclusion of my brethren as to the judgment which ought to be pronounced in all of the three license cases.
But, differing in some of the reasons for that judgment, and in the limitations and extent of some of the principles involved, and knowing the cases to possess much interest in the Circuit to which I belong, and from which they all come, I do not feel at liberty to "refrain from briefly expressing my views upon them.
The paramount question involved in all the cases is, whether license laws by the States for selling spirituous liquors are constitutional. It is true that several' other points are raised, as to evidence, the power of juries in criminal prosecutions to decide the law as well as the facts, and other questions not connected with the overruling of any clause in an act of Congress, or treaty, or the constitution, which was interposed in the defence. But, confined as we are to these last considerations in writs of error to State courts, it would be travelling out of our prescribed path to discuss at all either the other questions just alluded to, or some which have been long and ardently agitated in connection with this subject ;
such, for instance, as the expediency of the license laws, or the power of a State to regulate in any way the food and drink or clothing of its inhabitants. Fortunately, those questions belong to another and more appropriate.forum, - the State tribunals.
But, looking to, the relations which exist between the general government and the different State sovereignties, the question, whether the laws in these cases are within the power of the States to pass, without an encroachment on the authority. of the general government, is one of those conflicts of laws between the two governments, involving the true extent of the powers in each as regards the other, which is very properly placed under our revision. Ir: helping to discharge that duty on this occasio*n, I carry with me, -as a controlling principle, the proposition, that State powers, State rights, and State decisions are to be uph6Id when the obj~ction to them is not clear, equally proper as it may be for them, when the objection is clear, to give way to the supremacy of the authorized measures of the general government. See Constitution, art. 3.
It-is not enough to fancy some remote or indirect repugnance to acts of Congress, - a "ipotential inconvenience," - in order to annul the laws of sovereign States,'and overturn the deliberate decisions of State tribunals. There must be an actual collision, a direct inconsistency, and thai deprecated case of "1clashing sover-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

619

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Woodbury's Opinion.

eignties," in order to deniand the judicial interference of this court to reconcile them. McCulloch v. Maryland, 4 Wheat. 316, 487;
1 Story's Com. on Const. 432.
These cases present two leading facts in respect to the material points, which ought first to be noticed. Neither of them is a prosecution against the importer of spirit or wine from a foreign country; and in neither has a duty been imposed, or a, tax collected by the State from the original defendant, in connection with these articles. From this state of things, it follows, that, however much has been said as to the collision between these license laws and some former decisions of this court, no such direct issue is made up in
either of them.
The case usually cited in support of such a proposition is very different. It is that of Brown v. Maryland, 12 Wheat. 419, which was a tax or license required, before the sale of an article, from the importer of it from a foreign country ; and it was an importer alone who called the constitutionality of the law in question. What do these statutes, then, really seek to do ? They merely attempt tr
regulate the sale of spirit or wine within the limits of States, in regard to the quantity sold at any one time without a license from the State authorities, - as in the cases from Massachusetts and Rhode Island; and in regard to any sale whatever without such license, -as in the case from New Hampshire.
It is true, also, that the quantity allowed to be sold in Massachusetts at any one time, without a license, is not so small as that which is permitted by C ngress to be imported in kegs, and. in
Rhode Island is greater than that which Congress permits to be im-
ported in bottles, and in New Hampshire is no, quantity whatever. Yet neither of the laws unconditionally prohibits importations. Indeed, neither of them says any thing on the subject of importa-
tions. "The first inquiry then recurs, whether they do not all stand on ;he same platform in respect to this, and without conflicting in this respect with any act of Congress. My'opinion is that they do ; as
none of them, by prohibiting importations, oppose in terms any act of Congress which allows them, and none seem to me to conflict, in substance more than form, with entire freedom on that subject. Nor in either case do they, in point of fact, amount to a prohibition of iniportations in any quantity, however small. Under them, and so far as regards them, importations still go on abundantly into each of those States. It is manifest, also, whether as an abstract
proposition or practical measure, that'a prohibition to import is one thing, while a prohibition to sell without license is another and entirely different. The first would operate on foreign commerce, on the voyage. The latter affects only the internal business of the State after the foreign importation is coiapleted and on shore. In thIfnext place,.in point of fact, neither of the laws goes so far as to prohibit in terms the sales, any more than the imports, of spirits.

620

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Woodbury's Opinion.

On'looking at the laws, this will be coneeded. But if such a prohibition existed as to sales, what act of Congress would it come in collision with ? None has ever been passed which professes to regulate or permit sales within the States as a matter of commerce. A good reason exists for this, as the subject of buying and selling within a State is one as exclusively belonging to the power of the State over its internal trade, as that to regulate foreign commerce is with the general government, under the broadest construction of that
power. And what power or measure of the general government would a
prohibition of sales within a State conflict with, if it consisted merely in regulations of the police or internal commerce of the State itself ? There is no contract, express or implied, in"any act of Congress, that the owners of property, whether importers or purchasers from them, shall sell their articles in such quantities or at such times as they please within the respective States. Nor can they expect to sell on any other or better terms than are allowed by each State to all its citizens, or in a manner different from what has comported with the policy of most of the old States, as well before as since the constitution was adopted. Any other view would not accord with the usages of the country, or the fitness of things, or the unquestioned powers of all sovereign States, and, as is admitted, even of those in this Union, to regulate both their -internal commerce and general police. The idea, too, that a prohibition to sell would be tantamount to a prohibition to import, does not seem to me either logical or founded in fact. For, even under a prohibition to sell, a person could import, as he often does, for his own consumption and that'of his family and plantations ; and, also, if : merchant, extensively engaged in cormnerce, often does import articles with no view of selling them here, but of storing them for a higher and more suitable market in another State, or abroad. This was the paramount object in the law of Congress, so often cited, as to the importation of kegs of fifteen' gallons of brandy, - to have them in proper shape to be regxported and carried on mules in Mexico,
rathier than to be sold for use here. I should question the correctness of this objection even were it
the doctrine in Brown v. Maryland, though .I do not regard it as the point there settled, or the substantial reason for it. See Chief
Justice Parker's Opinion in The State of New Hampshire v. Peirce, in Law Rep. for September, 1845. That point related rather to the want of power in a State to lay a duty on imports.
But it is earnestly urged, that, as these acts indirectly prohibit sales, such a prolibition of sales is indirectly a prohibition of importations, and importations are certainly regulated by Congress. It is necessary to scrutinize the grounds on which such circuitous reasoning and analogy rest. The sale of spirit being still permitted in all these States, as before remarked, it is first objected, that it is

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

621

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Woodbury's Opinion.

permitted in certain quantities only, except under license, and that
this restricts and lessens both the sales and imports. But the leading object of the license is to insure the sales of spirit in quantities not likely to encourage intemperance, and at places and times, and by persons, conducive to the same end. This is the case in New Hampshire, where none can be sold without license, while in the two other States, if no license is granted, the owner may sell in ten or twenty-eight gallons at a time ; and in all the three States, the owner may, without license, consume what he imports, or store and reexport it for a market elsewhere. So the laws of most of the States forbid sales of property on the Sabbath. But who ever regarded that as prohibiting there entirely either their imports or
sales ? It is further argued, however, that the license laws- accomplish
indirectly what is hostile to the policy of Congress, and thus conflict with the spirit of its acts, as much as if they prohibited abso-
lutely both importations and sales. But if effecting this at all, it must be because they tend to lessen, and are designed to lessen, the consumption of foreign spirits, and thus help to reduce the imports and sales of them.
The case. from New Hampshire is in this respect less open to objection than the others, the spirit there having been domestic. But as it came in coastwise from another State, it may involve a like principle in another view ; and in its prohibitory character as to selling any liquor without license, the New Hampshire statute goes farther than either of the others.
Now, can it be maintained that every law which tends to diminish the consumption of any foreign or domestic article is unconstitutional, or violates acts of Congress ? For that is the essence of this point. So far from this, whatever promo.tes economy in the use or consumption of any articles is certainly desirable, and to be encouraged by both the State and general governments. Improvements of that kind by new inventions and labor-saving machinery are encouraged by patents and rewards. M1ore especially is it sound policy everywhere to lessen the consumption of luxuries,
and in particular those dangerous to public morals. So in respect to foreign articles, the disuse of them is promoted by both the
general and State governments in -everal other ways, rather than treating it as unconstitutional or against the acts of Congress" though the revenue as well as consumption be thereby diminished. Thus, the former orders the, purchase of only domestic hemp for the navy, when ii can be obtained of a suitable quality and price (Resolution, 18 February, 1843, 5 Statutes at Large,648). And some of the States have often bestowed bounties on the growth of hemp, and of wheat, and other useful articles. An exception like this Would cut so deep and wide into other'usages and policy well established, as to need lio further refutation.' But this objection is

622

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Woodbury's Opinion.

mixed up with another, - that the operation of these license laws is unconstitutional, because they'lessen the amount of revenue which the general government might otherwise derive from the importation of that which is made abroad. It may be a sufficient reply to this, that Congress itself, by its own revenue system, has at times, by very high duties on some articles, meant to diminish their consumption, and reduce the revenue which otherwise might be derived from
them if allowe.d to be introduced more largely under a.small duty. And in this very article of spirits it has confessedly, from the foundation of the government, made the duties high, so as to discourage their use ; and this int the very, last tariff of 1846, though considered to be more emphatically, a mere revenue measure. So its actual policy for fifteen years has been to lessen the use of spirit in both the army and navy ;. and by the thir'd section of the act of Aug.
29th, 1842, ch. 267 (5 Statutes at Large, 546), this .policy is recognized and encouraged by law.
So, wheii resorting to internal duties, for a like reason in part, stills and the manufacture of whiskey have been the first resorted to, and at last, in order to discourage the making of molasses into New England rum, the drawback on the former when manufactured into spirit and exported is allowed to stand now on a footing much less favorable than that on sugar when refined and exported.
Again, where States look to the most proper objects of domestic
taxation, it is perfectly competeit"for them to assess a higher tax or excise, by way of license or direct assessment, on articles of foreign rather than domestic growth belonging to her citizens ; and it ever has been done, however it may discourage the use of the former, or lessen the revenue which might otherwige be derived from them.by the general government, or tend to, reduce imports, as well as re-
strict the sale of 'them when considered of a dangerous character. The ground is, therefore, untenable entirely, that a course of
legislation which serves to discourage what is foreign, whether it be by Congress or-the States, is for that reason alone contrary to the constitution, even if it tend at thesame time to reduce the amount of revenue which would otherwise accrue from foreign iiports, or from those of that particular article.
Importations, then, being left unforbidden in all of these cases, and the right to sell with a license not being prohibited in any of
them, - nor without one prohibited, except qualifiedly in two of
them, and in the other ansolutely, but not affecting foreign imports at all in that case, as the spirit sold there was of domestic manufacture, - I pass to the next constitutionhl objection.
It has been contended, that the sum required to be paid for a license, and the penalty imposed for selling without one, are in the
nature of a 'duty on imports, and thus come within the principle really settled in Brown v. Maryland, and thus conflict with the con-
stitution. It is conceded, that a State is forbidden "to lay any im-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

623

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Woodbury's Opinion.

post or duties on imports" without the assent of Congress. (Art. 1, § 10.) But neither of these statutes purports to tax imports from abroad of foreign spirits, or imports from another State, either coastwise or by land, of either foreign or domestic spirits. The last mode is not believed to be that referred to in the constitution, and no regulation has ever been made by Congress concerning it when consisting of domestic spirits, as in the case of New Hampshire, except with a view to prevent smuggling. Act of Congress, Sept. 1, 1789, ch. 11, § 25, and Feb. 18, 1793, ch. 8, § 14 ; 1 Statutes at Large, 61, 309.
Nor does either of these statutes purport to tax the introduction
of an article by the merchant importing it, much less to impose any duty on the article itself for revenue, in addition to what Congress requires. Neither of theri appears to be, in'character or design, a fiscal measure. They do not"touch the merchandise till it has become a part of the property and capital of the State, and then merely regulate the disposal of it under license, as an affair of police and internal commerce. They might then even tax it as a part of the commercial stock in trade, and thus subject it, like other property, to a property tax, without being exposed to be considered an impost on imports, so as to conflict with the constitution. But the penalty and license in these cases are imposed diverso intuitu, and not as a tax of anyltind. Hence they operate no more in substance than in form, as an impost of the prqhibited character.
There is no pretence that the penalty is for revenue ; and if the small sum taken for a license should ever exceed the expense and trouble of supervising the matter, and become a species of internal duty or excise, it would operate on spirit made in the State as well as that made elsewhere, and on others as well as importers, and, like any State tax on local property, or local trade, or local business, be free from any qonflict with the constitution or acts of Congress. And what seems decisive in these causes as to this aspect of the question is, that neither of the persons here prosecuted was ;n fact an importer of foreign spirit or wines, or set up a defence of that kind as to himself, on the trial, which was overruled in the State
courts. Nor can the proposition, sometimes advanced, be vindicated,
that this license, if a tax, and falling at times on persons not citizens, whether they belong to other States or are aliens, is either unjust or unconstitutional.. It falls on them only when within the limits of the State, under the protection of its laws and seeking the privileges of its trade, and only in common with their own citizens. Such taxes are justifiable on principles of international law (Vattel, B. 8, ch. 10, § 132), and I can find no clause in the constitution with which they come in collision.
Again; it has been strenuously insisted on in these cases, and perhaps it is the leading position, that these license laws are virtually

624

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Woodbury's Opinion.

regulations of foreign commerce; and hence, when passed by a
State, are exercising a power exclusively vested in the geneial government, and therefore void. This is maintained, whether they actually conflict wth any particular act of Congress or not. But, dizsenting from any such definition of that power, as thus exclusive
and thus abrogating every measure of a State which by construction may be deemed a iregulation of foreign commerce, though not at all conflicting with any existing act of Congress, or with any thing ever likely to be done by Congress, I shall not, on this occasion, go at length into the reasons for my dissent to the exclusive character of this power, because these license laws are not, in my opinion, regulations of foreign commerce, and in a recent inquiry on the cir-
cuit I have gone very fiully into the question. The United States v. New Bedford Bridge, in Massachusetts District.
My reasons are in brief, -
1. The grant is in the same article of the constitution, and in like language, with others whic h this court has pronounced not to be
exclusive, e. g. the regulation of weights and measures, of bankruptcy, and disciplining the militia.
2. There is nothing in its nature, in several respects, to render it more exclusive than the other grants, but, on the contrary, much in its nature to permit and require the concurrent and auxiliary action
of the States. But I admit, that, so far as regards the uniformity of a regulation reaching to all the States, it must in these cases, of course, be exclusive; no State being able to prescribe rules for
others as to 'bankruptcy, or weights and measures, or the militia, or for foreign commerce. A want of attention to this discrimination has caused most of the difficulty. But there is much in connection, with foreign commerce which is local within each State, convenient
for its regulation and useful to the public, to be acted on by each till the power is abused or some course is taken by Congress conflicting with it. Such are the deposit of ballast in harbours, the extension of wharves into tide-water, the supervision of the anchorage of ships, the removal of obstructions, the allowance of bridges with suitable draws, and various other matters that need not be enumerated, blside the exercise of numerous police and health powers,
which are also by manny claimed upon different grounds. This local, territorial, and detailed legislation should vaiy in
different States, and is better understood by each than by the general government ; -and hencb, as the colonies under an empire usually attend to all such local legislation within their limits, leaving only general outlines and rules to the parent country at home, as towns, cities, and. corporations do it through by-laws for themselves, after the State legislature lays down general principles, and as the war and navy departments and courts of justice make detailed-
rules under general laws, so here the States, not conflicting with any uniform and general regulations by Congress as to foreign com-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

625

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Woodbury's Opinion.

merce, must for convenience, if not necessity, from the very nature

of the power, not be debarred from any legislation of a local and

detailed character on matters connected with that commerce omitted

by Congress. And to hold the power of Congress as to such

topics exclusive, in every respect, and prohibitory to the States,

though never exercised by Congress,. as fully as when in actiye

operation, which is the opposite theory, would create infinite in-

convenience, and detract much from the cordial co~peration and

consequent harmony between both governments, in their appropriate

spheres. It would nullify numerous useful laws and regulations in

all the Atlantic and commercial States in the Union.

If this view of the subject conflicts with opinions laid down obiter

in some of the decisions made by this court (9 Wheat. 209 ; 12

ibid. 438 ; 16 Peters, 543), it corresponds with the conclusions

of several judges on this point, and does not, in my understanding

of the subject, contradict any adjudged case in point. 5 Wheat. 49 ;

Willson v. Blackbird Creek Marsh Company, 2 Peters, 245 ; 11

ibid. 132 ; 14 ibid. 579 ; 16 ibid. 627, 664 ; 4 Wheat. 196.

But, without going farther into this question, it is enough here to

say, that these license laws do not profess to be, nor do they oper

ate as, regulations of foreign commerce. They neither direct how

it shall be carried on, nor where, nor under what duties or penalties.

Nothing is touched by them which is on shipboard, or-between ship and shore ; nothing till within the limits of a State, and out of the

possession and jurisdiction of the general government.

It is objected, in another view, that such licenses for selling do-

mestic spirit may affect the commerce in it between the. States,

which by the constitution is placed under the regulation of Con-

gress as much as foreign commerce.

But this licnse is a regulation neither of domestic commerce

between the States, nor of foreign commerce. It does not operate

on either, or the imports of either, till they have entered the State

and become component parts of its property. Then it has by~the

constitution the exclusive power to regulate its own internal com-

merce and business in such articles, and bind all'residents, citizens

or not, by its regulations, if -hey ask its protection and privileges ;

and Congress, instead of being opposed and thwarted by regulations

as to this, can no more interfere in it than the States can interfere

in regulation of foreign commerce. If the proposition was main-

tainable, that, without any legislation by Congress is to the trade

between the States (except that in coasting, as before explained, to

prevent smuggling), any thing imported from another State, foreign

or domestic, could be sold of right in the package in which it was

imported, not subject to any license or internal regulation of a

State, then it is obvious that the whole license system may be

evaded and nullified, either from abroad, or from a neighbouring

State. And the more especially can it be done from the latter; as

VOL. v.

53

626

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-Mr. J ustice Woodbury's Opinion.

inports may be made in bottles of any size, down to half a pint, of
spirits or wines ; and if its sale cannot be interfered with and regulated, the retail business can' be carried on in any small quantity, and by the most irresponsible and unsuitable persons, with perfect
impunity.
The apprehension that the States, by these license systems, are likely to impair the freedom of trade between "each other, is hardly
verified by the experience of a half-century. Their conduct has been so liberal and just thus far on this matter as never to have called for the legislation of Congress, which it clearly has the power to make in respect to the commerce between the States, whenever any occasion shall require its interposition to check imprudences or
abuses on the part'of any one of them towards the citizens of another. Some have objected, next, that these laws violate our foreign treaties, such as those, for example, with Great Britain and Prussia, which stipulate for free ingress and egress as to our ports, as well
as for a 'participation in our interior trade. See 8 Statutes at Large, 116, 228, 378. But those arrangements do not profess 'to
exempt their people from local taxation here, or local conformity to licehse systems, operating, as these State laws do, on their own
citizens and their own domestic-product6 in the same way, and to the same extent, as on iforeign ones. And neither of those laws in this case forbid access to our ports, or importation into the.several
States, by' the inhabitants of any foreign countries.
In settling the question whether these laws impugn treaties, or regulate either foreign commerce or that between the States, or
impose a duty on imports, ordinary justice to the States demands that they be presumed to have meant what they profess till the contrary is shown. Hence, as these laws were passed by States
possessing experience, intelligence, and a high tone of morals, it is neither legal nor liberal to attempt to nullify them by any forced
construction, so as to make them regulations of foreign commerce, 'or measures to collect revenue by a duty on foreign imports, thus imparting to them a character different from that professed by their authors, or from that which, by their provisions and tendency, they appear designed for.. These States are as incapable of duplicity or fraud in their laws, of meaning one thing and professing another, as the purest among their accusers ; and while legitimate and constitutional objects are assigned, and means used which seem' adapted
to such ends, it is illiberal to impute other designs, and to construe their legislation as of a sinister character, which they never contemplated. Thus, on the face of them, these laws- relate exclusively
to the regulation of licensed houses and the sales of an article whichb, especially where retailed in .small quantities, is likely to attract together within the State unusual numbers, and encourage idleness, wastefulness, and drunkenness. · To mitigate, if not prevent, this last evil was undoubtedly th6ir real design.

JANUAIRY TERM, 1847.

627

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Woodbury's Opinion.

From "the first settlement of this country, and in most other nations, ancient or modern, civilized or savage, it has been found useful to discountenance excesses in the use of intoxicating liquor. And
without entering here into the question whether legislation may not, on this as other matters, become at times intemperate, and react injuriously to the salutary objects sought to be piomoted, it is enough to say, under the general aspect of it, that the legislation here is neither novel nor extraordinary, nor apparently designed to promote .other objects than physical, social, and moral improvement: On the contrary, its tendency clearly is to reduce family expenditures, secure health, lessen pauperism and crime, and co-
operate with, rather than cotnteract, the apparent policy of the general government itself in respect to the disuse of ardent spirit.
They aim, then, at a right object. They are calculated to promote it. They are adapted to no other. And no other, or sinister, or improper view can, therefbre, either with delicacy or truth, be imputed to them.
But I go further on this point than some of the court, and wish to meet the case in front,-and in its worst bearings. If, as in the view of some, these license laws were really in the nature of partial or entire prohibitions to gell certain articles within the limits of a
State, as being dangerous to public health and morals, or were virtual taxes on them as State property in a fair ratio with other taxation, it does not seem to me that their conflict with the constitution wouli, by any means, be clear. Taking for granted,.till the contrary appears, that the real design in passing them for such purposes is the avowed one, and especially while their provisions are suited to effect the professed object, and nothing beyond that, and dQ not apply to persons or things, except where within the limits of State territory, they wouldjappear entirely defensible as a matter
of right, though prohibiting sales. Whether such laws" of the States as to licenses are to be classed
as police measures, or as regulations of their internal commerce, or as taxation merely, imposed on local property and local business, and are to be justified by each or by all of them together, is of little Consequence, if they are laws which from their nature and
object must belong to all sovereign states..- Call them by whatever name, if they are necessary to the well-being and independence of all communities, they remain among the reserved rights of the States, no express grant of them to the general government having been either proper, or apparently embraced in the constitution. So, whether they conflict or not indirectly and slightly with some regulations of foreign commerce, after the subject-matter of that commerce touches the soil or waters within the limits of a State, is not perhaps very material, if they do not really relate to that commerce, or any other topic within the jurisdiction of the
general government.

628

SUPREME COURT. *

License Cases.-Mrp- Justice Woodbury's Opinion.

As a general rule, the power of a State over all matters not granted away must be as full in the bays, ports, and harbours within her territory, intrafauces terrws, as on her wharves and shores, or interior soil. And there can be little check on such legislation, bbyond the discretion of each State, if we consider the great conservative reserved powers of the States, in their quarantine or health systems, in the regulation of their internal commerce, in their authority over taxation, and, in short, every local measure necessary to protect themselves, against persons or things dangerous to their peace and their morals.
It is conceded that the States may exclude pestilence, either to the body or mind, shut out the plague or cholera, and, no less, obscene paintings, lottery tickets,.and convicts. Holmes v. Jennison et al., 14 Peters, 568; 9 Wheat. 203; 11 Peters, 133. How can they be sovereign within their, respective spheres, without power to regulate all their.internal commerce, as well as police, and; direct how, when, and where it shall be conducted in articles inti-
mately connected either with public morals, or public safety, or the public prosperity ? See Vattel, B. 1, ch. 19, §§ 219, 231.
The list of interdicted articles and persons is a long one in most European governments, and, though in some cases not very judicious or liberal, is in others most commendable ; and the exclusion of opium from China is an instance well known in As;a, and kindred in its policy. The introduction and storage of gunpowder in large quantities is one of those aticles long regulated and forbidden here. New York v. ,iln, 11 Peters, 102. Lottery tickets and indecent prints are also a common subject of prohibition almopt" everywhere. 6 Greenleaf, 412 ; 4-Blackford, 107. See the tariff of 1842 ; 5 Stat. at Large, 566, § 28, And 'why not cards, dice, and other hstruments for gaming, when thought necessary to suppress that vice ? In short, on what principle but this rests the justification of the States to prohibit gaming itself, wagers, champerty, forestalling, - not to speak of the debatable cases of usury, marriage brokage bonds, 'and many other matters deemed either
impolitic or criminal ? It might not comport with the usages or laws of nations to. im-
pose mere transit duties on articles or men passing through a State, and however resorted to in some places and on some occasions, it is usually illiberal, as well as injudiciois. Vattel, B. 8, ch. 10. And if resorted to here, in respect to the business or imports of citizens of other States, might clearly conflict with some pfovisions of the constitution conferring on them equal rights, and be a regulation of the commerce between the States, the power over which they have expressly granted to the general government. But the
present case is not of that character. Nor would it be, if prohibiting sales within the acknowledged limits of a State, in cases affecting public morals or public health. Nor 'is there in this case

ANUARY TERM, 1847.

629

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Woodbury's Opinion.

any complaint, either by a foreign merchant or foreign nation, that treaties are broken ; or by any of our own States or by Congress,
that its acts or the constitution have been violated. There are additional illustrations of such powers, existing on
general principles in all independent states, given in Puffendorf, B. 8, ch. 5, § 30, as well as in various other writers on national law. And those exercised under what he terms " sovereign or transcendental propriety" "(§ 7th), and those which we class under the right of " eminent domain," are recognized in the fifth amendment to the constitution itself, and go far beyGnd this.
Much more is there an authority to forbid sales, where an authority exists both to seize and destroy the article itself, as is often
the case at quarantine. So the power to-forbid the sale of things is surely as extensive,
and rests on as broad pripciples of public security and sound morals,
as that to exclude persons. And yet who does not know that slaves have been prohibited admittance by many of our States, whether coming from their neighbours or abroad ? And which of them cannot forbid their soil from being polluted by incendiaries
and felons from any quarter'? Nor is there in my view any power conferred on the general gov-
ernment which has a right to 'control this matter of internal commerce or police, while it is fairly exercised so as to accomplish a legitimate object, and by ineans adapted legally and suLlitably to such end alone. New .Hampshirehas, for many years, made it penal to bring" into her limits paupers even from other States ; and this is. believed to be a power exercised widely in Europe among inde-
pendent nations, as well as in this country among the States. New
Hampshire Revised Statutes, Paupers, 140. It is the undoubted and reserved power of every State here, as a
political body, to decide, independent of any proviisions made by Congress, though subject not to conflict with any of them when rightful, who shall compose its population, who become its residents, who its. citizens, who enjoy the privileges of its laws, and be entitled. to their protection and favor, and what kind of property and business it will tolerate and protect. And nb one government,
or its agents or navigators, possess any right to make another State, against its consent, a penitentiary, or hospital, or poor-house farm for its wretched outcasts, or a receptacle for its poisons to health, and instruments of gambling and debaucheryw Indeed, this court has deliberately said,'-" We entertain no doubt whatsoever, that the States, in virtue of their general police power, possdss full ju-
risdiction to arrest and restrain runaway slaves, and remove them from their borders, and otherwise to secure themselves against their depredations and evil example, as they certainly may do in cases of idlers, vagabonds, and pauper." Prigg v. Pennsylvania, 16
Peters, 625. 53*

630

SUPREME COURT.

Lice'nse Cases.-Mr. -Justice Woodbury's Opinion.

There may be some doubt whether the general government or each State possesses the prohibitory power, as to persons or property of certain kinds, from coming into 'the limits of the State. But it
must exist sohmewhere ; and it seems to me rather a police power, belonging to the States, and to be exercised in the manner best
suited to the tastes' and institutions of each, than one anywhere granted or proper to the peculiar duties of the general goverriment. Or, if vested in.the latter at all, it is but concurrent. Hence, when the latter prohibited the import of obscene prints in the tariff c" 1842, it was a novelty, and was considered by some more properly
to be left to the States, as it opened the door to a prohibition, or to prohibitory duties, to many articles by the general govrnment which some States might desire, but others not wish to come in as competitors to their own manufactures. But, as previously shown,
to prohibit sales is not the same power, nominally or in substance,
as to prohibit imports. It is possible, that, under our system of double governments over
one and the same people, the States bannit prohibit the mere arrival of vessels and cargoes which they may deani dangerous in character to their public peace, or public morals, or general, health: This might, perhaps, trench on foreign commerce. Nor can they *tax' them as imports. This might trench on that part of the constitution which forbids States to lay duties on imports. But after articles have come within the territorial limits of States, whether on land or water, the destruction- itself of what contains disease and death, and the longer continuance of such articles within their limits, or the. terrs and conditions, of their continuance, when conflicting with their legitimate police, or with their power over internal com-
merce, or with their right of taxation over all persons and property under their protection and jurisdiction, seems one of the first principles of State sovereignty, and indispensable to public safety. Such extraordinary powers, I concede, are to be exercised with caution, and only when necessary or clearly justifiable in.emergencies, on sound and constitutional principles; and, if used too often, or indiscreetly, would open a door to inudh abuse. 'But the powers seem clearly to exist in the States, and ought to'remain ther6; and though, in this instance, they are not used to this extent, but still, as respectable minorities within these three States
believe' not to be useful, and as some othei States do not think deserving imitation, yet they are used as the competent and constitutiorial power within each has judged to be proper for its own welfare, and as does not appear to be repugnant to any part of the
constitution, or a treaty, or an act of Congress. They must, therefore, not be interfere4"with by this court, and the more especially
as one reason why these powers have been left with the States is, that the subject-matter &fthem is' bettef 'understood by each State than by the Union ; andthe 'policy and opinions and usages of one

JANUARY TERM; 1847.

631

License Cases.-Mr. Justice Grier's Opinion.

State in relation to some of them may be very unlike those-of others, 4nd therefore require a different system of legislation. Where can such a power, also be safer lodged than with those public bodies, oi States, who are themselves to be the greatest sufferers in interest and character by an improper use of it ? If. it should happen 4t any time to be exeteised injudiciously, that circumstance would furnish a ground for an appeal rather to the intelligence and prudence of the State, in respect to its modification or ·epeal, than an authority for this court, by a writ of error, to interere with We well-considered decision of a State court, and reverse
it, and pronounce a State law null and void, merely on that account.
Many State laws are such, that their expediency and justice may be doubted'widely, and by this tribunal; but this confers no authori-
ty on us to nullify them ; nor is any such authority, for sucha cause,
conferred on Congress by any part of the constitution. The States stand properly on their reserved rights, within their
own powers and sovereignty, to judge of the expediency and wisdom of their own laws.; and while they take care not to violate
clearly any portion of the constitution or -statutes of the general
govemment, our duty to that constitution and laws; aid our respect
for State rights,. must require us not to interfere.

Mr. Justice GRIER.,
I concur with my brethren in affirming the judgment in this and the preceding cases on the same subject, buf for reasons differing somewhat from those expressed by the other members of the court ; and as I concurred mainly with the opinion- delivered 'by Mr. Justice McLean in the case of Thurlow b. Massachusetts, I bad concluded to be silent, and therefore am not prepared to express my views at length. I take this occasion, however, to remark, that the true question presented by these cases, and one which I am not disposed to evade, is, whether the States have a right to prohibit the sale and consumption of an .article of commerce which they believe to be pernicious in its effects, and the cause of'disease, pauperism, and crime. I do not. corisider the question of the exclusiveness of the power of Congress to regulate commerce asnecessarily connected with the decision of this point;
It has been frequently decided by this couft, " that' the powers which relate to merely municipal regulations, or what may more properly be called internal police, are not surreniiered by the States, or restrained by the constitution of the United States ;'and thdt tonsequently, in relation to these, the authority of a State is complete, unqualified, and conclusive." Withotit attempting to define what are the peculiar subjects or limits of this power, it may safely be affirmed, that every law for the restraint and punishment- of crime, for the preservation of the public peace, health, andmorals, must come within this category.

632

SUPREME COURT.

License Ctisss.-Order of Court.

As subjects of legislation, they are from their very nature of primary importance ; they lie at the foundation of social existence ; they are for the protection of life and liberty, and necessarily compel all laws on subjects of secondary importance, which relate only to property, convenience, or luxury, to recede, when they come in con-
flict or collision, "1saluspopuli suprema lex." If the right to control these subjects be "complete, unqualified,
and exclusive " in the State legislatures, no regulations of secondary importance can supersede or restrain their operations, on any
ground of prerogative or supremacy. The exigencies of the social compact require that such laws be executed before and above all others.
It is for this reason that quarantine laws, which protect the public health, compel mere commercial regulations to submit to their control. They restrain the liberty of the passengers, they operate on the ship which is the instrument of commerce, and its
officers and crew, the agents of navigation. They seize the infected cargo, and cast it overboardi The soldier and the sailor, though in the service of the government, are arrested, imprisoned, and
punished for their offences against society. Paupers and convicts
are refused admission into the country. All these things are done,. not from any power which the States assume to regfilate commerce
or to interfere with the regulations of Congress, but because police laws for the presei-vation of health, prevention of crime, and protection .of the public welfare, must of necessity have full and free Operation, according to the exigency which requires.their interference.
It is not necessary for the sake of .justifying the State legislation now under consideration to array the appalling statistics of misery, pauperism, and crime which have their origin in the use or abuse of ardent spirits. The police power, which is exclusively in the States, is alors competent to the correction of these great
evils, and all measures of restraint or prohibition necessary to effect the purpose are within the scope of that authority. There is no
conflict of power, or of .legislation, as between the States and the United States; each is acting within its sphere, and for the public good, and if a loss of revenue should accrue to the United States
from a diminished consumption of ardent spirits, she will, be the gainer, a thousandfold in the health, wealth, and happiness of the
people.

Order.
SAMUEL THURLOW v. THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSA-
CHUSETTS.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Supreme Judicial Court, holden in and for the county of Essex, in the Commonwealth of, Massachusetts, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and ad-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

633

License Cases. - Order of Court.

judged by this court, that the judgment of the said Supreme Judicial Court'in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with. costs.

Order.
JOEL FLETCHER v. THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND AND
PROVIDENCE PLANTATIONS.
This cause came on to be" heard on the transcript of the record from the Supreme Court of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, holden at Providence, Within and for the county of Providence, -and was argued by counsel. On consid ion whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Supreme Court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

Order.
ANDREW PEIRCE, JUNIOR, 'AND THOMAs W. PEIIRCE, v. THE STATE OF NEw HAMP'SHIRE.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Superior Court of Judicature in and-for the first judicial district of the State of New Hampshire, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the. said Superiqr Court of Judicature in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

215

Jones v. Van Zandt.

ceed to final judgment, the Supreme Court having no power to give a judgment of ouster, in the shape in which the case came before it.
Inasmuch, therefore, as there has been no final judgment, the writ of error from this court must be dismissed for want of jurisdiction. And being dismissed on this ground, it is unnecessary to examine the other objections which have been taken in support of the motion.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Supreme Court of the Territory of Iowa, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, and it appearing to the court here upon an inspection of said transcript that 'the judgment of the said Supreme Court is not a final one in the case, it is thereupon now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that this writ of error be and the same is hereby dismissed for the want of jurisdiction.

.WHARTON JONES, PLAINTIFF, V. JOHN VAN ZANDT.
Under the fourth section of the -ct of 12th February, 1793, respecting fugitives from justice, and persons escar,.ig from the service of their master, on a charge for barbouring and concealing fugitives from labor, the notice need not be in writing by the claimant or his agent, stating that such person is a fugitive from labor under the third section of the above act, and served on the person harbouring or concealing such fugitive, to make him liable to the penalty of five hundred dollars under the act.
Such notice, if not in writing and served as aforesaid, may be given verbally by the claimant or his agent to the person who harbours or conceals the fugitive; and to charge him under the statute a general notice to the public in a newspaper is not necessary.
Clear proof of the knowledge of the defendant, by his own confession or otherwise, that he knew the colored person was a slave and fugitive from labor, though he may have acquired such knowledge from the slave himself, or otherwise, is sufficient to charge him with notice.
Receiving the fugitive from labor at three o'clock in the morning, at a place in the State of Ohio about twelve miles distant from the place in Kentucky where the fugitive was held to labor, from a certain individual, and transporting him in a closely covered wagon twelve, or fourteen miles, so that the boy thereby escaped pursuit. and his services were thereby lost to his master, is a harbouring or concealing of the fugitive within the statute.
A transportation unde' the above circumstances, though the boy should be recaptured by his master, is a harbouring or concealing of him within the statute.
Such a transportation, in such a wagon, whereby the services of the boy were entirbly lost to his master, is a harbouring of him within the statute.
A claim of the fugitive from the person harbouring or concealing him need not precede or accompany the notice.
Any overt act so marked in its character as to show an intention to elude the vigilance of the master or his agent, and which is calculated to attain such an object, is a harbouring of the fugitive within the statute.
In this particularcase, the first and second'counts contain the necessary averments, that Andrew, the colored man, escaped from tne State of Kentucky into the State of Ohio.

216

.SUPREME "COURT.

Jones-v. Van* Zandt..

They also contain the necessary averments of notice that said Andrew was a fugitive from labor, within the description of the act of Congress.
The averments in the said counts, that the defendant harboured said Andrew, are sufficient.
Said counts are otherwise sufficient., The act of Congress, approved February 12,1793, is not tepugnant to the consti-
tution of the United States. The said act is not repugnant to the ordinance of Congress, adopted July, 1787,
entitled, "An Ordinance for the Government of the- Territory of the United States northwest of the River Ohio."

.THIs case came up from the Circuit Court of the United States for- the District of Ohio, on a certificate of division in opinion between the judges thereof.
It was an action of debt, brought by Jones, a citizen of Ientucky, against Van Zandt, a citizen of Ohio, for a penalty of five -hundred- dollars, under the act of Congress passed on the 12th of February, 1793, for concealing and harbouring a fugitive slave belonging to the plaintiff. The act is found in 1 Statutes at Large, 302.
The 3d and 4th sections, which were the only ones involved in
this case, are as follows :--
" § 3. Be it enacted, that when a person held to labor in any of the United States, or in either of the Territories on the northwest or south of the river Ohio, under the lairs thereof, shall escape into any other-of the said States or Territory, the person to whom such labor or service may be due, his agent or attorney, is hereby empowered to seize oi arrest such fugitive from labor, and to take him or her before any judge of the Circuit or District Courts of the United States, residing or being within the State, or before any magistrate of a county, city, or town corpdrate, wherein such arrest or.seizure shall be made ; and,-upon proof to the satisfaction of such judge or magistrate, either by oral testimony or iffidavit taken 'before and certified by a magistrate of any such State or Territory, that the person so seized or arrested doth, under the laws of the State or Territory from which he or she fled, owe service or labor to the person claiming him or her, it shall be the duty of such judge or magistrate to give a certificate thereof to such claimant, his agent or attorney, which shall be a sufficient warrant for removing the said fugitive from labor to the State or Territory from which he or she
fled. "§ 4. That any person who shall knowingly and villingly ob-
struct or hinder such claimant, his agent or attorney, in so seizing or arresting such fugitive from labor, or shall rescue such fugitive from such claimant, his agent or attorney, wh'en so arrested, pursuant to the authority herein given or declared, or shall harbour or conceal such person, after notice that he or she was a fugitive from labor as aforesaid, shall, fpr either of the said offences, forfeit and-pay, the sum of five hundred dollars -;which penalty may be recovered by and for the benefit of such claimant, by action of

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

21'7

Jones v. Van Zandt.

debt, in any-court proper to try. the same ; saving, moreover, to the person claiming such labor or service his right of action for or on account of the said injuries, or either of them."
The suit was brought in the Circuit Court of Ohio, in June, 1842. The declaration consisted of four counts, the two last of which were abandoned in the progress of the cause. -As the re-
maining two - viz, the first and the second - are commented upon by the court, it is deemed- proper to insert them. They are as follows

"First Count. - Concealing.
"Wharton Jonds, a citizen of, and resident in Kentucky, by Charles Fox, his attorney, complains of John Van Zandt, a citizen of, and resident in Ohio, was summoned to answer unto the plaintiff in a plea of debt ; for that, whereas, a certain person, to wit, Andrew, aged about thirty years, Letta, aged about thirty years,. on the 23d day of May, in the year eighteen hundred and forty-two, at Boone county, in the State of Kentucky, was the slave of, and in possession of the plaintiff, and his property, and owed service and was held to labor to the plaintiff by the laws of Kentucky, unlawfully, wrongfully, and unjustly, without thq license or consent.
and against the will of the plaintiff, departed and -went away from, and out of the service of the plaintiff, at said Boone county, and came to the defendant at Hamilton county, in the State and district of Ohio, and was there a fugitive from labor ; and the defendant, well knowing that said Andrew was the slave of the plaintiff, and a fugitive from labor, yet afterwards, to wit, on the day and year aforesaid, at said district, contriving, and unlawfully and unjustly intending to injure the plaintiff, and to deprive him of said slave, and
of his service, and of the profits, benefits, and advantages that might and would otherwise have arisen and accrued to him' from.said slave
and his service, did then and there, and there knowingly and willingly, wrongfully, unjustly, and unlawfully receive the said slave of the plaintiff into his service, and knowingly and willingly harbour, detain, conceal, and keep the said slave, in consequence of which -the plaintiff lost said slave, and was deprived of his services and of all benefits, profits, and advantages which might and would have arisen and accrued to him from such slave and his service, contrary to the statute of the United States in sclh case made and provided, whereby the aefenflant forfeited the sum of five hundred dollars to and for.the use of the plaintiff ; yet the defendant, though often requested, has not paid the same, nor any part thereof."

1 Second. - Concealing.

"And also for that, whereas, on the day and year aforesaid, at

said Boone -county, a certain person, to wit, Andrew'v, aged about

thirty years, was the slave of, and in the possession of the plaintiff,

voL. v.

19

218

SUPREME COURT.

Jones v. Van Zandt.

and his property, and owed service, and was held to labor to the plaintiff by the laws of the State of Kentucky, did unlawfully, wrongfully, and unjustly, without the license or consent and against the will of the plaintiff, depart and go away from and out of his
service, to wit, at Boone county aforesaid, and came to Hamilton
county in the State and district of Ohio, to the defendant ; and the defendant had notice that the said Andrew was the slave of the plaintiff, and a fugitive from labor ; yet afterwards, to wit, on the day and year aforesaid, at the district aforesaid, contriving, and wrongfully and unjustly intending to injure the plaintiff, and deprive him of the said slave, and of his service, then and there, on the day and year aforesaid, at the district aforesaid, knowingly and willingly, unjustly, wrongfully, and unlawfully conceal the said slave from the plaintiff, in conseqfience of which the plaintiff lost said slave, and
was deprived of his service, and of all profits, benefits, and advantages which might and otherwise would have arisen and accrued to the plaintiff from such slave and his service, contrary to the statute
of the United States in such cases made and provided, whereby the defendant forfeited the sum of five hundred dollars, to and for the use of the plaintiff. Yet, though often requested, he has not paid
the same, nor any part thereof."

The defendant pleaded the general issue, and in July, 1843, thQ cause came on for trial. The jury found a verdict for the plain-
tiff. The substance of the evidence given upon the trial was agreed upon by.the counsel who argued the cause in this court, as will be
seen by the following, viz. : -

" The undersigned, of counsel respectively for Jones and Van
Zandt, now under submission to the court, agre that the statement of the evidence as contained in the opinicn of his Honor, the circuit judge, on the trial below, shall be ixen and considered by the court in the same manner as if it wereia part of the record, and certified by the. Circuit Court. J. H. MOREHEAD,

"26th February, 1847.

Of counsel for Jones.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Of counsel for defenddtt, Van Zandt."

Te evidence thus adopted by agreement was stated by Mr. Justice McLean, in the trial below, as follows. See 2 McLean's
Reports, 697. "IJones, a witness called by the plaintiff, stated that the plaintiff
owned nine negroes (naming them), and resided in Boone county,
Kentucky. That the greater part of them were born his, and that he purchased the others. That on Saturday evcning, the 23d of April, 1842, about nine o'clock, he was at the house of the plaintiff, and saw the negroes ; the n6xt day, at about 12 o'clock, he saw the

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

219

Jones v. Van Zandt.

same negroes, with the exception of two of them,. in the jail at Covington. The plaintiff lives .ten miles below Covington. Jackson, one of the absent negroes, returned in a few days ; but Andrew remained absent, and has not been reclaimed.
" The plaintiff paid a reward to the persons who returned the negroes, of four hundred and fifty dollars, and other expenses which were incurred, amounting in the whole to about the sum of six hundred dollars. Andrew was about thirty years old, and his services were worth to the plaintiff six hundred dollars. That he could be sold in Kentucky for that sum.
" Several other witnesses corroborated the statements of this witness, as to the ownership of the negroes, the reward paid, and the value of the services of Andrew.
"lHefferman, a witness, stated, that he lives in Sharon, thirteen
miles north of Cincinuati, on the road to Lebanon. That on Sunday morning, a little after daylight, he saw a wagon which was rapidly passing through Sharon. It was covered, and both the hind
and fore part of the wagon were closed ;. a colored man was driving it. He knew the wagon belonged to the defendant, and his suspi-
cion was excited. The witness, and one Hargrave, another witness, started, in a short time, in pursuit of the wagon. They overtook it near Bates's, about six miles from Sharon. The-defendant
lives near Sharon. On coming up with the wagon, the boy driving it was ordered by Hargrave to stop ; he checked the horses, but a voice from within the wagon directed the boy to drive over him.
The wagon horses were then whipped, running against Hargrave's horse, which threw him off. The horses were driven in a run
some two hundred yards; but at length were overtaken by the witness, 'who, seizing the reins of the horses,. drew them up into a corner of a fence. The driver jumped off and ran some distance;
Van Zandt, the defendant, then came out of the wagon, and took the lines, but the witness refused to let the horses proceed. Eight negroes were in the wagon; one of them, called Jackson, and An-
drew, the driver, escaped; the other seven were brought back to
Covington, and lodged in jail.
"Hargrave, - accompanied the above, witness in pursuit of the wagon, which he knew to belong to the defendant. Being ac-
quainted with the defendant, he knew it to be his voice which directed the colored boy to drive over the witness. That the wagon tongue being driven against the horse of the witness, he was thrown, and the wagon horses vere driven on the run, until over-
taken and stopped. Seeing the defendant- in the wagon, with the negroes, the witness asked him if he did not know they were slaves. The defendant replied, that he knew they were slaves, but that they were born free. He said be was going to Springboro', a village in
Warren county. This witness, and also Hefferman, stated the amount paid as a reward, for bringing the negroes to Covington, as
above.

220

SUPREME COURT.

Jones v. Van Zandt.
.41 Hume, -very early on Sunday morning saw the wagon mov-
ing very rapidly, and two men on horseback pursuing it, near Bates's. Looked into the wagon, after it was stopped, and saw the defendant in it, with the negroes. He was asked if he did not
know that they were slaves, and he replied, that by nature they were as free as any one. Witness took the negroes to Covington in a wagon. Some time after this, he saw the defendant, who said to him, 'If you had let me alone, the negroes would have been free, but now they are in bondage.' And the defendant said it was a Christian act to take slaves and set them at liberty.
" Bates, a witness, states that he went to the wagon after it had been stopped, looked into it, and saw the defendant with the negroes. The witness said, ' Van Zandt, is that you ? have you a load of runaways ?' The defendant replied, ' They are, by nature, as free.as you and I. The witness heard the defendant say that, having been at market in the city of Cincinnati, he returned to Lane Seminary, a distance of two or three miles, to spend the night with Mr. Moore. That he left his wagon standing in the road, and when he came to it, about three o'clock the next morning, he found. the negroes standing near it ; that he did not know how they came there, or where they wished to go. He had no conversation with them. He geared his horses, hitched them to the wagon, and the negroes got into it. He afterwards said that he had received the blacks from Mr. Alley.
" McDonald, a witness, stated that he heard the defendant say he received the negroes on Walnut Hills, the same place as Lane Seminary. That, at three o'clock on Sunday morning, he found the negroes standing nedr his wagon, in the road ; they got into it; and he started for home. That he rose early to have the cool of the morning. Defendant said he had done right. That he would at all times help his fellow-man out of bondage ; and that what he had done he would do again.
" Thurman, a.witness, stated that he saw the defendant in the wagon *ith the negroes, the cover closed behind and before. The defendant said to Hefferman, the negroes ought to be free, but he knew they were not. The defendant lives at Sharon, and this was six or seven miles beyond, on the road to Lebanon."
After the rendition of the verdict in the court below, the counsel for the 'defendaht filed reasons in support of a motion for a neyv trial, and also reasons in support of a motio for arrest of judgment, which were, respectively, as follows, vL. -:

JOHN VANZANPT ads. WHARTON JONES.
Circuit ,Courtof United States, 7th Circuit and District of Ohio. - In Debt. - Verdict $ 500.
The defendant, John Van Zandt, by his counsel, moves the court for a new trial, and assigns the following reasons :-

JANUARY TERM, 1&47.

221

Jones v. Van Zandt

1. The court erred in chargingthejury that it was not necessary to prove that the defendant intentionally placed the colored persons in question out of view, for the .purpose of eluding the search of the. master or his agent, in order to establish the fact of concealment, orto prove that he received, sheltered, and placed them out of view for said purpose, in order to establish the, fact of harbouring ; but charged that it was sufficient, if the jury believed, from the evidence, that the defendant reeeived the colored persons into his wagon, and transported them to Bates's from Walnut Hills, with intent to facil-
itate their escape from their master. 2. The codrt erred in charging the jury that it was not necessary,
in order to establish the plaintiff's right to recover, to prove actual notice to the defendant from the claimant, or some one acting in his behalf, that the persons alleged to, be harboured or concealed by him were fugitives from labor, within the meaning of the adt of Congress ; but charged, that it was sufficient if the jury should be satisfied, from the evidence, that the defendant knew that such persons
were fugitives from labor.
3. The verdict is against evidence.
4. The verdict is against law.
CHASE & BALL, Attorntysfor .?ef!t,

JOHN VAN ZANDT ads. WHARTON JONEs.
Circuit Court of United Stateg, .7th Circuit and District of
OAio. - In Delt.
The defendant, by his counsel, moves the court to arrest judgment on the verdict rendered in this cause for the following reasons :-
I. Because the plaintiff's declaration, and the allegations therein contained, are insufficient in law to warrani said judgment. -
1. In this, that in no count of said declaration has the plaintiff averred that the person or persons therein described as fugitives from labor were held to service under the laws of the State of Kentucky, and, being so held, escaped from that State into the State of Ohio.
2. In this, that the act of Congress referred to in said declaration is unwarranted by, or repugnant to, the constitution of the United States, and therefore null and void.
3. That the said act, so far as-it applies to the case made in the plaintiff's declaration, is repugnant to the sixth article of the ordinance for the government of the territory of the United. States northwest of the river Ohio, and therefore, so far, null and void.
4. In other respects. II. Because"the verdict rendered by the jury is general, whereas it ought to have been confined to the good count, or counts, in said declaration.
CHASE & BALL, .Atorneysfor Def' ,

222

SUPREME COURT.

Jones v. Van Zandt.

In order to bring-these questions before the Supreme -Court, the judges below differed pro forma, and a certificate was made out, showing that their opinions were opposed on the folfowing points :-
First. Whether, under the 4th section of the act of 12th February, 1793, "respecting fugitives from justice, and persons escaping from the service of their masters, on a charge for harbouring and conbealing a fugitive from labor," the notice must be in writing by the claimant, or his agent, stating that such person is a fugitive
from -labor, under the 3d section of the above act,'and served on the person harbouring or concealing such fugitive, to makd him liable
to the penalty of five hundred dollars under the.act. Secondly. Whether such notice, if not in writing and served as
aforesaid, must be given 'verbally by the claimant or his agent to the person who harbours or conceals the fugitive ; or whether, to charge him under the statute, a general notice to the public in a newspaper is nece.ssary.
Thirdly. Whether clear proof of the nowledge of the defendant, by his own confession or otherwise, that he knew the colored person was a slave and fugitive from labor, though he may have acquired such knowledge from the slave himself, or otherwise, is not sufficient to charge him with notice.
Fourthly. Whether receiving the fugitive from labor at three o'clock in the morning, at a place in the State of Ohio about twelve miles distant from the place in Kentucky where the fugitive was held to labor, from a certain individual' and transporting him in a closely covered wagon twelve or fourteen miles, so that the boy thereby escaped pursuit, and his services were thereby lost to his
master, is not a barbouring or concealing of the fugitive within the statute.
Fifthly. Whether a transportation, under the above circumstances, though the boy should be recaptured by his master, is not a harbouring or concealing of him within the statute.
Sixthly. Whether such a transportation, in an open wagon, whereby the services of the boy were entirely lost to his master is not a harbouring of him within the statute.
Seventhly. Whether a claim of the fugitive from the person harbouring or concealing him must precede or accompany the notice.
Eighthly. Whether any overt act, so marked in its character as to show an inte1ntion to elude the vigilance of the master or his agent, and which is calculated to attain such an object, is a bar·bouring of the fugitive within the statute.
The cause having progressed, and the jury brought in their ver-. -dict, the defendant moved in arrest of judgment, and assigned sun.. dry reasons in support of his motion, on some of which points the opinions of the judges were opposed, to wit -
First. Whetlar the first and second counts contain the necessary

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

223

Jones v. Van Zandt.

averments, that Andew, the colored man, escaped from the State of Kentucky into the State of Ohio.
Secondly. Whether said counts contain the necessary averments of notice that said Andrew was a fugitive from labor, within the description of the act of Congress.
Thirdly. Whether the aveiments in said counts, that the defendant harboured said Andrew, are sufficient.
Fourthly. Whether said counts are otherwise sufficient. Fifthly. Whether the act of Congress, approved February 12th, 1793, be repugnant to the constitution of the United States.
Sixthly. Whether said act be repugnant to the ordinance of Congress, adopted July, 1787, entitled, "An ordinance for the
government of the territory of the United States northwest of the
river Ohio."

The case was submitted on printed argument, by.TlIr. Morehead, for the plaintiff, and .11r. Chase and ,Mr. Seward, for the defendant. It is impossible to insert the whole of thesO arguments, as that of Mr. Chase is upwards of 6ne hundred pages, and that of Mr. Seward forty pages, in length.
The points stated and argued by ltr. Chase were the following :-
1. Whether the plaintiff's declaration be sufficient; and, under this head, what are the requisites of notice under the act of 1793 ?
2. What acts constitute the offence of harbouring or concealing, under the statute ?
3. Whether the act of 1793 be consistent with the provisions of the ordinance of July 13, 1787 ?
4. Whether the act of 1793 be not repugnant to the constitution of the United States ?
Mr. Seward stated his points as follows 1. The declaration is insufficient. 2. The evidence was improper and insufficient. 3. The act of 1793, so far as the present subject is involved, is void, because it violates the ordinance of 1787. 4. The act of 1793 conflicts with the constitution of the United States, and is therefore void.

Mr. Justibe WOODBURY delivered the opinion of the court.
This case comes here on a division of opinion in the Circuit Court of Ohio.
The subject-matter of the original 'suit was debt for a penalty of 500, under the act of Congress of February 12th, 1793, for concealing and harbouring a fugitive slave belonging, to the pilaintiff. The certificate of the division of opinion, as will be seen in the record, relates to various questions, arising under two.heads.

224

SUPREME COURT.

Jones v. Van Zandt.

First, on rulings made at the trial, and, secondly, on a motion in
arrest of judgment. These questions extend to the unusual number of fourteen. Not,
however, that the presiding judge in the circuit and his associate entertained strong doubts concerning, the general principles involved in them all, as may be seen in the report of the case, (2 McLean, C. C. 615), but because the questions involved could not otherwise be brought here ; and they possessed so wide and deep an interest, as to render it desirable they should come under the revision 'of this court.
For that purpose, in conformity to what is understood to have been the usage in the circuits, they accommodated the parties by letting a division proforma be entered on all the points presented.
It is not understood that any of them embrace things urged merely as reasons for a a new trial. For if they did, - as such a trial rests in the discretion of the court, and is not a matter of strict right, - a division of opinion in lelation to it furnishes no cause for bringing the case here for our decision on questions certified. United States
v. Daniel], 6 Wheat. 542 ; 4 Wheat. 213; 5 Cranch, 11,187;
.4 Wash. C. C. 333. Before entering on the exanination of the points, ii ill make
several of them more intelligible, if we advert to the clause in the constitution bearing on this subject, and the act of Congress under which the action was instituted.
The former is, that "1No person held to serv:ce or labor in one State, under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of the party to whom such service or labor may be due." - Art. IV., § 2.
In respect to the statute, it wilt not be necessary to repeat here any of it, except portions of the 3d and 4th sections :-
§ 3. " And be it also enacted, That when a person, held to labor in any of the United States or in either of the territories on
the northivest or south of the river Ohio, under the laws thereof,
shall escape into any other of the said States or Territory, the person to whom- such labor or service may be due, his agent or attorney, is hereby empowered to seize or arrest su6h fugitive from"
labor." § 4.-" And be it further enacted, -that any person who shall
knowingly and willingly obstruct or hinder such claimant, his agent or attorney, in so seizing or arresting such fugitive from labor, or shall rescue such fugitive from such claimant, his agent or attorney, when so arrested pursuant to the authority herein given or declared,
or shall harbour or conceal s'uch person, after notice that he. or she was a fugitive from labor, as aforesaid, shall, for either of te said
offences, forfeit and pay the sum of 6ve hundred dollars:" - 1 Statutes dt Large, 303, 305, Act of Feb. 12, 1793.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

225

Jones v. Van Zandt.

The first question at the trial on which a division arose was, in substance, whether the 11 notice "Ireferred to in the 4th section-must

be in writing.

No doubt exists with this court that it may be otherwise than in writing, if it only bring home clearly .to the defendant knowledge
that the person he concealed was " a fugitive from labor." The offence consists in continuing to secrete from the owner
what the acts of Congress and the constitfition, as well as the laws of several of the States, treat, forcertain purposes, as property, after
knowing that claims of property exist in respect to the fugitive.

Now the act of Congress does not, in terms, require the notice to be in writing, nor does the reason of theprovision, nor the evil to

be guarded against, nor any sound analogy.

The reason of the provision is merely, that the party shall have notice or information sufficient to put him on inquiry, whether he is not intermeddling with what belongs to another..

If the information gi-'en to him, orally or in writing, is such as ought to satisfyr a fair-minded man that he is concealing the property
of another, it is his duty under the. constitution and laws-to cease to do it longer. Eades v. Vandeput, 5 East, 39, note ; Blake v.

Lanyon, 6 D. & E. 221.

Such a notice is sufficient also by way of analogy ; as, for instance, notice in relation to a prior claim on property purchased.

The Ploughboy, I Gall. 41 ; 9 Jurist, 649 ; 1 Sumner, C. C. 173 ; 1 Cranch, 45. Or of a prior defence or set-off against a demand assigned to him. Humphries. v. Blight's Assignees, 4 lDall. 370. Or even' in crimes, that the notes or coin one is passing away are

counterfeit.

Any other construction would go, likewise, beyond the evil to be

avoided by the notice, which was 'the punishment of an individual for harbouring or concealing a person, without having reasonable

grounds to believe he was thereby injuring another.

Any other construction, too, would be suicidal to the law itself, as before a notice in writing could be prepared and served on the defendant, the fugitives would be -carried beyond the reach of

recovery in many cases, and in others would have passed into un-

known hands.

This is not a case like some cited in the argument, where the

party prosecuted was not concerned in getting away the apprentice

or person harboured, but merely entertained him afterwards from

hospitality, oi in ignorance of his true character and condition.Then a more formal notice and demand of restoration may be

proper, before suit, in order to remove any doubts as to the condition of the fugitive who is thus entertained, or'the intent of the master to enforce his rights and reclaim his property. 1 Chit. Gen.

Prac. 449. But verbal notice is enough then. East and Durnford & East, just 'cited.

See the. cases in

226

SUPREME I COURT.

Jones v. Van Zandt.

Besides this, the present is a case where the defendant was a partaker in accomplishing the escape itself, like a particeps criminis,
and where the concealment and harbouring wer. not after the escape was over, but during its progress, while the slaves were in transitu;
and where the notice is not exclusively with a view to procure their restoration, but is also an element in the case to show whether the party was, knowingly or ignorantly as to their condition, rendering them assistance to escape by temporarily harbouring or secreting them. So far as regards this point, it is a question merely of scienter. No matter how or whence the kn6wledge came, if it only existed. The concealment here was practised during fresh pursuit to retake the slaves ; and hence, without any formal notice or demand, no doubt could exist as to the wish to reclaim them, as well as the fact of their being slaves. See Hart v. Aldridge, Cowp. 54.
Furthermore, that the defendant has not suffered by the charge to the jury on this point is manifest from his own decla'rations at the time, that he knew the fugitives to he slaves (Jones v. Van Zandt, 2 McLean, C. C. 599), and from the instruction to the jury that this fact must be clearly proved before they ought to convict him (p. 607).
This view of the subject disposes of several other points of division connected with it. Because -very purpose contemplated by the notice is accomplished, without a publication of it previously
in a newspaper, which is the second question. To require such a publication would he entirely arbitrary, and
would still more surely defeat the whole law than to hold the notice must be in writing, and served on the defendant, before he is liable.
So, as to the third question, whether the information be sufficient if acquired from the slave himself, - it is manifest that such a source of information for that fact is one of the most satisfactory, as he has good means of knowing it, and is not likely to admit his want of freedom, unless .it actually exist.
The next question relates to what constitutes concealment or harbouring of a slave, within the meaning of this statute.
It seems from the facts, which by agreement are all those reported in the printed case as tried in the court below (2 McLean, 596), as well as those inserted in this record, that several slaves, owned by the plaintiff in Kentucky, escaped from him and fled to Ohio, adjoining, and, aided by some person not named," and when about twelve miles distant from their master's residence, were taken into a covered wagon by the defendant in the night, and driven with speed twelve or fourteen miles, so that one was neyer retaken, though fresh suit was made for the whole.
Now, whatever technical definition may exist of the word conceal or harbour, as applied to apprentices or other subjects, no

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

227

Jones v. Van Zandt.

doubt can exist, that these words and their derivatives must here be construed in reference to the matter of the. statute, and the nature of the offence to be punished.
These show this offence to consist often in assistance to escape, and reach speedily some distant place, where the master cannot find or reclaim such fugitives, rather than in detaining them long in the neighbourhood, or secreting them about one's premises.
We see ntohing, then, in the facts here, or in the instruction of the judge on them, secundum subjectam materiam, which shows
this case not to have been, as the jury found it to be, one .vithin the manifest design of the statute against harbouring and concealing persons who were fugitives from labor, after notice, or full knowledge of their character.
Indeed, the general definition of the word harbourin 1 Bouvier, 460, as quoted by the defendant's counsel, - saying nothing as to the authority of that work, - is such as to be fully covered by the facts in this case, as stated in the record, and as found by the jury. It is, - ' to receive clandestinely, and without lawful authority, a person for the purpose of concealing him, so that another, having the right to the lawful custody of such person, shall be deprived of
the same." There was a clandestine reception of the slaves, and without
lawful ,authority, and a concealment of them in a covered wagon, and carrying them onward and away, so as to deprive the owner of their custody. " To harbour" is also admitted in the argument often to mean" to-secrete." Such is one of the established definitions by the best lexicographers. Yet here they were secreted, not only, as just stated, by being placed in a covered wagon, and
carried to a greater distance from their master, but it was done rapidly, and in part under the shades of night.
That no mistake on this p6int occurred at the trial is likewise manifest from the fact, that the 'judge charged the jury, the defendant must not be considered as harbouring or concealing the slaves, unless his conduct was such, ".as not only to show an intention to elude the vigilance of the master, but such as is calculated to attain that object." 2 McLean, C. C. 615.
Nor can the recovery of one of the slaves afterwards, who was thus concealed and transported, vary the previous fact of secreting and harbouring him. That is the fifth inquiry. The ansxwer to the sixth is involved in that to the fourth and fifth ; as is an answer to the seventh in that 'to the first question. Because, if the notice need not come from the claimant himself, nor be in writing, it need not be preceded or accompanied by a claim, which is the seventh inquiry. A claim subsequently made must be equally valid with one before the notice, whether looking to the reason of the case, or the language of the statute.
The gist of the offence consists in the concealment of another's

228

SUPREME COURT.

Jones v. Van Zandt.

property, under knowledge that it belongs to another, and not in a claim being previously made and refused. That refusal might constitute a separate wrong, or be another species of evidence to prove
a harbouring of the slave, but it is not the offence itself, for which the penalty now sued for is imposed.
The eighth and last question under this bead seems to be an abstract proposition, and does not refer to any particular facts in the case. But if it-,was laid down in relation to some of them, as it must be presumed to have been in order to make it a proper subject for a division of opinion, to be reconsidered her6, we are not aware of any thing objectionable in it. The "1overt act" spoken of was required to be one both intended and calculated to elude the master's vigilance. If so, it showed acts and designs of the defendant,
which in the words and spirit of the statute amount or tend directly to "harbour or conceal"' the fugitive from labor.
We shall now proceed to the points of division in respect.to the motion in arrest. They are, firstly, whether the counts contain the necessary averments, that the slave Andrew escaped from Ken-
tucky to Ohio. . It is admitted that, this prosecution being a penal one, the decla-
ration niust bring it within the statute clearly, whether looking to its language or spirit. Dwarri§on Statutes, 736 ; .5 Dane's Abr. 244, § 8 ; Simmons's case, 4 Wash. C. C. 397. It is not necessary to multiply authorities on so elementary a proposition.
On turning to the counts, however, it will be seen that they allege the residence of the plaintiff in Kentucky, - the ownership by him of these slaves, held to labor there, - and their "unlaw-
fully," and "1withoat his consent," going from'that place to Ohio, as " fugitives from labor." All -these allegations combined, and not merely the going away, are a clear and sufficient averment of an escape of the slave Andrew under the first objection in arrest.
If they contain sufficient matter to show an escape, it need not be alleged in the very words, ipsissimis verbis, of the statute. 1 Chit. P1. 357; The King v. Stevens et al., 5 East, 244.
The ungrammatical use of the word " was "-for "were," in speaking of both slaves, is'urged as an uncertainty which vitiates
this part of the declaration. But no one can doubt that both are referred to, and the moreespecially after a verdict: As to what is thus covered by a verdict, see Garland v. Davies, 4 How. 131, and the cases there cited, and 11 Wend. 374.
The second point certified under the motion in arrest is, whether the 1,counts contain the necessary averments of notice that said Andrew was a fugitive from labor within'the description of the act
of Congress."
We cannot doubt that they do, when the first count alleges that said Andrew was in Ohio, " a fugitive from labor, and the defendant, well knowing that said Andrew was the slave of the plaintiff, and a fugitive from labor," &e., did harbour and conceal him.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

229

Jones v. Van Zandt.

So in respect to the -third question connected with the arrest of

judgment, which is, whether the averments are sufficient under the

statute as to harbouring the slave Andrew, the answer can be but

one way. However strict the construction should be, yet the count

alleges, in so many words, that the defendant did "knowingly and

wilfully harbour, detain, conceal, and keep said slave."

Under the fourth general objection of insufficiency in the -declara-

sion, no specific point, not otherwise designated, has been.called to

our attention, except that all the. acts alleged in the d~claration are

not said to be "contrary to the statute." This last expression

follows the concluding portion of the count, and this expression

may be necessary in a penal declaration. Lee v. Clark, 2 East,

33 ; 1 Gall. 259, 265, 271 ; 1 Chit. P1. 358.

But all know, that where it is inserted at the end of a declaration

or indictment, it does not, as a general rile, relate to the last pre-

ceding averments alone, but the whole subject-matter before alleged

to constitute an offence. It is all' that misconduct which is contrary

to the statute, and not the concluding part of it only.

It remains to consider the fifth and sixth divisions of opinion~under

this head. They are, whether the act of Congress, under which

the action is brought, is repugnant either to the constitution, or the

ordinance "for the government of the territory northwest of the

river Ohio."

This court has already, after much deliberation, decided that the

act of February 12th, 1793, was not repugnant to the constitution.

The reasons. for their opinion are fully explained by Justice Story

in Prigg v. Pennsylvania, 16 Peters, 611.

In .coming to that conclusion they were fortified by the idea, that

the const:tution itself, in the clause before cited, fiung its shield, for

security, over- such property as is in controversy in the present

case, and the right to pursue and reclaim it within the limits of

another State.

This was only carrying out, in our confederate form of govern-

ment, die clear right of every man at common law to make fresh

suit and recapture of his own property within the realm. 3 Black.

Com. 4.

But the power by national law to pursue and regain most kinds

of property, in the limits of a foreign government, is rather an act of

comity than strict right ; and hence, as the property in persons

might not thus be recognized in some of the States in the Unior,

and its reclmation not be allowed through either courtesy or fight,

this clause was undoubtedly introduced into the constitution, as one

of its compromises, for the safety bf that portion of the Union which

did permit such property, and which other'wise might often be de-

prived of it entirely by its merely crossing the line of an adjoining

State. 3 Madison Papers, 1569, 1589.

This was thought to be too harsh a doctrine in respect to any

VOL. V.

20

230

SUPREME COURT.

Jones v. Van Zandt.

title to property, - of a friendly neighbour, not brought nor placed in another State, under its laws, by the owner -himself, but escaping there against his consent, and often forthwith pursued in order to be reclaimed.
The act of Congress, passed only four years after the constitution was adopted, was therefore designed merely to render'effective the guaranty of the constitution itself; and a course of decisions since, in the courts of the States and general government, has for half a century exhibited great uniformity in favor of the validity as well'as expediency of the act. 5 Serg. & R. 62 ; 9 Johns. 67 ; 12 Wend. 311, 507 ; 2 Pick. 11 ; Baldw. C. C. 326 ;.4 Wash.
C. C 326 ; 18 Pick. 215.
While the compromises of the constitution exist, itisnnpossible
to do justice to their requirements, or fulftihle duty incumbent on us towards all the members of the Union, under itsprovisions, without sustaining such enactmenits as those of the statute of 1793.
We do not now propose to review at length the reasoning on which this act has been pronounced constitutional. All of its provisions have been found necessary to protect private rights, under the clause in the constitution relating to this subject, and to execute the duties imposed on the general government to aid by legislation in enforcing every constitutional provision, whether in favor of itself or others. This grows out of the position and nature of such a governient, and is as, imperative on it in cases not enumerated specially, in respect to such legislation, as in others.
That this act of Congress, then, is not repugnant to the constitution, must be considered as among the settled adjudications of this court.
The last question on which a division is certified relates to the ordinance of 1787, and the supposed repugnancy to it of the act of
Congress of 1793. The ordinance prohibited the existence of slavery in the territory
northwest of the river Ohio among only its own people. Similar prohibitions have from time to time been introduced into many of the old States. But this circumstance does not affect the domes-
tic institution of slavery, as other States may choose to allow it among their people, nor impair their rights of property under it,
when their slaves happen to escape to other States. These other States, whether northwest of the river Ohio, or on the eastern side of the Alleghanies, if out of the Union, would not be bound to surrender fugitives, even for crimes, itbeing, as before remarked, an act of comity, or imperfect obligatiop: Holmes v. Jennison et al., 14 Pet. 540. But while within the Union, and under the obligations of the constitution and laws of the Union, requiring that this kind of property in citizens of other States - the right to "service or -labor" - be not discharged or destroyed; they must not interfere tq impair or destroy it, but, if one so held to labor escape into

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

231

Jones v. Van Zandt.

their limits, should allow him to be retaken and returned to the place where he belongs. In all this there is no repugnance to the ordiiiance. Wherever that existed, States still maintain their own laws, as well, as the ordinance, by not allowing slavery to exist among' their own citizens (4 Martin's R. 385). But in relation to inihabitants of' other States, if they escape into the limits of
States within the ordinance, and if the constitution allow them, when fugitives from labor, to be reclaimed, this does not interfere with their own laws as to their own. people, nor do acts of Congress interfere with them, which are rightfully passed to carry these constitutional rights into effect there, as fully as in other portions of the
Union. Before concluding, it may be expected by the defendant that
some notice should be taken of the argument, urging on us a disregard of the constitution and'the act of Congress in respect to this subject, on account of the supposed inexpediency and invalidity of all laws recognizing slavery or -any right of property in man. But that is a political question, settled by each State for itself; and the federal power over it is limited and regulated by the people of the
States in the constitution itself, as one of its sacred compromises, and which we possess no authority as a judicial body to modify or
overrule.
Whatever may be the theoretical opinions of any as to the expe-. diency of some of those compromises, or of the right of property in persons which they recngnize, this court has no alternative, while they exist, but to stand by the constitution and laws with fidelity to their duties and their oaths. Their path- is a strait and narrow one, to go where that constitution and the laws lead,* and not to
break both, by travelling without or beyond them. Let our opinion on the several Voints raised be certified to the
Circuit Court of Ohio in conformity to these views.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio, and on the points and questions on which the judges of the said Circuit Court were opposed in opinion, and which were certified to this court for its opinion, agreeably to the act of Congress in such case made and provided, and-was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this court, -
1st. That, under the fourth section of the act of 12th February, 1793, respecting fugitives from justice, and persons escaping from the service of their master, on a charge for harbouring and concealing fugitives from labor, the notice need not be in writing by the claimant or hi3 agent, stating that such person is a fugitive from labor, under the third section of the above act, and served on the person harbouring or concealing such fugitive, to make him liable to the penalty of five hundred dollars under the act.

232

SUPREME COURT.

Jones v. Van Zandt.

2d. That such notice, if not in writing and served as aforesaid, may be given verbally by-the claimant or his agent, to the person who harbours or conceals the fugitive, and that to charge him under the statute, a general notice to the public in a newspaper is not necessary.
3d. That clear proof of the knowledge of the defendant, by his 6wn confession or otherwise, that he knew the colored person was a slave and fugitive from labor, though he may have acquired such knowledge from the slave himself, or otherwise, is sufficient tor
charge him with notice. 4th. That receiving the fugitive from labor at three o'clock ih the
morning, at a place in the State of Ohio, about twelve miles distant from the place in Kentucky where the fugitive was held to labor, from a certain individual, and transporting him in a closely covered wagon twelve or fourteen miles, so that the boy thereby escaped pursuit, and his services weie thereby lost to his master, is a harbouring or concealing of the fugitive within the statute.
·5th. That a transportation under the above circumstances, though the boy should be recaptured by his master, is a harbouring or concealing of him within the statute.
6th. -That such a transportation, in such a wagon, whereby the services of the boy were entirely lost to his master, isa"harbouring of him within the statute.
7th. That a claim of the fugitive from the person hdrbouring or concealing him need'not precede or accompany the notice.
8th. That any overt act, so marked in its character as to show an intention to elude the vigilance of the master or his agent, and which is calculated toattain such an object, is a h' rbouring of the
fugitive within the statute. * 9th. That the first and second counts contain the necessary averments, that Andrew, the colored man, escaped from the State of Kentucky into the State of Ohio.
10th. That said counts contain the necessary averments of notice that said Andrew was a fugitive from labor within the description
of the act of Congress. 11th. That the averments in said counts, that the defendant
harboured said Andrew, are sufficient. "12th. That said counts are otherwise sufficient. 13th. That the act of Congress approved February 12th, 1793,
is not repugnant to the constitution of the United States. And, Lastly. That the said act is not repugnant to the ordinance of
Congress adopted July, 1.787, entitled, "An ordinance for the government of the territory of the United States northwest of the river Ohio."
It is thereupon now here ordered and adjudged by this court,. that it be so' certified to the-said Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

441

Waring et il. v. Clarke.

NATHANIEL S. WARING AND PETER DAI~t~AN, OWNERS OF THE STEA1M-
BOAT DE SOTO, HER TACKLE, APPAREL, AND FURNITURE, APPELLANTS, v. THOIAS CLARKE, LATE MASTER OF THE STEAMIBOAT LuDI, AND AGENT OF P. T. MARIONOUX AND T. J. ABEL, OWNERS OF SAID
STEADMBOAT LUDA, HER TACKLE, APPAREL, FURNITURE, ANDIMACHINERY,
APPELLEES.
The grant in the constitution, extending the judicial power 1'to all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction," is neither to be limited to, nor to be interpreted by, what were cases of admiralty jurisdiction in England when the constitution was adopted by the States of the Union.
Admiralty jurisdiction in the courts of the United States is not taken away because the courts of common law may have concurrent jurisdiction in a case with the admiralty. Nor is a trial by jury any test of admiralty jurisdiction. The subjectmatter of a contract or service gives jurisdiction in admiralty. Locality gives it in tort, or collision.
In cases of tort, or collision, happening upon the high seas, or within the ebb and flow of the tide, as far up a river as the tide ebbs and flows,'though it may be infra corpus comitatus, courts of admiralty of the United States have jurisdiction.
The meaning of the clause in the ninth section of the Judiciary Act of 1789, saving to suitors, in all cases, a common law remedy when the common law is competent to give it, is, that in cases of concurrent jurisdiction in admiralty and at common law the jurisdiction in the latter is not taken away.
The act of 7th July, 1838 (5 Statutes at Large, 304), for the better security of the lives of -passengers on board of vessels propelled in whole o part by steam, is obligatory in all its provisions, except as it has been altered by the act of 1843 (5 Statutes at Large, 626), upon all owners and masters of steamers navigating the waters of the United States, whether navigating on waters within a State, or between States, or waters running from one State into another State, or on the coast of the United States between the ports of the same State or different btates.
By the law of 7th July, 1838, masters and owners neglecting to comply with its conditions are liable to a penalty of. two hundred dolYars, to be recovered by sdit or indictment. And if neglect or disobedience of the law shall be proved to exist when injury shall occur to persons or property, it throws upon the master and owner of a steamer the burden of proof to show that the injury done was not the consequence of it.
.THIS case was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for East Louisiana.
It was a suit in admiralty, brought originally in the District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana, by Thomas Clarke, as late master of the steamboat Luda, and as agent for her owners, against the steamboat De Sot and her owners, Waring and Delman, to obtain compensation for the destruction of the Luda by means -of a collision between said -ioats.
A libel, answer, and supplemental libel and supplemental answer were filed, which were as follows :-
To the Honorable Theodore H. McCaleb, Judge of the United States District Court in and for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
The libel and complaint of Thomas Clarke, late master of the steamboat Luda, of New Orleans (and agent of P. T. Marionoux, of the parish of Iberville, in Louisiana), and of T. J. Abel, of the city of New Orleans, owners of the said steamboat Luda, her tackle,

442

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et at. v. Clarke.

apparel, furniture, and machinery, and who authorize libellant to

institute this suit against the steamboat De Soto, her tackle, apparel,

and furniture, whereof.S. S. Selleck now is, or lately was, master,

*nowoin the river Mississippi, in the port of New Orleans, where the

'tide ebbs and flows, and within the admiralty jurisdiction of this

court, and agninst Nathaniel S. Waring, Peter Dalman, and

Parker, all residing within the jurisdiction of this honorable court,

owners of said steamboat De Sao, and also against all persons

lawfully intervening for their interest in said steamboat De Soto,-.in

a cause of collision, civil and maritime; and thereupon the said

Thomas Clarke, master and agent as aforesaid, alleges and articu-

lately propounds as follows :-

First. That the steamboat Luda, whereof libellant was then

master, was, on the"first day of November last past, at the purt of

New Orleans, and destined on a voyage or trip from thence to

Bayou Sarah, on the river Mississippi, about one hundred and

sixty-five miles from the city of New Orleans, with lading of goods,

wares, and merchandise. to the amount of

in value, or

thereabouts, and several passengers, and was at that time a tight,

stanch, and well-built vessel, of the burden of two hundred and

forty-five [tons]; and was theft completely rigged, and sufficiently

provided with tackle, apparel, furniture, and machinery ; and then

had on board, and in her service, twenty-two mariners and fireman,

which was a full complement of bands to navigate and run said

steamboat Luda on the voyage above mentioned, and all the neces-

sary officers to command saidboat.

Second. That on said first day of November, 1843, the said

steamer Luda, provided and manned as aforesaid, departed from the

said port of New Orleaps, being propelled by steam, on her afore-

said voyage to Bayou Sarah ; and, in the prosecution of her voyage

on the said river Mississippi, arrived at what is called the Bayou

Goula bar, in said river, about ninety-five miles from the said port

of New Orleans, on or about the hour of two o'clock, A. M., of

the morning of the second day of November, 1843, and was running

as near to, or closely "hugging" said bar, being on-her starboard,

as she could safely ; whilst the said steamer was running in that

position, pursuing the usual track which steamboats ascending the

said river take under the' dircumstances, and going at her usual

speed of about ten miles per hour, at the time aforesaid, within

the. ebb and flow of the tide, and within the admiralty and maritime

jurisdiction of this honorable court, Garrett Jourdan, the :pilot of

said steainer Luda, who was then at the wheel, and controlled and

directed said boat on said voyage, and Levi Babcock, also the pilot

of said boat, and who was then on the hurricane-deck of said boat,

obsdrved the said steamboat De Soto, whereof the said S. S.

Selieck was then master, of the burden of two hundred and fifty

tons, or thereabouts, descending said river, being propelled by

JANUARY TERM, 184'7.

443

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

steam, and controlled and directed at the time by one James Wingard, pilot of said boat, who then bad the wheel steeiing said boat in a direction parallel with, and at a distance from, the course then pursued by the Luda, sufficient to have passed the said Luda without touching ; and at a distance of about nine hundred feet or more, and in that position, the said boats continued to run, the Luda ascending, the De Soto descending, the said river as aforesaid, until their bows were nearly opposite to each other, when, notwithstanding there was sufficient room for said boats to have passed each other without collision, and notwithstanding the said Luda was ,then in her proper position, running as near said bar -as she could safely,
said James Wingard, the said pilot of the De Soto, suddenly turned the wheel, and threw the De Soto out of her proper position, and
changed her course nearly at right angle to the one she [had] been running, in a direction towards the Luda ; and notwithstanding the pilot of the said Ldaa rang her bell, and threw her fire-doors open to apprize the De Soto of the situation of the Luda, the said pilot of the De Soto, either inientionally and wilfully, or most grossly, negligently, and culpably, ran the bow of the De Soto, with great force and violence, foul of and against the Luda, about or near
midship on the larboard side, and thereby so broke and damaged the hull and machinery of the Luda, that the said Luda in a few minutes filled with water and sunk to the bottom of said river, in ten or twelve feet waters where she now lies a total wreck, worthless, and an entire loss ; and-so sudden did she fill with water and sink, that two of the crew, a white man and negro, were drowned, or are missing and cannot be found; the balance of the crew, officers, and passengers barely escaped with their. lives, and were not able
to save any thing of the freight on board, or any part of said boat, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, &c., or even their clothes, the
whole being lost by reason of the said boat De Soto having run foul of and against the said Luda as aforesaid, and sinking said Luda as
aforesaid.
Third. That at the time the collision and damage 'mentioned in the next preceding article happened, it was impossible for the steamer Luda to get out of the way of the said steamer De Soto, by reason that the former was in her proper position, running as near to, or closely)" hugging" said bar, as she could prudently arid safely ; that there 'was room enoulgh for the said steamboat De Soto to 'steer clear of, and pass by, the said Luda, without doing, any damage whatever, or coming in eollisidn with the Luda ; and that if the said James Wingard, the pilot of the said De Soto, had not changed the direction of thd said'De Sotoi but kept her in her proper positon as aforesaid, and had not refused, or at least carelessly and culpably neglected, to endeavour to keep clear of said
Luda, which it was his- as well as the dfficers' duty to do, of said De Soto, and which tney might with ease and safety have done, the

444

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

aforesaid collision, damage, and loss of life and property would not have happened; and libellant expressly alleges that the same did happen by reason of the culpable negligence, incompetency, or wilful intention of the said pilot and officers of the said .De Soto.
Fourth. That the said steamboat Luda, before and at the time of being run foul of, damaged, and' sunk by the said steamer De Soto, as bereinbefore mentioned, was a tight, strong, and stanch boat, and was, together with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and
machinery, worth tile sum of fifteen thousand dollars ; and that the books, papers, &c., belonging to said boat, and the property belonging to the officers and crew of said boat (exclusive of gocds, wares, and merchandises on board of said boat), belonging, to various persons unkndwn' to libellant, as well the value thereof, werq reasonably worth the sum of one thousand dollars; all of which was lost as aforesaid, and that by reason of the said steamboat Luda having been run foul of and sunk by the said steamer De Soto, as hereinbefore mentioned. -Libellant, as master and agent of the owners of said Luda, has sustained damages to the
amount of sixteen thousand dollars, which sum greatly exceeds the value of the said steamer De Soto ; and for the payment of whidh sum the said steamer :De Soto and her bwners, the said Nathaniel
S. Waring, Peter Dalman, and Parker, are liable in solido, and should be compelled to pay.
Fifth. That all and singular the premises are true and within the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of this court ;.in verification whereof, if denied, the libellant: craves leave to refer to the depositions and proofs to be by him exhibited in this cause ; and libellant " further alleges, that he has reason to fear that the said steam' "De Soto will depart in less than ten-day beyond the jurisdiction of this
honorable court. Wherefore libellant prays, that process in due form of law, ac-
cording to the course of courts of admiralty and of this honorable court in causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, mav.issue against the said steamboat De Soto, her tackle, apparel, macnmery,
and furniture ; and the said .Nathaniel S. Waring, Peter Dalman, and Parker,. who is the clerk of said boat, may be cited, as well as all other persons having or pretending *to have any right, title, or interest therein, to appear and answer all and singular the matters so articulately propounded herein. That after monition, and other due proceedings according to the laws and usages of admiralty, that this honorable court may, pronounce for the damages aforesaid, and condemn the said-Nathaniel S. Waring, Peter Dalman, and Parker, and all other persons intbrvening for.their interest in said boat, to pay in
solido the sum of sixteen thousand dollars to libellant ; and also to decree and condemn~the said steamer De Soto, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, to be'sold to, satisry by privilege and preference the claim of your-libellant, with his costs in this behalf expended, and

JANUARY TERM, 1847%

445

Waring et al. r. Clarke.

for such other and further decree be rendered in the premises as to right and justice.ijay appertain; and your libellant will ever pray, &c.
W. S. VASON, Proator.

Thomas Clarke, being duly swem, deposeth, that the material

ellegationg of the abpve libel are true.

(Signed,)

THo&As CLARKE.

Upon this libel the judge ordered admiralty process in rem to issue against the Aleamboat De Soto, and also process in personam against the owners, citing them to appear and answer the libel. Th6 answer was as follows :-

To the Honorable Theo. H. McCaleb, Judge of the District

Court of the United States, within aind for.the Eastern District

of Louisiana.

And now Peter Dalman, of the city of Lafayette, in the district

aforesaid, and Nathaniel S. Waring, intervening for their interest in

.the said steamboat De Soto, and for answer to the libel and com-

plaint of Thomas Clarke, as late master of the steamboat Luda,

hnd agent of P. F. Marionoux and T. J. Abel, late owners of

the steamboat Luda, against the steamboat De Soto, her.tackle, ap-

parel, &c., and against Peter Dalman, and Nathaniel S. Waring, and

Parker, as owners of the said steamboat De Soto, and also against

all persons intervening for their interest in said steamboat De Soto,

allege and articulately propound as follows :-

First. That the respondents are the true and lawful owners of

the said steamboat De Soto.

Second. That it doth appear from the allegations of the said li-

bel, and these respondents expressly propounded and allege the fact

to be so, that the trespass, tort, or collision set forth and alleged in

the said libel, if any such did take place in the manner and form set

forth in said libel, which these respondents most respectfully deny,

was on the river Mississippi, off and near the mouth of the Bayou

Goula, about ninety-five miles above the city of New Orleans, within

the State of Louisiana,.within the body of a county or parish of

said State, to wit, the parish of Iberville or county of Iberville, in

said State.

Third. The tide dQes not ebb and flow at the place where the

said collision, tort, or trespass is alleged to have taken place.

Fourth. That it is not alleged in said libel, and these respond-

ents aver and propound that the said collision did not take place on

the high seas, or in sailing or navigating to or from: the sea.

Fifth. That neither the said steamboat Luda, nor the said steam-

boat De S.oto, were, at the time the said collision took place, or

the tort or trespass aforesaid is alleged to have been committed,

employed in sailing or navigating on any maritime voyage, but were

wholly employed, and then were actually pursuing a voyage confined

VOL. V.

38

446

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et'aL v. Mlarke.

to. the river Mississippi, to wit, the said steamboat Luda on a roy-. age from the city of New Orleans to Bayou Sarah, about one hundred and sixty miles above the said city, and the said steamboat De Soto on a voyage or trip from Bayou Sarah aforesaid to the city of New Orleans, where her said voyage or trip was to end.
Sixth. That neither the said steimboat Luda, nor the said steamboat De Soto, were built, designed, or fitted, or ever intended to be employed or used in any manner for a maritime or sea voyage, nor have they, or either of them, ever been used, 6mployed, or engaged in any such maritime or sea voyage, but were wholly built,
designed, or intended for -the navigation of the said river Mississippi, or other rivers or streams entering therein, and the transportation of goods and passengers from the said city of New Orleans up the said river or streams to the interior of the country, and the transportation of passengers, goods, cotton, and other produce of the country ffom the landings, and places, and plantations of the inhabitants on the bank or banks of said rivers and streams to -the said city of New Orleans, vuithout proce ding any further down the
said river Mviississippi, nearer to its 'mouth or to the sea, and were both so employed at the time the said collision, trespass, or tort is
alleged to have been committed.
Seventh. That this honorable court, by reason of all the matters and things so above propounded and articulated,, 'has not jurisdic-
tion, and ought not to proceed to enforce the elaim hlleed in the libel aforesaid against the said steamboat De Soto, or against them,
these respondents, intervening for their'interest,- or against these respondents in their proper persons, as prayed for in and by said
libel. Eighth. That all and singular the premises are true ; in verifica-
tion whereof, if desired, these respondents crave leave to refer to the depositions and other proof to be by them exhibited in this
cause. And the said respondents, in case their said plea to the jurisdiction of the court, so as above propounded, articulated, and pleaded, should be overruled, then they, for further defensive answer, articulately propound and say, -
1st. That they admit that the said two steamboats did come into collision at the time stated in the said libel, but they do expressly. deny that the said collision was caused or did happen by any fault, negligence, or intention of these respondents, or the master, officers,
or crew of the said steamboat De Soto, or any other pergon or persons for whom these respondents, or the said steamboat De Soto,
can in: any manner be liable or responsible. 2d. That the said collision was caused by the fault or negligence,,
or want of skill, in the person or persons having charge or command of the said steamboat Luda, or the pilots, officers, or crew of
said steamboat, or that the same was by accident, for. which these respondents. are not liable.

JANUA1U TERM, 1847.

44"7

Waring et'al. v. Wlarke.

3d. That the said sinking of the said steamboat Luda, and bet loss alleged in said libel, was not caused by any damage she re-

-ceived in the collision aforesaid, but by the negligence, want of skill, and fault of the person or persons in charge of the said steam-

boat Luda%

4th. That at the time- the said collision did take place the said steamboat-Luda was not seaworthy, and was not properly provided with a commander and other usual and necessary officers of com-

petent skill tcr manage and conduct the said steamboat, by reason of which the collision aforesaid did take place, and the said boat did

afterwards sink.

.5th. That the said steamboat De Soto did suffer a great dam-

age by the said collision, to the amount of five hundred dollars, and

these respondents have and will sttffer great damage by the seizure and detention of said steamboat De Soto under the process issued

in this case, and to the amount of five thousand dollars.

Wherefore, and by reason of all the matters and things herein propounded and pleaded, these respondents pray that this honorable

court will pronouncb against the said libel, that the same may be dismissed, and the said steamboat De Soto restored to your respondents, with all costs in this behalf expended.

That your Honor may pronounce for the damages claimed by these respondents, as before stated, and condemn the libellants to pay the same, in solido, to these respondents, and that your respondents may have all. such other and further order, decree, and relief in the.premises as to law and justice may.appertaiin, and the

nature of their case may require.

(Signed,)

PETER DAL AN,

N. S. WARING.

The supplemental libel was as follows :-
To the Honorable Theo. H. McCaleb, Judge of the United States District Court in and for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
The amended and, supplemental libel of Thomas Clarke, late master of the steamboat Luda, and agent of the owners thereof, &c., against the steamboat De Soto, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and against Nathaniel S. Waring, Peter Dalman, and Parker, owners thereof, &c., &c., and against all persons intervening for their interest in the steamer De Soto, &c.,'in a cause of co!lision, civil and maritime, &c., filed herein by leave of this honorable court, first granted and obtained, to amend his original libel herein filed and pending in said court.
And thereupon the said Thomas Clarke, as master and agent as aforesaid, doth allege and articulately propound, as amendatory and supplemental to the allegations articulately propounded in his said original libel, as follows :-

448

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

First. That at the time of the collision between the said steam. bo;its, the said De Soto and the said Luda, set forth and described in the second article of his original libel, to wit, on the first day of
November, 1843, and for a considerable time previous thereto, both of said boats were employed as regular packets, running between the port of New Orle.ans and the town of Bayou Sarah, situate on the bank of the Mississippi river, about one hundred and sixty miles from the city of Neii Orleans, carrying freight and passengers for hire between said places ; and the said. steamboat De Soto was, at the time the said collision took place, returning from the said town of Bayou Sarah, on a voyage or trip to the city of
New Orleans, and the steambtat Luda was, at .the said time, going on a voyage or trip from the city of New Orleans to the said town of Bayou Sarah ; and libellant expressly alleges, thaCtboth of said boats were contracted for, intended and adapted to, and were actually engaged in, navigating tide-waters at the time of said collision, running and making trips between the city of New Orleans and the said town of Bayou Sarah, in the river Mississippi, between which places the tide ebbs and flows the entire distance; and that the place where the said collision happened, to wit, the Bayou Goula bar in the river Mississippi, and also the said town of Bayou Sarah, and the entire distance between the said town and the city of New Orleans, are within the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of this honorable court.
.Second. That on the night the collision took place between the said boats, to wit, on the night of the first day'of November, 1843, there were not two lights hoisted out on the hurricane-deck of the said boat De Soto, one forward, the other at the stern, of said boat ; nor did the master and pilot of the said boat De Soto, or either of them, when the said boat, then descending the said river Mississippi, was within one mile of the boat Luda,^then ascending said river, shut off the steam of the said boat De Soto, nor permit the said boat to float down upon the current of said river until the sLid boat Luda passed the said boat De Soto, as the laws of this Staie equire boats descending said river to do, when meeting boats as-ending said river ; and hbellant expiessly alleges', that said 'master aind pilot of the De Soto did neglect or refuse to -comply with the requirements of said law of this State, as well with the usage.and customs observed by all boats navigating said river, and that '.had ,the said master and pilot not neglected or refused to comply, With the requirements of said 'law, but conformed thereto, and observed the said. usage and customs established, by boats navigating- said river, by shutting off the steam of the De Soto as soon as they discovered the Luda, or had approached within one mile of her, 'and permitted the De Soto to float upo*n the current of said river until the Luda had passed the De Soto, the said collision would not hdve occurred between the said boats, nor would the said De

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

449

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

Soto have run foul of and against the said Luda, as set forth in the

second article of his original libel.

Third. That at the time of said collision, the said steamer

Luda was earning freight, being employed by libellant in fulfilling

certain verbal contradts of affi'eightment, entered into by and be-

tween him and the Port Hudson, and Clinton, and West Feliciana

railroad companies, and various planters, in the month of October,

1843, to transport all the cotton, and sugar, and produce of the

country, which said railroad companies and planters might deliver on

the banks of the river Mississippi, within the ebb and flow of the tide.

on said river, to the city of New Orleans during, the business season, to wit, from the 1st of October, 1843, to 1st of May, 1844 ;

that the said boat Luda would have earned during, said period,; by

carrying freight in pursuance of said contracts of affreightment, ind

in the fulfilment and discharge thereof, over and above all expenses,

the sum of eight thousand dollars profit for libellant ; that by reason

of the sinking and destruction of the said steamer Luda, by being

run. foul of by the 'said De Soto, as herein and in his original libel

is particularly set forth and alleged, libellant has been compelled to

forfeit said contracts of affreightment, and to lose the amount of

the freight which the said Luda would have earned by fulfilling said

contracts, which he would have done, had he not been prevented

by the sinking and destruction of said Luda by the said De Soto,

to wit, the sum of eight thousand dollars, which sum libellant claims

as damages sustained by him resulting from said colligion, in addi-

tion to the value of said boat Luda, claimed in his original libel, to

wit, the sum of sixteen thcusand dollars, which two sums- make the

sum of twenty-four thousand dollars ; and libellant expressly alleges,

that he has sustained, damages to the amount of twenty-four thou-

sand dollars, by reason of the sinl~ing and destruction of the said

steamboat Luda by the said boat De Soto, and that the said boat

De Soto and owners are liable, and ought to be compelled to pay

said sum.

-Fourth. That all and singular the premises are true, in veTifica-

tion whereof, if denied, libellant craves leave to refer to depositions

ad other proof, to be by hihi exhibited on the trial of this case.

Wherefore, in consideration of the premises,'libellan't reiterates

his prayer-in his original libel, .unto the citations of the owners of

the said boat De Soto, and condemnation of said boat, and prays

that the said owners may be condemned to pay, in solido, the sum

of twenty-four thousand dollars, with all costs in this behalf ex-

pended to libellants, and for such other and further relief in the

premises as to justice and equity may appertain, &c.

(Signed,)

THoAs CLARKE.

The supplemental answer was as follows : 38#

450

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

To the Honorable Theo. H. McCaleb, Judgb of the United States District Court in and for the Eastern District of Louisiana.

The amended and supplemental answer of Peter Dalman and

Nathaniel.S. Waring, claimants and respondents in the case now

pending in this honorable court, of Thomas Clarke, late Master of

Steamer Luda, for himself and others, owners of said Steamer, v.

The Steamer De Soto, and these respondents with leave of the

court first granted and obtained to amend their answer ; and there-

upon the said respondents and claimants do allege and articulately

propound as follows: -

First. They admit that the steamers Luda and De Soto, at the

time of the collision, were actually engaged in the Bayou Sarah

trade, and had been so engaged for a short time previous thereto

but they deny that said boats were contracted for or used in nav-

igating tide-waters, and allege that the steamer De Soto was con-

tracted and used for the Red River trade, where ihe tide neither

ebbs nor flows ; and for the reasons given, and for facts stated in

their original answer, that this honorable court has not jurisdiction!

Second. They deny all the allegations in the second article of

said amended libel; and allege that the steamer De Soto was light-

ened, managed, and guided in a proper, careful, and lawful manner,

at aid before the time of collision, and subsequently thereto.

Third. They deny all the allegations of libellant in the third ar-

ticle of said amended libel, and they further say, that even if the

libellant should show, on the trial of this cause, or be permitted to

do so, which should not be allowed, that they have suffered or sus-

tained consequential damages from said collision, that said libellant

has no right to recover such damages from the respondents ; they

therefore pray that no such claim be allowed the libellants, Md

that these respondents and claimants may have judgment, as prayed

for in the original answer and claim.

(Signed,)

JNO. R. GRYmEs,

War. DUNBAR,

Proctorsfor Defendants.

Upon the two questions of fact raised in these libels and answers, -viz., 1st, the extent to which the tide ebbs and flows up the Mississippi river, and, 2d, to whose fault the collision was to be attributed, - a great body of evidence was taken, which it is not thought necessary to insert.
On the 24th of January, 1844, the following judgment was en* tered by the District Judge :-
" The court, having duly considered the law and evidence in this cause, and kor reasons that hereinafter will be given in length and filed in court, doth now order, and adjudge, and decree that the plea to the jurisdiction be overruled, and that the libellants do recover from the steamboat De Soto and owners, Peter Dalman and

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

451

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

Nathaniel S. Waring, the sum of twelve thousand dollars, and the costs of suit; and it is further ordered, that- the steamboat De-Soto be sold, after the usual and legal advertisements, and that the proceeds thereof be deposited in the registry of the court, subject to
its further order." From this judgment an appeal was filed to the Circuit Court. In April, 1844, the appeal came on to be heard in the Circuit
Court, when much additional testimony was produced, and on the 29th April the court ordered that the exception to the jurisdiction of the court should be dismissed, and the cause proceed on its
merits. On the 6th of May, 1844, the Circuit Court affirmed the decree
of the District Court, with costs, from which an appeal was'taken.to this court.

The cause was argued by ,Mr.Johnson, for the appellants, and .Mr. Crittenden, for the appellees, upon the two grounds, first, of the jurisdictioi of the court, and second, on the facts of the case.
The question of jurisdiction' came up again, covering additional points, in the case of The New Jersey Steam Navigation Company
v. The Merchants' Bank.of Boston, which was argued by ,Mr. -Imes and Mr. Whipple, for the appellants, and Mr. Greene and AXr. Webster, for the appellees. The discussion in the latter case took a wider range than in that now under review, and the reporter prepared himself with a full report of the arguments of counsel, upon the entire subject of jurisdiction. But the court having ordered the New Jersey Company case to be continued and reargued, the reporter is not at liberty, of course, to make use of the mate-
rials, and is obliged to submit the report of the case of the two
steamboats to the profession without any arguments of counsel.

Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the court.
This is a libel in rem, to recover damages for injuries-arising from a collision, alleged to have happened within the ebband flow of the tide in the Mississippi river, about ninety-five miles above New Orleans.
'The decree of the Circuit Court is resisted upon the merits, and also upon the ground that the case is not within the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of the courts of the United States.
We will first consider the point ofjurisdiction. The learned counsel for the appellants, ir. Reverdy Johnson, contended, that, even if the evidence proved that the collision took place within the ebb and flow of the tide, the court had not jurisdiction, because the locality is infra corpus comitatus. Two grounds were taken to maintain that position. 1. That the grant in the constitution of " all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction" was limited to what were cases of

452

SUPREME CO1 RT.

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

admiralty and maritime jurisdiction in England when our Revolutionary war began, or when the constitution was adopted, and that
a c6llision between ships within the ebb and flow of the. tide, infra corpus comitatus, was not one of them.
2. That the distinguishing limitation of admiralty jurisdiction, and decisive test against it in England and in the United States, except in the cases allowed in England, was the competency of 'a court'of
common law to give a remedy in a given case in a trial by jury. And as auxiliary to this ground it was urged, that the clause in the ninth section of tht Judiciary Act of '1789 (1 Statutes at Large, 77), CCs i;'ing to suitors in all cases the right of a common law remedy, where the- common law is competent to give it," took away such cases from the admiralty jurisdiction of the courts of the United States.
The same posidons have been taken again by Or. .qmes and .Mr. Whipple, in the case of thd New Jersey Steam Navigation
Company v,. The Merchants' Bank of Boston. Every thing in support of'them, which. could be drawn from the history of admiralty jurisdiction in England, or from what had been its practice in. the
United States, and from adjudged cases in noth countries, was urged by those gentlemen. All must admit, who .hedrd them, that nothing.was omitted which could be brought to bear upon the sub-
ject. We come, then, to the decision of these points, with every
advantage which learned research, and ingenious and comprehensive deduction from it, can give us.
It is the first time that the point has been distinctly presented to this court, whpther a case of collision in our rivers, where the tide ebbs and flows, is within the admiralty juridiction of the courts of the United States, if the locality be, in the sense in which it is used by the common law judges in England, infra corpus comitatus. It is this point that we are now about to decide, and it is our wish that nothing which may be said in the course of our remarks
shall be extended to embrace any other. case of contested admiralty jurisdiction..
We do not think that either of the grounds taken can be maintained. But before giving our reasons for this conclusion, it will Le well for us to state the cases in which the instance court- in England exercised jurisdiction when our constitution was adopted.
In cases to enforce judgments of foreigti admiralty courts, when
the person'6r his goods are within the jurisdiction. Mariners' wages, except when the contract was under seal, or made out pf the customary way of such contracts. Bottomry, in certain cases only, and
under many restrictions. Salvage, when 'he property shipwrecked' was not cast ashore. Cases between the several owners of ships, when they disputed among themselves about the policy or advantage. of sending her upon a particular voyage, In cases of goods, and the proceeds of goods piratically taken, which will be arrested by a

JKNUARY TERM, 1847.

453

Waring et aL v. Clarke.

warrant from the court, as belonging to the croln and as droits of the admiralty. And in cases of collision and- injuries to property or persons on the high seas.
It may as well be said by us, at once, that, in cases of this last class, it'has frequently been adjudicated in the English common law courts, since the restraining statutes of Richard 11. and Henry IV. were passed, that high seas mean that portion of the sea which
washes 'the open coast ; and that any branch of the sea within the fauces terra, where a man may reasonabl, discern from shore to
shore, is, or at least may be, within the body of a county. 'infact, the general rule in Englafid has been, since the time of Lord Coke, upon the interpretation given by,the courte of common law to the stattes 13 and 15 Richard II. and 2 Henry IV., to prohibit the
admiralty from exercising jurisdiction in civil cases, or causes of
action arising infra corpus comitatus. So sternly has +he admiralty been excluded from what we believe to have been its
ancient jurisdiction in England, that a prohibition within a few years has been issued in a case of collision happening between the IsI of
Wight and the Hampshire coast ; and a case of collision in the river Humber, twenty miles from the main sea, but within the flux and reflux of the tide,. has been held not to be within -the admiralty jurisdiction. The Public Opinion, 2 Hagg. t98.r
I It has not, however, been the urndisputed rule, nor allowed to be the correct interuretation of the statutes, of Richard. It has always been contended by the advocates of the admiralty, that
ports, creeks, and rivers are within its jurisdiction, and not within thbse statutes ; meaning that the ancient jurisdiction in such localities was not excluded by the words of the statutes. Browne,-
however, in his Civil and Admiralty Law, vql. 2, p. 92, thinks they were within the words of the stathtes ; not meaning, though, to affirm the declaration of Lord Coke, that those statutes were affirmative ofthe common law. We think they were not. However much every true English and American lawyer may feelhimself indebted to the learning of that great lawyer, and will ever be cautious iof
disparaging it, it is difficult for any -one to read and reflect upon the part which he took in the controversy upon admiralty jurisdiction in England, without assenting to Mr. Justice Buller's remarks, in Smart v. Wolf, 3 Durn. & East, 348 :-" With respect to what is said relative to the admiralty jurisdiction in 4th 'Inst. 135 I think that part of Lord Coke's work.has always been received with great
cafitioil, and frequently contradicted. He seems to have. entertained not only a jealousy of, but an enmity against, that jurisdiction.
he passage in 4ili Inst. 135, disallowing the right to take stipu-lations, 'is expressly denied -n 2 Lord Raym. 1826. And I may conclude with the words of Lord Holt in that case, that in this case ' Ithe admiralty had jurisdiction, and there is neither statnte nor
common law. to restrain them. '"

454

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

Having thus admitted, to the fullest extent, the locality in England within which the courts of common law permitted the admiralty to exercise jurisdiction in cases of collision, we return to the
ground taken, that the same limitation -itso be imposed, in like cases, upon the admiralty courts of the United States.
We have already said it cannot be maintained. It is opposed by general, and also by constitutional considerations, to which we have
not heard an answer.
In the first place, those who framed the constitution, and the lawyers in America in that day, were familiar with a different and more extensive jurisdiction in most of the States when they were colonies,
thaa was allowed in England, from the interpretation which was "given by the common law courts to the restraining statutes of Richard II. and Henry IV. The commissions to the vice-admirals il
the colonies in North America, insular and continental, contained a much larger jurisdiction than existed in Englafid when they were -ranted. That to the governor of New Hampshire, investing him
with the power of an admiralty judge, declares the jurisdiction to extend "1throughout all ana every the sea-shores, public streams, ports, fresh-water rivers, creeks and arms, as well of the sea as of the rivers and coasts whatsoever, of our said provinces.? '
In a work by Anthony Stokes, his Majesty's chief justice in Georgia, entitled, "A View of the Constitution of the British Colonies
in North America and the West Indies," will be found, at page 166, the form of the commission of vice-admiral for the provinces in
North America. He says, in page 150, the dates in the commission are arbitrary, and the name of any particular province is omitted. Its language is, -" 1 And we do hereby remit and grant unto you, the aforesaid A. B., our power and authority in and throughout our
province of- afore mentioned, &c. &c., and maritime ports whatsoever, of the same and thereto adjacent, and also throughout all and every of the sea-shores, public streams, ports, ffiesfi-water rivers, creeks and arms, as well of the sea as of the rivers and coasts what-
soever, of our said province of F." The extracts from both commissions are , the same. We have the authority of Chief Justice Stokes, that all given in the colonies were alike. The jurisdiction given in those commissions is as large as was exercised in the ancient practice in admiralty in England. It should be observed, too, that they were given long before any difficulties occurred between the mother country and ourselves ; and that they contained no power complained of by us afterwards, when it was said an attempt was made to extend admiralty powers " beyond these ancient limits." The king's authority to grant those commissions in the colonies has never been, and cannot be, denied. In al the appeals taken from the colonial courts to the High Court of Admiralty in
England, no such thing was ever intimated. Was it not known, also, that, whilst the States were colonies, vice-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

455

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

admiralty courts had been in all of them, - in some, as has just been said, by commissions from the crown, with additional powers conferred upon them by acts of Parliament ; in others, by rights re-
served in their charters, and in other col6nies by their own legislation ? - that, whether from either souece, they exercised a jurisdiction over all maritime contracts, and over torts and injuries, as well in ports as upon the high seas ?- that acts of Parliament recognized their jurisdiction as original maritime jurisdiction, in all seizures for
contravention of the revenue laws ? Was not a larger jurisdiction in admiralty exercised in Massachu-
setts, throughout her whole colonial existence, than was permitted to the admiralty in England by the prohibitions of her common
law courts ? Were her members in the convention which formed our constitution ignorant of it ?
Were the members from Pennsylvania and South Carolina forgetful, that the extent of the admiralty jurisdiction in the colonies had been the subject of.judicial inquiry in England, growing out of proceedings in the admiralty courts of both of those States in revenue cases ? -that it had been decided in 1754, in the case of the Vrow Dorothea, 2 Rob. 246, - which was an appeal from the viceadmiralty judge in South Carolina to the High Court of Admiralty, and thence to the delegates, - that the jurisdiction in admiralty in the colonies for a breach of the revenue laws was in its nature maritime, and was not a jurisdiction specially conferred by the statute of William Ill., ch. 2 " § 6 ; a judgment which subsequently received the assent of all the common law judges, in a reference to them from the privy council ? 2 Rob. 246 ; 8 Wheat. 397, note. This, too, after an eminent lawyer, Mr. West, assigned as counsel to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantatiqns, had in 1720 expressed the opinion, that the statutes of 13 and 15 Richard II., ch. 3, and
2 Henry IV., ch. 11, and 27 Elizabeth, ch. 11, were not introductive of new laws, but only declarative of the common law, and were therefore of force in the plantations ; and that none of the acts of trade and navigation gave the admiralty judges in the West Indies increase of jurisdiction beyond that exercised by the High
Court of Admiralty at'home. Shall it be presumed, also, that the members of the convention
were altogether disregardful of what had been the early legislation of several of the States, when they were colonies, upon admiralty jurisdiction and the ryles for proceeding in such courts ? - of the larger jurisdiction given by Virginia by her act of 1660, than was at that time allowed to the admiralty in England ? - that it was passed in the year that the ordinance of the republican government in England expired by the restoration ? That ordinance revived much of
th6 ancient jurisdiction in admiralty. It was judicially acted upon in England for twelve years. When it expired there, the enlightened influences connected with trade and foreign commerce, "and

456

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. v- Clarke.

the uncertainty of jurisdiction in the trial of maritime causes," which led to its enactment, no doubt had their weight in inducing Virginia, then our leading colony in commerce, to adopt by legislation many of its provisions. That ordinance and the act of Virginia have, in our view, important bearings upon the point under consideration.
They were well known to those who represented Virginia in the convention. In its proceedings, they had an active and intellectual agency, which makes it very nnlikely that they were unmindful of
the admiralty jurisdiction in Virginia. In New York, also, there
was a court of admiralty, the proceedings of which were according to the course of the civil law. Maryland, too, had her admiralty,
differing in jurisdiction from that of England. Further, the proceedings of our Continental Congress in 1774
afford reasons for us to conclude that no such limitation was meant.
The admiralty jurisdiction, ancient and circumscribed as it afterwards wa. in England, and as it was exercised in the colonies, was necessarily the subject of examination, when the Congress wqs
preparing the declaration and resolves- of. the 14th October, 1774 in which it is said, ",that the several acts of 4 George III., ch. 15, 34; 5 Geo. III., ch. 25 ; 6 Geo. III., ch. 52; 7 Geo. TI.,
oh. 41 ; and 8 Geo. III., ch.22, Which impose duties for the purpose of raising a revenue in America, extend the power of the ad-
miralty courts beyond their ancient limits." Journal of Congress, 1774, 21. Again, when it was said (Journal, 33), after reciting other grievances under the statute of 767, --" And amidst the just fears and jealousies thereby occasioned, a statute was made in the
next year (1768) to establish courts of admiralty on a new model, expressly for the end of more effectually recovering of the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by.acts of Parliament, fran-ed for the purpose of raising revenue in America." And again, in the address
to the king (Journal, 47), it is said,- " By several acts of Parliament, made in the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth years of your Majesty's reign, duties are imposed upon us for the purpose of raising a revenue, and the powers of the admiralty and vice-admiralty courts are extended beyond their ancient limits ; whereby our property is taken from us without our consent," &c. Why this repeated allusion to the ancient limits of admiralty jurisdiction, by men fully acquainted with every part of English jurisprudence, if they had not believed it had existed in England at one time much beyond what was at that time its exercise in her admiralty courts ?
With these proceedings of the Continental Congress every mem-
ber of the convention which framed the constitution was familiar. They knew, also, what had been,.the extent and the manner of the exercisa of admiralty jurisdiction in the States, after the war began, until the 'articles of confederation had been ratified,- what it had been thence to the adoption of the constitution. Advised, as they were by personal experience, of the difficulties vhich attended the

JANUARY 'FRM, 1847.

457

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

separate exercise by the States of admiralty powers, before the confederation was formed, and afterwards from the restricted grant

of judicial power in its articles, can it be supposed, in framing the

constitution, when they were endeavouring to apply a remedy -for

those evils by getting the States to yield admiralty jurisdiction alto-

gether to the United States, it was intended to circumscribe the larger

jurisdiction existing in them to the limited cases, and those only then

allowed in England to be cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction ?- that the latter was exclusively intended, without any refer-

ence to the former, with which they were most familiar ? Can it be reasonable to infer that such were the intentions of the framers of

the constitution ? Is it not more reasonable to say,- nay, may we

not say it is certain, - that, ii their discussions and thoughts upon

the grant of admiralty jurisdiction, they mingled with what they knew

wei e cases of admiralty jurisdiction in England what it actually was and had been in the States they were representing, with an enlarged

comprehension of the controversy which had been carried on in Eng-

land for more than two hundred years, bween the judges of the

common law courts and the admiralty, upon the subject of its juris-

diction ? Besides, nothing can be found in the debates of the con-

vention, nor in its proceedings, nor in the debates of the conventions

in the States upon the constitution, to sanction such an idea. It is

remarkable, too, that the words, "all cases of admiralty and mari-

time jurisdiction," as they now are in the constitution, were in the

first plan of government submitted to the convention; and that in

all subsequent proceedings and reports they were never changed.

There was but one opinion concerning the grant, and that was, the

necessity to give a power to the United States to relieve them from

the difficulties which had arisen from the exercise of admiralty ju-

risdiction by the States separately. That would not have been ac-

complished, if it had been intended to limit the power to the few

cases of which the English courts took cognizance.

But, besides what we have aiready said, there is, in our opinion,

an unanswerable constitutional objection to the limitation of "all

cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction," as it is expressed in

the constitution, to the cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction

in England when our constitution was adopted. To do so would

make the latter a part and parcel of the constitution, - as much so

as if those cases were written upon its face. It would take away

from the courts of the United States the interpretation of what were

cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction. It would be a denial to

Congress of all legislation upon the subject. It would make, for all

time to come, without an amendment'of the constitution, that unal-

terable by any legislation of ours, which can at any time be changed

by the Parliament of England, - a limitation which never could

have been meant, and cannot be inferred from the words, which

extend the jurisdiction of the courts of the U3nited States "to all

VeL. V.

39

4N

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction." One extension of the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States exists beyond the limitation proposed, just as it existed in the colonies before they became independent States, which never has been a case of admiralty jurisdiction in England. We mean seizures under the laws of impost, navigation, or.trade of the United States, where the seizures are made
on waters navigable from the sea by vessels of ten or more tons burden, within the respective districts of the courts, as well as upon
the high seas. And this, we have sh6wn in a previous part of this opinion, was decided in England as early as 1754, with the subsequent assent of the common law judges, not to be a jurisdiction conferred
upon the courts of admiralty in the colonies by statutes, but was a case in the colonies of admiralty jurisdiction (2 Rob. 246). And so' it is treated in .the ninth section of the Judiciary Act of 1789. We cannot help thinking that section - a declaration by Congress
contemporary with the adoption of the constitution -very decisive against4he limitation contended for by counsel in this case. Again, this court decided, -as early as 1805 (2 Cranch, 405), in the case of the Sally, that the forfeiture of a vessel, under the act of Congress against the slave-trade, was a case of admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction, and.not of common law. And so it had done before, in the case of the La Vengeance (3 Dall. 397). Again, Congress, by an act passed the 19th of June, 18t3 (3 Stat. :at Large, 2), declared that a vessel employed in a fishing voyage should be answerable for the fishermen's share of the fish caught, upon- a con-
tract made on land, in the same form and to the same effect as any other vessel is by law liable to be proceeded against for the wages of seamen or mariners in the merchant service. We sball cite no more, though we might do so, of legislative and judicial interpretations, to show that the admiralty jurisdiction of the courts of the United States is not.confined to the cases of .admiralty jurisdiction in England when the constitution was adopted.
No such interpretation has been permitted in respect to any other power in the constitution. In what aspect would it iot be p~rsented, if applied to the clause immediately preceding the grant of admiralty jurisdiction, - ,, to all cases affecting ambassadors, other ministers, and .consuls " ? Is that grant, too, to be interpreted by the jurisdiction which the English common law courts exercise in cases affecting those functionaries, or to be-.regulated by what Lord Coke says, in4 Inst. 152, to be their liabilities to punishment for offences ? Try the interpretation proposed by its application to the grant to Congress " to establish uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States." Would it not result in this, that all the power which Congress had under that grant was the bankrupt system ofEngland as it existed there when the constitution was adopted ? Such a limitation upon. that clause we deny. We think we may very safely say, such interpretations of

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

459

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

any grant in the constitution, or limitations upon those grants, according to any English legislation or judicial rule, cannot be permitted. At most, they furnish only analogies to aid us in our constitutional expositions. We therefore conclude, that the grant of admiralty power to the courts df the United States was not intend-
ed to be limitdd or to be interpreted by what were cases of admiralty jurisdiction in England when the constitution was adopted.
We will now consider the proposition, that the test against admiralty jurisdiction in England and the United States is the competency of a *courtof common law to give a remedy in a given case in a trial by jury ; or that in all cases, except in seamen's
wages, where the courts of common law have a concurrent jurisdiction with the admiralty, and can try the cause and give redress, that alone takes away the admiralty jurisdiction. It has the authority of Lord Coke to sustain it. But it was the effort and the design of Lord
Coke to make locality the boundary in cases of contract, as well as in tort, that is, to limit the jurisdiction in admiralty to contracts made on the sea and to be executed on the sea ; and to exclude its jurisdiction in all cases of marine contracts made on the land, though they related exclusively to marine services, principally to be exe-
cuted on the sea. To that extent the admiralty courts were prohibited by the common law judges from exercising jurisdiction, until the unreasonableness and inconvenience of the restriction forced them to relax it in the case of seamen's wages. "Then it was that the common law courts began to reflect upon what jurisdiction in admiralty rested, and upon the principles upon which it would attach. With the acknowledgment of all of them ever since, it was affirmed that the subject-matter, and not locality, determined
the jurisdiction in cases of contract. Passing over intermediate decisions showing the manner and the reasons given or the relaxation in the one case, and the revival of the other, for which the admiralty always contended, we will cite the case of Menetone v. Gibbons, 3 Durn. & East, 269, 270, Lord Kenyon and Sir Francis Buller say, in that case, the question whether the admiralty has or has not jurisdiction depends upon the subject-matter. We wish it to be remarked, however, that the manner of proceeding is another affair, with which we do not meddle now.
It was only upon the principle that the subject-matter in cases of contract determined- the jurisdiction, that this court decided the cases of The Aurora, 1 Wheat. 96, The General Smith, 4 Wheat. 438, and The St. Jago de Cuba, 9 Wheat. 409. - If, then, in both classes of civil cases of which the instance court
has jurisdiction, subject-matter in the-one class, and locality in the other, ascertains it, neither a jury trial nor the concurrent jurisaletion of the common law courts can be a test for jurisdiction in either class. Crimes, as well those of which the admiralty has jurisdiction as those of which it has not, except in cases of impeachment, the

460

SUPtfEME COURT.

Waring et al. v, Clarke.

constitution declares shall be tried by.a jury. But there is no pro-
vision, as the, constitution. originally was, from which it can be inferred that civil causes in admiralty were to be tried by a jury, contrary to, what the framers of the constitution knew was the mode of trial of issues of fact in the admiralty. We confess, then, we cannot see how they are to be embraced in the seventh amendment of the constitution, providing that in suits at common law the trial by jury should be preserved. - Cases under twenty dollars are not so provided for. *Does not the specification of amount show the
class of suits meant in the amendment, if any thing could show it more conclusively than the term "suits at common law" ?
Suits- at common law are a distinct class, so recognized in the constitutibn, whether they be such as are concurrent with suits of which there is jurisdiction in admiralty, or not. Can concurrent. jurisdiction imply exclusion of jurisdiction from tribunals, , in cases admitted to have been cases in admiralty, without trial by
jury ? Again, suits at common law indicate a class, to distinguish them from suits in eqjuity and admiralty; cases in admiralty another class distinguishable from both, as well as to the system of laws determining them 6s the manner of trial, except that in equity issues of fact Inay be sent to the common' law courts for a trial y jury. Suppose, then, the seventh amendment of the constitution bad, not been made, suits at the common law and in admiralty would have been tried in the accustomed way of each. But an amendment is made, inhibiting any law from being passed which shall take away the right of trial by jury in suits at iommon law. Now by what rule of interpretation or by what course of reasoning can such a provision be converted into an inhibition upon the mode of trial of suits which are not exclusively suits at common law, recogiz~d, too, as such by tie constitution, for 'the trial of which Congress can establish courts which are not courts of common law, but courts of admiralty, without or with a jury, in its discretion, to try all issues of fact ? Tried in either way, boughb, they are §till cases in admiralty, and this power, in Congress; under the grant of admiralty jurisdiction, to try issues of fact by jury, being as well known when the seventh amendment
.was made as it is now, is conclusive that it was done with reference tuonlseussitsitaits ctoombmeonimlapwlieadlonthe.at tThehearme einsdnmoeenstcsapweerferomprothpiosserdesublty,
Ipersons careless or ignorant o the difference in the mode of trial of

swueitsfi,nLait scoommemoofn thlaemw ainndCoinng'aredsms,iraalfteyw. mBountthtshaeyftewr,erperenpoatrisnog, afnodr
concurring in the enactmentof a. law, that the "trials of issues in fact in the District Courts, in all causes except civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, shall be by jury:"
In respect tothe -cluen the ninth section of the udeisary

Act, -" saving and reserving to. suitors in all cases a common -law remedy where the common law is competent to give it," -we

JANUARY TERN, 1847..

461

Waring et al..v. Clarke.

remark, its meaning is, that in cases' of concurreit jurisdiction, inadmiralty and common law, the jurisdiction in the latter is not taken away. The saving is for the benefit of suitors, plaintiff and
defendant, when the plaintiff in a case of coricurrent jurisdiction chooses to sue in the common law courts, so giving to himself and the defendant all the advantages wlich such tribunals can give.to
suitors in them. It certainly could not have been intended more for the benefit of the defendant than for the plaintiff, which would
be the case ithe could at his will force the plaintiff into a common law court, and in'that way release himself and his property from 'all the responsibilities which a court of admiralty can impose upon both, as a security and indemnity for injuries of which a libellant may complain, - securities which a court of common law cannot give. -
Having disposed of the objections to the jurisdiction of the courts of admiralty of the United States, growing out of the supposed limitation of them to the cases allowed in England and from the test of jury trial, we proceed to consider thabt objection to jurii diction in this case, because the collision took place ifra corpus
comitatus. We have admitted the validity of this objection in England, but on the other hand it cannot be denied-that the restric-
tion there to cases of collisinn happening super altum mare, bf without the fauces ierrn, was imposed -by the statutes of Richard,
contrary to what had been in England the annient exercise of admiralty jdrisdictibn in ports and bavefts within the ebb and flow of the' tide. We have seen no case, ancierit or modeim, from which it can correctly be inferred, that such exercise ofjurisdiction was pr6-
hibited by mere force of the common law. -The most that call be said in favor of the statutes of'Richard being affirmative of the common law, are. the assertions of Lord Coke and the prohibitions of the common law courts, subiequent to those statutes, and founded upon them, restricting the jurisdiction of the courts of admiralty to cases of collisions 'happening upon the high seas ; contrary to what we have already said was its ancient jurisdiction in ports and havens in cases of torts and collision, and certhiily in opposition
to what was th'en, and still continues to be, the admiralty jurisdiction, in cases of collision, of every other country in Europe.
But giving to such prohibitions of the cdurts of common law the utmost authority claimed for them, - that is, that they aire affir nances of the common law as interpretations of the statutes, of
Richard, - does it follow.that they are to be taken as a rule in'the admiralty courts oit the United States in cases of collision ? Must
it not first be'shown that the statutes of Richard were in force a
such in America, and that the colories considered and adopted that portion of the common l4w as applicable to their situation ? Now,
the statutes of Richard were never in force in anj of the colonies, except ds-they were adopted by the legislation of some of tfiem ; and the common law only in its geneial principles., as they were ap-
39*

462

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

plicable, with such portions of it as were adopted by common
consent in any one of the colonies, or by statute. This bding so, the rule in England for collision cases being neither obligatory here by the statutes of Richard nor by the common law, we feel ourselves permitted tp look beyond them, to ascertain what the locality is which gives jurisdiction-to the courts of the United States in cases of collision or tort, or what makes the subject-matter of any service or undertaking a marine contract. Are we bound to say, because it has been so said by the common law courts in England
in reference to the point under discussion, that sea always means high sea, or the main sea ? - that the waters flowing from it into havens, ports, and rivers are not "parcel of the sea " ? -that
the fact of the political division of a country into counties makes it otherwise, and takes away the jurisdiction in admiralty, in respect to all'the marine means of commerce and the injuries which may be done to vessels in their passage from the sea to their ports of destination, and in their outward-bound voyages until they are upon the high sed ? Is there not a surer foundation for a correct ascertainment of the locality of marine jurisdiction in the general admiralty law, than the designation of it by the common.law courts in
England f Especially when the latter has in no instance been apPlied by England as a limitation upon the general admiralty law in
any of her colonies ; and when in ill of them, until the -act of .2 William IV., c. 51, was passed, thie commissions gave to herviceadmirals jurisdiction "throughout all and every of the sea-shores,
public streams, ports, fresh-water rivers, creel~s and arms, as well of the sea as of the rivers and coasts whatsoever." Besides, the use of the word sea to fix admiralty jurisdiction, and what part of it might be within the body of a county, have not been settled
points among the common law judges in England. Lord Hale differed from Lord Coke. The former, in defining what the sea is, says,- " that -it "s either that- which lies within the body of the county or without ; that-arm or branch of the sea which lies within the fauces terrac is, or at least may.be, within the' body of a county ; that part which lies not within the body of a county is called the main sea.' It is difficult to reconcile the differences of opinion and of definition given by the common law tourts in Lord Coke's day, and for fifty years afterwar ds, as to the meaning and legal applica-
tion of the word sea, so as to make a practical rule to govern the decisions of cases, or to determine what were cases of admiralty
jurisdiction. But there is. no difficllty in making such a rule, if the construction -of it, by the admiralty courts, is adopted. In
that construction, it meant- not Qnly high sea, but arms of the sea,
Waters flowingq.rom it into ports and havens, and as high upon rivers as the tide ebbs and flows. We think in the controversy between the courts of admiralty and common law, upon the subject of ju-
risaiction, that the former have the best,of -the argument ; that they

JANUARY T]DRMi, 1,847,

46.

Waring ,et al. v. Clarke.

maintin the jurisdiction for which they contend with more learnmg, more directness of purpose, and without any of-that verbal subtilty which is found in the arguments of their adversaries. The conclusions of the admiralty, too, are more congenial with our geographical conditi6n. We may very reasonably infer they were
thought so on that a~count by the framers of the constitution when the judicial grant was expressed by them in .the words, - ," all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction." In those words it is given by Congress to the courts, leaving to them the interpre-
tation of what were such cases ; as well the subject-matter which
makes them so, as the locality which gives admiralty jurisdiction in cases of tort and collision. The grant, too, has been interpreted
by this court in some cases of the first class, which leaves no doubt upon our minds as to the locality which gives jurisdiction in the other. We do not consider it an open question, but res adjudicata
by this court. In Peyroux et al. v. Howard & Varion),.7 Pet. 342, the objection to the jurisdiction was overruled, upon the ground that the subject-matter of the service rendered was maritime, and performed within the ebb .and flow of the tide, at New Orleans. The court say, although the current in the Mississippi at
New Orleans may be so strong as not to be turned backward by the tide, yet if the effect of the tide upon the current is so great as to occasion a regular rise and fall of the water, it may. properly be said to be within the ebb and flow of the tide. The material consideration is, whether the service is essentially a maritime service and to be performed on the sea or on tide water. In the case of The Steamboat Orleans v. Phcebus, 11 Peters, 175, the jurisdiction of the court was denied, on the ground that the boat was not employed or intended to be employed in navigation and trade on the sea, or
on tide waters. In Steamboat Jefferson; Johnson claimant, 10 Wheat. 428, this court says, -" 1 In respect to contracts for the! ire of seamen, the admiralty never pretended to claim, nor could it rightfully exercise, any jurisdiction, except in cases where the service'was substantially performed, or to be performed, an the sea or upon waters idithin the ebb and flow of the tide. This is the prescribed limit, which it was not at liberty to transcend. We say, the service was to be substantially performed on the sea, or on tide water, because there is no doubt that the jurisdiction exists, although the comamencernent or termination of the voyage may hap-
pen to be at som place beyond the reach of the tide. The material consideration is, whether the service is essentially a maritime service. In the. present case the voyage, not only in its commencement and termination, but in all its intermediate progress, was several hundred miles above the obb and flow of the tide ; and iii no just sense can the wage§ be considered as earned in a mar-
itime employment." In- United States v. Coombs, 12 Pet. 72, where th3 question certified to thb court directly involved what was

464

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

the admiralty jurisdiction, under the grant of " all cases of admi-
ralty and maritime jurisdiction," the language- of this court is, "The question which arises is, What is the true nature and extent
of the admiralty jurisdiction ? Does' it, in cases where it is dependent upon locality, reach beyond high-water *ark ? Our opin-
ion is, that in cases purely dependent upon the locality of the act done, it is limited to the sea, and to tide waters, as far as the tide
flows ; and that it does not reach beyond high-water mark. It is the doctrine which has been repeatedly asserted by this court; and we see no reason to depart from it." Now, though none -of the foregoing cases are cases of collision upon tide waters, but of con-
tracts, services rendered essentially maritime, and in a case of wreck, -the point ruled in all of them, as to the jurisdiction of the court
in tide water as far as the tide flows, was directly presented for de-
cision in each of them. The locality of jurisdiction, then, having been ascertained, it must comprehend cases of collision happening in it. Our conclusion is, that the admiralty jurisdiction of the
courts of the United States extends to tide waters, as far as the tide flows, though that may be infra corpus comitatus ; that the case before us did happen where the tide ebbed and flowed infra corpus comitatus,'and that the court has jurisdiction to decree upon
the claim of the libellant for damages.
Before leaving this point, however, we desire to say that the ninth section of the Judiciary Act coontenances all the conclusions which have been announced in this opinion. We look upon it as legislative action contemporary with the first being. of the constitution, expressive of the opinion of some of its framdrs, that the grant of admiralty jurisdiction was to be interpreted by the courts in accordance with the acknowledged principles of general admiralty law. In that section the distinction is made between high seas and waters which are navigable from the sea by vessels of ten or more tons
burden. Admiralty jurisdiction is given upon both, and though the latter is confined by the language to cases of seizure, it is so with the understanding that such cases were strictly of themselves within the admiralty jurisdiction. It declares that issues of fact- in civil
causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction shall not be tried by a juy, and makes so clear an assignment to the 6ourts of jurisdiction in b'timinal, admiralty, and common law suits, that the two last cannot be,,so confounded as to place both of them under the seventh
amendment of the constitution, which is, - In suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a jury shall be 'otherwise r6examined, in any court of the United States, than according to the rules of the common law."
As to the merits of this case, as they.are disclosed by the evidence, we think that the Luda was run down, whilst she was in the accustomed channel of upward navigation, by the De Soto, being

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

465

Waring~et al. v. Clarke.

out of that for which she should have been steered to make the port to which she was bound. It is a fault which makes -the defendants answerable for the losses sustained from the collision. That loss will not be more than compensated by the decree of the Circuit
Court. We shall direct the decree to be affirmed. There is a point in thts" case still untouched by us, which we will
now decide. The libellants claim a recovery, independently of all the other evidence in the case, upon the single fact disclosed by it, that the collision happened whilst the De Soto was navigating the
river at night without such signal lights as are required by the tenth section of the act of the 7th of July, 1838 (5 Stat. at Large, 304). It is entitled, "An act to provide for the better security of the lives of passengers on board of vessels propelled in whole or part .by steam." The tenth section of it declares, - "It shall be the dUty of the master and owner of every steamboat, running between sunset and sunrise, to carry one or more signal lights, that may be seen by other boats navigating the same waters, under the penalty of two hundred dollars." This section, and the other provisions of the act, except as it has been changed by the act of 1843 (5 Stat. at Large, 626), apply to all steamers, whatever waters they may bd navigated upon, within the Uanited States or upon the coast of the same, between any of its ports. Signad lights at night are a proper precau tion conducing to the safety of persons and property. The neglect of it, or of any other requirement of the statute, subjects the masters and owners of steamboats to a penalty of two hundred dollars, which maybe recovered by suit or indictment (§ 11). But, be-
sides the penalty, if such neglect or disobedience of the law shall be proved to exist when injury shall occur to persons or property, it would throw upon the master and owner of a steamboat by whom the law has been disregarded the burden of proof,. to show that the injury done was not the consequence of it.
It is said, in this case, that the De Soto had not signal lights.
Whether this be so or not, we do not determine ; but it is certain, from some cause or other, that they were not seen by those navigating the Luda. If they had been, it is not improbable that the collision would have been avoided. We do not put our decision of this case, however, upon this ground, but we do say, if a collision occurs between steamers at night, and one of them has not signal lights, she will be held responsible for all losses until it is proved
that the"collision was not the consequence of it. The act of July 7th, 1838, in all its provisions, is obligatory
upon the owners and masters of steamers navigating the waters of the United States, whether navigating on waters within a State or
between States, or waters running from dne State into another State, or on the coast of the United States between the ports of
the same State or different States.

466

SiPREME COURT"

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

Mr. Justice CATRON. The question here is, how far the judicial powers of the District Courts extend in cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, as conferred by the constitution. With cases of prize, and cases growing out of the revenue laws, we have no concern at present. These 'depend on the general power conferred on the judiciary to try all cases arising under the laws of the United States. It isonly with the extent of powers possessed by the District Courts,
acting as instance courts of admiralty, we are dealing. The act of 1789' gives the entire constitutional power to determine "all civil
cadfses of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction," leaving the courts to ascertain its limits, as cases may arise. And the precise case here is, whether jurisdiction exists to try a case of collision taking place on, the Mississippi river, on fresh water slightly influenced by the pressure of tide from the ocean, but ivithin the body of the State of Louisiana, and between vessels propelled by. steam, and navigating that river only. It is an extreme case ; still, its decision either way must govern all otheis taking place in the bays, harbours, inlets, and riVers of the Unifed States where the tide flows ; as the rule is, that Iccality gives jurisdiction in cases of collision, and that it exists if the influence of the tide is at all felt (2 Browne's Civil and Admiralty Law, 110; 7 Peters, 343). Where this collision occurred, the influence of the tide was felt.
We have, then', presedted, simply and broadly, the question whether the District Courts, when acting as instance courts of
admiralty, have power to try any case. of collision occurring in the body of a county of any State.
In Great Britain, in 1776, when our separation from that country took place, the common law courts issued writs of prohibition to the Court .of Admiralty, restraining the exercise of this' jurisdiction in cases of collision taking place on rivers 'within the flow of tide, and within the body of an English county ; but the admiralty has continued at times to exercise the jurisdiction, nor do I think the validity of such a decree could be called in- question, because of the want of power. In the British colonies 6n this- continent, and
elsewvhere, the jurisdiction to proceed in rem (in such a case) has been undisputed, so far as I can ascertain, and a cause of collision in the instance court of admiralty is peculiarly'a suit in 'ein, commencing with the arrest of the shipJ Abbott on .Shipping, 233.
I agree with my dissenting brethren, that the consti tution of the United States is an instrument and plan of 'government fbunded in the common law, and that to common.law terms tand principles we must refer for a true understanding of it, as a .general rule having few exceptions ; and so, also, to the common law modes of proceeding.in the exercise of the judicial power we must refer as a general rule covering the whole ground of remedial justice to' be administered by the national courts.' To this there, are two promi-

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

467

Waring et al. v. Clarke.-

nent exceptions ; first, the trial of cases in equity ; and, secondly, of cases of admiralty and maritime ju1lsdiction. These may be tried according to the forms of the English chandery court, or the English admiralty court, and. without the intervention of. a jury.In chancery, the true limit of judicial power is preseribed by the
sixteenth section of the Judiciary Act of 1789. The equity powers begin where the common law powers end, in affording an adequate remedy. So, in cases arising in bodies of counties (where the common law prevails) that would be cognizable in the admiralty
had the cause of action arisen on the ocean, the English rule has
been equally stringent in maintaining the common law remedies where they could afford plain and adequate'relief. And I hink the
case before us must be tested by the foregoing principles. The
proceeding is against the vessel, which the decree condemns ; -the
case is the same as on a bottomry bond enforced against the vessel, or of a mortgage enforced in chancery. Iii neither case have the
common law courts any power to afford relief, by enforcing the lien on the thing - still, the remedy at law, in case of the mortgage
or the collision, is open to the injured party to proceed against the person ; that is, of the debtor in the one case, and against the trespasser in the other. By the maritime law, the vessel doing the injury is liable in rem for the tort ; this is the right, and the remedy
must be found somewhere. Chancery has no power to interfere, nor have the common law courts any power to seize the vessel and condemn her ; and it seems to me to be a strange dnomaly, that where no other court Can afford the particular relief, in a case 'confessedly within the admiralty jurisdiction if occurrmig.on the. ocean, that the power did not exi't because the trespass tPok place in the body of a State and county.
I have thus briefly stated my reasons for sustaining admiralty jurisdiction in this instance, because of the divided opinions of the judges on the question; and because I do not intend to be committed to any views beyond those arising on the precise case before the court. I therefore concur that the jurisdiction exists. The -facts in my judgment authorize the affirmance of the decree below.

WOODBURY, J., dissenting.
It is important to notice in the outset some unusual features in this case. The Supreme Court is balled. upon to try the facts as well as the law in it, and to decide them between parties in interest who belong to the same .State, and as to a transaction which happened, not on the high seas, as is usaal in torts under "admiralty jurisdiction, but two hundred miles above the mouth of the Mississippi river, within the limits of a coi-ity, and in the heart of the State of Louisiana. A question of jurisdiction, therefore, arisesin this, which is very important, and must first be disposed of. It

468

SUPREME COURT.

Waring'et al. v. Clarke.

involves the trial by jury as to trespasses of every kind happening between the ocean and the head of tide-waters in all -tlie numerous rivers of the United States, as well as the rights of the citizens near them, in such disputes with their neighbours, to be tried by their own local tribunals and their own laws, rather than be subject to th. great inconvenience and expense of coming hither, at such a distance, and under a different code to vindicate their just claims. These interesting considerations in the case, and my differing in opinion on them from the majority of the court, will, it is hoped, prove a
sufficient apology for justifying that difference in some detail. A. great principle at the foundation of our political system ap-
plies strongly to the pi'esent case, and is, that, while supporting all the powers clearly granted to the general government, we ought to
forbear interfering with what has been reserved to the States, and, in cases of doubt, to follow where that principle leads, unless prevented by the overruling authority of high judicial decisions. So, under the influence of kindred considerations, in case of supposed improvements or increased convenience by changes of the law, it is'
an imperative duty on us to let them be made by representatives of the people and the States, through acts of Congress, rather than
by judicial legislation. Paine's C. C. 75. Starting with these views, then, what is the character of the adjudged cases on the facts here to which they are to be applied ? -
Those to b, found on the subject of torts through the collision of vessels are mostly of English origin, coming from a nation which is not only the source of much of our own jurisprudence, but entitled by her vast commerce to great respect in all matters of maritime usage and admiralty law. No principle appears to be better settled there than that the court of admiralty has not jurisdiction over torts, whether*to person or property, unless committed on the high seas, and out of the limits of a county. 3 Bl. Com. 106 ; 4 Instit. 134; Doug. R. 13; 2 East's Crown Law, 803; Bac. Abr., Courts of .Bdmiralty, A ; 5 Rob. Ad. 345 ; Fitzh. Abr.
192, 416 ; 2 Dod. 83 ; 4 Rob. Ad. 60, 73 ; 2 Browne's Civ. and Ad. Law, 110, 204 ; 2 Hag. Ad. 398;'3 D. & E.,315; 3 Hag. Ad. 283, 369 ; 4 Instit. 136; Chamberlain et al. v. Chandler, 3 Mason's C. C. 244. This is not a doctrine which has grown up there since the adoption of our constitution, nor one obsolete and lost in the mist of antiquity ; but it is laid down in two acts of Parliament as early as the fourteenth century, and has been adhered to uniformly since, except where modified Within a few years by express statutes. The Public Opinion, 2 Hag. Ad. 398 ; 6 Dane's
Abr. 341.
The first of these acts, the thirteenth of Richard II., declared that the admiralty must "not meddle henceforth of any thing done within the realm, but only of a thing done upon the sea." 3 Hag.
Ad. 282 ; 1 Statutes at Large, 419. Then, in two years after,

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

469

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

to remove any doubts as to what was meant by.the realm and the sea, came the fifteenth of Richard II., ordering, that of "things
done withih the bodies of counties, by land or water, the admirals shall have no cognizance, but they shall be tried by the law of the land." 2 Pickering's Statutes, 841. This gave to the common law courts there, and forbade to the admiralty, the trial of all collisions between vessels when not on the high seas, and not out of the body of a county, though on waters navigable and salt, and where strong tides ebbed and flowed. 2 Hag. Ad. 398 ; Selden on Dominion of the Sea, B. 2, ch. 14. And it did this originally, and continued to do it, not only down to the eighteenth century, but to our Revolution, and long since ; because it was necessary to secure the highly prized trial by jury, rather than by. a single judge, for every thing happening where a jury could be had from the vicinage of the occurrence within a county, and because it secured a decision on their rights by the highly prized common law, inherited from their fathers, and with which they were familiar, rather than by the civil law or any other foreign code, attempted to be forced upon the commons and barons by Norman conquerors or their partisans.
Among the cases in point as to this, both long before and since our Revolution, one of them, Velthasen v. Ormsley, 3 D. & E. 315, happened in A. D. 1789, the very year the constitution was adopted. See also Violet v. Blague, Cro. Jac. 514; 2 Hag. Ad. 398 ; 4 Instit. 134-138 ; 6 Dane's Abr. 341, Prohibition. And one of the most strenuous advocates for admiralty jurisdiction in Great Britain admits, that for damages d6ne by the collision of ships, "if done at sea, remedy can be had in the admiralty, but not if it happen within the body of a county." 2 Brownes Civ. and Ad. LaT£, I111.

Since then, on his complaint, an express statute has been passed; 1 and.2 George IV., ch. 75, § 32, that any damage done by a

foreign ship, "in any harbour, port, river, or creek," may be prosecuted either in admiralty or common law courts. The Christiana; 2 Hag. Ad. 184 ; 38 British. Statutes, ch. 274. And, later still, a like change is considered by some to be made concerniug

injuries by domestic ships, under the 4 and 5 Victoria, ch. 45.

See it in the Statutes at Large. But till these statutes,, not a case of this kind can probably be found sustained in admiralty, even on

the river Thames, at any place within the body of a county, though

.yearly covered with a large portion of the navigation of the world. See cases before cited, and 1 Dod. Ad. 468 ; 1 Win. Rob. 47, 131,182, >16, 371, 391, 474 ; Curtis's Admiralty, tit. Collision.
Nor is this a peculiarity in the admiralty system of that country

confined to torts alone. But the same rule prevails as to crimes, and has always been adhered to, with a single exception, originally

made in the statute itself of Richard, as to murder and mayhem

committed in g eat vessels in the-great rive, s below the first bridges.

VOL. V.

40

470

SUPREME' COURT.

Waring. -et al. v. Clarke.

Corn. Dig. .dmiralty, E, 5, note; Hale's History of Common Law, 35; 3 Rob. Ad. 336; 4 Inst. 148; 1 Hawk. P. C., oh. 87, § 36 ; Palmer?s Practice in House of Lords, 371, note.
The next inquiry is, if this distinction, confining the jurisdiction in admiralty over torts to such as happen on the high seas without
the limits of a county, rested on such important principles as to be adopted in this country ? Some seem disposed to believe it of so little consequence as hardly to have been worth attention. But this is a great mistake. The controversy was not in England, and is not here, a mere struggle between salt and fresh water,- sea and lake, - tide and ordinary current, - within a county and without, - as a technical matter only.
But there are imbedded beneath the surface three great questions of principle in connection with these topics, which possess the gravest constitutional character. And they can hardly be regarded
as 6f little consequence here, and assuredly not less than they possessed abroad, where they involve, (1.},the abolition of the trial by jury over large tracts of country, (2.) the substitution there of the civil law and its forms for the common law and statutes of the States, (3.) and the encroachment widely on the jurisdiction of the tribunals of the State over disputes happening there between its
own citizens.
Without intending to enter with any minuteness into the origin and history of admiralty jurisdiction abroad, it will be sifficient, in order to illustrate the vital im'portance of this question of locality, to say that the trial by jury and the common law, so ardently adhered to by the Anglo-Saxon's, was- soon encroached on after the Conquest by the Norman admirals claiming jurisdiction 'over certain maritime matters, not only on the ocean, and trying them without a jury, and on principles of their favorite civil law, but on the waters within the body of a county, and where a jury'could easily be summoned, and where the principles of the common law had ever in England. been accustomed to ptevhil. A struggle therefore, of course, soon sprung up in respect to this, as their 'monarchs had begun to organize an admiral's court within a century after the Conquest, but without any act of Parliament now found to vindicate it.
See the Statutes at Large, and 3 Reeves's History of the English Law, 197. And laying down some regulations as to its powers by ordinances, as at Hastings, under Edward the First, but not by any acts of Parliament consulting the wishes of the barons and
the commons. Whether this-was constitutional or not, it was sufficient to make them look on the.. admiralty as a foreign and odious interloper. Reeves says (3 Reeves's Hist. of English Law, 137),-
"The office of admiral is considered by the French as a piece of state invented by them." And whether it was imported thence by the conquerors, or originated with the Rhodians, or Romans, or
Sitracens, rather than the French or English, its principles seem to

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

471

Waring e t al. v. Clarke.

have been transplanted to Western Europe from the Mediterranean,
the cradle of commerce for all but the Asiatic world ; and it was regarded by the commons and barons of England as an intruder into
that realm, and without the sanction of Parliament. In the course of a few years, that same sturdy spirit, which in
Magna Charta was unwilling to let the laws of England be changed for a foreign code, proceeded, by the 13th and 15th of'Richard II., to denounce and forbid the encroachments of the admirals, and their new forms and code of the civil law, into the bodies of counties and the local business of the realm. It produced those two memorable acts of Parliament, never since departed from in torts or crimes except under express statutes, and fixing the limit of jurisdiction for them at the line between the counties and the high seas. And they have ever since retained it there, except as above named, from the highest principles of safety to the common law, English
liberties, and the inestimable trial by jury,- principles surely no
less dear in a republic than a monarchy. If the power of the admiral was permitted to act beyond that line,
it was manifestly without the apology which existed thus far on the ocean, of there being no jury to be called from the vicinage to try the case. Prynne's Animadversiong, 92, 93 ; Fitzh. Abr. 192, 216. And if the act, by an alias and a fiction, was alleged to be done in the county, when in fact it happened at a distance, on the seas, the jury would-be less useful, not in truth residing near the place of the
occurrence, not acquaint-i with the parties or witnesses, and the case itself not being one happening where the common law usually operated, and with which the people and the judges were familiar.
This last circumstance furnished another reason why the admiralty court was allowed there, arid should be here, to continue to exercise 'some jurisdiction, beside their. militdry and naval power, over the oonduct of seamen and the business of navigation when foreign. Because such matters were connected with the ocean,
with foreign intercourseforeign laws, and foreign people, and it was desirable to have the law as to them uniform, and administered by those possessing some .practical acquaintance with such subjects ; they being, in shcrt, matters extra-territorial, international, and peculiar in some degree to the great highway of nations. It is when thus confined to that great highway and its concerns, that admiralty law deserves the just tribute sometimes paid to it of expansive wisdomand elevated equity.* Then only there is an excellence in such regulations as to navigation over those for rights
and duties on land ; the last being often more for a single people, and their limited territory, while the former ate on most matters more expanded, more liberal, - the gathered wisdom of and for

* And the vice-admiral is hence quaintly called "the justice of the peace for the sea," by Sir Leoline Jenkins; but *ho ever supposed him the justice of the peace two hundred miles inwrd froi the sei?

47!

SUPREME COURT6

Waring .et al. v. Clarke.

all maritime ages and nations. They are also what has been ap-
proved by all rather than a few, and for. the territory of all in com-
mon. And hence that beautiful tribute paid to them by Antoninus, and just as beautiful, that be Was "lord of the world, but Law the lord of the sea." 2 Browne's Civ. and Ad. Law, 38.
The sea being common to all nations, its police and the rights and duties on it should be governed mainly by one code, known to all, and worthy to be respected and enforced by all. This, it will be
seen, indicates in letters of strong light the very line of boundary which we have been attemptingto draw, on grounds of deep prinqiple, here as well as in England. It is the line between State territory abd State laws on the one band, and the ocean, the terri-
tory of all nations, and the laws of all nations, the admialty and sea laws of all nations, on the other hand, leaving with those, for instance, residing within local jurisdictions, and doing business there, the local laws and local tribunals, but with those whose home and
busine.,s are on the ocean the forms and laws and tribunals which are more familiar to them. This line being thus a certain and fixed one, and resting on sound principles, has in England withstood the shock of ages. It is true, that some modifications have been recently made there, but only by express, statutes, and carefully
guarded"so as not to innovate on the common law and the trial by jury. That this line of distinction was in fact appreciated quite as highly here as in England is shown by various circumstances that need not be repeated ; but among them were solemn resolutions of the old Congress against acts concerning trade and revenue, extending the power of admiralty courts beyond their ancient limits,
and thus taking away the trial by jury. I Journal, 19, 20. And as a striking evidence of the dangerous importance ittached to this outrage, it was 'remarked in the convention of North Carolina, that "the Stamp Act and the taking away of the trial by jury were the principal causes of resistance to Great Britain." '4Elliot's Deb. 157. Indeed, this same jealousy of the civil law, and its mode of proceeding without a jury, led, in the first legislation by Congress, to forbid going into chancery at all, if relief at law is as ample and appropriate. See sixteenth section of Judiciary Act, 1 Statutes at Large, 83. So as to admiralty, -a statute of Pennsylvania,passed during the Revolution, allowed it only in cases " not cognizable at common law." I Dall. 106. And our fathers never could have meant, that parties, for matters happening withi a county or State, should be dragged into admiralty any more than equity, if as full a remedy, and of as good a. kind, existed in courts of law, where they could enjoy their favorite code and mode of trial. I
Bald. C. C. 405. This would leave much to admiralty still, as well as to equity, and more especially in the former, by proceedings
in rem. And when it became convenient to vest additional power in the same court, or power over a wider range of territory, as it

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

473

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

might in the progreis of society and business, it could be done here by express statute, as it has been in respect to the Lakes, ufider the
power to regulate commerce, and allowing a trial by jury if desired.
In short, instead of less, much additional importance should be attached to this line of distinction here, beyond what exists in
England; because it involves here not only all the important consequences it does there, but some which are new and peculiar.
Instead of being, as it once was there' a contest between 'courts
of one and the same government, it may become here a struggle for jurisdiction between courts of the States and courts of the
United' States, always delicate, and frequently endangering the harmony of our political system. And while the result there, in favor of the adiniralty, would cause no additional incpnvenience and expense, as all the courts sit in one city, such a result here compels
the parties to travel beyond their own counties or States, and in
case of appeal to come hither, a distance sometimes of a thousand or fifteen hundred miles.
Admitting, then, as we must, that the doctrine I have laid down as to torts was the established law in England at our Revolution, and was not a mere technical doctrine, but rested on great prineiples, dear to the subject .and his rights and liberties, should it not
be considered as the guide here, except where altered, if at -allb,y our colonial laws or constitutions, or acts of Congress, or analogies
which are binding, or something in it entirely unsuitable to our condition ? The best ahthorities require that it should be. 1 Peters's Ad. 116, 236, note ; 1 Peters's 0.C. 104, 111-114 ; I Paine's (C. . 111 ; 2 Gall. 398, 471 ; 3 Mason, 27 ; Bemis v. The Janus etal., 1 Baldwin's C. C. 545 1 12 Wheat. 638; 1 Kent's Com. 377 ; 4 Dall. 429 ; 4 Wash. C. C. 213. Yet this is contested inthe present case.
Some argue that the constitution, by extending the judicial power to " all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction," meant cases different from those recognized in England as belonging to the admiralty at the Revolution, or those as modified by ourselves when colonies. These jurists stand prominent, and their views seem to-day adopted by a portion of this court. See the -argument in De Lovio v. Boit, 2 Gall. 398.
The authorities which I have cited against this position seem to me overwhelming in number and strength; and some of them come from those either engaged in making the constitution, or in construing it in the earliest stages of its operation. Let me ask, What books had we for admiralty law, then, as well as commpn law, - both referred to in the constitutio,-but almost exclusively Englishones? What had the profession here been educated to administer, - English or French admiralty ? Surely the former. The judges here were English, the colonies English, and appeals, in all cases on the instance side of the court, lay to the English admiralty at home.
40 *

474

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al, v. Clarke.

'What "cases of admiralty," then, were most likely to be in the minds of those who incorporated those words into the constitution ?-
cases in the English reports, or those in Spain, or Turkey ? cases living and daily cited and practised on both in England and here, or those in foreign and dead languages, found in the assizes of Jerusalem near the time of. the Crusades ?
It is inferred by some, from 6 Dane's Abr. 352, 353, that cases
in admiralty are to. be ascertained, not by English law at the Revolution, but by principles of "gederal law." And Judge Washington held, it is said, we must go to the general maritime law of the wdrld,
and not to England -alone. Dain et al. v..Sloop Severn, 4 Hazard's Penn. Reg. 248, in 1828. But the whole tenor of Mr. Dane's qpotalions and reasons, in respect to admiralty jurisdiction, is to place it on the English basis ; and Judge Washington, in several in-
stances, took it for his guide, and commended it as the legal guide. Inthe United States v. Gill, 4 Dall. 429, he says : ""B-ut still the question "recurs, Is this a case of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction
within the meaning of the constitution ? The words of the constitution must be taken to refer to the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of England, from whose code and practice we derived our sys-
tems of jurisprudence,, and, generaily speaking, obtain the bqt
glossary." See also 4 Wash. 456, 457. Neither of these eminent jurists was ever likely to go to the laws
of Continental Europe as guides, unless in cases not well settled either here or in England, and' then, as in the common law courts and in chancery, they might pr'operly search all enlightened systems of jurisprudence for suggestions and principles to aid. Chaneellqr Kent, also, with his accustomed modesty, yet with clearness, supporting a like doctrine with that just quoted from Judge Washington, observes, - ,,But I ipprehend it may fairly be doubted, whether the corstitution of the United States meant, by admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, any thing more than that jurisdiction which was settled and in practice in this country under the English juris-
prudence when the constitution was made." 1 Kent's Com. 377. Another strong proof that this was the opinion prevailing here at thit time is, that a court of admiralty was established in Virginia, in 1779, under the recommendation of Congress to all the States to make prize courts ; and, by the -act of Assembly, it is expressly provided tha: they are to be "governed in their proceedings and decisions by the regulations of the Congress of the United States of America, by the acts of the General Assembly, by the laws of
Oleron, and the Rhodian and Imperial laws, so far as they have been heretofore observed in the English courts of admiralty, and by the laws of nature and nations." 10 Hening's Stat. 98. They thus, after our own laws, State and national, made England the guide.
It -is said by others, appealing to feelings of national pride, that we are to look to our own constitkition and laws, and not to Eng-

JANUAI Y TERM; 1847.

4%

Waring et lal.v. Clarke.

land, for a guide. So we do look to our own laws and constitution first, and when they are silent-go elsewhere. Bu; what are our own laws and constitution, unless those in England before our Revolution, except so far as altered here, either before, or then, or since, and ex4, cept such in England then as were not applicable to our condition and form of government ? This was the guide adopted by this court in its practice as early as August 8th, -1791 (1 Howard, 24), and as late as January, 1842, it treated the practice in England as the rule in equity, where not otherwise directed ; and in Gaines e'tal. v. Relf et al., 15 Peters, 9, it decided that when our own "rules do not apply, the practice of the Circuit and District Courts'must be regulated.by the practice of the court of chancery in England." See, also, Vattier v. Hinde, 7 Peters, 274. And most of its forms and rules in admiralty have been adopted in our District and Circuit Courts. See Rule XC., in 1 How. 66, Pref
And this court has again and again disposed of important admiralty questions, looking to England alone, rather than the Continent, as a guide when they differed.
Thus the Continental law would carry admiralty jurisdiction over all navigable streams. Yet this court has deliberately refused to do it, in.The Thomas Jefferson, 10 Wheat. 428. Had it not so refused, in repeated instances, there would have been no necessity for the recent act of Congress as to the Lakes and their tributaries. So, ·the civil law gives a lien for repairs of domestic ships ; but this court has not felt justified in doing it without a statute, because not done in England. 7 Peters, 324. And in Hobartv. Drogan et al., 10 Peters, 122, this court felt bound to follow the English decisions as to salvage, though in some respects harsh. See, also, 3
Howard, 568. So, when the constitution and the acts of Congress speak, as they
do in several instances, of the "1common law," do they not 'mean the English common law ? This court so decided in Robinson v. -Campbell, 3 Wheat. 223, adhering, it said, "1to the principles of common law and equity, as distinguished and defined in that country, from which we derive our knowledge of those principles." Why not, then, mean the English admiralty law when they speak of "1cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction" ? They of
course must, by all analogous decisions and by established usage, as well as by the opinions of eminent jurists. The English decisions furnish, also, the most natural, appropriate,, uniform, and wellknown principles, both for action and .judicial decision.
It would be extraordinary, indeed, for this court t6 undertake to exercise a legislative power as to this point, and without warrant to
,search the world over and select, for the trial of private rights, any law they may prefer. On the contrary, its duty rather is to declare the law which has already become ours, which we inherited from 'our ancestors or have enacted ourselves, and which is not vagrant

476

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. r. Clarke.

and uncertain, but to be found in our own judicial history and instiiutions, our own constitution, acts of Congress, and binding precedents. Congress also might, in many instances, perhaps, make the law better than it is, and mould it so as to meet new exigencies in so-
ciety, and suit different stages of business and civilization ; and, by new laws as to navigable waters, judicial tribunals, and various other matters, is yearly doing this. But does this court possess that legis-
lative power ? And if Congress chooses to give additional jurisdiction to the District Court on the Lakes, or tide-waters, or navigable streams between them, and allow jury trials when desired, under its power to regulate commerce and collect a revenue, will this not answer every valuable purpose, and supply any new want or fancied improvement in a more satisfactory and more constitutional manner than for courts to do it without consulting Congress ?
That Congress possess the power to do this cannot be plausibly questioned. The late law as to jurisdiction over the Lakes, vhich is given to the District Court, but not a§ an admiralty case under the constitution, and with a jury when desired, is a strong illustration of legislative opinion being the way we contend.
Any expansion or enlargement can be thus made, and by withdrawing in part the jurisdiction now conferred on the District
Courts in any matters in admiralty, Congress can also abridge the exercise of it as experience and time may show to be wise. For this reason, we are unable to see the force of the argument just offe,'ed by four members of this court, that if the English admiralty
law was referred to in the expression of ",all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction," no change in it could be made, without being
at the trouble and expense of altering the constitution. But in further answer to this, let me ask if the constitution, as
they contend, was meant to include cases in admiralty as on the Continent of Europe rather than in England, could the law as to them be more easily altered than if it was only the law of England ? And would it not take the interpretation of the admiralty law as much from the courts in one case as in the other ?
It is conceded, next, that legislation has, in some respects, in England, since 1789, changed and improved her admiralty proceed,ngs ; but this only furnishes additional evidence that the law was different when our constitution was framed, and that these .changes, when useful and made at all, should be made by legislation and not by judicial construction, and they can rightfully have no force here till
so made. United States v. Paul, 6'Peters, 141. The difference, -too, between a change by Congress and by this court alone is, furtliermore, that the former, when making it, can and doubtless will allow a trial by jury, while we are unable to do this, if we make the change by construing the case to be one legitimately of admiralty
jurisdiction.
Finally, then, the law, as it existed in England at the time of the

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

477

Waring et al. i. Clarke.

Itevolution, as to admiralty jurisdiction over torts, is the only certiii. and safe guide, unless it has been. clearly changed in this respect; either by the constitution, or acts of Congress, or some colonial authority. We have already seen that the constitutian has not used words which are fairly open:to the idea that any such change was intended. Nor has it made any alteration in terms as to torts. And no act of Congress has introduced any change in respect to torts, having in this respect merely conferred on the District Courts cognizance of" all civil cases " in admiralty, without in a single instance defining what shall be such cases in connection with torts. The next inquiry, then, is, whether the colonies changed the law as to the locality of torts, and exercised jurisdiction 6ver them inadmiralty, though'committed within a county and not on the high seas.
I am compelled to go into these details more than would otherwise be done, considering their tediousness, on account of the griat reliance on them in one of the opinions just read. In 6rder to operate on the point under consideration, it will be seen that any colonial change must have been so clear and universal as to have been
referred to in the constitution and the act of Congress of 1789, and to be the meaning intended by their makers to be embraced in the expression of "c ases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction,' .
rather than the meaning that had usually been attached to them by the English language and the judicial tribunals of England, for centuries. And this' change, likewise, must have been clearly meant to be referred to and adopted, notwithstanding its great encroachment in torts on the boasted trial by jury, and which encroachment they were denouncing as tyranny in other cases, and notwithstanding its natural consequences viould be new collisions with the powers of the State tribunals, which they were most anxious to avoid. I have searched in vain to find acts of assembly in afiy of the thirteen colonies, before 1776, making such a change, much less in a majority or all of them. Nor can I find. any such judicial decisions by vice-admiralty courts in any of-them, much less in all. Nor is it pret-nded that any acts of Parliament or judgments in the courts in England had prescribed a different rule in torts for the colonies from what prevailed at home.
It would be difficult, then, to show that a law had become changed in any free country, except by evidence contained in its legislation, or constitutions, or judicial decisions. But some persons, and among them a portion of this bench, have referred to commissions of office to vice-admirals as evidence of a change here ; and some, it is feared, have been misled by them. 1 Kent's Com. 367, note; 2 Gall. 373.
These-commissions, in the largest view, only indicated what might
be done, not what was actually afterwards done under them. In the next place, all must see, on reflection, that a commission issued by the king could not repeal or alter the established laws of the land.

478

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. r. Clarke.

Beside the forms of some 'of these commissions, referred to in
De Lovio v. Boit (2 Gall. 398), an entire copy of one of them is inStokes, and another in Dauonceau on Jurisdiction, p. 158, and
inWoodcock's Laws of the British Colonies, p. 66. It will be seen that they are much alike, and though there are expressions in
them broad enough to cover' all " fresh waters " and j"rivers," and
even "Ibanks of any of the same" (Woodeock, 69), yet tidewaters are never named as the limit of jurisdiction ; and, over and paramount to the whole, the judge is required to kee- and cause to
be executed there "1the rights, statutes, laws, ordinances, and customs anciently observed." Where anciently observed ? In Eng-
land, of course; and thus, of course, were to comply with the English statutes and decisions as to admiralty matters.
This limitation is inserted several times, from abundant caution, in the commission in Woodcock, 66, 67, 69.
But beside these conflicting features in different parts of them, the commissions of vice-admirals here seem, ii, most respects, copies of mere forms of ancient date in England (Woodcock's Brit. Col. 123), and, of course, were never intended to be used in the colonies as alterations of 4the laws, and were, as all know, void and obsolete
in England when differing from positive statutes. So virtually ft was held in the colonies themselves. The Little Joe, Stewart's
Ad. R. 405; and The ApollQ, 1 Hag. Ad. 312; Woodcock's Laws and Const. of the ColonieS, 123. These commissions, also, if-they prove any thing here actually done different from the laws in England, except what was made different by express statute, as to
matters connected with breaches of the laws of revenue and trade, and not as to torts, prove quite too much, as they go above tidewater and even on the land.
But it is not believed that they led to any practices under them
here different from the laws at home in respect to torts. None can now be found stated, either in reports of cases or contemporaneous history' Probably in the colonies the same rules- as at home prevailed on this, for another reason ; because no statute was passed as to torts here, and appeals to the admiralty at home existed, on the instance side of the court, till a recent change, so ad to preserve
uniformity in the colonies and at home. Bains v. 'The James,
Baldw. 549 ; -Woodcock, 242. A case of one of those appeals is reported in 2 Rob. 248, 249, The Fabius. There the enlarged powers conferred on vice-admiralty-courts by the 6 and 7 of William
III., as to seizures and prosecutions for breaches -of the laws of
trade nd revenue, are not, as I understand the case, considered admiralty powers, and we all know they were not so per se or proprio vigore. A looser practice in the colonies, but no difference of
pciple, except under statute, appears to have been tolerated. oodeock's Laws, &c., 273. In accordance with this, -Tucker, in his Appepdix to Part I.,

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

479

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

of 1 Black.* Com. 432, after a careful examination of charters and other documents, comes to the conclusion, that, the laws at home before emigration, both statute and common law, so far' as applicable to the condition of the colonies, and in favor of life, liber4, and property 'of the -subject, " remained in full force therein until repealed, altered, or amended by the legislative authority of the colonies respectively, or"by the constitutional acts of the same when they became sovereign and independent states." See, also, to this effect, Montgomery v. Henry, 1 Dall. 49 ; 1 Chalmers's
Op. 195 ; Woodc9ck, 156. But what seems to settle this inquiry
is the treatise of a colonial judge, giving some data on this very subject,, and of course well informed on the subject. Stokes's View of Constitution of British Colonies (p. 270) contains ar account of the admiralty jurisdiction in the colonies before the Revolution.
Two things are clearly- to. be inferred from him :- 1st. That admiralty and maritime cases extended only to matters " arising on
the high seas"; and, 2d. That the practice and rules of decision in admiralty were the same here as in England. , Thus, in chapter 13, page 271, lhe says :-'--"In the first place,
as to the jurisdiction exercised in: the court of vice-admiralty in the colonie5, in deciding all -maritime caunses, or causes arising on the high seas, I hive only to observe, that it proceeds in the same mainer that the High Court of Admiralty in England- does'.'
" The only book that I have met with, which treats of the practice of the .High, Court of Admiralty in England, is Clarke's
Praxis Admiralitatis, and this is the book used by the practitioners in the colonies." *
In connection with this, all the admiralty reports we have of cases before the Revolution, and of cases between 1776 and 1789, seem to corroborate the same view, and are worth more to show the actual jurisdiction here than hundreds of old commissions containing obsolete powers never enforced. There is a manuscript volume of Aticmty's decisions made in the vice-admirahy court in Massachusetts, about 1740. (See Curtis's Merchadit Seamen, 348, note). It will be difficult to find in them, even in one colony, much more- in the thirteen, clear evidence of any change here, before
the Revolution, in respect to the law concerning the locality of torts.
The very first case of Quitteville v. Woodbury, April 15, 1740, is a libel for a trespass. But it is carefully averred to have taken place1 at the Bay of Hondurus; upon the open sea, on board the
ship King George.",

* Woodcock on the British Colonies is equally explicit, that the vice-admiralty courts in the colonies were catlld so because in fact subordinate to the admiralty at home, and with like jurisdiction, except where altered by positive statute. Thus, Speaking of" the jurisdiction of the admiralty over subjects of maritime contract," he says,-(, With respect to this authority it may oe only necessary to observe, that in such matters the admiralty court in the colmies holds plea agreeably to the course of the same court in England." (p. 272),

480

SUPREME COURT.

Wftring et al. v. Clarke.

-No- other case of tort is printed, and on a careful examination of what has not been printed no case is found varying the principle. There is one for conversion roaf vessel and cargo, July 30th, 1742, tried before George Cradock, deputy judge in admiral-
ty, Farrington v. Dennis. But the conversion happened on the high seas, or what in those days was often termed the " deep sea."
So a decision in the State of Delaware, in 1788, reported in the Introduction to 4 Dali. 2 (last edit.); the judge seems to concede
it to be law in that colony, that all cases, except prize ones, must happen " on the high seas" in order to give the admiralty jurisdic-
tion over them.
So a: few cases before the adoption of the constitution are re-. ported in Bee's Admiralty Decisions, though they are mostly on
contracts. But they all make a merit of conforming to the course in the English admiralty, rather than exhibiting departures from and enlargements of its jurisdiction. See one in A. D. 1781, Bee's Adm. 425, and, another in the same year (p. 419), and another in 1785 (p. 369). But the most decisive of all is a case in A. D. 1780, in the ligh Court of Appeals in Pennsylvania, Montgomery v.
Henry et al., 1 DalI. 49. It was a proceeding in admiralty, regarded by some as sounding
in tort, and by some in contract ; but as to the line of jurisdiction,
this having happened, as averred, on the river Delaware, the
court say, through Reed, their president, -- " But it appears to us, that from the 13th and 15th Richard II. the admiralty has had jurisdiction on all waters out of the body of the county. There
has been great debate as to what is meant by high seas. A road, haven, or even river, no within the body of the county, is high sea
in the'idea of civilians. Therefore, if the river Delaware is- out of the body of any county, we think it clear that it is within the admiralty jurisdiction."
In short, as to this matter the first principles of English jurispru-
dence, ns applicable to her colonies, show that there could be no difference here on a matter of this kind, unless authorized by ex-
press statute at home, extending to the colonies, or by acts of assembly here, expressly sanctioned~at -home.
Blackstone says, -" For it hath been held, that if an uninhabited country be discovered and planted by English subjects, all
the English laws then in being, which are the birthright of every subject, are immediately there in force." I Bl. Com. 108 ; 2 P. Wis. 75. Exceptiops of course exist as to matters not a plicable to their condition, but hone of them reach Ihis case,- and require
consideration. Were not we then British colonies, and beginning here in an
uninhabited country, or, what is equivalent, tenanted by a people not having any civilized laws ? Why, then, were not the principles of
English admiralty law in force here in the vice-admiralty courts, as

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

481

Waring et a]. v. Clarke.

much as the English common law in other courts, - and which has

been declared by this tribunal to have been the basis of the juris-

prudence of all the States iii 1789 ? 3 Peters, 444. Indeed, any

laws in the plantations contrary to or repugnant to English laws

were held to be void, if not allowed by Parliament at honme. . 3

BI. Com. 109, App. 380, by Tucker.

What is left, then, for the idea to rest on of a change in respect

to the locality of torts here, to give admiralty courts jurisdiction

over them different from what existed in England in 1776 ? We

have already seen that there is nothing in the constitution, nothing

in any acts of Congress, nothing in any colonial laws, or colonial

decisions in the vice-admiralty courts. Some venture to infer it

merely from analogies. But denying the competency for courts of

limited jurisdiction, like ours, to do this, if impairing jury trials alid

encroaching on State jurisdictions, without any express grant or au-

thority to that effect, let me ask, what are the analogies ? The only

ones which can be imagined are cases of crimes, contracts, and

seizures for breaches of laws of revenue and trade. But the de-

cisions as to crimes prove directly the reverse.

In respect to them, no change whatever on this pointLhas oc-

curred, and the rule recognized in this country as the true one con-

cerning their locality is, like that in England, if tried in admiralty as

being crimes by admiralty law, they must have been committed

without the limits of a county or State. 4 Mason, C. C. 308 ; 5

ibid. "290 ; I Dall. 49 ; 3 Wheat. 336, 371 ; 5 ibid! 76, 379;

12 ibid. 623 ; 4 Wash. C. C. 375 ; Baldw. C. C. 35.

And all crimes on the waters of the United States maJe punish-

able in the courts of the United States, by acts of Congress, with

few or no exceptions, if connected solely with admiriilty jurisdiction,

are scrupulously required to have bben committed on the sea or the

high seas, "out of th6 jurisdiction of any particular State."

In all criminal cases in admiralty in England, the trial has also

been by jury, by an express act of Parliament, ever since the 32

Henry VIII. (Com. -Dig., Ofdmiralty), and so far from the same

principle not being considered in force here, the constitution itself,

before any amendments, expressly provided fo ail criminal trials of

every kind being by a jury. Art. 3, § 2, and Federalist, No. 81.

So, the old Confederation (Article 9th) authorized Congress to

provide courts for the trial "of piracies and felonies committed on

the high seas." I Laws (Bioren's edit.), p. 16. And when Con-

gress did so, they thought it expedient to adopt the same mode of

trial for acts "on the sea" as on the land, and " according to the

course of the common law" ; and under a sort of mixed commis-

sion, as under -the 28 Henry VIII., to try these offences, consisting

of the justices of the Supreme Court in each State, united with the

admiralty judge, they imperatively required the use of a jury. 7

Jouin. of Old Cong. 55 ; Duponceau on Jurjs. 94, 95, note.

NVOL. V.

41

482

SUPREME COURT.

Waripg et al. . Clarke.

Finding, then, that any analogy from crimes directly opposes, rather than favors, any change as to torts, let us proceed to the case of contracts. It will be necessary, before they can be allowed any effect, for their friends to show, that the locality .of contracts has been changed here, and then that such change should operate on torts. Contracts, in one aspect of the subject, did not differ as to their locality from torts and crimes before Richard II. any more than after.
But as the 'question in relation to the locality of contracts here is still undecided, and is before this court awaiting another argument, on account of divisions of opinioh among its members in respect to it; no analogy can be drawn to govern other questions from what is itself thus uncertain ; and it is not deemed decorous by me. to discuss here the moot question as to contracts, or, till the other action p ending in relation to. them is itself settled, to draw any inference from what I may suppose to be, or not to be, their locality.
Without, then, going farther into the subfilties as to the locality or want of locality of contracts within "admiralty jurisdiction, so fully discussed in 2 Gallison, 475, by Judge Story, on the one hand, and in 12 Vrheaton, 622, by Justice Johnson, on the other, as well as in the case of the Lexington, at this term, it is enough to say, that is not the question now under consideration. It is, at the nearest, but bollateral, and differently situated. For in trespass it was always a test, not only that it happened on the sea, instead of merely tide-water, but out-of the body of a county.
And above all this, those very writers who contend that locality - does not govern the jurisdiction over contracts admit that it controls, and always has controlled, the right to try both torts and
crimes (with the exceptions before named, and not influencing. this question), during all the fluctuations and struggles about contracts during the last four hundred years.
In the resolutions said to have been prepared by the judges in 1632, with a view to arrange differences concerning jurisdiction, no change or modification is made as to torts. Dunlap's Prac. 13, 14; Bevans's case, 3 Wheat. 365, note.
Nor was there any it' the mutual arrangement between the different courts in 1575. See it, in 3 Wheat. 367, note; Prynne's Animadversions, 98, 99. And in Crowell's Ordinance 'of 1648, on the jurisdiction of the admiralty, so much relied on by those friendly to the extension of it, and by some supposed to have been copied and followed in 'this country, damages by one ship to another were included, but it was meant damages on the sea, being described as "damages happening thereon, or arising at sea in any way." Dunlap's Ad. 16. '
Hence, even in admiralty writers and admiralty courts, it is laid
down repeatedly, "in torts, locality ascertains the judicial'powers."1 And again, "1in all matters of tort, locality is the strict limit." 2 Bro. Civ. and Ad, Law, 110. Soin The Eleanor, 6 Rob. Ad. 40,

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

483

Waring et al v. Clarke.

Lord Stowell said, "the locality is every thing," msteadof holding
it to be an obsolete or immaterial form.
Lastly, in respect to analogies in seizures for breaches of the laws
'of revenue and trade, it is claimed that some change has occurred
there, which should influence the jurisdiction over torts. But these
seizures are not for torts, nor has the change in relation to the trial of them happened on any principle applicable to torts.. Moreover, it has been made as to seizures only under express statutes, and the
construction put on those statutes ; and -if this is to be followed by analogy, no change can be made as to torts except by &xpress
statutes. But there has never been any such statute as to them, and if
without it-the change was made by analogy, tide-waters would not be the test, as is here contended, but, like cases of, seizures, any
wateri navigable by a boat of ten tons burden. It is even a matter of very grave doubt, whether a mistake was not committed in refusing a trial by.jury in cases of seizure, under our Judiciary Act, whenever desired, or at least whenever not made on the high seas. Kent, Dane, and several others, think the early decisions made on this, and which have since been merely copied, .were probably erroneous. 1 Kent's Com. 376 ; 6 Dane, 357.
So thought Congress, likewise, when, Feb. 13th, I301 (see. 1 th), it conferred on the Circuit Court jurisdiction over '.' all seizures on land or water, and all penalties and forfeitures made, arising, or accruing under the laws of the United States." This was original cognizance, though not in a court of admiralty, and properly treated seizures on water as on land, and to be all of course tried by a jury. 2 Stat. at Large, 92. This was a change made by Congress, itself, aided by some of the first lawyers in the country. But as the ,.hole statute was repealed, on a6count of the obnoxious circumstances as to the judges under which it was passed, all the changes fell with it.
.The adrhiralty in England did not exercise any jurisdiction over seizures for revenue, though on the -ocean. 8 Wheat. 396, note. But it was in the court of exchequer, and was devolved on admiralty courts in the colonies for convenience, as no court of exchequer existed there. Duponceau's Jurisdiction, 139, and note.
This additional jurisdiction, however, was not an adairalty one, and ought-to have been used with a jury, if desired, as in the exchequer. Powers not admiralty are for convenience still devolved on admiralty courts ; and it was a great grievance, complained of
by our ancestors here, that such a trial was rlot allowed in. such cases before the Revolution. Uindoubtedly it was the -expectation
of most of those who voted for the-act of 1789, that the trial by jury would not be here withheld in cases of seizures for breach of laws of the revenue, which they.had always insisted on as their constitutional right as Englishmen, and, a fortiori, as Americans.

484

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

They had remonstrated early and late, and complained of "this abridgment of the trial by. jury even in he Declaration of- Independence, and as one prominent cause and justification, of the Revolution. 1 Journal of Old Congress, 45; 6 Dane's Abr. 357; Baldw.
C. C. 551. As plenary evidence of this, it is necessary to quote here but a single document, as that was drawn up by John Jay, after-
wards the 'chief justice of this court. It is the address by the old Con-
gress, October 21st, 1774, to the people of Great Britain, and among other grievances says, - " It was ordained, that whenever offences
should be committed in the colonies against particular acts imposing duties and restrictions upon trade, the prosecutor might bring his action for the penalties in the courts of admiralty; by which means
the subject lost the advantage of being tried by an honest, uninfluenced jury of the vicinage, and was subjected to the sad necessity of being judged by a single man, - a creature of the crown,
- and according to the course of a law (civil) which exempts the prosecutor from the trouble of proving his accusation, and obliges the defendant'either to evince his innocence or to suffer." . Now, after these reprobations of such a practice, - after two specific amendments, to the constitution to secure the trial by jury in cases before doubtfil, - and after three clauses in the Judiciary Act"
expressly allowing it in all proper cases, -who can believe that they intended in the ninth section of that very act to use language
which ought to be construed so as to deprive them entirely of a jury trial in that very class of cases where the refusal of it had long been denounced by them as oppressive, unlawful, and one of
the grounds for a revolution ? Should we thus brand them with duplicity, or tyranny ?
As a single illustration that their views in the act of 1789 have probably been misconstrued or misapprehended, if seizures for breaches of the Jaws of revenue and trade were in reality "cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction," as meant in the constitution,
then no statute was necessary, like a clause in that of 1789, to make them so, and to make them so not at the line of tide-water, which
is here contended for, but wherever a boat of twenty tons could go from the ocean. And if they were not such cases 'to that extent and in that manner without a statute, but were common law and exchequer cases, thep.it is certain a statute would not make them " admiralty cases," but might devolve their -trial on the District' Court, allowing a jury, as that trial was expressly reserved by The amendment to the constitution in all common law cases. Stokes
discloses the derogatory reason assigned for such a violation of our forefathers' rights by some of the British'statutes before the Revolution (Stokes on Constitvtion of Colonies, 360). With much na-
ivet6, he says, - " In prosecutions in the courts of -vice-admiralty in the colonies for the breach of any act of Parliament relating to
the trade and revenue of the colonies, all questions as well of fact

JANUARY .TERM, 1847.

485

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

as of law are decided by a judge alone, without the intervention of a jury ; for such was the inclination of the colonists in many provinces to carry on a contraband trade, that to try the fact of an information by, a jury would be almost equivalent to the repealing of the act of Parliament on which such information was grounded.
In other respects, I apprehend the proceedings should be conducted as near dis may be to the practice of the Court of Exchequer -in England." And the reason said to have been assigned by Judge Chase for the construction first put on the Judiciary Act - that seizures for violation of the laws of revenue -nd trade were meant by Congress to be treated as cases in admiralty, and tried without a jury, though they never had been so tried in England till the encroaching statutes, and never here except as our fathers declared to be illegally - is almost as harsh, and more derogatory on our fathers themselves, as being an act done by themselves, in saying it was to avoid "the great danger to the revenue if such cases should be left to the caprice of juries." The United States v. Betsey, 4 Cranch, 446, note.
Whoever could conjecture, for such a reason, that a statute was intended to have such a construction, seems to have forgotten the remonstrances of our fathers against the odious measures of Engl land corresponding with such a construction ; and to have over-
looked the probable difference in the feelings of juries towards
laws made by themselves or their own representatives, and those made by a Parliament in which they were not represented, and
whose doings seemed often designed to oppress, rather than protect, ihem. And what presumption is there that an exclusion of juries from trials as to trade and revenue, for causes like these, was meant to be extended to torts ?
The reason is totally inapplicable, and hence the presumption entirely fails. What a stretch of presumption without sufficient data is it to infer that this resisted case of seizures is first strong evidence of a ldrger jurisdiction in admiralty established here, and likely to be adopted under the constitution by those who had always ardently opposed it, and next is evidence of a larger jurisdiction in other matters, disconnected ertirey with that and all the reasons ever urged in support of it ?
The last inquiry on this question of jurisdiction is, What have been the 'decisions concerning the locality of torts in admiralty in the courts of the United States since the constitution
-was adopted ? It is the uncertainty and conflict concerning these, which has in
part renderea it necessary to explore with so much care how the iaw was here, when our present system of government went into
operatior It is a matter of surprise, on a critiel examination of the books,
to see upon how slight foundations this claimed departure from the
41 *

486

SUPREME COURTS

Waring et al. v. Clarke'.

established law in force in England as to torts rests, when looking to precedents in this country. I do not hesitate to concede to.the advocates of a change, that the doctrine has been laid down in two or three respectable compilers., Curtis"on Merchant Seamen, 362 ; Dunlap's Ad. 51. But others oppose it; and we search in vain for reasons assigned anywhere in its favor. The authorities cited from the books of reports in favor of a change here are not believed, in a single instance, to be in point, while several appear to maintain a contrary doctrin6.
They are sometimes mere dicta, as the leading case of De Lovio v. Boit, in 2 Gall. 467, 424, that having been a case of a contract and not a tort ; or as in 1 Mason, C. C. 96, that having occurred on the high seas. So Thomas v. Lane, 2 Sumner, 1 ; Ware, 75, 96 ; 4 Mason, C. C. 380. Or they are cases cited, such as Montgomery v. Henry, 1 Dall. 49, Which relate to dontracts alone. (See, also, case by Judge Conkling, in New York Leg. Ob., Oct. 1846 ; The Mary, I Paine's C. C. 673). Or they happen 6d, as was averred in I Dall. 53, on waters out of any county. Or they are cases of seizure for breaches of the laws of trade, and navigation, and revenue, depending on express statute alone. The Vengeance, 3 Dali. 297 ; The Betsy, 4 Cranch,
447 ; Wheelan v. The United States, 7 ibid. 112 ; Conkling's Pr. 350 ; I Paine's C. C. 504 ;" Gilp. 235 ; 1 Wheat. 920 ; 8 ibid. 391. And are, as before explained, probably isconstrued.
The parent of many of these mistaken references, and of the de-
cisions as to seizures, is the-case of The Vengeance, in 3 Dall. 297, a case which Chancellor Kent, in his Commentaries, justly says "was not sufficiently considered " (vol. 1, p. 376). It was not a case of tort, as some seem to suppose ; nor even a seizure, under the act of 1789, for a breach of the laws as to revenue and trade.
But it was an information for exporting arms, prohibited by a special act, passed 22d May, 1793.
Some of the references, likewise, 'are to cases of prize, which in England as well as here never depended on locality, like the high seas, but might be even on land, and were at first conferred on the admiralty courts by special commission, and were not originally a part of its permanent jurisdiction. 10 Wheat. 315; 5 ibid. 120, App. ; 4 Dall. 2 ; Doug. 613, note; 1 Kent's Com. 357. Where any of the references in the books here are to printed cases of tort, they
uniformly appear, to have been committed on the high seas, or
without the body of a county and State. Burke v. Trevitt, 1 Mason, 96, 99, 360; Mariro v. The Almeida, 10 Wheat. 474, 486,
487 ; The Josefa Segunda, ibid. 315; Thomas v. Lane, 2 Sumner, 1 ; The Appollon, 9 Wheat. 368; Plummer v. Webb, 4 Ma-
son's C. C. 380, and Ware, 75 ; Steele v. Thatcher, Ware, 96. If the act happened in foreign countries,, in fide-waters, there may
well be jurisdiction, ds being not within the body of any. county here.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

481

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

Thomas v. Lane, 2 Sumner, 9. Such was the case of The Ap-
pollon, 9 Wheat. 368, not being a case within tide-waters and a
county in this country.
There is an expression in 12 Peters, 76, which is supposed by some to sanction a change. But it is only a dictum, that having been a case of crime, and the idea and the expression are, not that torts
or crimes could be tried in admiralty, when committed within a county, on tide-water therein, but that in no case, if committed on land or above tide-water, could they be tried there as admiralty of-
fences, but only as ofences defined and punished by acts of Congress under the power to regulate commerce. United States v. Coombs, 12 Peters, 76. This may be very true, and yet in torts, as well as crimes, they may not be punishable without a statute, and as mere admiralty cases, unless committed on the ocean.
tDuring this session I have for the first time seen a case decided in one of our circuits, which holds that the tide-waters of the Savannah
river are within the jurisdiction of the .admiralty, as to collisions between boats. Bullock v. The Steamboat Lamar, 1 Western L. J.444. '-But as the learned judge seems to have taken it for
granted that the question of jurisdiction bad been settled by previous decisions, he does not go into an examination of its principles, and cites only one authority (7 Peters, 324), which will be found to be a case of contract and not tort. So that, with this single exception,.
so far as it be one, not a single reported case is found, and only one manuscript case referred to (Dun!. Adm. 51), where a tort was committed within one of our counties, though on tide-water, which was adjudged to be within admiralty jurisdiction, since the country was first settled, or of a like character in Ebgland, unless by recent statutes, for the last four centuries.
On the contrary, in Bee's Admiralty Reports and Peters's, in Gilpin's and Ware's, cases for torts are found, but all arising on the high seas, unless some doubt exists as to one in the last, partly overruled afterwards in the Circuit Court. So, whatever may be
the obiter dicta, it is the same as to all in Paine, Washington, Baldwin, and even Gallison, Mason, Simner, and Story. Indeed, this result accords with what was rightfully to be anticipated 'from
the rule laid down in the first elementary law-book in the hands of the profession at the time of the Revolution, that " admiralty courts" (3 Bl. 106), had cognizance of what is "committed
on the high seas, out of the reach of our ordinary courts of justice." And "all admiralty causes must be, .therefore, causes arising wholly upon the sea, and not within the precincts of any
county." 3 Bl. Com. 106. Moreover, as to American authorities directly against these sup-
posed changes as to torts, it is hardly possible to find any thing stronger than the absence we have just -referred to, almost entire, of any attempt in actions to sustain the. jurisdiction in admiralty

488

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

over torp, unless happening on the high seas, and the uniform settled dcisions in England, that it exists only there. But, beside this, there is the absence likewise of any colonial statutes or colonial decisions to bring in question at all the adjudged cases at home, which governed this question here no less than there. There is next the remark by Chancellor Kent, that if tides ebb and flow in a coun-
ty, a recovery cannot be had for a tort there, on the principles of the common law courts. 1 Kent's Com. 365, note ; 3 Hag. Ad. 369.
And no 6 ne can read the learned Digest of Dane without seeing that in torts he conrsiders the trial by jury proper, wherever they occur within the body of any county. 6 Dane's Abr. Prohibition. And it is laid down generally, in several other instances in this country, that the locality of,torts must be on "1the sea," in order to confer jurisdiction on the admiralty. Thackery et al., Gilp. 524, 529 ; 3 Mason, 243; Baldw. C. C. 550-554. So in Adams v. Haflards, 20 Pick. 130. See also the colonial case before cited from 1 Dali. 53, Montgomery v. Henry et al., directly in point, 'that the line of the county was the test, and not tide-water, .unless without the county. This was in 1780, and is most conclusive proof, that no colonial enlargement of mere admiralty jurisdiction
as to this matter had occurred here in practice, either under the words of commissions to vice-admiralty judges, or any difference
of circumstances and condition.
But, beside this, one resolve of the old Congress shows, that they considered the line of the county as the true one ; and hence its violation in cases of trade and revenue, under statutes passed to oppress them, caused their remonstrances that the vice-admiralty courts had transgressed the ancient limits of the bodies of coun ies. I Journal of Old Cong. 2 I -23. How unlikely, then, is the inference from this, that the framers of the constitution regarded this encroachment as the true line, and, when protesting against it, not only meant to adopt
it, but extend it to cases of torts ? It is not a little remarkable, too, tht in maturer life Judge
Story himself, in speaking of the jurisdiction over torts (3 Com. on Constit. 1659), says, -" The jurisdiction claimed by the courts of admiralty as properly belonging to them extends to all acts and torts done upon the high seas, and within the ebb and flow of the sea." That means, at common law, outside of a county.
Thus says Coke, in 4 Inst. 134 : " So as it is not material whether the place be upon .the waters infra fluxum et refluxum
agum ; but whether it be upon any water within any county." Sea Laws-, 234. Again, the ebb and flow of tide, to give jurisdiction to the admiral, means on the coast putside. Fortescue, De Laudibus L. Ang. 68, note. So in 2 Madison Papers, 799, 800, it will be seen that Judge Wilson deemed the admiralty jurisdiction to relate to what the States had not exercised power over, and to the sea. So in The Federalist, No. 80, cases arising on the high seas are
said to be those embraced.

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

489

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

Indeed, the departure from the settled line of jurisdiction as to torts here, so far as it may have gone in theory or speculation, seems likely to have begun in mistake rather than in any old commission or adjudication, founded on any statute or any well-settled
principle. It is likely to have commenced either by omitting to discriminate between torts and contracts, or between torts depending on general principles and seizures for violating laws of revenue and trade, which depended on the words of a special statute, and the construction given to those words ; or from a supposed but unfounded analogy to the rules as to prizes, with, which our-fathers were very familiar in the Revolution, and taking cognizance of them in admiralty here, as in England, if captured anywhere, not only on
tide-water or ", below high-water mark," but even on land. 4 Dall. 2 ; 2 Bro. Civ. and Adm. Law, 112 ; 5 Wheat., App. 120. Or it may have occurred, and that probably was oftenest the case, from various general expressions in the English books an4 cases as to the admiralty jurisdiction being coextensive with tide-waters, when that expression means, in all the adjudged cases in England as to torts and crimes, - and must, on principle, as before shown, mean, in order to secure the trial by jury and the common law, - the tidewaters on the sea-coast, the flux and reflux of the tide, out of the body of a county.
There is a similar expression in Judge Story's Commentaries on the Constitution (vol. 3, § 1667), as to crimes, in speaking of the existence of admiralty jurisdiction over them in creeks " and bays within the ebb and flow of tide" ; but he takes care to add, very
properly, "at least in such ds are out of the body of any county in a State." Probably-the true origin of the whole error was by looking to expressions about tide-water, or the ebb ancl flow of tide, without noticing further that the act must be in such tide-waters as 4"are out of the body of any county in a State," and that this was indispensable to be observed, in order to protect the invaluable principles we have been discussing.
The power of the general government and its courts over admiralty matters was doubtless conferred on account of its supervision
over foreign trade and intercourse with other nations, and not to regulate boats like these, far in the interior, and never going to any
foreign territory, or even adjoining State, much less touching the ocean. Nothing can be more significant of the correctness of this limitation to matters on the ocean, than the remarks of Chief .Tustice Jay, in Chisholm v. Georgia, 2 Dal]. 475, that the judicial power of the Union was extended to " cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, because, as the seas are the joint property of nations, whose rights and privileges thereto are regulated by the laws of nations and 'reaties, such cases necessarily belong to national jurisdiction."
Our forms of proceeding, also, in admiralty, and which are founded

490

SUPREME COURT.

Wring et al. v. Clarke.

on substance, count usually on the. tramaction as having happened on " the high seas," knowing full well that they are the great theatre and territory for the exercise of admiralty law and admiralty
power ; and being obliged to make such an allegation in England in order to gain jurisdiction. Ross v. Walker, 2 Wils. 265.
Half the 'personal quarrels between seamen in the coasting trade
and our vast shore fisheries, and timber-men on rafts, and gundalo men, and men in flat boats, workmen in the seacoast marshes, and
half the injuries to their property, are where the tide ebbs and flows in our rivers, creeks, and ports, ,though not on' the high seas; But they never were thought to be cases of admiralty jurisdiction when
damages. are claimed, -much lesg when prosecuted for crimes ; never in cfeeks, though the tide ebbs arid flows there through half .ofour seaboard towbs, - never in rivers. All is within the county,
and is usually tried before State officers and by State laws. It has just been remarked by one of my brethren, as to torts and
crimes, as has been before said by some in controversies as to contracts, that the statutes of Richard the. Second were not in force in the colonies. 'See 2 Gall. 398, 473; 1 Peters's Ad. 233; Ware, 91 ; Hall's Ad. Pract. 17, Pref. I cheerfully concede it may well be doubted whether any portion of the common law or English statutes, passed before the settlement of this country, became in
force here, unless suited to ourcondition, or favorable to the subject and his liberties. But these statutes were both. They were
suited to the condition of thosu attached to the common law and jury trial in the colonies, no lets than at home, and they were in favor of the rights and liberties of the subject, to be tried by his
own and not foreign laws, and by'a jury for all matters happening within the realm, and not on the high seas. And so far from ancient
statutes of that character not having any force here, they had as much as those parts of the common law which were claimed, October 14, 1774, by Congress among the 1 indubitable rights and liberties to:'which the respective colonies are entitled." 1 Journal of
Congress, 28. They came here with them, as a part of their admiralty law, as much as came any portion of the common law, or
the trial by jury. They came as much as Magna Charta or the Bill of Rights, and they should exist here now, in respect to all
matters, with all the vigor that characterized them at home at the time'of our Revolution.. Baldw. C. C. 551 ; Ramsey v. Alleyne, 12 Wheat. 638. So decided .virtually in Montgomery v. Henry,
1 Dall. 53 ; Talbott v. The Three Briggs, 1 Dall. 106.
The principles, dear to freemen of the Saxon race, - preferring the trial by jury, and the common law, to a single judge in admiralty. and the civil law, - which were involved in these statutes, could be no less highly prized by our American fathers than their.English ancestry,, especially when we look to their numerous resolutions on

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

491

Waring. et al. v. Clarke.

this subject, both before and during the Revolution, cited in other portions of this opinion. *
One of our soundest jurists has said long since, - "The common law of England, and every statute of that country made for the benefit of the subject before our ancestors migrated to this country, were, so far as the same were applicable to the nature of their
situation, and for their benefit, brought over hither by them ; and wherever they are not repealed, altered, o~r amended by the constitutional provisions or legislative declaration of the res.pective States, every beneficial statute and rule of the common law still remains in force." Tucker, in Part II. of BI. Corn App. 99; 2 Im. Op. 75; Woodcock, 159.f
hether the 13 and 15 of Richard H. were in affirmance of what was the true limit of admiralty jurisdiction at first in England, or otherwise, is not very material. But it is certain that it was likely to be but declaratory of that, as the people were so devoted to the common law trials by jury. The extraordinary idea, that these statutes were not in force here, was first broached in A. D. 1801, and then in a District Court, in direct opposition to the views expressed in I Dall. 53. The point then decided under that novel notion was, that a lien existed for repairs of a domestic
ship, without the aid of any statute, and has been 'since expressly overruled by this court in The General Smyth, 4 Wheat. 413. And why overruled by this court, but on the principld that the admiralty jurisdiction here was what it had been in England before our constitution, and not elsewhere, - not that of France before the Norman conquest, or that of Holland now ?
Indeed, Justice Story, as a commentator in respect to other clauses of the constitution no more open to such a construction
than this, concedes that they are to be " understood"- "according to the known distinction in the jurisprudence of England, which our ancestors brought with them upon their emigration, and with which all the American States were familiarly acquainted." 3 Story's Com. on the Constitution, 506, § 1639.
Nor let it be again 6ffered in extenuation, that, the power being coneurr6nt in the common law courts, the plaintiff from choice goes into the admiralty; because the other party, 'who is often prosecuted only to be vexed and harassed, and who has rights as well as the plaintiff, may be thus forced into admiralty, rather than the

* They are so numerous as to remind one of the zeal and perseverance in favor of the greAt charter, which wag such as to require it to be redd twice a y ar in each cathedral, and to have it ratified anew over thirty times, when put in p rilby encroaching monarchs. 1 Stat. at Large (English), 274, ch. 3i also, . , note.
SThus people who go to form colonies "are not sent out to be sFaves, but to enjoy equal privileges and freedom." Grotius, De Jure Belli, B. 2, ch. 9, § 10. Or "the same rights and privileges as those who staid at home." Or, as in the charter of Elizabeth to Raleigh, "1neioyall the privileges of free denizens or persons' na. tive of England." Part I. 'of Tucker's BI., vol. 1, . 383, App.

492

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

common law, much against his choice. Nor let it be said further, as an apology, that the trial by admiralty is better and more satisfac-

tory, When our ancestors, both English and American, have resisted

it, and excluded it in all common law case§, for reasons most vital

to public liberty-and the authority of the local tribunals. Such an enlargement of a power so disliked by our fathers is also unneces-

sary ; because, if desirable to have the United States courts try such cases, rather than those of the States, they can be enabled to

do it by express provisions, under the power to regulate foreign commerce and collect re'ienue,-as is now done on the .Lakes ; 12

Peters, 75 ; 5 Statutes at Large, 726 ; Act of February 26th,

1845 ; and reserving, as in that case, the'right of trial by jury.*

I have thus examined this question in all its various aspects, and endeavoured to answer all which has been suggested in favor of a

change here as to the line of admiralty jurisdiction in the case of

,the collision of vessels, as well as other marine torts.

Among my remarks have been several, showing that there was

nothing in our condition as colonists, or since, and nothing in the nature of the subject and the great principles involved, which should

render the same. line of jurisdiction not proper in Anierica which

existed in England,-but in truth some additional reasons in favor of

it here. I do not now, in conclusion, proposle to dwell much on

this peculiar condition of ours, though some members. of this court

have just urged it earnestly as a reason why the sam' line dos not,

aBpuptlyt,haes

itdheeay

hisavae

wuhnytetnhaeblsetaitnttreesspoecf tRtoichtharedprIiIn.cidpilde

, ot apply. generally,

looking to our condition, as we have already shown it to be in respect to those statutes. Thus, in that condiiont, what reason was there ever for a change ? None. And, if otherwise believed,
when we were colonies, would not the change'have been made by acts- of assembly approved at home, or an act of Parliament ? And if not done when col6nies, but supposed to be proper after the
Revolution, would not the framers- of the -constitution, or of the Judiciary Act, have knowo it as 'quicky-iil fully as this court:? and was it not more proper for them to have made such a change than this court ? If our political institutions or principles required it,. did not they know, and should not they have attended to that rather than we ? If such a change had already happened in the then thirteen colonies, and was too well known and acquiesced in,

As some evidence that the makers of this last law did not suppose it settled
that the District Courts could, as admiralty courts, have any jurisdiction as to torts, because committed on tide-waters within a State, when they felt obliged to pass a special law to confer it on the Lakes, it'was not conferred there as exercised on "tide-waters," which would have been sufficient, if so settled, but on "the high seas, or tide-waters within the admirilty and maritime'jurisdiction," &c. This statute is also scrupulous to save the trial by jury when'desired, and thus avoies treating it as an admiralty power got in torts, unless on the high seas, by a con.truetion contrary to the political opinions and prejudices of our ancestors. and to the whole spirit of our institutions.

JANUARY TE'RM, 1847.

493

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

as to torts and crimes, to need any written explanation or sa tion,

why cannot it be pointed out in colonial laws, or in judicial i cords,

or at least in contemporaneous history of some kind P And if such

a change was required and intended, as some insist, by resorting to

other than English law for a guide as to what were admiralty cases

within the meaning of the constitution, because'something less nar-

row, geographically or otherwise, as it has been argued, some-

thing on a grander scale, and in some degree commensurate in length

and breadth with our mighty rivers and lakes, was needed, - as if a

system which had answered for trade over all the ocean of the

globe was not large enough for us, -then why-not extend it at least over all our navigable waters, and not halt short at the doubtful,

and fluctuating- and pent-up limits of tide-water ? And was a change

so much required to go into the bodies of numerous counties and

States, to the jeopardy of jury trials, by any increased dislike to them among our jealous fathers? Were they wishing, by mere

construction, to let more and more go into the cognizance of tha

admiralty and be tried without a jury, and without the principles of

the common-law, when they had been so indignantly remonstrating

against any and every the smallest encroachment by England on that

sacred trial,? And is this guaiantee of a jury trial in such cases f6

be considered of subordinate moment in the views of those living at

the era of the formation of the constitution, and the passage of the

act of 1789, when their eagerness was such to guaranted it fully, that

two of the only twelve amendments ever made to it relate tb additional safeguards for this trial ? And in the Judiciary Act of 1789,

there are introduced, ex industria, three. separate provisions to se-

cure jury trials.

Indeed, so far fromthere being any thing in our condition as colo-

nists, or in public opinion at the Revolution, which demanded a

change enlarging admiralty forms and jurisdiction, the old Congress

specially resolved, November 25th, 1775, when recommending

to the colonies to institute courts to try captures, or devolve the power on those now existing, that they "provide that all trials'in

such case be had by a jury," which was-going further in their favor,

instead of short of what had ever been done in England. And, in

1779, Virginia established admiralty courts, under recommendation

of the old Congress, and expressly allowed a jury in all cases where

either party desired it, if both were citizens. 10 Hening's Stat.

101. The same is understod to have been done in several other

States. See The Federalist, No. 83. In I'assachusetts, under the old charter, as long ago as 1673, the court of admiralty was

expressly authorized to allow a jury when it pleased. Ancient

Charters and Laws, 721 (App.). Iredell says, also, in the North

Carolina Convention (4 Elliot's Deb. 155) :" There are differ-

ent practices in regard to this trial in different States. In some

VOL. V.

42

494

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. v.* Clarke.

cases they have no juries in admiralty aud equity cases ; in others, they have juries in them as well as in suits at common law."
And to the objectionis made against adopting the constitution, because the trial by jury might be restricted under it and suitors be
compelled to travel far for a hearing in ordinary cases (I Gales's Debates in First Congress)', it was argued that Congress would possess the power to allow juries even in cases in admiralty (The Federalst, No. 83), and afterwards, by the origiiial amendments to the constitution, it was made imperative to allow them in all "I cases at coinmon~law." Yet now, by considering torts within a county as triable, or as " cases in admiralty," which was not done by the commpn law, nor when the constitution was adopted, either in England or here, we produce both the great evils deprecated; - an abridg-
ment of the jury trial from what prevailed both here and in England, and the forcing of citizens to a great distance from their State tribunals, to defend their rights under a different forum and a different
system of laws. After these additional proofs of the ca ition of our ancestors to
checkthe usual admiralty poiver of trial without a jury, and more especially to prevent any extension of it, could they for a moment, when so jealous of the general government and its overshadowing powers, wish to extend them further than ever before, either here or in England ? * Did they mean to relinquish their time-honored and long-cherished trial for torts on wafer within a county, and take for a model despotic' France, for instance, which knew no trial by jury in any case, and where the boundaries between the admiralty and other courts were almost immaterial, being equally under the civil law, and equally without the safeguard of their peers ? And would they be likely to mean this, or wish it, when every such extension of admiralty jurisdiction was at the expense of the State courts, and, transferring the controversies of mere citizens of one
State to distant jurisdictions, out of their counties aid in certain events to the-remote seat of the general government, and then to'be tried there, not by the common law, with whose ptinciples they were familiar, but by the civil, and when a full remedy existed at home and in theit own courts ? Much less could they be supposed willing to do'this when the trial of fa.cts it this court was not to be by their peers from the vicinage, or on oral' testimony, so that the witnesses could be seen, 'scrutinized, and well compared, but by judges, who, however learned in the law, are less accustomed to' settle facts, and possess less practical acquaintance with the subject-

Ifideed, in England it has been controverted whether the power in admiralty to punish torts anywhere ever existed, even before Richard I. (3 Mason's C. (. 244), except through a jury, used to settle the facts at.J assess the damages. See 4 Rob. Ad. 60, note to Rucicer's case. The Black Book of the Admiralty, art. 12, pl.169, is cited as speaking of the use of a jury twice in such cases. See'also Roughten, De Of Admiralis, 69, note. And at this day, in England, in thisciass of torts,.as hereafr shown, the masters of Trinity House act virtually as a jury.

JANUARY TERM 1847.

495

Waring st al. v. Clarke.

matter in controversy. And what are the urgent and all-controlling reasons which exist to justify the new line urged upon -us, in such apparent violation of the constitufion, and with so inauspicious a departure from any thing required by our condition, or from. what seems to have been the principles and precedents at the Revolu-
tion ? It isnot the line even of the civil law, any more than of the com-
mon law. If this innovation had extended admiralty jurisdictiofi over all navigable waters, it would have been, at least, less vague, and found some vindication in its analogy to the civil code. - Digest, 43, tit. 12, 13 ; Code Napoleon, B. 2, ch. 2,tit. 556 ; Zouch's Elements of Jurisp. .382. But the rule of tide-water within a county, and not on the sea, 'conforms to' ,no code norprecedent ; neither marching boldly over all which' is -navigable, nor- halting
where the ocean meets -the land ; neither shunning to make wide inroads into the territories of juries, nor pushing as far as all which is nautical and commercial goes. The only plausible apology for it, which I can find, is in a total misconception, before adverted to, of the ancient and true rule, which was tide-water, but at the same time tide-water without the body of the county, on the high seas. But 'instead of the flux and" Teflux of the tide on the high seas, and without the body of the countyk-,r State, and to support which line stood the great pillars. of a jury trial -and the -common law, have
been attempted to be substituted, and that without authority of any statute or clause in the.constitution, as to torts, the impulses from the tides at any and every distance from the ocean, sometimes encroaching from one"to two hundred miles into the interior of counties .and States, and" prostrating those great' pillars most valuable to the people of the States. And what, let me repeat the in-
quiry, is gained by such a hazardous construction? Not an adherence to old and established rules, not a respect f6r State rights ; not strengthening the Union or its clear powers where assailed, but weakening by extending them to doubtful, irritating, and unnecessary topics ; not an extension of a good system, hllowing the admiralty to'be one for all nautical matters, to all navigable waters and commercial questions, but falling short, in some of our vast rivers or inland seas, near one thousand miles from the bead of navigaiion, and cutting off several cities with twenty, thirty, and even forty thousand population. 'The late act of February 26th, 1845 (5 Statutes at Large, 726), was intended to remedy this, but does not include any cases above tide-water on the Mississippi, or Cumberland, or Ohio, and many others, but only those on the Lakes and their tributaries, and very properly even there reserves, with scrpulous care, not only the right to either party of a trial by jury, but any remedy existing at common law or in the States.
So, looking to results, if we disclaim jurisdiction here, what evil
dan happen ? Only that our citizens in this class of cases will be

06

SUPREME COURT.

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

allowed to be tried by their own State dourts, State laws, and State juries. While, if we do the contrary, the powers of both States and
juries will be encroached on, and just dissatisfaction excited, and the
harmonious workings of pur political system disturbed. So, too, if our national views have become actually changed so greatly, that a trial by a single judge, and in admiralty, is preferred to a trial by
jury in the. State tribunals or the Circuit Courts, thefi our overruling the jurisdiction in this case will only leave Congress to declare the
change, and provide for it-rather than this tribunal. So the excuse for trying such cases in admiralty rather than in
courts of common law, which some have offered, on the ground that the rules of decision are much the same, appears very ill-considered, when, if the civil law in this instance does not differ essentially
from the common law, the rules of evidence by it do, depriving us, as triers, of the sight of the witnesses, and their apparent capacity
and character, and depriving the defendant of the invaluable trial by jury, and stripping him of the right of being tried, and the State
courts of the right of trying controversies between their citizens, in the neighbourhood where they occur. i' All controversies directly
between citizen and citizen will still remain with the local courts," said Mr. Madison in the Virginia convention. 3 Elliot's Deb. 489.
Now, after all this caution exercised in England not to extend no. change admiralty jurisdiction there without the aid of express statute and a reservation of common law remedies, - after a refusal to do it
here recently as to the Lakes and their tributaries, except in the same way, and preserving the trial by jury, - after all the sensitiv&
ness of opr fathers in not doing it as to seizures for breach of revenue and navigation laws, except by express statute, - after their remonstrances ail cautions in various ways against abridging the
trial by jury, -after the jealousy entertained when the constitution was adopted, that this court might absorb too much power from the State tribunals, and the respect and forbearance which are always
justly due to the reserved rights of the States, - it certainly seems much wiser in doubtful cases to let Congress extend our power, than to do it ourselves, by construction or analogy.
So far from disturbing decisions and rules. of property clearly settled; I am for one strongly disposed to uphold them, stare decisis, and hence I am inclined in this case to stand by the ancient
landmarks, and not set every thing afloat,..- to stand, in fine, by decisions, repeated and undoubted, which govern this jurisdiction,
till a different rule is prescribed by Congress.
The first doubt as to the jurisdiction in admiralty over the present case is thus sustained, but, being overruled by a majority of the court, I proceed briefly to examine the next objection. It is one
founded in fact. It denies that the tide did in truth ebb and flow at Bayou Gouia, the place of this collisi6n, in ordinary times.
There is no pretence that the water there is salt, or comes back

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

497

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

from the ocean, or that the tide there sets upward in a current, or ever did, in any stage of the water in the Mississippi. Yet this is the ordinary idea of the ebb and flow of the tide. I concede, how-
ever, that it has been settled by adjudged cases, that the tide is considered in law to ebb and flow in any place where it affects the water daily and regularly, by making it higher or lower in conse-
quence of its pulsations, though no current back be caused by it. Rex v. Smith, 2 Doug. 441 ; The Planter, 7 Peters, 343 ; Hooker v. Cummings, 20 Johns. 98; Angell on Tide Waters, 637. Yet this of course must be a visible, distinct rise an fall, and one daily .caused by the tides, by being regular, periodicai, and corresponding with their movements. Amidst, conflicting evidence on a point like this, it is much safer to rely on collateral facts, if thereobe any important ones admitted, and on expert or scientific men, *ho understand the subject, than on casual observers. The sea is conceded to be two hundred and three miles distant , and the current of the Mississippi so strong as to be seen and felt far out to sea,
sometimes quite forty miles. The tides on that coast are but eighteen or twenty inches high. The velocity of the current of the river is ordinarily three to four miles an hour in high water, and the river is two hundred feet deep for one hundred miles above New Orleans. Stoddard's Hist. of Louisiana, 158. It therefore becomes manifest, that on general principles such a current, with' its vast volume of water, could not only never be turned back or over-
come by the small tides of eighteen inches, as the flct of its influence forty miles at sea also demonstrates, but would not proba-
bly, in ordinary times, be at all affected in a sensible and regular manner two hundred and three miles distant, and veakened by all the numerous bends in that mighty river. From"New Orleans to St. Louis the bends are such, that a boat must cross the stream 390 times. Stoddard's Hist, of Louisiana, 374.
Again, the descent in the river from the place of this collision to the ocean is quite a foot and a half, all the usual rise of the tide on the coast ; and hence, at a low stage of watar in the river, much more at a high one, thirty feet above the lowest, no tides are likely to be felt, nor would they probably be during the whole season of a full river, from November to June.
In the next place, several witnesses testify as to their observations in respect to the tides, and confirm what might be expected from these collateral facts. The most scientific among them took frequent observations for twQ years, at or nigh Jefferson College, thirtyseven miles nearer the sea than the place of this collision, to ascertain this very fact, and testifies that no regular daily influence is felt there from the tides. Oscillations may occur, but not regularly, nor as tides. They happen in that way even near the foot of the Falls of Niagara, but of course are produced by causes entirely discon-
42*

498

SUPREME COURT.

Waring .et -al. v. Clarke.

nected from the tides of the ocean. So they happen, from other causes, on most of our interior lakes.
Sometimes cbntinued winds in one -direction make a great difference in the rise of the water at different places ; and sometimes, the emptying in near of large tributary streams, changeable in their size at different seasons. Both of these are testified to occur in the Mississippi inits lower parts. At high water, which prevails over half the year, from rains and the dissolving of snow, it also deserves notice, that the fall of the river towards the ocean is near one and two-thirds of an inch per mile ; and the difference betiveen high and low water mark near Bayou Goula is also, as before noticed, from thirty to thirty-three feet.
From"all-this it is easy to see, that, during more than half the year, it is hardly possible that a regular tide from the ocean should be felt there, though it is admitted ihat, in conflict with this, some witnesses testify to what they consider such tides there, and indeed as high up as Bayou Sarah. But their evidence is insufficient,to overcome, in my-mind, the force of the other facts and testimony on this subject.
In connectioxi with this point, it. seems to be conceded, also, that,
in order to give admiralty jurisdiction,- the vessels must be engaged in maritime business, as well -as the collision have occurred where
the tido ebbs and flows. There might be some question, whether
themain business of either of these boats was what'is called maritime, or touching the sea, -mare, -so as to bring them and their business within the scope of admiralty power. If, to do that, they must be employed on thehigh seas, whidh is the English rule, neither was so engaged in any part of its voyage or business. Or if, for that purpose, it is enough, as may be contended in this country, that they be engaged exclusively on tide-waters, neither was probably so employed in this instance. And it is only by holding that it is enough for one end of the voyage to be in tide-water, however fresh the ,water or slight the tide, that their employment can be considered
maritime. In The Thomas Jefferson, 10 Wheat. 428, the court say, the end
or beginning of the employment may be out of' tide-water, if " the service was to be substantially performed on the sea or tide-water." So in The Phcebus, 11 Peters, 183. But in the case of the
Thomas Jefferson, as well as the Phmbus, the service, being in fact chiefy out of tide-waters, was not considered as mharitime.
In the case of The Planter, 7 Peters, 324, the whole service performed was in tide-waters, and was a contract, and hence
deemed maritime. Here the boats were employed in the trade between New Orleans at one point, and Bayou Sarah at the other, a
distance of one hundred and sixty-five miles. If the tide ebbs and flows as high as Bayou Goula, or ninety-seven miles above New' Orleans, which we have seen is doubtful, it is only'a small fraction

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

499

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

above half the distance, but not enough above half to characterize the main employment of the vessel to be in tide-waters, or -to say that her service was substantielly on -the sea, or even tide-water. The De Soto made trips still higher' up than Bayou Sarah, to Bayou Tunica, twenty-seven miles farther from New Orleans. The testimony is, also, that both these boats were, in their construction, river, and not sea, boats ; and the De Soto was built for the Red River trade, where no tides are pretended to exist, and neither was ever probably on the ocean, or within a hundred miles of it.
It is doubtful if a vessel, not engaged in trade from State to State, or from a State abroad, but entirely within a State, comes under laws of the general govemment as to admiralty matters or navigation. It is internal commerce, and out of the reach of federal.,jurisdiction. Such are vessels on Lake Winnipiseogee, entirely within the State of New Hampshire. In the Luda and De Soto they were engaged in internal commerce, and not from State to State*, or from a State to a foreign country. 1 Tucker's BI. Com.
250, note. In most cases on the Mississippi, the boats are engaged in the
coasting trade from one State to another, and hence are different, and assume more of a public character. So on the Lakes the vessels often go to foreign ports, as well as to other States, and those on the
seaboard engaged in the fisheries usually touch abroad, and. are required to have public *papers. But of whit- use are custom-house papers or admiralty laws to vessels in the interior, nevbr going from State to State, nor from a State to a foreign country, as was the
situation and employment at the time of these two boats ? These are strong corroborations that this is a matter of local
cogniz nce, - of mere State trade, - of parties living in the same county, and doing business within the State alone, - and should no more be tried without a jury, and decided by the laws of Oleron
and Wisbuy, or the Consulat del Mare, or the Black Book of Admiralty, than a collision between two wagoners in the same county. . The second objection, then, as a whole, is in my view sustained;
and, being one of mere facf rather than law, it is to be regretted that the court could not have agreed to dismiss the libel on that ground, without settling the other poihts, and without prejudice to the rights of either party in a trial at common law.. The plaintiff would then be enabled to have all the facts on the merits examined and adjudicated by a jury from the valley of the Mississippi ; much
more skilful than this court, from their residence and experience, in judging upon accidents and negligences-in navigation on that great
thoroughfare. The only good reason that the admiralty judge was ever intrusted
with the iecision of facts, rather than a jury, was, that originally fie
was but a deputy of the admiral, and often a nautical man, - acquainted with nautical matters, and acting only on them ; and now in

500

SUPREME COURT.

Waring-et al. v. Clarke.

England he calls to his aid on facts the experienced nautical officers or masters of the Trinity House, - " a company," says Coke, "of
the chiefest and most expert masters and governors of ships.". 4 Inst. 149. He takes their opinion and advice on the facts as to collisions of vessels before he himself decides. 2 Bro. Civ. and Ad. Law, 112; 6 D. & E. 766 ; The Celt, 3 Hag. Ad. 327. The
case is often fully argued before them first. 1 Wn. Rob. 133- 135, 273, 314; Hall's Ad. Pr. 139 ; 5 Rob. Ad. 347. But every thing here is so different,, and so much against the skill of judges of this court in settling such facts, that in cases of doubt we are
very likely, as has now happened, to disagree, and it is far better they should be examined by a jury in the vicinage of the collision.
Perhaps it was a consideration like this that led to the doctrine, both abroad and here, in favor of the common law courts haying
concurrent jurisdiction in these cases of collision, even when they happen on the high seas. 1 Chit. on P1. 152, 191 ; 15 Mass.
755 ; 3 East, 598 ; Percival v. 'Hickey, 18, Johns. 257 ; 15
Johns. 119 ; 14 Johns. 273 ; Curtis's Nerch. Seamen, 367 ; 2 Johns. 138 ; Smith v. Condry, 1 Howard, 36 ; Gilp. 483; 4 Mason, C. C. says it is-claimed; 2 Gall. 343 on precedent.
Indeed, the laws of Louisiana are quoted as pertaining to and regulating the conduct of boats when passing on the Mississippi within that State. 1 Bullard & Curry's Dig. § 794. 'But so far from their being a guide to us in admiralty,. if having jurisdiction in that way over these boats at this place, the- rights of parties, as before seen in su6h questions, are to be settled by the laws existing in some undescribed part of the world, but not England in A. D.. 1776 or A. D. 1789, or Louisiana in A. D. 1845. If England, this case would not be tried at all in admiralty, as we have seen ; and if Louisiana, then the case would not be settled
by admiralty law, but- by the laws of Louisiana, and in the State
tribunals.
Again, whoever affirms jurisdiction to be in the courts of the United States must make it out, and remove all reasonable doubts,' or the court should not exercise it. Bobyshall v. Oppenheimer, 4 Wash. C. C. 483; 7 Peters, 325; Peters's C.'C. 36. Because these courts are courts of limited jurisdiction, and acting under
express grants, and can presume nothing beyond the grant, and because, in respect to admiralty power, if any thing is presumed when not clear, it is presuming against the trial by jury, and the State tribunals, and their reserved rights. Where a jurisdiction is of a
limited nature, "cthey [claiming it]must show that the party was
brought within it." 1 East, 650. And where a case is in part dependent on common law, and in part on admiralty, it must be tried in the courts of the former. Bee's Ad. 470.
But the second objection to our jurisdiction being also considered by the court untenable, this case is to be examined on the

JANUARY TERM, 1847.

501

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

merits ; and as to these it seems to me not free from difficulty, though ;n my view indicating some fault in both"the boats.
From the very nature of navigation, - as vessels cannot be always turned quick, and as a constant lookout is hardly practicable
both night and day, - collisions on rivers with frequent bends in them, like the Mississippi, and during darkness, are occasionally almost inevitable, and often are attended by no blame. The danger and injuryto both vessels is so great in almost every case, one or both not unseldom going down, with all on board, that the strongest motives exist with all to use care and skill to avoid' collisions. The want of them, therefore, is never to be presumed, but is required to be clearly proved. To presume otherwise would be to presume men will endanger their own lives and property, as well as those of others, without any motive of gain or ill-will.
Hence our inquiries must start with the probability, that, in such collisions, accident and misconception as to courses and distances caused the injury, rather than -neglect or want of skill. Indeed, in these cases it is laid down as a rule by Sir Christopher Robinson, in
The Ligo, 2 Hag. 356, that "the law requires that there shall be preponderatingevidence to fix the loss on the party charged, before the court can adjudge him to make compensation." 2 Dod. 83. I am unable to discern any such clear preponderance in this case in favor of the Luda. It is true that some allowance must be made
as to the testimony of the officers and men in each boat. In both they would naturally be attached to her character or interests, and desirous in some degree of vindicating themselves .or friends. And it happens that, from such or some other cause, those on each side usually testify more favorably as to the care and skill with which the boat was conducted in which they were employed at the
time. Hence resort moist be had to some leading and admitted facts as a guide, when they can be distinctly ascertained, to see whether the, collision was from any culpable misconduct by either. For like reasons, we should go to witnesses on shore and passen-
gers, where they had means of knowledge, rather than to the officers and crews implicated on either side. Taking these for our guidance chiefly, and so far as it-is possible here to decide with much accuracy; most of the case looks to me, on the facts, quite as much like one of accident, or one arising from error of judgment and mutual misapprehension, as from any culpable neglect on the part of the officers of the De Soto alone.
It is to be remembered, that this collision occurred in the night; that neither of the regular captains were on the deck of either boat,
though both pilots were at their stations ; thaf being near a landing, the De Soto supposed the Luda was going to stop there, and hence pursued a different course from what she would if not so suppcsing ; and that the Luda supposed the De Soro would not stop there, and hence did got pursue the course she would if believing she was

502

SUPREME COURT.

Waring -t al. v. Clarke.

about to stop. That both boats in the darkness seemed, till very near, to believe each other farther off than they in truth were, and hence did -not use so early the precautions they otherwise might have done. It is to be remembered, also, that not one of the usual sources of blame in the adjudged cases existed here clearly on the part of the De Soto. Some witnesses swear to the De Soto's having her light hung out, and several, including a passenger, that if the Luda had not changed her course -unexpectedly, and when near, she would not have been- struck by the De Soto ; and that the De Soto, if changing hers, and going lower down than her port, did so only to round to and lay with -her head up in the customary manner. Nor was there any racing' between rivals, to the peril of the vessels and life, which led to the misfortune, and usually deserves condign punishment. Nor was any high speed attempting for any purpose ; and the movement of the De Soto, though with the current, is sworn to have been slowest, and hence she was less bound to look out critically. The Chester, 3 Hag. Ad. 319.
Nor is there any law of admiralty requiring a descending boat on a river to lie still till an ascending one approaches and passes, though
an attempt was made to show such a usage on the Mississippi, which was met by counter evidence. Again, the Luda was not at anebor,
so as to throw the duty on the De Soto to avoid her, as is often the case on the sea-coast. The Girolamo,.3 Hag. Ad. 169; TheEolides; ibid. 369. Nor was the Luda loaded and the other not, but in ballast and with a wind, and hence bound not to injure her. The Baron Holberg, 3 Hag. Ad. 244; The Girolamo, ibid. 173. Nor was one moved by steam and the other not, and hence the former, being
more manageable, obliged to shun the latter. The Shannon, 2 Hag. Ad. 173 ;- The Perth, 3 Hag. Ad. 417. Nor is there a rule here, as in England, issued by the Trinity House in 1840-; and to be obeyed or considered bad seamanship, that two steamboats approaching, and likely to hit, shall put their helms to port, though the principle -is a sound one on which it rests. 1 Win. Rob. 274, 275;,
.Zjurist, 380, 999. Under considerations like these, if any blame rests on the De Soto, and there. may be some, certainly quite as much seems to belong to the Luda. Neither put the helm to port.
Both boats were in my view too inattentive. Both should have stopped their engines earlier, till the course and destination of each other were clearly ascertained ; and both should have shaped their
courses wider from each other, till certain they could pass without injury. 7 Jurist, 380 ; 8 ibid. 320. The Luda certainly had
more conspicuous lights, though the De Soto is swornnot to have been without them, and is admitted to have been seen by the Luda quite half- a mile off, though in the, night: On the contrary, the movements of the De Soto were slowest, which is a'favorable fact in such collisions (7 Jurist, 381); though she did not lie by, as she
should have done, under the law of Louisiana, if that was in force,

JANUARY TERM, 1.847.

503

Waring et al. v. Clarke.

and she wished to throw all the risk on "the ascending boat" ; for throwing that risk so is the only gain by conforming to the statute. 1 Louis. Dig. 528, Art. 3533, by Grimes.
But I do not propose to go more fully into this, as it is not the point on which I think the 'case should be disposed of. I merely refer to enough 'to show it is a question of difficulty and doubt whether the injury did not result from casualty, orn~utual misapprehension and blame, rather than neglect, except in particulars common to both, or at least in some, attached to the plaintiffs, if not so great, as those in respect. to which the "original defendants erred. Any fault whatever in the plaintiffs has, it is said in one case, been held to defeat his actioh. Vanderplank v. Miller, Moody & Malk. 1,39. But in any event, it must influence the damages essentially. For though, when one vessel alone conducts wrongfully, she alone
must pay all damages to the extent of her value (5 Rob. Ad. 045), and this agrees with the laws of Wisbuy if the damage be " done on purpose ". (2 Peters's Ad. 84, 85, App.), and with the laws of, Oleron (2 ibid. 28) ; yet if both vessels were culpable, the damage
is to be divided either equally between them (3 Hag. Ad. 328, note ; 4 Adolph. & Ell. 431 ; 9 Car. & P. 613 ; Reeves v. The
Constitution, Gilpin, 579), or they are to be apportioned in some other more appropriate ratio, looking critically to all the facts. The Woodrqp-Sims, 2 Dod. Ad. 85; 3 Scott, X. R. 336 ;
3 Man. & G. 59 ; Curtis's Admiralty, 145, note. So in England, though no damages are given, when there is no blame on the part
of the defendant. The Dundee, 1 -Hag. Ad. 120.; Smith et al. v. Condry, 1 Howard, 36; 2 Browne's Civ. and Ad. Law, 204. Yet, by the, laws of Wisbuy, 1 Peters's Ad. 89, App., -" If two
ships strive against one another, and one of them .unfortunately perishes by the blow, the merchandise that is lost out of both of
theni shall be valued and paid for pro ratd by both owners, and the damage of the ships shall also be answered for by both according
to their value." Sea Laws, 141. This is now the law in Holland, and is vindicated by Bynkershoek, so as to cover cases of doubt and
equalize the loss. 2 Browne's Civ. and Ad. Law, 205,.206. So
now on the Continent, where a collision happened between vessels in the river Elbe, and it was not the result of neglect, the loss was
divided equally. Story's Conflict of Laws, 423 ; Peters et al. v. Warren Ins. Company, 14 Peters, 99 ; 4 Adolph. & Ell. 420.
Hence, whether we conform to the admiralty law of England on this point, though refusing to do it on other points, or take the rule
on the Continent.for a guide, the amount of damages allowed in rhis case is erroneous, if there was any neglect on.the part of the original plaintiffs, or if the collision between the boats was accidental.

Judge DANIEL requested his dissent to the judgment of the courtto be entered on the record, aiid for reasons concurring generally with those offered by Judgd Woodbury.

504

SUPREME COURT.

License Cases.-T-hurlow v. Massachusetts.

Mr. Justice GRIER concurred with Mr. Justice Woodbury in
the opinion delivered by him, so far as itrelated to the question of the jurisdiction of courts of admiralty, and also that the weight of evidence in this case was against the existence of a tide at the place of collision, but concurred with the majority of the court that the De Soto was in fault, and justly holden for the whole loss occa-
sioned by the collision.

SADIUEL THUiL0W, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. THE COMMONWEALTH OF
MASSACHUSETTS.
JOEL FLETCHER, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. THE STATE OF REODE ISLAND
AND PROVIDENCE PLANT .TIONS.
ANDREw PEIRCE, JR., AND THOMAS W. PEIRCE, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR,
V. THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Laws of Massachusetts, providing that no person shall presume to be a retailer or seller of wine, brandyi rum, or other spirituous liquors, in a less quantity than twenty-eight gallons, and that delivered and carried away all at one time, unless he is first licensed as a retailer of wine and spirits, and that nothing in the law should be so construed as to require the county commissioners to grant any licenses, when in their opinion the public good does not require them to be granted, -
Of Rhode Island, forbidding the sale of rum, gin, brandy, &c., in a less quantity than ten gallons, although in this case the brandy which was sold was duly im.orted from France into the United States, and purchased by the party indicted from the original importer,-
Of New Hlampshire, imposing similar restrictions to the foregoing upon licenses, although in this case the article sold was a barrel of American gin, purchased in Bostoti and carried coastwise to the landing at Piscataqna Bridge and there sold in the same barrel,-
All adjudged to be not inconsistent with any of the provisiow of the constitution of the United States or acts of Congress under it.
TiHUtsE caseswere all brought up from the respective State courts by writs of error issued under the twenty-fifthsection of the Judiciary Act, and were commonly known by the name of the License Cases.
Involving the same question, they were argued together, but by different counsel. When the decision of the court was pronounced, it was not'accompanied by any opinion of the court, as such. But six of the justices gave separate opinions, each for himself. Four of them treated ihe cases collectively in one opinion, whilst the remaining two expressed opinions in the cases separately. Hence it becomes necessary for the reporter to make a statement in each case, and to postpone the opinions until the completion of all the statements. The arguments of 6ounsel in each case will of course follow immediately after the statement in that case. They are placed in the order in which they are put by the Chief Justice in his opinion, but where the justices have given separate. opinions in each case, the order is observed which they themselves have chosen.

