J3ANUARY TERM, 1848.

7

Gwin et al. v. Barton et al.

WILLIA M, GwIN, LATE MARSHAL. AND -JACOB S. YERGER AND ROB-
ERT HUGHES, HIS SURETIES, PLAINTLFFS IN ERROR, v. C. T. AND A.
BARTON, DEFENDANTS IN, ERROR.
The decision of this court in the casee<fGwin v. Breedlove, 2 How. 29, reviewed and confirmed, viz. :
That under a statute of Mississippi, relating to bheriffs, a summaryprocess against a' marshal might be re'sorted to, in order to enforce the payment of a debt, interest, and costs, for which he was liable by reason of his default; that the courts of the United States could not enforce the lianent of a penalty imposed by the State laws in addition to the money due on the e-iecution; that a marshal and-his sureties could not be proceeded against, jointly, in this summary way, but they must be sued as directed by the act of Congress.
Any excess of interest awarded over and above the legal rate is a penalty, and comes within the above rule.

THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit
Court of the United IStates for the Southern District of Mississippi, under the following circumstances. I At May term, 1843, viz. on the- -5th of May, the following
notice was filed

To William M. Gwin, late Marshal of the SouthernDistrict of the State of Mississippi, and Jacob S Yerger and Robert IHughes, his securities in his official bond.

Please take notice that on Wednesday,-the 24th day of the
present month (May), I will move the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of the State of Mississippi for a judgment against You for the sum of twenty-nine hundred and twenty dollars thirty-nine cents, being the amount [of] the plaintiffs' money mentioned in the writ of venditioni exponas, issued from said Circuit Court on the 14th day of No-
vemb6r, 1840, in our favor, agaifist Robert G. Crozier, Thomas J. Coffee, and -R. S. Hardy, principals, and James . King and William H. Shelton, securities, for the said sum of twentynine hundred and twenty dollars thirty-nirie cents, and which said writ commanded the said W. M. Gwin, then marshal, to
expose the property therein specified to sale, to satisfy the money aforesaid, and interest, and costs due on said execution; and which execution or writ of venditioni oxponas came to the
hands of said Gwin in due time, and upon the same said Gwin voluntarily and without authority omitted to levy the money aforesaid. I will also ask said court for a judgment for intercst on the sum aforesaid, at the rate of thirty per centum per annum from the first Monday in May, 1840, till paid. - You may attend and oppose said motion, if you think proper.

May 5th, 1843.

Your obt. servt. C. T. & A. BArT.N,
By ROBT. HUGHES, therattorney.

8

SUPREME COURT.

Gwin et, a]. v. Barton et al.

On the 23d of May, the defendants filed a demurrer upon
the following grounds, viz. :1. There is no law which authorizes the making of such a
motion. 2. The citizenship of either plaintiffs or defendants is not
set out in the motion, or any part of the record in this cause. 3. If any motion will lie at all in this court against the mar-
shal and his sureties, it must be'in the name of the United
States for the use of the creditor. 4 The.motion does not set out the bond or obligation of
the defendants, or in what capacity, or tb what extent, or upon what kind of. obligation, Hughes and Yerger are Gwin's sure--
ties. 5. The motion does not specify any breach of official duty
upon the part of Gwin. 6. The motion does not show when any breach of official
.duty was committed by Gwin, or that the plaintiffs have been damaged thereby, nor to what extent.
7. The motion does not show or set forth a demand and refusal, upon the part of Gwin, to pay over any money collected by him for plaintiffs.
8. There are many other causes of demurrer, which will be assigned at the hearing.
The court below overruled the demurrer, and Gwin and his sureties were allowed to plead over.
Gwin sand his sureties put in a plea, "for that heretofore, be-
fore the entry of this motion against them, or notice that any such motion would be entered, suits had been instituted in this
honorable court in favor of the United States of America against these- defendants upon the official bond of said Gwin as marshal, for breacheg of the condition thereof, for sums of money collected by Gwin, as marshal, and not paid over by him, in amount larger than the penalty of the bond; which suits are still pending undetermined in said court against these defendants, and judgments upon which cases will satisfy and dis-
charge the penalty of said bond; and to the rendition of judgment in which cases these defendants are liable."
To this plea the plaintiffs demurred, to which there was a joinder.
The court below sustained the demurrer, with leave to plead over, which the defendants declined; and on proof of the plaintiffs, it appeared, to the satisfaction of the court, that on. the 14th November, 1840, a writ of "venditioniexponas was issued against Crozier and others, for the sum of $ 2,970.39, by which the marshal was commanded tcp sell the property in the writ mentioned, to satisfy the debt, interest, and costs; that

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

9

Gwin et al. v. Barton et' al.

said writ came to the hands of the marshal in due time, and upon the same he voliantarily and without authority omitted to levy the money aforesaid, and that payment of the said money, due to the plaintiffs on said execution, was by them, since the return. of the said execution, demanded of Gwin; and it also appearing that Gwin gave an official bond, with Yerger and Hughes, his securities, the court therefore gave judgment against Gwin, Yerger, and Hughes, for the. amount due on the execution, with interest at the rate of 30 per cent. per annum, frori the 1st May, 1841, until paidi and costs of the motion.
The bill of exceptions set out the proceedings on the motion, the vemditioni e2zonas bond by Gwin and his sureties; to the reading of which bond the defendants objected, which objection the court overruled, and the defendanis excepted.
The plaintiffs then offered Hughes as a witness, which the defendants objected to, as he was one of the defendants in the motion, which objection the court overruled, and permitted Hughes to be introduced as a witness; to which the defendants, with the exception of Hughes, excepted.
Hughes then testified, that he was attorney of the,plaintiffs; - that at the Xetutm term of the venditioni exponas he went to the office of the marshal, and demanded the money on the same of Mr. Hunt, the office deputy of Gwin. Hunt said the money was not made; -that the property mentioned in the venditioni. exponas had been sold to William H. Shelton, who had promised to pay the money for it, but had. failed to-do so; and that
he had not the money to pay on said venditioni exponas ; that he did not want any motion against the marshal, for said money, and wished afierifaias on the judgment of the plaintiffs, for the benefit-of the marshal. Hughes also pr6ved that he had called on Gwin and told him, he wanted the money; and this being all the evidence on the motion, the court gave judgment against Gwin and his sureties, as. above mentioned. To all which proceedings of the court, as well as the rendition of
the judgment, the defendants -excepted. The causes of error assigned by the counsel for Gwin were
that the court below erred in overrulintg the demurrer on the part -of Gwin and his sureties, in sustaining the demurrer of the .plaintiffs below, in admitting the bond, in admitting Hughes as a witness, and in rendering the judgment.
The cause was argued by Mr. Bibb, for the plaintiff in error, and Mr. Johnson, for the defendant in error.
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.
It appears by the record, that this was a summary proceeding,
by motioli in the Circuit Court of the United States for the

10

SUPREME COURT.

Gwin et al. v. Barton et al.

Southern District of Mississippi, aainst Gwin, late marshal of the District, and Yerger and Hughes, the sureties in his official bond, for the default of the marshal in omitting to levy the money upon a writ of venditioni ewponas. This summary
process was according to the provisions of a statute of Mississip-
pi regulating proceedings upon executions in the courts of that State, -and which was supposed, it seems, to have been adopted by the courts of the United States, when sitting in the State. The defendants in error recovered a judgment against the marshal and his sureties jointly, in this summary way, for $2,920.30,' with interest at the rate of thirty per cent. per annum from the day on which the venditioni exponas was returnable.
It is unnecessary at this time to state particularly the provisions of the statute of the State, or to examine how far these provisions can be enforced in a court of the United States. For the subject was fully considered in the case of Gwin r. Breedlove, 2 How. 29, and the decision in that case is cone-
sive upon the case before us. In the case referred to, the court held, that, so far as th(. stat-
ute of Mississippi authorized a summary process against the marshal himself to enforce the payment of the debt, interest, and costs, for which he was liable by reason of his default, it was adopted by the act of Congress of 1828. But that the
courts of the United States could not enforce the paymhent of a penalty imposed by the State law, in addition to the money due on the execution. And in the same case, the court further held, that such summary proceedings against the sureties of a
marshal .would be repugnant to the act of Congress of April 10th, 1806 ; and that if the plaintiff in the execution sought to charge the sureties for the default of the marshal, he must proceed'regularly by action, and obtain his judgment in the manner and form pointed out by that law.
The judgment against the marshal and his sureties is, therefore, clearly erroneous. And if the proceeding had been against the marshal alone, it could not have been sustained for the excess of interest awarded over and above the legal rate. For this excess is evidently imposed as a penalty for the default.
The judgment must therefore be reversed.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed, with costs, and that

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

11

United States -. Daniel et al

this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court, to be proceeded in according to law and justice, and in-conformity to the opinion: of this court.

'rH UNITED STATES, ?LAINTIPFS, v. 3JYmxs A"t JoH G. DANIEL,
ErscUTos "op BEvERLY DANIEL, LATE U. S. MATLSA.
An "action on the ease will not lie against the executors of a: deceased marshal, where executions had been placed in th. hands 6f the marshal, and false-returns made on some of them, and imperfect and insufficient entries on others.
The rule respecting abatement is this :.-If the person charged has received no benefit to himself at the expense of the sufferer, the cause of action does not survive. But where, by means of the offence, roperty is acquired which benefits the testator, there an action for the value the property survives against the executor
As to the form of action, none will lie, at common law, against an executor, where the general issue plea-is "not guilty."
THIS case came up from 'the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of North Carolina,. on a certificate of division in opinion between the judges thereof.
In August, 1841, the United States brought-an action of trespass on tile case .againsi the defendants, as executors of Bqverly Daniel, late fnarshal, and at May term, 1843, a verdict was found for the plaintiffs, subject to the opinion of the court upon the following, case stated.
Beverly Daniel beingin his lifetime marshal of the District of North Carolina, certain executions, .at the instance of the United States, from the District Court of Newbern, came to the hands of one of therdeputies of the said marshal, Who, in the name and on behalf of his principal , made false returns upon some of them, and imperfect and insqfflcient entries on others. After the death of Daniel, this action on the case was brought against the defendants, his executors, to recover damages for the said false and insufficient returns; and it is contended, on the part of the defendants, that the action will not lie, .and is not ustainable against them as executors, and it is agreed by the parties that judgment shall be rendered for the plaintiffs upon the said verdict, if the court shall be of opinion that such action is sustainable; otherwise, the said verdict to be set aside, and the said action t6 be discontinued.
The judges being divided in opinion, the cause came up to this court, upon a certificate of such division.
The cause was argued by Mr. Clifford (Attorney-General), on the part of the United States, and submitted on the record. by Mr. Badger,on the part of the defendants.

SUPREME COURT.
Davis v. Tileston et al.
Order. This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana, and was. argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, and it appearing to the court that this appeal has not been prosecuted ,in the manner directed and within the time limited by the acts of Congress, it is therefore now here ordered and decreed by this court, that this. appeal be and the same.is hereby dismissed.
THOMAS DAvIs, PLAINTIFF IN ERRQR, V. WILLIAM M. TILESTON A
'here a'bill in equity sought to enj6 in a judgment, and charged that the complain. ant had a good defence which he did not know of at the time when judgment at law was rendered against him, and charged also that he was entitled to pay the debt 'in 'the .depreCiated notes of a particular bank, of which advantage it was attempted to deprive him by faud and collusion, and this bill was demurred to, it was error in the court below to suistain the demurrer.
THis case was brought up by writ of-error from the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Mississippi.
In the year 1838, Thomas Davis, the plaintiff in error, received three thousand dollars from the Aberdeen and Pontotoa Railroad and Banking Company in the notes of that institution, and gave his bond for the delivery of seventyf-five bales of cotton at the town of Burlingham, on the Tallahatchie River, on or before the 1st day of the ensuing-March. According to his own statement in, the bill which he afterwards fileit, he paid $ 1,685.50, and delivered eighteen bales of cotton, subject to the order of the company. The precise time of this payment and delivery was not stated.
On the 12th of December, 1839, William M. Tileston and Charles N. Spofford, residing in New'York, and carrying on business under the name of William M. Tileston & Co., obtained a judgment in"the District Court of the United States for the -Northern District of Mississippi against the Aberdeen and Pontotoc Railroad and Banking Company, for a stun of' money, the amount whereof is nowhere stated in the record.
Upon this judgment, a writ, called a writ of garnishment, was issued by way of' execution, and served upon Davis. This writ was retuined, duly executed, to June term, 1840.
At December term, 1840, judgment was. rendered against .Davis and his securities, as debtors to the Aberdeen :and Pontotoc Railroad aid Banking Company for:$ 1,861 ad costs.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

115

Davis v. Tileston et al.

A fieri facias was issued, upon this judgment in favor, of

Tileston & Co., returnable -to June term, 1841..

o

On the.10th of June, 1841, Davis paid, on account of the

judgment, $ 242.77, which was duly credited.

At, December term, 1841, a return: was made. of property

levied upon, with its valuation, but no. further proceedings ap-

pear then to have taken place.

In July, 1843, ,Davis filed a bill, on the equity side of the

court against'Tileston & Co., to enjoin the judgment obtained

against him at December term, 1840., The bill recited the

above facts, and then proceeded thus -

"1Your orator further states unto your Honor, that, before the

rendition of the said judgment upon the said garnishment in

favor of William K. Tileston & Co. against your orator, he
paid upon the said cotton bond $ 1,685.50, or about that sum,

and delivered at the town of Burlingham, according to his con-.

tract, eighteen bales of good cotton, averaging in weight about

five hundred pounds, and subject to the order of the said Ab-

erdeen and Pontotoc Railroad and Banking Company,, and

which cotton was shipped on board of steamer Big Black,

Steilling, master, without the orders of or being subject to the

control of your orator; and said cotton was left by said steam-

er at the house of Aind in the care of Young& Richards, Vicks-

burg, Miss., and by them twelve of said bales were shipped to

George Buckanan, of New Orleans, for the benefit of and on

account of the said Aberdeen and Pontotoc Railroad and Bank-

ing Company. The remaining six bales were shipped and sold

in New Orleans, from the said house of Young & Richards in

Vicksburg, for the benefit of and. in the name of one Dickens,

for between fourteen and fifteen cents per pound; and the -said

Dickens was found by your orator on the western bank of the

Mississippi River, in the State of Arkansas, about forty miles

above Memphis, Tennessee; and the proceeds of the sale of

the said six bales of cotton were collected from him by your

orator, amounting to about four hundred dollars, but not one

cent has ever been collected for the twelve balbs shipped, to

Buckanan, for and on account of the said bank, or applied by,

said bank to the credit, of your orator's bond.

"You orator further states, that, relying upon the statements

of. the agents of the said bank, solemnly made and often reit-

erated, that they knew nothing about the twelve bales of cot-

ton or any othez part of the eighteen. bales shipped as before

stated, he did not know of the shipment of said twelve bales

of cotton from Young & Richards, Vicksburg, to Buckanan, of

New- Orleans, for and on account of the said Aberdeen and

Pontotoc Railroad and Banking Company, until long after,the

116

SUPREME COURT.

Davis v. Tileston et.al.

rendition of said judgmient in December, 1840, against your
orator, as a debtor, to said bank, in favor of the said William M. Tileston & Co., and was kept from his legal and lawful defence and credits, on the trial of said garnishment, by the false assurances of the bank and its agents, so made to your orator as aforesaid, and, as your orator fully believes, intended for and made to lull him to sleep, and impose upon his general credulity and confidence in his fellow-man where the least show of honesty is to be discovered. " Your orator further-states unto - your Honor, that he was not apprised of, but wholly ignorant of the fact, that the said twelve bales of cotton were shipped by the agents of the said bank from Vicksburg to New Orleans, as above stated, until by a critical examination, about a year or thereabouts sihce, through his agent, the facts were ascertained to be as before stated."
The bill then proceeded to charge a fraudulent combination
between the bank and Tileston & Co., by setting up a fictitious claim against the bank for the purpose of depriving Davis of the benefit of paying the bank' in its own depreciated notes, and finally averred that the only part of the debt still due was $ 809.47, which he tendered in the notes of the bank.
An injunction was issued according to the prayer of the bill. In June, 1844, the defendants filed a demurrer, and assigned the following causes: 1st. The bill shows that the complainant had a full and complete- remedy at law, which he has neglected. 2d. That the bill shows that complainant knew, at the time he -answered the garnishment against him, that no credit had
been given for said cotton, and having at that time acquiesced in the conduct 'of the bank, and acknowledged himself indebted to the amount of defendant's judgment, he cannot now reopen the judgment in this court to be heard, to deny what he might and ought to have denied in his said answer to said garnishment.
3d. That it appears, by complainant's own showing, that judgment was rendered against him on his answer at December term, 1840; that he made a payment and satisfaction of said judgment by the execution and forfeiture of a forthcoming bond in May, 1841; that as late as between June and Decem-
* ber, 1841, he -took the benefit of the.valuation law on said execution, and postponed further action by the said defendants
for twelve months thereafter, without ever settling up the matter contained- in his bill, or.claiming any deduction or offset from the said judgment in favor of defendants.
4th. TLat the pretended charge of fraud is not specifically stated, but is Vague, uncertain, and indefinite in general.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

117

Davis v. Tileston et aL.

5th. That the said bill seeks to offset the judgment of defendants against said complainant on his answer, and to pay and discharge the. same with the bills and liabilities of the Aberdeen and Pontotoc Railroad and Banking Company, obtained by .him after he has acknowledged himself indebted in his answer, and after judgment has been rendered against him in favor of defendants, and after he has executed a forthcoming bond, and the same has been forfeited and become a new judgment against him in favor of defendants, and after he has availed himself of the valuation law on said judgment
6th. That the said bill shows no equity on its face. There being a joinder in de'murrer, the case was, on the 11th of June, 1844, set down for hearing on the bill and demurrer-at the next term of the court.
On the 2d of December, 1844, a rule for decree yro confesso was entered, and on the 3d of December, the defendants,'Tiles-
ton & Co., filed their answer, which it is not necessary to
recite. On the 6th of December, 1844, the final decision of the
District Court was signed and ordered to be enrolled, as fol-
lows: -
"This cause came on to be heard at this term, and was argued by counsel; and thereupon, upon consideration thereof, it was ordered, adjudged, and decreed as follows, viz.: that the demurrer of the defendants to the said bill of complaint of the complainants be sustained, and the said bill dismissed.
" It is further ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the de.fendants go hence and recover of the complainants the costs in and about this cause* expended, for which execution may
issue."
The complainant appealed from this decree to this court.

The cause was argued by Mr. R. Davis, for the appellant, and Mr. S. Adams, for the appellees.

Mr. Justice WOODBURY delivered th~e opinion of the court.
The judgment in this case below was founded entire'y on the bill in -thancery and the general demurrer to it.
There is in the record an answer fied a few days previous to the judgment. But the cause having before been set down for a hearing on-the bill and demr ter, the answer does not appear to have been-at all considered, -for that or some other reason, - and is not referred to in the decision.
The only question for consideration by us, then, is, whether the judgment dismissing the bill on the demuirer was correct.
Upon a careful examination of the facts and principles in-

118

SUPRE COURT.

'Davis r. Tileston et al.

volved, we feel constrained to come to the-.conclusion that it was not correct. We are.reluctant to form this conclusion, be-
cause, on examining the contents of the bill, it. does not in some aspects of it appear free from what is exceptionable, and the answer, if open to consideration now, would show a denial of most of its material allegations.
But as the answer in the present decision must be put out of
the question, and as the demurrer admits all facts duly alleged in the bill, the plaintiff seems entitled to judgment on these admissions, though, to prevent injustice by oversight or mistake, we shall take care to render such an opinion that the respond-
ents can be enabled in the court below to avoid suffering, if they possess 'a real and sufficient defence to the bill. The grounds of our judgment are as follows.
The demurrer,-by admitting the truth of the allegations in
the bill, admits these facts : I 1st. That the complainant had a good defence to a large part of the original- judgment recovered against'him, as garnishee of the bank, and which he did not know at that time.
2d. That he was entitled to pay to the original creditor, the bank, its own notes in discharge of any balance due to it, and which were under par, and that, through fraud between the bank and the respondents, the demand against him was as.; signed to them, and he sued as garnishee of *thebank, in order to exclude the payment in its notes.
The former judgment having been in the District Court of -the United States, these grounds for an injunction against the further enforcement of it till the mistake as to the defence is .corrected, and the balance allowed to be. satisfied in notes of
the bank then held, or an equivalent to their value at the time of the judgment, seem equitable on these allegations, thus admitted.
The respondents can, e~v-tquo et bono, claim to stand in no better condition than thb bank. If there was a further good defence against the bank, there was against them. And if in -any material respect they and the bank fraudulently combined, by or in that -suit, to deprive the debtor of any legal advantage, the least which can be done in equity is to restore him to it.
What is the answer to this view? -ot that the demurrer does not in law admit the goodness of a further defence, and one not known at the judgment, and likewise the existence of fraud by those parties, but that the statement of the de-
fence is not -entitled to full credit, is contradictory, and develops culpable neglect to enforce the defence, and that the fraud is not set out with sufficient detail.
But so far as regards- the credibility to be given to the state-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

119

Davis v. Tileston et al.

ment of the furtbhr defence in the bill, that statement cannot be impugned on a demurrer. The truth of it can be doubted only where a denial of it is made in an answer, or proof is 'offered against it, neither of which is now before us. The next objection, founded on some supposed contradictions in the bill, as if not knowing the existence of the defence when he delivered the cotton on which it is founded, can be reconciled onvarious hypotheses, which need not here be detailed. For, however this may be, we think the allegations sufficiently
distinct on a general demurrer. The validity of the defence as alleged is resisted as the
last objection, and rests on- the ground, that he had an opportunity to make it at lar and omitted to improve it. This
principle is conceded to be correct, if the defence was then
known. But the bill avers he was ignorant of the existence of the defence when the judgment -was recovered. This excuse in some instances might not avail him at law. It has been settled, that in an action at law, if the party omits to
make a defence which, existed'to a part or all of the cause of action, he can afterwardihave no redress in a separate legal proceeding. Tilton v. Gordon, 1 N. Hamp. 83; 7 D. & E. 269; 1 Ld. Raym. 742; 9 Johns. 232; 2 N. Hamp.1 0 1 ;L 1 2 Mass. 263. In such case, he can sometimes obtain relief by
a petition for a new trial, but seldom in any other manner. In certain instances, if the defence arose out of something
subsequent to the orig" -al cause of action, such as a part payment of money, or a delivery" of property to be applied in part payment, and the creditor' neglected to make the application, it has been held that this may be treated even at law as a distinct.transaction, the creditor having thus rescinded or failed to
fulfil his promise to apply the money, and a separate action be
then maintained to recovei it back.. Snow v. Prescott, 12 N.
Hamp. 535; 7 N. Hamp. 535. However this should be at law, there is strong equity
and. substantial justice in it, and*much more in cases where, as is usual, the debtor is defaulted, having, no defence to the original cause of action, and supposes that the creditor, in
making up judgment, will deduct all payments and all promised allowance, and does not discover the neglect to do it till after execution -hasissued.
The present application being in equity and not at law,
a party in the former is clearly entitled to an injunction, if
there was accident, or mistake, or fraud, in obtaining the judgment.
So ignorance of a defence goes far, sometimes, to repel negli-
gence, though standing alone it may not be a sufficient ground.

120

SUPREME COURT.

Davis v. Tileston' et al.

for such relief. See 1 Bibb, 173; Cook, 175; 4 Hayw. 7;
4 Mumford, 130; 6 Hammond, 82; Brown v. Swann, 10 Peters, 498, 502; 2 Swanston, 227; Thompson v. Berry, 3 Johns. Ch. 395.
On this point, however, we give no decisive opinion, be-
cause all of us are not- satisfied that a clear remedy can be given -at law on these facts by a separate action, and as we
have jurisdiction of this cause on- the other ground of fraud, we advert to this merely as being one of the plausible reasons in favor of an injunction, till the whole matters between the parties can be further investigated. (See reasons for this course in United States v. Myers,. 2 Brock. 516; 1 Wheat., 179; 2 Caines's Cas. in Err. 1;, 10 Johns. 587; 1 Paige, Ch. 90.)
The existence of fraud in obtaining the original judgment,which is the other ground assigned for relief, is next to be considered. It is not only alleged' generally, but in the details, so far as already specified, in this opinion. A general allegation of it in the bill would have been sufficient, if so certain as to render the subject-matter of it clear. (Nesmith et al. v. Calvert, 1 Woodb. & Minot, 44; Smith v. Burnham, 2 Sumner, 612; and Jenkins v. Eldridge, 3 Story, R. 181.) The- demurrer admits the fraud thus set out, and the law is undoubted, that our jurisdiction in equity extends over frauds generally, and in a-special
manner one like this, to which it is doubtful whether any remedy existed by law when defending the original action. 2 Caines's Cas. in Err. 1; 10 Johns. 587; 1 Paige Ch. 90; 2. Stuart, 420.
The character of this fraud,'as admitted by the demurrer to exist, is one of great injustice to the community, it being equitable, no less than legal, in Mississippi, by an express statute, for debtors of a bank to make payment to it in its own bills. (Laws of Miss., A. D. 1842, p. 140.)
It seems generally allowable, even on common law principles, as a set-off. See the express declaration to that effect by
this court in The United States v_.Robertson, 5 Peters, 659; see also Planters' Bank v. Sharp et al., at this term.
Looking probably to a transaction much like the -present, the court, in 5 Peters, say, - " So far as these notes were in bossession of the debtor at the time he was summoned as a garnishee, they form a counter claim, which diminishes the debt to the bank to the extent of that counter claim." But how the balance is to be paid in respect to notes, the court for]ore to give any opinion (p. 684).
Any assignment. or other proceeding got up with the fraudulent intent of preventing the exercise of that right, as is here al-
leged and admitted, cannot receive the countenance of this court.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

121

Davis *v. Tileston et al.

But we do not decide on the extent at law to which such a defence can be made in Mississippi, or in respect to the manner of. paying the balance; as all our conclusions here rest entirely on the averments and the admission of their correctness by the de.-
murrer. In coming to our conclusions, we by no means would be un-
derstood, as before intimated, to approve all the language or forms of allegation adopted in this bill. But we are forced to think that enough is stated in it; in substance, to give us jurisdiction, and to bntitle the complainant to relief, when the state-
ment is not denied by the respondents. The judgment below in favor of the demurrer is, therefore,
reversed. But in order that justice may be done between these parties on the answer and any evidence either of them may wish.±o file, final judgment is not rendered here for the plaintiff, Tut the case is remanded, in order that leave" may be given
to the'respondents to withdraw their deniurrer, and the cause be heard on the bill and answer, if no evidence is desired -to be put in; or on these and -uch evidence as the parties may wish to offer.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Mississippi, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said District Court sustaining the demurrer to the bill of complaint be and the same is hereby reversed with costs, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said District Court, in order* that leave may be given to the respondenti to withdraw their demurrer, and that the cause nay be heard on the bill and an-. swer, if the parties do not desire to put in any evidence, or on
the bill and answer and such evidence as the parties may wish to offer.

VOL. VI.

SUPREME COURT.
Brashear v. Mason.
WILLIAM C. BASHAR, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JOHN Y. MASON,
SECRETARY OF THE NAvY, DEFENDANT.
Under the joint resolutions of Congress, providing for the annexation of Texas to the United States, the officers of the navy of Texas did not pass into the naval service of the United States. The transfer of the navy of Texas related exclusively to the ships of war and their armaments.-
A mandamus. against th6 Secretary of the Navy will not lie at the instance of an of. ficer to enforce the payment of his pay.
THIs case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington.
It was an alplication to the Circuit Court for a mandamus, under circumstances which are thus stated by that court in its opinion.
William C. Brashear petitioned the court for a rule on John Y: Mason, Secretary of the -Navyofthe United States, to show cause why a mandamus should not issue, commanding him, as Secretary of the Department of the Navy, to cause payment to the petitioner of his just dues as an officer in the navy for the time past since the annexation of Texas to the United States.
The petitioner -states, that, in pursuance of the constitution and laws of the republic of-Texas, he was, on the 23d of June, 1845, by the then president of the said republic, commissioned as, a commander in the navy of .the republic, and forthwith entered into service under orders from the department of war in Texas;. and continued in that service from the 23d of September, 1844, thenceforth, and was so in service when the joint resolution of the Congress of the United States passed for annexing Texas to the United States was approved, and when the said State of Texas was admitted into the Union and Confederacy of the United States of America, and was actually in service and a commander in the navy of Texas when the ship Austin, brigs Wharton and.Archer, and schooner San Bernard, armed vessels of war of and belonging to the Texan navy, were delivered over to the United States, under the terms and articles of compact and agreement between the United States of America and the republic of Texas; and as -such he is advised that he is in good faith, and in accordance with the said articles of agreement, compact, and treaty of annexation, an officer in the navy, and entitled ti his pay and- emoluments from the United Stdtes.
The petitioner further states, that he never has resigned his commission, nor been cashiered, nor dismissed; that he has regularly reported himself for duty under the said 'commission

JANUARY TERMs-1848.

'93

Brashear v. Masbn.

to the Secretary of the Navy of the United States, and has d6manded his pay as an officer, bit the Secretary of the Navy of. the United States has hitherto refused, and .yet refuses, to pay him, or to recognize him as an officer of.the navy. He states furtheri that he is informed and advised by counsel learned in the law, that for his pay and. emoluments as an office of the navy of Texas, transferredto the United States by the terms .of the annexatiof4 aforesaid,*he is entitled to have and receive, up to the 1st of October, 1847, the sum of $ 2,100 ; whereof he has received from"the treasury of the United States no more than the sum of $ 689.20, which was paid him by order of the Secretary pf the Navy of the 19th of March, 1847. 'And he is also advised, that he is entitled to his continuing pay'and rank as an officer in the navy of the United States, by virtue of the said agreement, compact, treaty; and transferbefore men-
tioned. Notwithstanding all which, the Secretary of the Nav# 6f the
United States refuses t6 order payment to him for. the time past since the said annexation and transfer, or to recogniz6e bim as an officer in the navy of the United States.
That part. of the second section of the joint resolution of the 18t March 1845, for annexing Texas to the Unted States,'. which is applicable to this case, is in the following words :-
"Said State, when admitted into the Union, aftet cedinj'to
the. United States'all public edifices, fortifications, barracks, ports and- harbours, navy and navy-yards, docks,'magazines, arms, armaments, and all -other propertr and means pertaining
to the public defence, belonging to said republic of Texas, shall retain, all *thepublic funds, debts, taxes, and dues of every kind, which may belong to, or may be due and -owing,said republic ; and shall also retain all- the vacant and unappropriated lands lying within its limits, to be applied *to the payment of
the debts and liabilities of the -said republic of Texas; and the residue 6f said lands, after discharging the.said debt and liabilities, to be disposed of as the said State' may direct; but in no event are said debts and liabilities to become acharge'upon the government of the, United States." 'The Circuit Court overruled the motion for a mandamus, and rejected the prayer of the petition, to which judgment
"Brashear excepted, and upon this exception the case cameup
to this court.
It was argued by Mr. Eibb and Mr. Jones, for the plaintff in error, and by Mr.-Clifford (Attorney-General), for the Sec-
retary of the Navy.

A portion of the argument on behalf of the plaintiff in error was as follows.

SUPREME COURT.
Brashear v. Mason.
Whether the applicant has a right to the money which he demands by his petition and .motion depends upon the proper meaning and effect of, that, part of the convention for annexation, and union which relates to the cession by Texas of her "navy,, and the acceptance thereof by the United States.
The proposition flowed from the United States to Texas. Texas accepted, and made the cession and delivery, in compliance with her sense of. the proposition ; and the United States
accepted. The first question is,, What is the sense in which this condi-
tion was presented by the United States, and the sense in which Texas accepted ?
This may be solved, by considering, first, the meaning of the word ." navy," as established by general use; second, by the circumstances of the parties proposing znd accepting ; third, by the conduct of the parties in acting u.der the convention immediately after it was -ratified. -
1. As to the meaning established by use, "navy" is a mixed mode of speech, a complex idea, including the insensible, inert matter whereof the vessels of war ard composed; also the armaments and 'equipments ; and also the active, living bodies and minds necessary to give mobility, direction, utility, and efficiency to the vis inertier of the vessels and armaments.
Inanimate matter cannot think, plan, protect, drive off, pursue, blockade, and give safe convoy. Officers and sailors are indispensably necessary to make a navy.
The idea of a navy-composed solely of vdssels and guns, -withoutofficers and seamen, -isas absurd as the idea of an army composed solely. of musketsi swords, pistols, and big guns, without officers and soldiers to wield them.
_The.law, of the, United State's entitled CCAn act for the bet-' ter*,government of the-navy of the United States" (2 Statutes at Large; '45), contains forty-two articles to rule and govern the officers- and privates in the navy of the United States, which is an authoritative definition, not to be gainsaid, that, officers and, privates. are component parts-of a navy. The law of -the navy is to govern the officers and the privates who compose the navy, iiot to govern ships and guns, that cannot offend nor commit .crimes, nor be the subjects of accusation before naval, courts-martial,
2. As to the circumstances of the parties proposing the cession and making the cession of the navy and navy-yards, docks, ports, and harbours, the United States, by their Consti'tviioii, had' p6wdr " io provide -and'maintain a navy" ; their situation, interests, and duties imperiously demanded the execution of. that power. The State of Texas, if admitted into

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

95

Brashear v. Mason.

the Union, could no longer keep ships of war in time of peas without the consent of Congress; and yet a navy would be
essential to guard and protect the coasts and harbours of Tex-, as after the union, as it had. been before the proposed conditions and guarantees for the union. The people and government of Texas could not, did not, understand the proposal to cede thenavy to-the United States as intended to destroy it,. -any more than that the proposal to cede the ports and harbours was intended by the'United States for the purpose of. obstricting or. rendering them useless. The natural sense in which
they were presented, understood, and .accepted was, that the navy, ports, and harbours were to be maintained, presei* daud used for their several and appropriate purposes.
But the circumstances under which the people and government of Texas were, in relation to their navy, so well known to public history- and to fame, forbid the idea that the United States intended the proposal, or that Texas would have acceded to it, as containing a iolation of the obligations due to the,
officers of the navy, who had so repeatedly, so .gallantly, so gloriously, and so usefully'fought the enemies.of Texas,.beat off the foes who came to invade, pursued them into their own ports and harbours, there blockaded them, and levied contribu;.
tions to assist .the means of Texas in their war of independ-' ence. ,The many naval battles between-the vessels ok war of Texas and those -bf Mexico, in -the year 1836, and after, in which, the navy of Texas fought against the very superior force of, the Mexicans, always sustaining the honor of-the flag, and adding newbrilliancy-to the lone star, were just founda- tions of hational pride, as well as of natioial gratitude towards the navy. The belief, that, by the proposal -forceding the navy of Texas to.the-United States,the officers wo ld. have been. 'deprived of their commissions and payin .the navy so transferred, turned adrift to seek a, precariofts -subsistence in some other calling, tor which their long and gallant services in the. navy .of Texas had unfitted them, would of :itself have been cause for rejecting the proposal on the part of. Texas.
Such fell ingratitude would have tarnished the escutcheon of Texas. - The words of .the proposal, the circumstances of .the parties to the convention, the end propqsed, left no.grou d for suspicion, that such an act of injustice and ingratitude to the officers of the navy wa! concealed in the proposal -made by the
United States. - 3. The conduct of the parties in 'acting under the conven-. tion immediately after it was ratified. tThe government of
Texas'issued an order to the commander of the navy for delivery to the United States ; the United States -received the navy

96

SUPREME COURT.

Brashear v. Mason.

officers, privates, and vessels, and kept them in service and pay for the time shown in the petition and the documents. Texas had no standing army, nor officers of a regular army upon permanent establishment. She had some companies of rangers enlisted as volunteers for the limited period of three months, not expired when Texas was admitted into the Union. These rangers, with the noted gallant Major Jack Hays at their head, were turned over to the command of General Taylor, served
out the time for which they had been enrolled, and performed under his command eminent services well known to fame.
Such were the actings and doings by the parties to this convention, when the mutual sense of its meaning was fresh in
memory, and the faith of the treaty prevailed.
The word "navy," as used in the Constitution of the United States, has never been sdpposed by any one to mean hips only. By established usage, and by various acts of Congress,
navy " comprehends both ships and men. There. is nothing.in the convention itself, nor in the circumstances attending the parties, nor in the end proposed, which requires that the terms of the convention should be understood in a confined, restrictive sense. On the contrary, all the circumstances unite in requiring the expressions to be taken in the most extensive-sense. For surely the authors of the proposal, and the party accepting it, did use the word "navy" in its extensive sense, because it was applied to -the existing navy of
Texas, known to be armed, officered, and manned; known to have gloriously fought the battles of Texas, and kept in check the naval power of Mexico, which .nation had not then acknowledged the independence of Texas, .but kept up the threat to subdue the spirit of the revolted province and subject it to the Mexican power.
The counsel for the plaintiff in error then proce4ded to show, from several other considerations, that the word "navy" must be construed to include officers and men.

Mr. Clifford (Attorney-General), contra,
There are several views of this question, ei-her of which; as it seems to me, is conclusive against him. He claims pay as an officer of the United States navy.
It is contended" that the joint resolution of March,. 1845, makes him stch officer. The construction contended for by the petitioner is founded entirely on the meaning which he puts upon the word "navy," which in my judgment is entire-. ly erroneous, and cannot be sustained. The* resolution contained the terms of a compact between two sovereign and independent States, and by its seoond condition clearly contem-

JANUARY TER74 1848.

97

Brashear v. M ason....

plated nothing more than an agreement as to the public property,
means, resources, and liabilities of Texas. It was the public property, and that alone, which was embraced in that provis- -
ion. Texas was to retain certain public property, and meet her own liabilities; all the residue of her means Df public or national defence was to be "cceded" -to the United States, -a term of grant evidently applicable to property.and not to persons. *No ingenuity can change the obvious meaning and sense of a law so plainly written.
The condition, it *l be observed, is confined to acts to be done by Texas, and not to duties to be assumed by the United ,States. Texas binds herself, by acceding to the terms of the resolution, to cede her navy and other public property. The petitioner held a comimission under Texas, and had taken the oath of allegiance to her. This did not establish any such relation between the officer and the government as authorized the government to transfer him to the United States, into official responsibilities to which he had not assented, and towhich his commission did not'bind him. Still less. can the
Uhited States be held to have taken him into their service by that condition, which imposed on them no duties. The construction contended for would be placing the United States in the attitude of proposing impossible conditions to the government of Texas, for how could Texas cede the services of her itizen ?-

By a proviso in- the naval appropriation act of 4th August,

1842 (5 Statutes at Large, 500), it is declared, "1That, until

otherwise ordered by Congress, the 'officers of the navy shall

not be increased beyond the number in the respective grades.

that were in the service on the' 1st day of January, 1842."

The construction contended for is.inconsistent with this provision of law, and no implication arising under the resolution

of March, 1845, can be held as repealing it. This test as to

the intention of Congress is conclusive.

But, further, the construction contended for is wholly incon-

sistent with the power of appointment, which, by the Consti-

tution, is vested in the President, by and with the advice and

consefit of the Senate. It is unnecessary to consider any of

the qualifications annexed to that provision of the Constitu-

tion, as it is very certain they can have no application to the

present case. It will not be disputed, that officers in the navy

of the United States, under existing laws, mst be appointed

and commissioned by the President.

Congress has no power, either by treaty or by act of ordi-

nary legislation, to abrogate -this constitutional provision. It is

presumed no authority can be found for the pretension,. that

VOL. V. '

9

98

SUPREME COURT.

Brashear v. Mason.

Congress can supersede the necessity of an appointment by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, *in order to constitute an officer in the navy of the United States,; and'certainly no person can be entitled to pay as such, without a connnission from the President, under the existing laws. Such a'proposition, so subversive of the Constitution
cann6t be seriously entertained. . What was the temedy sought by the petitioner? -It was, that the Circuit Court should issue a writ of mandamus, directing the Secretary of the Navy to pay a. sum of money to the petitioner, which he alleges is due to him as an officer of the United States navy.- At all times this remedy is used by the court with extreme caution, and never in a doubtful case; and
only to'compel the performance of a mere ministerial act, or to do some specific thing enjoined by law,*in which the party ha. no discretion. -Surely this is not a case in which this
power of the court should be exercised.
The petitioner has mistaken his remedy. Congress appropriates money for the pay of officers and men of. the United States navy; and the. right of an officer to pay attaches as a necessary consequence to the rank conferred by his commis-
sion. Has he established his rank? Certainly not.
But even if he has established his rank, the Secretary of the Navy can neither pay him nor withhold his pay; that is a ques.tion for the accojinting officers' of the treasury, over whom, in this respect, .the navy department can assume no.,control.
.The sum stated by the petitioner as received by order of the Secretary of the Navy was paid out of the contingent fund of the department for services rendered by the petitioner, which might have been. performed by any citizen holding no commission in the navy. That fund is not chargeable with the pay of officers and men, as is too. well known to require any'reference to the law. The appropriation for pay is.under
the general superintendence of the Secretary of the Treasury, and no account for 'such pay can be allowed until it shall have been passd6 by the accounting officers in the last-named department. The sum paid to the petitioner was for 'services ren &redin'taking charge of the, property of the United States, and not as being due him as -an officer. . The petitioner's account as presented shows this. The Secretary of the Navy expressly refused-to recognize the petitioner as an officer of the navy of 'the Uited States. See Secretary's'letter.
The reasons assigned by the Circuit Cout for refusing the rule are so entirely satisfactory and conclusive, in the view 'which I take of the, question, that I deem it wholly unnecessary to pursue the argument, and have only to append a copy

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

99

Brashear v. Mason.

of that opinion for the consideration of the court, and to 'ask their attehtion to the fact, which appears by the record, that Brashear's commission in the Texas navy bears date subsequent to the passage of the joint resolution of Congress.'

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court.

This is a writ of error to the Circuit Court held in and for the District of Columbia.
The plaintiff inade application to the court below for a man-
damus against the defendant, -to compel the payment of $ 2100
arrearages of pay due him from the government as a com-

mander in the navy of the United States, which application

was founded on the following state of facts.

I -,-

The plaintiff was appointed a commander in the navy of the republic of Texas on the 23d of September, 1844, and con-

tinued in its service down to the annexation of the republic

to the United States, in pursuance of the joint resolutions of Congress,. March 1, 1845, and*until Texas was admitted

into the Union as one of the States of the confederacy, and

was in the actual service of that republic at the time when its

navy, consisting of four vessels of war, was deliivered over to

the authorities of the United States,,according to the terms of

annexation.

The plaintiff insists, that, according to the terms and conitions of the compact between the two countries, on the trans-

fer of the navy of Texas to the United States, and their accept-

ance of the same, he became ar officer of the United States

navy, and entitled to his pay and emoluments as such.

He further states, that he had reported himself to the Secre-

tary of the Navy for duty, and had demanded his pay of the

same; but that the Secretary had refused to recognize him as

an officer of the navy, or to make any payment to him as such. The court below refused the mandamus, and dismissed. the

application.

The case is now before us for review.

It is not pretended that there has been any stipulation, either

by act -of Congress or by treaty between this government and Texas, by which the officers of her navy were to becone in-

.corporated into the navy of the United States, as a consequence

of the annexation ; but it is supposed to result from a proper

construction and understanding of one of the stipulations con-

tained-in the sedond joint resolution of March. 1, 1845. The

part material is as foll6ws :-

-

"1Said State (Texas), when admitted into the Union, after

ceding to the United States all public edifices, fortifications barracks, ports and -harbours, navy and navy-yards, docks, mag-

100

SUPREME COURT.

Brashear v. Masoi.

azies, arms, armaments, and all other property and means per-

tabmng to the public defence belonging to Texas, shall ietain

all the public funds," &c. (5 Statutes at Large, p. 797:)

The argument is, that 'the term "navy" properly includes,

not only the vessels of war, their 'armaments and equipments,

but also the 'usual complement of officers and crew on board

the respective vessels; and that it is in this sense the term is

used, and should be understood, in the joint resolutions.

We think not, but, on the contrary, are of opinion that it

relates exclusively to, the ships of war and their armaments

belonging to the naval establishment of.Texas, which, accord-

ing to the compapt, were to become the property of the United

States. The two governments were not negotiating about persons

holding' public employmeits in Texas,, or in respect to any

place or provision for that class, on the, breaking up of the old

government and its reconstruction for admission into the Union,

but in respect to her' public property, which she was, generally,

disabled from holding, under the Constitution of the United

States,'after her admission, as it fell under the jurisdiction and

direction of the federal government.

The resolution provides for ceding to the United States all

public edifices, fortifications, barracks, ports and harbours, navy

and navy-yards, docks, magazines, &c., and all other property

an.dThmeeapnhsrapseerotlaoingiyngis

to the public appropriate

defence.

for the purpose of conveying

the property of the one government to the other, but exceed-

ingly inapt and unfortunate if intended to embrace persons or

public officers, as contended for boy the plaintiff.

The argument in favor of including the officers of the navy

of Texas in the transfer, of the ships might be urged with

equal force by the officers and hands in charge of. the navy-

yard, or of those at the time in charge of the fortifications'

for.the term "navy," in the connection in which it .is 'used, no

.more includes, ae vi termini, the'officers and crew on. board,

than the term "navy yard" includes the officer's and hands in charge of that part'of the public property, or the term " forti-

fications" includes theofficers and soldiers of the republic en-

gaged in manning them.

The construction contended for we think altogether inad-

missible, and properly rejected by the court below.

We are also of 9pinion, that if the plaintiff had made out a

title to his'pay as an officer of the United States navy, a manda-

mus would not lie.in the court below to enforce the payment.

The Constitution provides, that no money shall be drawn

from the treasury but in consequence-of appropriations made

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

101

Brashear v. Mason.

by law. (Art. 1. 9.) And it is declared, by act of Congress
(3 Statutes at Large, p. 689, 4 3), that all moneys appropriated
for the use of the War and navy departments shall be drawn from the treasury by warrants of the Secretary of the Treasury,, upon the requisitions of the Secretaries of these departments, countersigned by the second comptroller.
And, by the act of 1817 (3 Statutes at Large, p. 367, 44 8, 9),
it is made the duty of the comptrollers to countersign the warrants only in cases when they shall be warranted by law. And all warrants drawn by the Secretary of the Treasury upon the treasurer shall specify the particular appropriations to which the same shall be charged ;. and the moneys paid by virtue 6f such warrants shall, in conformity. therewith, be charged to such appropriations in the books kept by the comptrollers ;.and
the sums appropriated for each branch of expenditure in the several 'departments shall be solely applied to the, object forwhich they are respectively appropriated, and.no others. (2
Statutes at Large, p. 535, § 1.) Formerly, the moneys appropriated for the war and navy de-
partments were placed in the treasury to the credit of the respective secretaries. That practice has been changed, and all the moneys in the treasury are in to the credit or in the cusiody of the treasurers, and.can be drawn out, as we have seen, only on the warrant of the Secretary of the Treasury, countersigned by the comiptroller.
In the case of Mrs. Decatur v. Paulding (14 Peters, 497), it was held by this court that a mandamus would not lie from the Circuit Court of this District to the Secretary of the Navy
to compel him to pay to the plaintiff a sum of money claimed to be due her -as a pension under a-resolution of Congress.
There-was no question as to the amount due, if the plaintiff -was properly entitled to the pension; and it was made to ap-
pear, in that case, affirmatively on the application, that the pension fund was ample, to satisfy the claim. The fund, also,
was under the control of the Secretary, and the moneys payable on his own warrant.
Still the court refused to inquire into thb merits of the claim of Mrs. D. to the pension, or to -determine whether it was rightfully withheld or not by the Secretary, on the ground that the court below had no jurisdictioh over the case, and, there-
fore, the question not properly before this court on the writ of error.
The court say, that 'the duty required of the Secretary by the resolution was to be performed by him as the head of one of the executive departments of the government, in the ordinary discharge -of his official duties; that, in" general, sach
9*

102

SUPREME COURT

Brashear v. Mason.

duties, whether imposed by act of Congress or by resolution, are not mere ministerial duties; that the head of an executive department of the government, in the administration of the various and important concerns of hi§ office, is continually re-
quired to exercise judgment and discretion; and that the court could not by mandamus act directly ipon the officer, and guide and control his judgment or discretion in matters committed to his care in the ordinary discharge of his official duties.
The court distinguish the case from Kendall v. The United States (12 Peters, 524), where there was a mandamus to enforce the performance of a mere ministerial act, not involving, on the part of the officer, the exercise of any judgment or discretion.
The principle of the case of Mrs. Decatur is decisive of the present one. The facts here are much stronger to illustrate
the inconvenience and unfitness of the remedy. Besides the duty of inquiring into and ascertaining the rate
of compensation that may be due to the officers, under the laws of Congress, no payment can be made unless there has been an appropriation for the purpose. And if made, it may have become already exhausted, or prior requisitions may have been issued sufficient to exhaust it.
The Secretary is obliged to inquire into the condition of the fund, .nd the claims already charged upon it, in order to ascertain if there is.money enough to pay all the accruing demands, and if not enough, how it shall be apportioned among the parties entitled to it.
These are important duties, calling for the exercise of judg-
ment and discretion on the part of the officer, and in which the general creditdrs of the government, to the payment of whose demands the particular fund is applicable, are interest-
ed, as well as the government itself. At most, the Secretary is but a trustee of the fund for the benefit of all those who have claims chargeable upon it, and, like other trustees, is bound to administer -itwith a view to the rights and interests
.ofall concerned. It will not do to say, that the result of the proceeding by
mandamus would show the title of the relator to his pay, the amount, and whether there were any moneys in the treasury applicable to the demand; for, upon this ground, any creditor of the government would be enabled to enforce his claim
against it, through the head of the proper department, by means of this writ, and the proceeding by mandamus would
become as common, in the enforcement of demands upon the government, as the action of assumpsit to enforce like de-
mands against individuals. For these reasons, we think the writ of mandamus would

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

103

Heirs of De .Armas v.United States.

not lie in the casei and therefore, also, properly refused by the court below, and that the judgment should be affitmed.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, ana was argued by c6unsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be aiid the same is hereby affrmed.

Tnx HEIRS OF C. ANiT M. DE AR AS, APPELLANTS, V. THE UNITED STATES.
An order of the District Court, sustaining a demurrer to a petition because it was multifarious, and because the names of the persons claiming or in possession of the land which the petitioners alleged to belong to them were not set forth, was not a final judgment or decree from which an appeal lies to this court.
THis case came up by appeal from the District Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana.
It was a petition in the District Court relating to land, the circumstances of which it is unnecessary to state any further than they are referred to in the opinion of the court, as the case went off upon a point of jurisdiction. It was argued by Mr. S. A. Prentissand Mr. Perin, for the appellants, and Mr. Clifford (Attorney-General), for the United States.
That part of the argument of the Attorney-General which related to the point of jurisdiction was.as follows.
On the part of the United States it is contended, that the Supreme Court has no jurisdiction under the second section of .the, act of 1824, or under any other act, unless in cases where the judgment or decree in the court below made final disposition of the suit.
This point has been repeatedly ruled, on the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act, by the unanimous judgment of the court, and is believed no longer to be an open question. Houston v. Moore, 2 Wheat. 433. Gibbons v. Ogden, 6 Wheat. 448. Weston et al. v.City Council of Charleston, 2 Peters. 449. Winn's Heirs v. Jackson et. al., 12 Wheat. 135.
"The word final must be nnderstood as applying to all judgments and decrees which determine the particular cause." Weston et al. v. City Council of Charleston, before cited, on' pages 464, 465.

146

SUPREME COURT.

Curtis et al. v. Innerarity et al.

cury and her cargo in her voyage from Gibraltar, in December, 1822, the exceptions to any items charged against the defendant and allowed to the complainant, arising out of any private trading by the defendant on board the Mercury, and afterwards on board of the Superior, are overruled. The exceptions which apply to allowances made to the complainant against
the defendant, growing out of the first voyage of the Mercury, ending at Gibraltar, are sustained.
The decree of the Circuit Court is reversed, and the cause is remanded to that court, with instructions to enter a decree in pursuance of this opinion.

LEWIS CURTIS AND GEORGE GRISWOLD, TRUSTEES OF THE APPA-
LACHICOLA LAND CoDIPANk, APPELLANTS, V. JOHN AND JAMES IN-
NERARITY.
Where there was a sale of wild lands in Florida occupied by Indians and the purchasrs gave a mortgage to secure the payment of some outsanding instalments of the purchase iponey, the fact that- the purchasers had not complete possession of the lands is not a sufficient objection to their being charged with interest from the time when the money was due.
They had paid a large part of the purchase-money before the execution of the ,mortgage, withoLt raising this objection, and the parties to the contract of sale knew that the Indians had possession of the lands as hunting-grounds.
The purchasers in a former suit averred that they had peaceable possession, and the vendors cannot be held responsible for a subsequent disturbance.
The doctrine of the civil law, viz. "that the vendee is not liable for interest where he received no profits from the thing purchased," applies only to executory contracts where the price is contracted to be paid at some future day, and the contract is silent as to interest.
Nor is it an objection to the allowance of interesi that the purchaser was put to much trouble and expense to obtain d recognition of his title.
The claim to be released from interest, upon the ground that there was no person legally authorized to receive it, is not supported by the facts in this case.
Where the vendor gave a power of attorney to an agent to receive a payment from the purchasers on account, and the agent gave a receipt in full for certain balances by way of adjustment and compromise, and the vendor disapproved of the acts of the agent, the payment is not good, even on account, against the vendor.
The purchasers, by maling a payment in this way, upon certain terms which were not within the power of attorney, constituted. the agent their agent. For two years afterwards, they insisted upon the binding force of the acts of the agent to the extent to which he had given releases, and only claimed the payment to be on account when the agent became insolvent. It was then too late.
THIs was an appeal from the Court of Appeals for the Territory of Florida
All the material facts in the case are set forth in the opinion of- the court.
The case was argued at the preceding term by Mr. Webster and Mr. Berrien., for the appellants, and by Mr. Westcott and Mr. Jones, for the appellees.

. JANUARY TERM, 1848.

147

Curtis et 'al. v. Innerarity et al.

Mr.'Webster opened the case, on the part of the appellants, by stating all the circumstances of it. He then contended that the appellants were not properly chargeable with interest during the interval between the death of John Forbes 'in 1822, in Cuba, and there being a personal representative of his estate in the United States. There was nobody to whom a payment could rightfully have been made. Moreover, the purchasers did not come into possession until 1835, when a decree of this court confirmed their title. Previously to that, both the commissioners and courts in Florida had rejected it. By the rules of the civil and Spanish law, the land when sold was watrant;-
ed, and when this is the case, and the purchaser cannot get
possession, no interest is payable. 1 Domat; 399, §§ 3, 4, 5, 75, 76, 79; 2 Wash. C. C. 204.
Under such circumstances, if notes are given for the pur-
chase, chancery will restrain the vendor -from collecting the
notes until the encumbrances are cleared away. Of course, interest would not run during this time. 2 Johns. Ch. R. 546;. Colin Mitchell's case, 9 -Peters, 711.
We are entitled to'a credit for the money paid to Blount under his power of attorney. The power -was ample to re-
ceive money. If'he went beyond it, it is an affair between his principal and himself.- But the power extended to the receipt of the money which we paid. If what he did beyond his power can be separated from what he did within it, then
the latter is good pro tanto. If it cannot be separated, perhaps the whole act is void. It is for the court to say whether the payment on our part of a specific sum of money cannot be distinguished from the releases which he gave. Story on
Agency, 204, § 170. If he had power to receive money on behalf of the mort-
gagee, he had power also to state an account and to give a receipt. So far his acts must be.good, because a line can be
lawn between them and his other acts.

Mr. Wetcott, for the appellees, said that some of the facts
stated by the opposite counsel did not appear upon the record. He therefore. xacapitulated the circumstances of the case as they were exhibited by the record. The instalments were all payable in London,-according to the contract, and in deciding that 'they were not, the court below erred, for the acts of the parties and the terms of the contract showed the contrary
The mortgage was- made in consequence of a settlementobetween Forbes and Mitchell for money .then -due. 'All prior .. yments. were presumed ta, be adjuistea- and takei into the account. Itwae& given- for the last two instalments, and the

148

SUPREME COURT.

Curtis et al. v,Innerarity etal.

time extended. The interest upon this extension would amount
to a large sum, and the parties must be presumed to have had it in their minds. But it is said that we are not entitled to interest, because the contract was executed in Florida, and by
the civil law no interest accrues until the vendee is placed in possession. Also, because there was no person legally authorized to receive the interest. With regard to the first point, where is the evidence,, in this record, of any difficulty in obtaining possession? The record of a former case tried in this court shows that these parties then said they had been in undisturbed possession. The petitioners in that case were the as-
signees of Colin Mitchell. It is said, also, that by the civil law a sale implies a warran-
ty, and Domat is cited. But Domat does not give the laws of Spain which prevailed inFlorida. It might be admitted that
the civil law implies a warranty where there is a sale of personal property. But it is not the rule as to sales of property where ;deeds are required. The French law is not the same with the Spanish. For example, Domat says it is not necessary that thevendee must'be ousted, to entitle him to bring an action against the vendor. This may, perhaps,'have Been Roman law,-but it is not Spanish. Johnson's Laws of Spain, 216, 217.; in brackets, 195.
The Spaniards seem to have derived their law from the
same source from which the common law of England came. In both, there must be an actual eviction. But in this case, the appellants say that they Were disturbed in their possession by the United States, when the decision-of this court shows that the United States had no title.
The contract is said to have been for the purchase and sale of wild lands which yielded no fruits. 1 Domat, book 3, sec. 14) p. 422, enumerates four classes of cases where interest is chargeable. One is when it depends on the agreement. It is true" that in our case nothing is expressly said about interest, either in the contract or mortgage.. But the intention of the parties must be the guide, and that can be gathered from the contract. The civil and common law igree in this. If the. time of payment was fixed by the mortgage, new security taken and the time extended, these circumstances take the case out of the rule respecting wild lands, because they supervene upon the original contract. It was executed" after the treaty with Spain was concluded. The change of flags took place in July, 1821. But in February, 1820, it was known that a treaty was concluded. Mitchell's purchase was in anticipation of the treaty. Is it a case, then, to be governed by the civil law, contrary to the intention of the parties and to the equity of the

JA.N.&RY TERM, 1848.

149

Curtis et al. w. Innerarity et al.

case ? The court below allowed five per cent. interest. But in August, 1822, the laws of Florida (p. 48) gave six per cent. The case cited from Wash. C. C. Rep. 250 is not in point. I refer to the same book, p. 253. On the general subject of interest, all the cases are cited in 2 Fonblanque, 423 ; in brackets, 425.
But another reason given for not being charged with interest is, that there was no person authorized to receive the money. It is true that Forbes had no administrator in Florida until 1837; but he had an executor in Havana, and the contract was made there. The law is, that the party must show that he was willing and ready to pay before he can be excused. 3 Leigh, 619; Powell on Mortg. 367, 368; 2 Tomlins's Law
Dict. 247; 1 Yes. 222; Barge's Com. 754. In the record, the appellants admit their liability to pay in-
terest, and in the settlement with .Forbes they actually pay five per cent. interest. If they put it upon the ground of -atender; we reply that a tender must be strictly made, so that the tender of a less sum is no bar to interest. Powell on Mort. above; 3 Kent's Com. 450; 6 Randolph, 465.
Payments must first be applied to interest. 1 Halsted, 408;
I Dall. 124. As to Blount's power of attorney, he had only authority to.
receive money on account. He is, prohibited in six different places from giving a release in full. Such powers must be strictly construed. Story on Agency, 63.
The appellants knew that we claimed $ 57,000, and yet took
a release in full for $ -13,000: What did good faith require of
them ? Certainly, to niotify Inerarity ; and yet, although the money was paid in October, 1839, he did not know it until May, 1840. As soon as he knhv it, he disavowed it. The
appellants purposely concealed it. (Mr.Westcott here examined maWnyithparrtesspoefctthteorethcoerdnutomsbheorwofthiinss.t)alments of Z 375 each
which.ought to be deducted, the appellants never claimed more than onein their answer, and yet the court allowed them two.

'Mr. Jones, on the same side, said that most of the original parties were dead. The affirmative of the questions raised"had to be proved by the appellants. They were sued below on a plain question of mortgage, and ought to have presented their
defence long ago. - Persons and docunents were then existing, to clear up things which are now dark. The contract was made in 1817-between Forbes and Mitchell, both residing in the same jurisdiction. The first instalment wa *provided for,
leaving a balance of $ 50;000. Two years afterwards, a mort-
13* .

150

SUPREME COURT.

Curtis et al. v. Innerarity et al.

gage was made, and now tli6 appellants wish to go behind the contract and mortgage too. Their claim is against strong presumption, and -equires strict proof.

Mr. Berrien, in reply and conclusion, said that the evidence in the cause 'is very defective ; but it is not the fault of the appellants. It is owing to the prosecuti6n of a sta.e demand by the other side, after the evidence to resist it has in a great
degree perished. The pleadings, also, are very irregular, 'and the record is strangely arranged; but the questions at issue can be discovered and fairly represented. The bill of Innerarity to foreclose, the answer of Curtis, the amended bill of John Innerarity, and the answer. to it, are sufficient, without the proceedings upon the cross-bill, to make the questions intelligible. These proceedings show that it is a bill to foreclose a mortgage by John Innerarity, as the administrator of Forbes, claim-. ing $ 76,000 ; this claim is then reduced to $ 67,000, and subsequently to $ 28,000. In this last, we say there is error m the
following points, and that the decree ought to be reversed: 1st. Because interest is calculated on each instalment from
th':respective days of payment, when it ought only to have been allowed from the. time of the demand made by-Iling the bill of foreclqsure, or, at most, from the- grant.of letters of administration on the estate of John Forbes to John Innerarity,
one of the complainants. 2d. Because the balance alleged to be due on an unpaid bill
of exchange, given by Cohn Mitchell, which was not secured' by the mortgage, together with damages and interest, are allowed in the decree.
3d. Because the court refused to allow a deduction of F 375 to be made from the amount due on the mortgage, notwithstanding the written acknowledgment of John Forbes that such deduction should be made.
4th. Because the court refused to allow, as a payment on the mortgage, the sum of thirteen thousand three hundred and fifty-seven dollars and seventy-three cents, received from the appellants by Thomas M. Blount, the agent and attorney of John Innerarity.
5th. Because costs are decreed against 'the appellants. The date of the letters of administration is not in the rec-
ord, but it must have been between 1835 and 1837. 1. Interest upon the two instalments. The condition of the property was and is notorious. It was
w94, lad, inhabited by Indians, and the record shows it. In
the former case, which has.been referred to, it is true that there was an averment that the parties had been -in undisputed pos-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

151

Curtis et al. v. Innerarity et al.

session, but it was inserted merely to give the court jurisdiction, and is contradicted by the evidence. The Indians were quiet whilst the Spanish government lasted, but became turbulent as soon as the change took place. The purchasers could not get possessi6n of the property. By the civil law, interest is not payable, although a. term be fixed for payment, which term has expired, unless the purchaser is put into possession, or the thing purchased is capable 'of producing fruits. 1 Domat, p. 397, 2d ed., tit. 5, see. 1, art. 3.
The Spanish law must govern the case. But the same doc-trine is maintained in our c6untry. 2 Wash. C. C. Rep. 253.
In Domat, p. 398, art. 5, it is said that if. the cause produces no revenue, interest is due only where there is a demand. This court will officially take notice of acts of Congress and treaties, and these prohibit aiy exercise of ownership by claimants until the title is settled. It has been said that there was no warranty in the deed. But by the civil law a warranty is implied. I Domat, p. 75, tit. 2, sec. 10; ibid. p. 76.
By our own law, any disturbance would be a ground for an injunction to stay the collection of the purchase-money. 2 Johns. Ch. R. 546.
Interest is given for money which is due and payable. But if it is not payable, according t6 the above rase in Johnson, then no interest can be charged.
In the next place, terest cannot be claimed because from 1822 to the grant of letters of administration (say in 1837) there was no person legally entitled to receive a payment or to
release the mortgage. .Forbes's executor in Cuba must be.excepted from this remark; but'an offer of paymehi was made to that executor and refused. The refusal is alleged in the bill, and admitted in the answer. How can the debtor be charged
with interest, when, if he sought to pay his debt, there was no one to whom he could pay it who could give him a legal receipt ? It is said that the debtor must give notice to the creditor .that he had the money ready. But in the cases referred to, there was some person authorized to receive such a notice; but here there was not. It is also said that we did, pay interest, and therefore acknowledged our liability to -pay. It is true
that interest was paid; but by whom, and when ? It was only when letters were taken out, and was not paid by the mortgagor, but by the drawer of a bill of exchange, - by Colin Mitchell; the mortgagor never paid any, and Colin Mitchell had no legal title. If interest is due, .therefore, it can only be due from 1837.
2d point. As to the bill of. exchange. The bill was not produced in the court below, but the court

152

SUPREME COURT."

Curtis et al. v.Innerarity et al.

say that payment was made by the parties. But the payment was made by Colin Mitchell, and not the parties in the case.
The judge therefore erred in a matter of fact. Payment of the bill could not have been enforced in a suit to foreclose the mortgage. It was given for the first instalment due upon the mortgage, and must have been received either as payment or
as collateral security. If as payment, then a lesser security than the mortgage has been accepted, and it is just as if we had paid in cash. If it was taken as collateral security, the bill should have been returned when not paid. Under a bill to foreclose the mortgage, it is impossible to collect damages on a protested bill of exchange. They should have sued the drawer, Colin Mitchell, at law upon the bill.
3d point. As to the L375.
The court below say that we claim two allowances of Z 375, whereas we formerly claimed only one.
(Mr. Berrien here entered into many calculations upon this
matter.) 4th point. As to Blount's. authority.
The true rule upon-this subject has been quoted by Mr. Webster from Story on Agency, §§ 166, 170. Where the acts of the agent within his authority are distinguishable from those beyond it, the former are good, and the latter only are void.
We say, 1st. That the. authoiity was substantially executed. 2d. That the acts within the power are distinguishable from those beyond it. The power which Blount had necessarily included a power to state an account 'and show what balance was due; and the receipt of $ 13,000 was clearly within the scope of his author-
ity. The court below say that the payment was clogged with a condition which Innerarity could not accept, and therefore he was not bound to bear the loss. But there is nothing in the record to sustain this. Blount was president of a .bank, was Innerarity's solicitor in the case, and his bosom friend.
Innerarity says be did not know of this transaction until 1840, and the counsel on the other side complain that we were guilty of a fraud in not giving notice. But why should we give no-"
tice ? The presumption was that the agent would report to his principal. We paid the money, and took a receipt. It was not our duty to give notice of it to the principal.

Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court.
It would contribute nothing to a clear apprehension of the merits of this case to enumerate the various bills, answers, cross-bills, &c., constituting the very voluminous and confused

JANUARY TIRM, 1848.

153

Curtis et al. v. Innerarity et al.

mass of pleadings and documents spread upon our paper books. .The pleadings have been consolidated, by agreement of the parties. We may, therefore, consider the .case;:before us as a bill by John Innerarity, administrator d th estate of John Forbes, deceased, against the trustees of the Appalachicolaw Land Company, for the foreclosure of a-mortgage given ,under
the following circumstances. On the 4th of December, 1818, John Forbes, acting as the
executor of William Panton and Thomas Forbes, and as agent of their respective'heirs, ccvenanted to sell- to Colin Mitchell "two undivided-thirds of a certain tract of land cededby the Creek Indians unto the h6use of trade of which said Forbes was the principal partner, lying upon and between the rivers Appalachicola and Appalachee, .and.cpntaining about one million two hundred thousand, acres, for the consideration of $ 66,666.66, to be paid in the following manner: - One fourth, or $ 16,666, on the 1st of May next, in the city of London, valuing the same at four shillings and six pence sterling -each dollar; the remainder, or $ 50,000, in four equal yearly instal-
ments, reckoning from the date," &c. This agreement was made and, executed in. the island of
Cuba, where John Forbes then resided. Colin Mitchell purchased for himself, Carnochan, and others, and, subsequently took- the title in his own name, and continued to hold it till 1820,"when he transferred it to Octavius Mitchell, who held it as trustee for. the company then or afterwards known as the ·Appalachicola Land Company. On the 9th of October, 1820, Octavius Mitchell executed a mortgage to John Forbes for the lWt two instalments of $ 12,500 each, 'due, by the agreement, on the 8th of December, 1820, and the 8th' of December, 1821; but further time appears to have been given in the
mortgage for these two paypients" as they are made payable on the 9th of March, 1821, and the 9th of March, 1822. This mortgage is on the undivided half of the land conveyed to Mitchell, and is the subject of the present suit.
John Forbes, the mortgagee, died in Cuba, in May, 182%, having made a vill arid appointed executors, who qualified and acted as such in that place, but never proved the will nor
obtained letters testamentary in Florida. John Innerarity first obtained letters of administration'in
Florida, on the- estate of John Forbes, on the 5th of July,
1836. That there is a balance due and unpaid on this mortgage
seems to be admitted; but the parties differ widely in their estimates of its amount. The Sulkrior Court for the county
of Escambia, where this case originated, adjudged the balance

154

SUPREME COURT.

Curtis et al. v. Innerarity et al.

due on the mortgage to be $ 50,1596.0. On appeal to the
Court of Errors of the territory, that court decreed the balance
due to be $ 28,500. From that decree both parties have
appealed. At preseilt, we can notice only the exceptions taken by the mortgagors, whose appeal is now under consideration.
They have insisted on three several exceptions to the decree of the.Court of Appeals, which will be noticed in their order.
1. Because interest was allowed from the time the money secured by the mortgage became payable, when it should have been allowed only from the time of filing the bill for fore-
closure. 2. Because the court refused to allow a credit of Z 375,
which John Forbes admitted should be deducted from the amount claimed.
·3. Because a payment of $ 13,357.73, made to Thomas MA. Blount, was not allowed as a credit.
We shall consider these exceptions in their order, stating the facts of the case bearing on each of them so far as may be
necessary to their elucidation.
I. As to the interest. As the contract for the purchase of these lands, and the mortgage given to secure the balance of the purchase-money, were executed in. the island of Cuba, the court below allowed the current and legal rate of interest of that place (five per cent.) from the time the respective payments became due. It is a dictate of natural justice, and the law of every civilized country, that a man is bound in equity, not only to per-
form his engagements, but also to repair all the damages that accrue naturally from their breach. Hence, every nation, Whether governed by the civil or common law, has established a certain common measure of reparation for the detention of
money not paid according to contract, which is usually calculated at a -certain and legal rate of interest. Every one who contracts to pay money on a certain day knows, that, if he fails to fulfil his contract, he must pay the established. rate of interest as damages for his non-performance. Hence it may correctly be -said, that such is thq inplied contract of the parties. (See 2 Fonblanque, Eq. 423. '1 Domat, book 3, tit. 5.) The appellants themselves seem to have been fully aware of the justice of this rule, as in all their communications with the mortgagees they have admitted their liability to pay interest, and in their bill, filed in 1837, to have satisfaction entered on the mortgage (which makes a part of the record of this case), they offer "to pay interesf at five *per cent. from the 8th of December, 1821." This may not of itself be a sufficient rea-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

. 155

Curtis et al. v. Innerarity et al.

son for disallowing their present exception, if founded ih justice, but it affords a strong. presumption that it has no such.
foundation. The reasons alleged in support of this exception are, first,
that the mortgagors had not possession of the land, or at least received no'profits from it, and that, in either case, by the civil law, the purchaser is not bound to pay interest. But we are of opinion that this objection is founded on a mistake both of the law and the fact. The mortgage was given more than two years after the sale to the mortgagors and title executed to them. A large portion of the purchase-money had been -paid, and no objection made, that, the purchasers had not all the pos-
session of which the land, was capable. Both parties knew that, although the Indians had ceded their title, they still continued a transient occupancy of 'the lands for hunting-grounds. They may have infested the lands, and rendered it dangerous for the owner to occupy them in time of war; but their possession Was not what the law would term adverse, not. being with claim of title. There was no covenant by the vendor to. expel or exterminate 'the Indians; the purchasers received such possession of the land as could be given them, cum onere. It was not expected that the Indians should attorn to them or pay them rent. The purchasers of over a million of acres of wild lands did pot expect to make profits by actual cultivation or reception of rents.' Their expectation of profit was from the. increase in value of the lands from efflux of time and the progress of improvement. These profits they have realized, doubtless to the amount of more than a thousand per cent. on their original investment. Moreover, the record of the Forbes case, decided in this court (and read in evidence in this case, by con-
sent), shows that, in 1828, eleven years after the purchase, the appellaihts, or those under whom they claim, declared under oath that they had had 11peacebable possdssion" of the land ever since their purchase. If, since that time,.or before it, an actual pedis possessio of these lands may have proved difficult or
dangerous, owing to Indian wars, it surely cannot be seriously argued, that any warranty, expressed or implied, either by, the civil or the common law, makes the vendor liable for the acts -of a public enemy; or -for a detention or disturbance of the possession by the act of the sovereign power. The purchasers have received full seizin and possession of these lands in the
year 18f9, under a title proved to be good and indefeasible; the execution of this mortgage is an assertion of the fact ;.they
have neglected to comply with their contract to .pay the money secured by the mortgage for ten years, at least, without any apology; and it would be a strange doctrine indeed, jand' one

156

SUPREME COURT.

Curtis et al. v.Innerarity et al.

equally unknown to the civil as to the common law, that an accidental disturbance of the possession by the public enemy,
happening so many years after such default of payment, could retroact to justify its previous detention, or operate -as a defence to the payment either of principal or interest.
Besides, if it were true that, during all this time, the vendee
was unable to have such a possession of his land as to receive profits from. it, the, doctrine of the civil law, as quoted by the learned counsel for the appellant, - "that the vendee is not liable for interest where' he received no profits from the thing purchased," -has'no application to the present case. It applies only to executory contracts, where the price is contracted to be paid at some future day, and the contract is silent as to interest. In such a case, the civilblaw will allow interest from
the date of the contract of sale, if the vendee has had possession and received profits from the thing purchased. In this it
differs from the common law) which would not allow interest before the day fixed for payment, unless specially contracted for. But where the purchaser has contracted to pay on a given day, and neglects or refuses so to do; both law and eqity sub-
ject him to interest as the measure of damages for the breach
of his contract.
A second bbjection made to the payment of inteiest is, that the purchasers incurred much trouble and expense in obtaining any acknowlbdgment of their title from the United States, and, although it was finally decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States that their title was valid, yet that the courts of Florida had declared it invalid, and thus caused a cloud to hang over it for two or three years, which hindered the settle-
ment, improvement, and sale of the lands. It is hard to conceive on what grounds these facts should
constitute a defence to the -payment of interest. The vendor did not, and no sane vendor would, covenant that his vendee
should enjoy the property in all future time, free from unjust interruption or oppression either by the sovereign power of the State, the public enemy, or individual trespassers. At the time this company purchased this claim from Forbes, the United States and Spain were in treaty for the cession of Florida; and doubtless it was the prospect of this change of sovereign, and
the anticipated increase in value 'in consequence. thereof, that moved, them to purchase'this large claim on speculation, and to covenant to pay the' money for it, without waiting to see whether the United States would confirm the title or without exacting from the vendors any covenant for the payment of any expenses to be incurred in obtaining the confirmation of
their title by the new sovereign.

JANUARY TERM -1848.

157

:
Curtis et

al.v.

Innerarity et

al.'

It may be admitted, also, that a court of equity would have

enjoined the vendor from enforcing the collection of the pur-.

chase-money.while the decree of the Florida court as to the

title remained unreversed, from an apprehension of a total fail-

ure of tonsideration; yet as that judgment was reversed, and

as the vendee was never evicted or put out of possession, he

could have no claim to be released from paying interest- even

during, the time his title was thus unjustly subject to -a cloud,

much less for any term preceding its existence, or since its re-

moval. As we have', already said, there was no covenant in

this sale, nor is there in this or in any sale, either of real 6r

personal property, any implied warranty by the vendor that his

vendee shall enjoy it for ever free from all unjust or illegal in-

terference either by the sovereign, or the citizen, or the public

enemy.

If the money secured by this mortgage had been paid when

it became due,. the mortgagee could have retained it with good

conscience, and the mortgagor could have shown no right to

recover it back.'on the ground of failure of consideration; for.

the consideration has not failed, and the title to the lands sold

is indefeasible. And such being the case,.it is hard to perceive

any reason why the mortgagor should not be liable to the legal

damages for detaining money which he was bound to pay.

Another reason urged against the allowance of interest in

this case is founded on the allegation, that, fr6m the death of

Forbes, in 1822, till 1836, when John Innerarity took out let-

ters of administration in Florida, there was no person to whom

the mortgagors could legally make payment. But this argu-

ment is founded on a mistake of-facts, as it appears-clearly by

the record, that, whenever the mortgagors were ready or will-

ing to pay, they found persons ready to teceive and give then!

a good and sufcient acquittance.

John -Forbes was a trustee, as to this money, for the heirs

of Panton and Thomas Forbes. When the mortgagors called

on the executors of John Forbes to make a partial payment on

the mortgage, they declined to receire it, but directed the pay-

ment to be made to the cestui que trusts,-ivhiQh was accordingly

done. In October, -1823, one half of the first instalment was

paid to William H. Forbes, acting for himself and -the other

heirs of Thomas Forbes. In the same year, also, the mort-

gagors paid to James Innerarity, who represented the heirs of

Panion, the sum of $ 2,680.81, and in February, 1825, the fur-

ther sum of $ 2,080.87. There is no evidence of any tender

of the balance, either to the executors of Forbes or to the

cestui que trusts.

This objection is therefore without foundation'; -and -this

vo. ; V.

. 14

SUPREME COURT.
Curtis et al. v.Innerarity et al.
exception to the decree of the Court of Appeals is overruled.
II. The second exception is to the refusal of the court to. allow a credit of £ 375, claimed by the mortgagors.
After three of the five instalments into which the price of the lafnds was divided had been paid, but before the execution of the mortgage to secure the last two, it was discovered, that John and James Innerarity, who were owners of one fifth of the Panton interest (or one tenth of the two thirds sold), would not assent to the sale made by John Forbes. Whereupon, as appears by all the testimony and the admissions of the parties, it was agreed to refund to the purchasers a proportional amount (being one tenth) of the purchase-money. Accordingly, three several sums of £ 375 were refunded to John Carnochan, who then represented the purchasers. "Besides which," says Forbes, in his letter of 10th of December, 1819, "you will have to deduct from the acceptances due in 1820 and 1821 two similar sums at these distinct periods." On the trial below, the mortgagees insisted, that, as the mortgage was given for the balance due on the purchase nearly a year after the above-stated letter of Forbes, the fair presumption would be, that all the deductions for the defect of title in the Panton share had been already made, as the parties were fully aware of the difficulty, and had already refunded large sums on account of it; and, as further time was given in the mortgage for the payment of the last two instalments, it would not be probable that the parties had inadvertently given a security for a larger sum than was due. On the contrary, the mortgagors contended that they were entitled to a credit for two'sums of £375, according to the admission in Forbes's letter. The Court of Appeals allowed them a credit for one sum of £375, but refused to allow the other; which zonstitutes the ground of the second exception to the decree.
As the correctness of the position taken by either party, on this point, can be subjected to the test of mathematical calculation based on admitted facts, we are of opinion that*this exception has not been sustained. The whole amount of purchase-money for the tw-o thfrds ronveyed was £ 15,000 sterling. The deduction for the Innerarity interest was one tenth, or
41,500, which would make four instalments of £375 each. As the mortgage is given for the last two instalments without any deduction, and as it is admitted that three instalments of £375 each were refunded, it is plain that the fourth sum of £375 was not deducted from the mortgage, and equally plain that John Forbes was mistaken when he said that two sums of £3.75 remained yet to be deducted. The origin of this

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

159

Curtis et al. v. Innerarity et al.

mistake can easily be discerned. The first payment was one
fourth of the whole purchase-mtoney, or £3,750; the one tenth refunded was Z375; but as the remaining three fourths were divided into four instalments, each of £2,812 10s., the deduction from each would be but £281 5s. He overlooked the fact, that the last four instalments, being each one fourth less than the first, the-amount to be deducted would be diminished in the same ratio. The oversight or mistake of Forbes in 1819 is not greater than that of both parties in 1820, when they included in the mortgage £375 which they knew was not due.But as the fact is fully established, that the only subject of deduction was one. tenth of the whole, and that 'three sums of A375 had been refunded'and no more, the admission of Forbes, on the one side, and the presumptions of fact drawn from the execution, of the mortgage, on -the other, must both yield to the certainty of arithmetic.
M.'The third and last ground of exception urged by the
appellants is the refusal bf the court to allow the-m a credit for the sum of $ 13,347'.75,- paid to Thomas M. Blount, the agent
and attorney of John Inerarity. Some two years after the commencement of the litigation
between these parties, the appellants made a payment to Thomas M. Blount of $ 13,357.75, under the following circumstances.
It 'was adibitted by both parties that a large sum was due oA. the mortgage, but they"difed widely as to the amount. Innerarity, being,willing to receive .any amount which the mortgagors were willing to pay, and give them a general credit for so much paid on account, -withoutcompromitting. his right to recover the whole-amount claimed by him, gave a power of attorney to Thomas M. Blount, who was going to New York, where the appellants resid~d, ,-toreceive from the .trustees of the Appalachicola Land Company, in the bity of New York,
any sum. or sums of money on account of and in art payment of the niortgage, &c., and to give such receipt or receipts, re-
.lease or releases, therefor, as may be deemed requisite to exonerate the said trustees from so much of the said.mortgage as may be paid by them on account and in part payment," &c., &c.
-With this power.of attorney, Blount proceeded to New York, and, instead of receiving such sums as the mortgagees might choose to pay on.account, and g: ving such receipts or releases as he was authorized to give, he assumed to adjust and settle with the company the whole balance due on the mortgage, and to act as if he had been authorized to a-bitrate and decide all
the-matters in variance between the parties,in the co ntrover--
sies then pending .in the; courts-of Florida. For the sum of $4,832-35, he gave the mortgagors a discharge for the balance

160

SUPREME COURT.

Curtis et al. v. Innerarity et al.

of the first instalment, including the disputed item of damages on the bill of exchange, claims, &c. And for a further sum of $ 8,525.38 he gave a discharge of one half the last instalment. Both Blount and the appellants well knew that Innerarity had uniformly and tenaciously claimed a much larger amount as due on each of these items; and they ought to have known, that, even if no more was justly due on them than the amounts paid, Blount had no authority to compromise or adjudicate on the justice of Innerarity's claim. Besides these sums of money which are stated in Blount's release to be the whole consideration thereof, he .received also a writteln contract of Messrs. Curtis and Griswold, to pay a further sum of $ 5,000, on certain conditions; but to whom, or how, or on what contingency, it is difficult to discover from any thing that appears on the face of the paper, or the evidence
in the cause. . Soon after this transaction (on 20th January, 1840), In-
nerarity gave notice by letter to the appellants, that he repudiated the act of Blount, and says: - " So soon after his return as I saw Mr. Blount, he informed me of theyrovisionalarrangement that he had made with you, subject to my aproval. But this involved the suspension of the sum of $ 5,000, with the corresponding interest, &c., for which your contingent bond was proposed, &c., with the preliminary, however, of the cancellation of the moiety of the mortgage. This proposition, I confess, startled me," &c.
The appellants, though thus informed by Innerarity that he considered '"Blount as, placed in the position of their agent," and that he was unwilling to ratify "this provisional arrangement," nevertheless proceeded to put on record in Florida the release given them by Blount. ,When this came. to the knowledge of Innerarity, he again addressed them, by letter of 19th
May, 1840, as follows: - "I addressed you a letter on the 20th of January last, and subsequently on the 25th of February, by original and duplicate, in which I advised you, that, having learned from T., M. Blount that he had an arrangement with you subject- to my approval,. at he stated to me and others, in relation to a discharge of one moiety of the mortgage, &c., I did not feel at liberty, as the representative, of the interest of others, for the reasons stated in my said letter of 20th of January, to sanction the provisional contract which he made.
To these letters I have received, no answer, but to my great astonishment have just seen the deed of. release given to you on the 19th of September, by Mr. Blount, in which he proposes to act as my attorney, and which deed professes to discharge the trustees from one moiety secured by the above-

JANUARY TERM,- 1848.

161

Curtis et al. v. Innerarity et al.

mentioned mortgage. In so doing Mr. Blount has transcended his authority as my attorney, as will appear by reference to my. letter of attorney, &c., &c. Feeling it to be my duty to disavow this unauthorized assumption of my attorney, and not less my duty to give you timely warning to protect yourselves from injury, I hereby notify you that I disavow and repudiaie the deed of release, &c. I have not received, nor will not receive, any part of the money paid by you to Mr. Blount; but Will look to you and the original security for the debt due under the said mortgage."
The receipt of these letters is admitted by the appellants in their answer to a supplemental bill filed by Innerarity (June 12th, 1840), for the purpose of having Blount's release delivered up, and the whole tranbaction between him and the trustees de. clared fraudulent and void: On the 6th of July, 1840, Carnochan, one of the trustees, filed his cross bill to make Blount a party, and praying that, inasmuch as the money paid to him by the trustees had not been applied to the purpose for which it was designed, it may be paid into court' and held under their control. On the 9th of April, 184-1, the appellants filed another cross bill, insisting on the full power of Blount in the transaction, and praying the court to confirm and establish the
release, and to order satisfaction to be entered on the mortgage
accordingly. And finally, on the 27th of June, 1841, after it was ascer-
tained that Blount and the Bank of Pensacola (of which he was president, arid in which he had dep bsited the money)
were both insolvent, and that the money paid to him was lost, the appellants, in their answer to the cross bill, for the first. time, offer "1to waive the said release," and "1be satisfied that
payment shall be held and regarded as on account of the mortgage generally, and be credited _pro tanto."
On these facts, the appellants contend that they are entitled
to a credit for the money paid to Blount, because he was authorized to receive it; and although the settlement he made and the release he gave may be void for want of authority, yet
his acts, so far as they were authorized, were valid and binding
on his principal.
"Regularly it is true," says Lord Coke, "1that when a man
doth less than the commandment or authority committed unto
him, then, the commandment or authority being not pursued, the act is void." And when a .man doth that which he is authorized to do, and more, then it is good for that which is warranted, and void for the rest. Yet both these rules have divers exceptions and limitations." (Co. Lit. 258 a.) And "Lord Coke is well warranted," says Mr; Justice Story,(Story
14*

SUPREME COURT.
Curtis et al. v. Innerarity ot al.
on Agency, § 166), " in suggesting that there are exceptions and limitations. Where there is a complete execution of the authority, and something ex abundanti is added which is improper, then the execution-is good and the excess only is void. But when there is not the complete execution of the power, *or when the boundaries between the excess and the rightful execution are not distinguishable, then the whole would be void."
It is contended, in the present case, that the excess and the rightful execution are easily distinguishable, and that the receipt.of the money was a valid act and-binding on his principal, though the settlement and release were void. But we are ,of opinion, that the appellants have not put themselves in a condition to have the benefit of this principle. Blount's power of attorney was a bare uthority to receive money on account of the mortgage then in litigation, if the appellants chose to pay him any, leaving all the questions in dispute between the parties open to future adjustment. But the mortgagors" refuse to pay him money on the conditions on which he was authorized to receiye it, and give a valid acqcittance. On the contrary, the money given to Blount is on their own terms, and in consideration of a settlement, arrangement, and release, which they knew, or ought to,have known, Blount had no authority to make. The money paid, the bond given, the receipt taken, discharging them from the balance claimed on the bill of exchange and from one half of the last instalment, constitute one transaction. Having advanced the mohey on their own terms and conditions, and not on those tendered by Innerarity, they put him into a situation in which he must either affirm or repudiate the whole transaction. For if he 'accepted he moIney, they might insist that he could not reject the consideration on which it was given, on the familiar principle of the law, "1that th6 principal cannot ratify a transaction of his agent in part, and repueiate it as to the rest." (Story on Agency, § 250.) Besides, by thus undertaking to enter into a treaty with Blount which they knew could not be binding without the assent of Innerarity, they in fact constituted Blount their ambassador or agent to obtain its confirmation. They had a perfect-right to refuse to pay money on the terms dictated by Innerarity inhis letter of attorney; and Innerarity had an equal right to refuse it on their terms. And when informed by him, soon after the transaction, that he considers Blount as their agent, and that he had proposed this transaction as a provisional arrangement subject to the approval of Innerarity, they keep silence till he again repudiates the transaction and files a bill to set it aside, and never intimate a will ughess

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

163

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

that Innerarity shall receive the money on the terms he offered, till near two years afterwards, when the money was lqst by. the insolvency of Blount and the bank. This assent- of the appellants to the terms of Innerarity came too late, after the money had been lost by their obstinate pertinacity in endeavours to compel him to accept it on their own terms.
We are of opinion, therefore, that the Court of Appeals have not erred in refusing to credit .the appellants with this
sum as a payment on the mortgage. The decree of the Court of Appeals of Florida is therefore
affirmed.
Order.
* This cause came on to' be heard on the transcript of the record frbm the Court of Appeals for the Territory of Florida, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here considered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Court of Appeals in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs and damages at the rate of six per centum per annum, and that the time of redemption be extended to six months from and after the filing of the mandate of this court in this case in the court below.

NELSON F. ;HELTONi APPELLANT, V. CLAYTON TIFFIN AND LILBURN

-

P. PERRY.

Where an individual has resided in a State for a considerable time, being engaged in the prosecution of business, he may w4l1 be presumed to be a citizen of such State wiless the contrary appear. And this principle is strengthened when the individual lives on a plantation and cultivates it with a large force, claiming and improving theproperty as hid own.
On a thange of domicile from one State to another, citizenshi may depend upon the intention of the individual. But this intention may be stown more satisfactorily by acts than declarations. An exercise of the right of sufirage is conclusive upon the subject; but acquiring a right of suffrage, accompanied by acts which show a permanent location, unexplained, may be sufficient.
The facts, that the party and his wife were residents of Louisiana br more than two years before the commencement of the suit; that he was absent only once, on a visit to a watering-place; that he resided the greater part of the time on a plantation which he claimed as his own ; that he constructed upon it a more secure and comfortable dwelli' -house : that he observed to a witness that he considered himiself a resident,- are sufficient tq justify the Circuit Court of Louisiana in exercising juridiction in a suit brought against that 'party by a citizen
of Missouri. Where fraud is alleged in a bill, and relief is prayed against a judgment and a
judicial sale of property, a demurrer to the bill, that relief can be had at law, i&.
not sustainable. Wfiere a citizen of Virginia sued, in the Circuit Court of Louisiana, two persons
jointly, one of whom was a citizen of Louisiana and the other of Missouri, and an attorney appeared for both defendants, the citizen of Missouri is at liberty to

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

11

United States -. Daniel et al

this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court, to be proceeded in according to law and justice, and in-conformity to the opinion: of this court.

'rH UNITED STATES, ?LAINTIPFS, v. 3JYmxs A"t JoH G. DANIEL,
ErscUTos "op BEvERLY DANIEL, LATE U. S. MATLSA.
An "action on the ease will not lie against the executors of a: deceased marshal, where executions had been placed in th. hands 6f the marshal, and false-returns made on some of them, and imperfect and insufficient entries on others.
The rule respecting abatement is this :.-If the person charged has received no benefit to himself at the expense of the sufferer, the cause of action does not survive. But where, by means of the offence, roperty is acquired which benefits the testator, there an action for the value the property survives against the executor
As to the form of action, none will lie, at common law, against an executor, where the general issue plea-is "not guilty."
THIS case came up from 'the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of North Carolina,. on a certificate of division in opinion between the judges thereof.
In August, 1841, the United States brought-an action of trespass on tile case .againsi the defendants, as executors of Bqverly Daniel, late fnarshal, and at May term, 1843, a verdict was found for the plaintiffs, subject to the opinion of the court upon the following, case stated.
Beverly Daniel beingin his lifetime marshal of the District of North Carolina, certain executions, .at the instance of the United States, from the District Court of Newbern, came to the hands of one of therdeputies of the said marshal, Who, in the name and on behalf of his principal , made false returns upon some of them, and imperfect and insqfflcient entries on others. After the death of Daniel, this action on the case was brought against the defendants, his executors, to recover damages for the said false and insufficient returns; and it is contended, on the part of the defendants, that the action will not lie, .and is not ustainable against them as executors, and it is agreed by the parties that judgment shall be rendered for the plaintiffs upon the said verdict, if the court shall be of opinion that such action is sustainable; otherwise, the said verdict to be set aside, and the said action t6 be discontinued.
The judges being divided in opinion, the cause came up to this court, upon a certificate of such division.
The cause was argued by Mr. Clifford (Attorney-General), on the part of the United States, and submitted on the record. by Mr. Badger,on the part of the defendants.

12

SUPREME COURT.

United States v. Daniel et a].

Mr. Clifford made two points:,,-1st. That the cause *ofaction suitvives against the executors. 2d. That an action on the case is an appropriate remedy under the laws of North Carolina, which furnish the rule of decision on this'point. 1st. The rule respecting abatement, is now nearly confined to that laid down by Buller, Viz. that where property is concemedi the action does not abate by the death of the party
Cowper, 371. The aistinction between the cause and the form of action
must be borne in mind. T.he difficulty in this case must have arisen with regard to the form. The record is very imperfect, and does not show whether the rights of property were involved or not. But they were so in fact, and I will assume it
to be so. The testator was certainly liable in his lifetime, and I only contend that the cause of action survives where the estate of the testator lias been benefited and is therefore responsible. It must have been understood in this case that thd deputy-marshal had made the m6ney. The bond of the marshal covers the acts of his deputies under the Judiciary.Act, and therefore the law presumes the money to be in the hands of the principal. It makes no difference whether the estate of
the marshal has.been benefited in point of fact or in presumption of law. It is equally responsible in both. He has his
remedy against the deputy, and the law presumes that he will right himself. I assume, in this case, that the money had been made. An action for'"money had and received" has been sustained. 3 Campbell, 347.
But an action fdr an escape does not survive, because the estate has not been benefited. To support these principles, -13 Mass. 454; 9 Wendell, 29; 1 Pick. 71; 4 Halsted,- 173; Com. Dig. tit. Administratqr,B. 15.
The laws of North Carolina furnish the rule of decision whether case will lie (2 How. 29), and these laws sustain the action. 1 Rev. Stat. N. C. 57. This regnacts the law of of 1799. It may be said that the provision in this, which says
suits shall not abate, was intended only to apply to suits then brought. But there is no good reason for the exclusion of future suits. 3 Hawksj 563; N. C. Repository, 529, 205, 226; 2 Haywood, 182; 1 Rev. Stat. N. C. page 443, sec. 1, 2, 3.

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This case is brought here from 'the District of North Carolina,..on a certificate of a division of opinion by the -judges, undei the act of Congress.
A jury, having been impanelled to try the issues. joined,

JANUARY TEAM, 1848.

13

United States v. Daniel et al.

.found for the plaintiffs, and assessed their damages at seven

hundred seventy-&ve dollars and eighty cents. This verdict

was taken by consent of parties, subject to the opinion of the

court on the following case.

"Beverly Daniel, being in his lifetime marshal of the Dis-

trict of North Carolina, certain executions, at the instance of

the Udiited States, from the District Court of Newbern, came to

the hands of one of the deputies of the said marshal, who, in

the name and on behalf of his principal, made false returns

upon some of them, and imperfect and insufficient entries on

others. After the death of'Daniel. this action on the case was

brought against the defendants, his executors, to recover dam-

ages for the said false and insufficient returns; and it is con-

tended that the action will not lie, and is not sustainable

against them as executors, and it is agreed by the parties that

judgment shall be rendered for the plaintiffs upon the said

verdict, if the iourt shall be of the opinion that such action

is sustainable; otherwise, the said verdict to be set aside, and

the action-to be discontinued." And on a motion being made

for judgment, the opinions of the judges were opposed on the

point reserved.

No action will lie against an executor for a personal wrong

by the testator. Com. Dig. Administrator,B. Nor does it lie

against the executor of a jailer for an- escape. Ibid. Waste

does not lie against an executor or administrator; nor an ac-

tion upon a penal statute. So trover is said not to lie against

an executor upon a trover and conversion by his testator,

though a different form of action will lie for the same cause.

Cowper, 371.

If the person charged has secured no benefit to himself at

the expense of the sufferer, the cause of action is said not to

survive; but where, by means of the offence, property is ac-

quired which benefits the testator, there an action for the

value of *theproperty shall survive against the executor. And

it is laid down in Cowper,- 376, with respect, to the form, that

no action survives where the plea of the defendant must be

"not guilty," but where the case survives, some other form

must be pursued.

.If the deputy-marshal, in the misfeasance complained of, re-

ceived money or property, the marshal being responsible for

such acts, the cause of action survived against his executors.

But this is not the case made in the present action. It is an

action on the case requiring the gengral issue of "not guilty."

If a liability were shown against the deceased marshal, it could

not be enforced against .his executors iir this form. No action,

where the plea must be that the testator was not guilty can

VOL. V.

2.

14

SUPREME COURT.

Collier v. Stanbrough.

lie, at common law, against the executor. Upon the face of the record, the action arises ex delicto; and all private criminal injuries or wrongs, as well as all public crimes, are buried with the offender. 3 Bar. Abr. 539.
The provision in the 10th section of the North Carolina statute, "to prevent the abatement of suits in certain cases,"which declares that an action of trespass on the case, &c., shall not abate by the death of either party,-does not affect the above question.
This court think that the action, in the form prosecuted, is not maintainable; and they direct the fact to be so certified to the Circuit Court.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of North .Carolina, and on the point or question on which
the judges of the said Circuit Court were opposed in opinion, and which were certified to this court for its opinion, agreeably to the act of Congress in suc*h cases made and provided, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this court, that the action in the form prosecuted will not lie. It is thereupon now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that it be so-certified to the said Circuit Court.

· LEwis A. COLLIER, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. JosIAi STANBROUGH.
By the laws of Louisiana, debts which are due to. a defendant, against whom an execution has issued, may be seized and sold. But they must first be appraised at their cash value, and if two thirds of such appraised value is not bid, the sheriff must adjourn the sale and again advertlise the property.
.This mode of proceeding was adopted by a rule of the Ciicuit Court of the United States, and was therefore obligatory upon the marshal.
Where the marshal made a sale of some promissory notes secured by mortgage, without an appraisement, and sold them fofless than one third of their amount, the sale was void.
THIs case was brought up, by a writ of error, issued under the 20th section of the Judiciary Act, from the Supreme Court for the Western District of Louisiana.
In 1838, David Stanbrough was appointed, by the local authority in Louisiana, curator of the estate of one Harper, deceased.
In 1840, he was sued as curator, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, by the Farmers' Bank of Virginia. Judgment was rendered against him, which became final on default.

70

SUPREME COURT.

Marshall v. Beall.

ROBERT MARSIHLLI APPELLANT, V. SUSAN G. BEALL, DEFENDANT.

Where a husbajnd and wife, in order to carry out an ante-nuptial agreement, conveyed personal property to a trustee, with directions to hold a part of it for the sole and separate use of the wife, with a power to the wife to alien or devise it, such part goes, if she dies intestate, to her next of kin, free of all claim on the part of the husband.
But where a legacy was left to a trustee for the benefit of the wife, and the trustee was directed , to let the wife have some part or arcel of the money, occasionally, as she may stand in need, to be paid out to her at the discretion of the trustee," this fund goes to the husband at the wife's death, by the laws of Maryland.

THIs was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the
county of Washington. In February, 1820, Robert Marshall and Ann Berry, being
about to be married, executed the following contract, which was duly recorded.

"Whereas Robert Marshall and Ann Berry, both of Prince George's county, State of Maryland, are about to intermarry, its thereofagreed by the iarties,before.the marriage, that the said
Ann Berry shall hold in herself all her right, title, and interest to the following funds of her own; viz. one hundred and fifty shares of stock in the Patriotic Bank, of which ten dollars have been paid, which stock stands to the credit of Ann Berry;
also, one hundred and thirty-seven shares of the stock in the Central Bank of Georgetown and. Washington, upon which eleven dollars per share have been paid; and three thousand five
hufndred dollars in the bonds of Charles Glover. "Given under our hands and seals, this 17th day of Feb-

mary, 1820.

"RoBT. MARSHAL., [sEAL.]

ANN BERy. "Witness: JANE H. T. DORSErT."

[SEAL.]

Soon after this, the marriage was solemnized. On the 27th of August, 1823, Marshall add wife executed a deed to Susan G. Beall, which appeared to be unsatisfactory, and to have no influence upon the decision of the case. On the 1st of May, 1824, Marshall and wife made another deed to Susan G. Beall, who was the sister of Mrs. Marshall, as follows :-

"This indenture, made this first day of May, in the year of -our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, between Robert Marshall and Ann Marshall his wife, late Ann Berry, of Prince George's county, in the State of Maryland, of the first part, and Susan G. Beall, of Washington county, in the District of Cblumbia, of the other part. Whereas, by

JANUARY TE'RM, 1848.

71

Marshall v. Beall.

an agreement entered into between Robert Marshall and Ann Marshall, late Ann Berry, dated the 17th day of February, in
the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and-twenty, and previous to the marriage of the said Robert Marshall and Ann Marshall, it was agreed by and between the said parties, that the said Ann Marshall should have and possess, in her own right, the following funds for her own property, to wit: one hundred and fifty shares of stock in the Patriotic Bank, upon which ten dollars per share had been paid; also, one
hundred and thirty-seven shares of stock in the Central Bank of Georgetown and Washington, up~n-which eleven dollars per share had been paid, and three thousand five hundred dollars due to the said Ann Marshall, then Ann Berry, by'
Charles Glover, and which was secured by a mortgage of a tract of land, formerly sold by the said Ann Berry to the said Charles Glover, all which stocks and debts belonged to the said Ann Berry previous to the said marriage, besides considerable other real and personal property ; -and whereas the said Robert Marshall did, at the same time, agree to make any other or further instrument of conveyance which might be considered necessary fully to assure and convey the said stock and debts above mentioned to the sole and separate use of the said Ann Berry, her
heirs and assigns, free and clear from any debts, control, demands, or. encumbrances of the said Robert Marshall; and whereas the said bank stock has been sold by the mutual consent and agreement of the said Robert-Marshall and Ann Marshall; and whereas iudgment has been oiuiained against the said Charles Glover lo two thousand dollars, part of the said three thousand five hundred dollars, with interest and costs, in the-name of the said Robert Marshall, and on which execution hath been issued against the property of said Charles Glover,
and one other judgment for fifteen hundred dollars, with interest and costs, being the remaining part of the said three thousand five hundred dollars, due by said Charles Glover; and
whereas the said Robert Marshall and Ann Marshall b ve agreed further to dispose of and settle the judgments above
mentioned, and .the tract of land hereinafter mentioned, by a more full, complete, and formal instrument of writing than the marriage agreement above mentioned, according to the terms,
stipulations, and conditions of the present instrument of writing. Now, this indenture witnesseth, that for and in conside \ ation of the premises, and for the more fully, completely, and perfectly carrying into effect the marriage contract between said parties, and for the further consideration of five dollars, to them in hand paid by the said Susan G. Beall, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, and for divers other good

72

SUPREME COURT.

Marshall v. Beall.

causes and considerations, them thereunto moving, the said Robert and Ann Marshall have given, granted, bargained, sold, released, and assigned, and by these presents do give, grant, bargain, sell, release, and assign, to the said Susan G. Beall, her
heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, the following tract, piece, or parcel 'of land, situate, lying, and being in Prince George's county aforesaid, on which the said Robert and Ann Marshall at present reside, being lot number four in the division of the estate of William D. Berry, and containing about fifty acres of land, more or less, for and during the joint lives of the
said Robert and Ann Marshall, and the survivor of them; likewise the two judgments above particularly repited, against Charles- Glover; to .have and to hold the said tract of land above mentioned and described for and during the lives of the said Robert and Ann Marshall,. and the survivor of them, and
the said two judgments against the said Charles Glover, to the said Susan G. Beall, her heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns; in trust, nevertheless, and to and for the following
uses, intents, and purposes, to *it: in trust to hold ihe abovementioned and described tract of land for the use of the said Robert and Ann Marshall, during their joint lives; and if the said Robert Marshall shall survive the said Ann Marshall, for the use of the said Robert Marshall during his life and no longer, upon the express agreement and understar.ding that the. said tract of land is ijot to be subject, or liable for the debts, contracts, or engagements of the said Robert Marshall, and in further trust that the said Robert Marsh-ll shall have and receive the said judgment of two thousand dollars, with interest and costs, against the said Charles Glover, to his sole and separate use, free and clear of the marriage contract above mentioned, and of all separateclaim of the said Ann Marshall, and his receipt shall be good and sufficient acquittance and discharge of said judgments; and in further trust, that the said Susan G. Beall shall hold the said judgment of fifteen hundred dollars, with interest and costs, for the sole and separate use of the said Ann Marshall, her executors, administrators, and assigns, free and clear from any control or demand of the said Robert Marshall, or of his creditors, debts,- or engagements; and upon the- payment of the said judgment, or
any part thereof, to invest the said money in stock, or to loan the same on interest, with the approbation of the said Ann Marshall, for the like sole and separate use of the said Ann Marshall; and in further trust, that the said Ann Marshall, ,during the life of her husband, may dispose of said judgment, or the proceeds thereof, and of her right, interest, and estate in the said tract of land, after the death of the said Robert Mar-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

.73

Marshall v. Beall.

shall, either by her last [will] and testament, or by any instrument of writing, under he" hand and seal, in the presence of two witnesses, during her coverture, in the same manner as if she were single. It is further understood and agreed, that said Robert M4arshall is to pay and satisfy the judgment of Hodges and Lee against them; and the claireof Mr. McDaniel's estate, if judginent should be recovered; and all fees, costs, and expenses in prosecuting and recovering the-two judgments against Charles Glover, and all legal expenses of the judgment assigned to him.
"In testimony whereof, the said parties have hereunto set
their hands and seals, the day and year first above written.
"ROBERT MARSHALL, [sEAL.]

ANN MARSHALL,
SusAw G. BEALL.

[SEAL.]
[sEAL.]"

In November, 1825, there was paid to the trustee, on ac-

count of the judgment for $1500 reserved as above for the
separate use of Ann Marshall, the sum of $ 1960.66.

-n May, 1832, Ann T. Beall, the mother of Ann Marshall,

died. By her will, she gave the following legacy to her

daughter :-

1"-I give and bequeathd to my daughter, Anm Marshall, the

sum of four hundred dollars, and hereby hppoint my daughter,

Susan G. BeaM, her trustee, to -hold and retain the. .-whole

amount in her hands, and let the said*Ann Marshall, wife of

Robert Marshall,, have some part or parcel of the money occa-

sionally, as she may stand in need, but to be paid out to her at

the discretion of my trustee, Susan G. Beall."

During the lifetime of Ann Marshall, Susan G. Beall, the

trustee, loaned the sum of $ 400 to Amelia T. Dorsett, a third

sister, out of the trust fund.

In July, 1833, Ann Marshall, the wife, died, ney. r having

disposed of the trust property belonging to her and in the

hands of the trustee, in the manner provided for' in the deed

carrying out the marriage articles.

After her death, her surviving husband, Robert Marshall,

sued Amelia T. Dorsett, to recover the four hundred dollars

loaned to her by the trustee, as above recited, and obtained a

judgment.

In April, 1835, Robert Marshall also filed a bill on the equity

side of the court against Susan. G. Beall, the trustee, in which

he recited the facts as above set forth, averred that the trust

fund, with the profits and interest, becdme vested in him by

the deatb.of his:wife, and prayed an account by the trustee,

with. an: njrinnction, &c.

VOL. V1.

T

74

SUPREME COURT.

Alarshall r. Beall.

In April, 1836, Susan G. Beall,\the trustee, filed her answer, admitting the facts stated in the bill, but denying that the
complainant had any right to the trust fund. To this answer the complainant filed a general replication. IR November, 1836, Amelia T. Dorsett filed a bill of inter-
pleader, averring substantially the same facts and exhibiting
the same documents as had 1Seen stated and produced by complainant; alleging that the provision in the deed referred to,
that the real estate was to be conveyed to complainant if he survived his wife, was null and void, and inoperative against the legal representatives or heirs of said Ann; averring that-
the said Ann died intestate in July, 1833, without children, and leaving the complainant and another sister, Susan G. Beall, living, and three children of a deceased sister; that they were
the only heirs .of said Ann, and entitled to the trust property. That;luring the lifetime of said Ann, the complainant, with
her consent, borrowed of the trustee $ 400, part of said trust find, and gave her note therefor; that, since her death, Mar-
shall had brought suit for the recovery of. this-money, as surviving husband of said Ann, and by the judgment of the court had obtained judgment for the same; but denied his right to the money, asserting that she, as next of kin of her deceased sister, was entitled to letters of administration on the estate,
and if said Marshall had obtained any, they should be revoked. The bill prayed that the children of her deceased sister may
be made parties to the original suit, in which Marshall was complainant; that this bill of interpleader may be filed in said suit; that the said parties may be required to interplead; that the judgment against her may be enjoined, the trust property adjudged to the heirs of said Ann, and the said Marshall be perpetually enjoined, &c., &c.
To this bill the defendants filed the following demurrer: Demurrerto Bill of Interleader.

Whereupon the defendanti, by their solicitors, Coxe & Carlisle, filed the following demurrer to the foregoing bill of interpleader:
The demurrer of Robert- Marshall and Richard H. Marshall, jointly and severally, to the bill of interpleader of Amelia T. Dorsett.
The defendants, by protestation, not confessing -or acknowledging all or any of the matters and things in the said complainant's bill of interp.leader contained to be true in such -mannerand form as the same are therein set forth and alleged, do demur to the said bill; and for cause of demurrer show.

JANUARY TERM. 1848.

-75

Marshall v. Beall.

that the said complainant hath not in her said bill of interpleader made such a case as entitles her, in a court of equity,
to any relief against these defendants, or either of them, as to the matters contained in said bill of interpleader.
And for further cause of demurrer these defendants show , that although the said conplainant's bill is avowedly, and on the face .thereof, a bill of interpleader, yet the said complainant doth herself claim an interest in the subject-matter in dispute
between 'the various parties named 'in the said bill of interpleader.
And for further cause of demurrer the defendants show, that the said complainant, although she admits in and by her said bill of interpleader that the subject-matter in dispute, or a portion thereof, is money loaned to, and justly due by, the said
complainant to the person who shall be adjudged entitled to the specific fund out of which the said loan was made, yet nowhere in the said bill of interpleader does the said complainant offer to bring the said money so loaned into court. Nor hath the same, or any part theieof, been brought into court, to
be subject to the decree or order of the court. Wherefore, and for divers other good causes of demurrer,
these defendants do demur to the said bill of interpleader, and they pray the court to adjudge whether they shall make any other or fluther answer to the same; and they humbly pray to be hence dismissed, with costs, &c., &g.
CoxE & CARLISLE , ,Soicitorsfor defendants.

The cause was the, set for hearing by complainant on bill, answer, exhibits, and replication, and upon the demurrer and bill of interpleader, and'at March term, 1843, the court passed
the following decree: -
CCThe said bill of injunction, and for general relief, wherein the said Robert Marshall is complainant, and the said Susan G.
Beall is defendant, together with the said other bill, by way of cross-bill and bill of interpleader, wherein the said Amelia T. Dorsett is complainant, and the said Robert.Marshall is defendant, having been regularly set for hearing by consent of the parties, as well upon the said first-mentioned bill, the answer thereto, the replication to said answer, and the several exhibits and
papers therewith filed, and in the proceedings mentioned, as upon the last-mentioned bill and the demurrer of the said Robert Marshall thereto, and as if taken for confessed against the other defendants therein named or referred to, this court, upon consid-
eration of the premises, and the arguments of counsel, as well
in behalf of the said complainants respectively as of the said

SUPREME COURT.
Marshall v. Beall.
defendants respectively, has order d and decreed, and now here, on this 23d day of May, 1843, do h order and-decree, that the said first-mentioned bill be and the same is hereby dismissed, with costs; that the demurrer of the said Robert Marshall to the last-mentioned. bill be and the same is hereby overruled, with costs; that 'the said Amelia T. l)oisett pay to the said Susan G. Beall all the principal suniof money with the interest thereon recovered against her in the name of said Roberft Marshall by the said judgment at law in the proceedings mentioned, to be, together with all such personal -property, moneys, securities, stocks, and effects as have come or may c6me to the hands of the said Susan G. Beall as trustee for the deceased Ann Marshall in the proceedings mentioned in virtue of the marriage contract, and marriage settlement in the proceedings mentioned, and of the last will and testament of Ann T. Beall, also in the proceedings mentioned, accounted, distributed, and paid over to and among the next of kin by blood of the said deceased Ann Marshall, in the order and proportions prescribed by law for the distribution of the personal estate of persons dying intestate among such next of kin; that upon the payment by the said Amelia T. Dorsett, in the manner aforesaid, of the principal and interest of the debt so recovered at law against her in the name of the said Robert Marshall as aforesaid, she be .and is hereby exonerated, released, and discharged from the said judgment at law so recovered against her; which the clerk of this court, upon such payment being certified to him by said Susan G. Beall, is hereby authorized and iequired to enter of'record as paik and satisfied pursuant to this decree; and that the said Roberf Marshall pay to the said Susan G. Beall her costs in this behalf expended, &c., &c."
An appeal from this decree brought the case up to this court'
It was argued by Mr. Coxe,for the appellani, and Mr.Jones, for the appellee.
Hr. Coxe contended that the decree wps irregular, informal, and erroneous. Upon overruling the demurrer of Marshall to the bill of interpleader, he should have been held to answer, and the case was not ready for a final decrpe against him. The demurrer itself was good, and ought to have been sustained. This was no regular bill of interpleader. Such a bill only lies where a person has to pay money and is at a loss to whom it ought to be paid. But here the partywho files the bill avers an interest in the subject. 1 Madd. Ch. .r.239; Story's Eq. Pl. %4 291 - 293
Marshall was not bound by the laws of Iaryland to take out

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

'71

Marshall v. Beall.

letters of administration upon the estate of his wife. He was administrator by force of law. When he sued:Amelia T. Dorsett for the four hundred dollars loaned to her by the trustee, all the matters stated in the bill of interpleader were open as grounds of defence, and having omitted to avail hbrself of them at law, she cannot now bring them into a court of equity.
A bill of interpleader is regarded as an original suit, and therefore demurrable to by one or all the persons against whom it is brought. But in this case it was demurred to by Marshall alone, and the court ordered it to be taken pro confesso as to the other parties. It had no right to do this.
Mr. Jones, contra, said- that there might be some technical informality in the proceedings, but the right of the wife to her separate estate was fairly presented. The substantial equity was against Marshall, and in favor of the next of kin to the wife. There were -two distinct funds which Marshall claimed, arising in different modes, to be governed by different rules.
The bill called an interpleader was miscalled. It was in fact a cross-bill, because the trust fund was placed in danger, and the parties interested in it had a right to be heard. They -would have a right of appeal in England. If the decision of the court below is correct in saying that the property of the wife does not belong to Marshall,. it is of no consequence to him who gets it. A.misnomer-of the bill is, therefore, of no value.
It is said that it was irregular for the court to pass a final decree without first calling upon Marshall to answer, after overruling his demurrer. But upon referring to the order of the court, it appears that Marshall had set the cause down for hearing upon the demurrer, &c., and therefore waived all such irregularity. If he chooses to rest his case upon his demurrer, he may do so.
All the questions now involved could not -have been raised in a court of law when Marshall sued for the four hundred dollars.
When a married woman has separate property, the question whether the rights of the husband are destroyed, or only suspended, must depend upon the instrument which they execute, as the interpreter of their intentions. Clancy on' Married Women, 34.
That the instrument now under consideration is sufficient to vest the property absolutely in the wife, see Clancy, 43, 51 2 Roper, Hus. and Wife, 157 ; 2 Story's Eq. '§§ 1378 - 1383.
Mr. Coxe, in reply, insisted,"that, if these defences had-been made at law, the judgment must have been decisive of the hus-
7*

SUPREME COURT.
Marshall v.Beall.
band's rights. The objection to the bill of interpleader is not technical. The nile is positive, that no such bill shall be filed in such a case. Clancy says there- rust be a manifest intention to give the wife an exclusive right. This is not apparent ,either in the deed or the will. The will only gives the property to Ann Marshall, but does not exclude the husband.
Mr. Jones referred to 7 Johns. Ch. 229, and 6 Gill & Johns. 349, to show under what circumstances the court would consider the husband as being shut out.
Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the court.
Robert Marshall .filed his bill against Susan G. Beall, to recover two funds held by her as trustee for Ann Marshall, the late wife of the coniplaiinant. The larger fund sued for was fifteen hundred'dollars, with the addition of some interest that had accrued on it, at the time it was received by the trustee. In 1830, Robert Marshall and Ann Berry, both of Maryland, were about to intermarry, and before the marriage took place agreed'in writing that the said Ann should hold in herself all right, title, and interest to the following funds of her own, to wit: one hundred and fifty shares of stock of the Patriotic Bank, on which ten dollars for each share had been paid; also, one hundred and thirty-seven shares of stock in the Central Bank of Georgetown, on which eleven dollars to each share had been paid; and three thousand five hundred dollars in bonds on Charles Glove5. The marriage took place, and a portion of the property sought to be secured to the wife by the foregoing agreement having fallen into the hands of the husband, further to secure the wife in some portion of her property, another agreement was made in May, 1834, to which Marshall and wife, and Susan G. Beall, as trustee, are parties. First, the husband and wife conveyed to Miss Beall a tract of land, the property of Mrs. Marshall, to hold in trust for the use of the husband and wife during their joint lives, and for the separate use of the husband for life; if he was the survivor. Then follows the three thousand five hundred dollar debt from Glover, secured by the first articles, and reduced to two judgments. This debt and the land seem to have been the only property left in 1834 to either party. The use of the land was fairly divided; and of the debt from Glover the wife very generously gave the husband the larger portion, "to his sole and separate use, free and clear of the marriage contract of 1830." And then she reserved to herself the smaller judgmer~t of fifteen hundred dollars. in very nearly the same language : the trustee was to hold

JANUARY TERMs 1848.

79

Marshall v. Beall.

executors, administrators, and assigns, free and clear from any control oi demand of the saidRobert Marshall." The-wife retained the 'power of appointment in regard td the land and the fund, but failed to exercise the power. She died intestate, and
as by the laws of Maryland the husband was her administrator by.mere force of law, he now claims to recover the. fund from the trustee, and to retain the money by force of his marital rights. And the question presented for our decision is, whether the husband only made a temporary surrender of his marital rights during the coverture, or whether he abandoned them altogether. This depends on the intention of the parties, as expressed in the marriage articles. By the first agreement we do not doubt the wife desired, and really intended, to retain -herproperty after the marriage as if she was a feme sole ; .but the agreement was vague, and it is doubtful whether the husband's marital rights did not attach; then he stood as trustee himself, and, might, and obviously did, use the property. Under these circumstances,' the. article of 1834 was entered into, and the wife secured in her separate use as if she ras a feme sole; and, in consideration of a division of the wife's property with the husband, he abandoned all claim, founded on his mar-
.ital .rights, to -that part secured to the wife. We think that the terms of the agreement of 1834 sufficiently shod that the intention of the parties was to carry the title of the fund beyond
the period of the wife's death, and to exclude the -husband. And in this conclusion we are supported by the opinion of the Court of Appeals of Maryland, in the case of Ward v. Thompson (6 Gill & Johns. 349), and in the soundness of which opin-
ion we fully concur. But there was another fund vested in Miss Beall by the will
of Ann T. Beall, the mother of Susan G., the trustee, and of Mrs. Ann Marshall; and as respects this latter fund, also, the
court below dismissed the complainant's bill, on the ground, as we suppose, that his marital rights never attached to it. The correctness of this decree depends on the will of Mrs. Beall, the clause of which vesting in trust this legacy, is as follows -
"To my daughter, Amelia Dorsett, the sum of four hundred dollars, loaned to her some years ago. I give and bequeathe to my daughter, Ann Marshall, the sum of four hundred dollars, and hereby appoint my daughter, Susan G. Beall, her trustee, to hold and retain the whole amount in her hands, and let the said Ann Marshall, wife of Robert Marshall, have some part or parcel of the money occasionally, as she may stand in need,
but to be paid out to her at the discretion of my trustee, Susan G. Beall.'"

so -

SUIPREME COURT.

Marshall v,Beall.

of the marriage articles. Its.grant4ng part limits the use of the fund exclusively to Mrs. Marshall's o3vn use and benefit; there is no disposition of the property in the event of her death; as, for instance, to the next of kin of the devisee. In Watt v. Watt, 3 Yes. 244, Garrick v. Camden, 14 Ves. 372, and in Bailey v. Wright, 18 Yes. 49, the cases turned on a-provision, that for want of appointment the property should go over to the next
of kin of the deceased; and this was held to be a limitation that excluded the husband, he not being of the next of kin. But we
think there is no doubt, that, if such a limitation over had not existed, the English courts would without hesitation have adjudged the fund to the husband. Such is the plain inference
from these and other cases of the same class. On the wife's death, he is -entitled to all the undisposed of choses in action of the 'deceased wife. This fund was not disposed of at her death ; it .does not belong to the trustee, and is subject to. be distributed according to the laws of Maryland, and by these laws the husband is entitled, in exclusion of the next of kin of the deceased wife. As to this fund, the bill will be sustained, and for so much the decree will be reversed. And the bill of Amelia T. Dorsett will also be retained as part of the proceeding in the court below on the cause being remanded there for further proceedings; when the Circuit Court will take an account between the complainant, Robert Marshall., and Susan G. Beall, in which they will charge the complainant with any moneys he may owe said Susan G., and for the balance of the sum of four hundred dollars, with such interest as the court may find to be reasonable'and proper; a decree will be rendered for said Marshall, either out of the. moneys due from Amelia
T. Dorsett, or out of the fund in the hands of Susan G. Beall, the trustee.' And it is ordered, that one half the costs of this appeal be paid by the appellant, Robert Marshall, and that the other half of said posts be paid by Susan G. Beall out of the trust fund of fifteen hundred dollars in her hands; and that as to all other costs, the court below shall adjudge their payment
on the final decree as in the- discretion of that court may be
deemed proper.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and decreed by this court, that the deree of the said Circuit Court in this case be and the same is hereby reversed, and that this cause be and the same is here-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

81

Villabolos et ai.v. United States.

by remanded to the said Circuit Court, to be proceeded with in conformity to the opinion of this court, and, that each party pay
his own costs in this coutt.

Jos- ARGOTE VALABOLOS, AnIE ROSE, AND FRAN OIS FELIX, MARQUIS DE FOUGEREs, APPrELLANTS,.V. Tas UNITED STATES.
By the act of May 23d, 1828 (4 Statutes at Large, 284), relating to private land claims in Florida, ajpeals from th6Superior Coufrt of the Territory of Florida are governed by the laws of 1789 and 1803.
Therefore, where an appeal was not made in open court, and at the term at which the final decree was passed, a citation was necessary, which must be signed by a juge, and not by the clerk. See United States in Hodge, 3 How. 534.
The act of 1828, above mentioned, allowed appeals to be prosecuted within four months, and placeAl them, in other respects, upon the same footing with writs of error under the act of 1803. Writs. of error and citations are returnable to the term of the appellate court next following; and unless the writ and citation are both served before the term, the case is not removed to the appellate court.
Consequeiitly, where there was only an entry of an appeal in the clerk's office, and no citation served within four months, the appeal was not regularly brought up, and must be-dismissed on motion.
THIS was an appeal from the Superior Court of East Florida. 'The ca]se being dismissed. for want of jurisdiction, it is unnecessaryto do more than refer to the circumstances, which axe fully stated in the opinion of the court. Mr. Mason;then Attorney-General, had moved at a preceding term to dismiss this case, upon the ground of its being irregularly brought up. It was now argued by Mr. Clifford, Attorney-General, for the motion,*and lMir. Yulee, against it.
Mr. Olifford, for the motion. The points relied on by the United States for dismissal of the appeal in this case ae 1st. That there is no citation issued according to law ; the citation in the record being signed by the clerk of the Superior Court of East Florida instead of the judge, in pursuance of the twenty-second section of the Judiciary Act. 2d.. That there is-no allowance of -the appeal. 1st. The counsel of the appellants contends, that the citation is signed according to the practice of the Territorial courts of Florida, which must govern this question. It is; however, submitted, that the practice of these courts does not afford ihe nile to goern appeals in land cases under the special jurisdiction, with respect to them, conferred on the judge of the Siiperior Court of East Florida.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

163

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

that Innerarity shall receive the money on the terms he offered, till near two years afterwards, when the money was lqst by. the insolvency of Blount and the bank. This assent- of the appellants to the terms of Innerarity came too late, after the money had been lost by their obstinate pertinacity in endeavours to compel him to accept it on their own terms.
We are of opinion, therefore, that the Court of Appeals have not erred in refusing to credit .the appellants with this
sum as a payment on the mortgage. The decree of the Court of Appeals of Florida is therefore
affirmed.
Order.
* This cause came on to' be heard on the transcript of the record frbm the Court of Appeals for the Territory of Florida, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here considered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Court of Appeals in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs and damages at the rate of six per centum per annum, and that the time of redemption be extended to six months from and after the filing of the mandate of this court in this case in the court below.

NELSON F. ;HELTONi APPELLANT, V. CLAYTON TIFFIN AND LILBURN

-

P. PERRY.

Where an individual has resided in a State for a considerable time, being engaged in the prosecution of business, he may w4l1 be presumed to be a citizen of such State wiless the contrary appear. And this principle is strengthened when the individual lives on a plantation and cultivates it with a large force, claiming and improving theproperty as hid own.
On a thange of domicile from one State to another, citizenshi may depend upon the intention of the individual. But this intention may be stown more satisfactorily by acts than declarations. An exercise of the right of sufirage is conclusive upon the subject; but acquiring a right of suffrage, accompanied by acts which show a permanent location, unexplained, may be sufficient.
The facts, that the party and his wife were residents of Louisiana br more than two years before the commencement of the suit; that he was absent only once, on a visit to a watering-place; that he resided the greater part of the time on a plantation which he claimed as his own ; that he constructed upon it a more secure and comfortable dwelli' -house : that he observed to a witness that he considered himiself a resident,- are sufficient tq justify the Circuit Court of Louisiana in exercising juridiction in a suit brought against that 'party by a citizen
of Missouri. Where fraud is alleged in a bill, and relief is prayed against a judgment and a
judicial sale of property, a demurrer to the bill, that relief can be had at law, i&.
not sustainable. Wfiere a citizen of Virginia sued, in the Circuit Court of Louisiana, two persons
jointly, one of whom was a citizen of Louisiana and the other of Missouri, and an attorney appeared for both defendants, the citizen of Missouri is at liberty to

164

SUPREME COURT.

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

show that the appearance for him was unauthorized. If he shows this, he is not
bound by the proceedings of the court, whose judgment, as to him, is a-nullity. A judgment of a State court, that the-debt had been extinguished, given in an action
which was not brought for the recovery of the debt, and which action, moreover, had been discontinued by the plaintiff, cannot be set up in bar of proceedings in the Circuit Court for the recovery of the debt, which proceedings had been commenced when the judgment of the State court was given. Where a worthless promissory note is imposed upon the vendor as part of the cash payment, it would seem that, if any fraud has be-en practised upon the vendor by the vendee, the amount of the note still remains an equitable lien upon the land.

THIS was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for East Louisiana, sitting as a court of equity.
On the 1st of August, 1837, Clayton Tiffin and Lilburn P.
Perry received a deed, for a tract of land on the western bank of the Mississippi River, .about five miles above the town of Vicksburg, and containing"six hundred and forty-four acres.
On the 10th of April, 183S, Tiffii and Perry sold the same land, together with a large number of negroes, to. Samuel Anderson, for the sum of seventy-five thousand.dollars. The sale was stated to be for cash. But in fact the payment was to be made in this way:-

Funds supposed to be as good as cash, Notes secured by mortgage,

$ 35,000
40,000

$75,000

John M. Perry, the father of Lilburn P. Perry, and father-inlaw of Tiffin, became the agent to receive these funds. The
$ 35,000 was again divided into two classes, viz., a debt of
$ 13,000; which was due to Anderson by Lilbum P. Perry
and John M. Perry, and which debt became thus extinguished, and a note for $ 18,282.65, given by Austin, Ragan, and Bohannon, payable to Anderson on the 1st April, 1839.
The sum of $35,000 being thus arranged, the balance of $ 40,000 was not provided for until some time afterwards, viz. on the 1st of March, 1839, when Anderson gave the following notes : -

$13, 3 331 pg. On or before the first .dayof January, 1842, we promise to pay Lilbourne P. Perry the just and full sum of

thirteen thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars, value

received, for land and negroes purchased of Clayton Tifin and

Lilbourne P. Perry; for the true payment-of which we bind

ourselves, our heirs, &c., firnily by these presents. Given un-

der our hands and seals, this the first of March, 1839.

SAmuE; ANDERSoI1,

[SEAL.]

Ne varietur, July 9th, 1839. RIcHAn Cs. DowNEs, [sEA.]
.J. judge parish Madison, Louisiana.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

165

Shelton v. Tiffin -et al.

(Indorsed.)

For value received, I assign the within note to Clayton Tif-

fin, October 22d, 1839.

L.P. PnRRY,

For his agent J.M. PERRY.

216. Filed 23d Nov., 1839.

JOHN T. MAsoN, Clerk.

$ 13,333-A,. On or before the first of January, 1843, we

promise to pay Lilbourne P. Perry the just and full sum of

thirteen thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars, value

received, for land and negroes purchased of Clayton Tiffin and

Lilboume P. Perry; for the true payment of which we bind

ourselves, our heirs, &c., firmly by these presents. Given un-.

der our hands and seals, this the first day of March, 1839.

(Signed,)

-SAMUEL ANDERSON,

[SEAL..]

Ne varietur, July 9th, 1839. RICHARD CHs. DowNs, [SEAL.] . judge 2arishMadison, Louisiana.

(Indorsed) 216. Filed Nov., 1839. JOHN T. MASoN, Clerk.

$ 13,333,N6. On or before the first of January, 1844, we

promise to pay Lilboume P. Perry the just and full sum of

thirteen thousand three hundred and thirty-three:dollars, value

received, for land and slaves purchased of- Clayton Tiffin and

Lilbourne P. Perry;. for the true payment of which we bind

ourselves, our heirs, &c., firmly'by these presents. Given -un-

der our hands'and seals, this the first day of March, 1839.

(Signed,) ' SAMUEL ANDERS N,

[SEAL.]

Ne varieturi July 9th, 1839. RICHARDI CHs. Dowxms, "[SEAL.] J.judge of parishMadison, Louisiana.
(Indorsed) 216. Filed 28 Nov., 1839. JoHN T. MAsoN, Clerk.

On the 9th of July, 1839, the remaining part of the agree-
ment was carried into effect, by Anderson's executing a mortgage to Lilburn P. Perry, ahd'in favor -ofwhomsoever may
become the legal holder and owner of the above notes, of. the property, land, *and slav.es, which had been conveyed to Anderson by the deed from Tiffin and Perry.
On the same 9th of July, Anderson executed another mortgage, reciting that he was justly indebted to Nelson F. Shel-
ton, of Goochland county, in the State of Virginia, in the sum
of $ 45,550, and mortgaging the same property to secure it, -

166

"SUPREME COURT. -

Shelton v.Tiffin et al.

"it being understood that this mortgage is posterior to that granited by'the said Samuel Anderson in favor of Lilburn P.
Perry on this day." This sum of $ 41550 was divided into
two notes, payable on the 1st of January, 1845, and 1st of January, 1846. Whilst upon the subject of this'last mortgage, it may be as well to say that another was substituted for it, with the consent of all parties, on the 17th of March, 1840, in which Robert Anderson, of Virginia, was also included, as a
creditor to the amount of $ 3,000. This, like the other, referred to the prior mortgage given to Perry.
It is proper now to go back a few months in the order of time.
In January, 1839, Hillery Mosely and William W. Bouldin, citizens of Virginia, filed a petition in the Circuit Court of the United States against John M. Perry and Lilburn P. Perry, alleging that the Perrys were indebted to the petitioners in the sum of $ 7,560, upon a promissory note. As the proceedings upon this suit, as far as the appearance of Lilburn P. Perry was concerned, were drawn into question, it is better to go through with this branch of the case entirely before recurring to any other part of it. On the 12th of January, an .order of court was directed to Lilbum P. Perry, commanding him to fle his answer within ten days, to which the marshal made the. following return -
"Defendant, L. P. Perry, could not be found, after diligent search and inquiry. Returned Feb. 23, 1839.
" J. P. WALDEN, Deputy Marshal."
A writ of arrest was then issued, directing the marshal to seize the bodies of John III.-Perry and Lilhurn P. Perry, and confine them till they should give security not to leave the State without permission of the court, to which the marshal made the following return: -

Marshal's Return.

Received 12th January, 1839; and, on the 18th same

month, arrested and took defendant, John M4. Perry, into my

custody, from whence he was released by giving bond, with Z.

H. Rawlings, Charles Johnson, and H. Lewis, as sureties, in

the parish of Madison, 450 miles from New Orleans, in the

Eastern District of Louisiana; which bail bond is .herein re-

turned; and Lilbourne P. Perry could not be found, after dili-

gent search and inq'uiry, and executing this writ in all other

things as the law directs. Returned February 23d, 1839.

(Signed,)

J. H. HOLLAND; Marshal.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

167

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

After this, B. A. Crawford, calling himself "attorney for defendants," filed an answer for John M. Perry and Lilburn P. Perry, and the cause regularly proceeded to trial, IMr. Crawford attending to it in all its stages as attorney for both defendants. In June, 1839, it was tried, and the jury found a
verdict for $ 7,560. In July, aft. fa. was issued, the return to which was, "no property." In October, an alias was is~ued, to which the marshal made the following return, viz. :

Marshal's Return.

Received 23d day of October, 1839, and on the same day

made demand of the amount of the within ft. fa., at the resi-

dence of the within-named defendants, John M. Perry and Lil-

bourne P. Perry, which was refused. I seized, on the 23d day

of November, 1839, .a debt due by Samuel Anderson to the

within-named. Lilbourne P. Perry, for forty thousand dollars.

There was three notes given by said Anderson to said Perry,

and mortgage on fifty slaves and six hundred and forty acres

of land, to receive the payment of said debt to satisfy this ft.

fa., and after advertising the said claim -ten entire days from

the last day of the notice of seizure, and having appraisers

appointed according to law, who appraised said property

to be worth twenty-eight thousand dollars, cash valuation,

on the 10th day of December, 1839, and then, on the- same

day, offered the property for sale for cash, and iepeatedly cry-

ing it, - ther6 was n. sale for want of abid to the amount re-

quired by law, and then I advertised the same property, and

sold the same on the 4th day of January, 1840, on a credit of

twelve .months, when Samuel Anderson became the purchaser

thereof for the sum of five thousatid dollars, he being the high-

est and last bidder, for which he gave his bond, with John B.

Bemiss and Aarorr Lilly as security; which bond I received,.

and the said bond is herewith retuned; f6ur hundred and thir-

ty miles from New Orleans.

(Signed,)

M. MAIUGNY, U. S. Marshal.

By JoHN N. Do~onuEs, Deputy U. S. Marshal.

In January, 1840, a capias ad satisfaciendum was issued against both the Perrys for the balance of the judgment after deducting the proceeds of the sale to Anderson, to which writ the marshal made the following return: -

Marshal's Return.
Received Thurgday, the 16th January, 1840, and after diligent search and inquiry, the within-named defendants, John M. Perry and Lilbourn P. Perry, could not be found in the

168

SUPREME COURT

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

Eastern District of
from New Orleans. (Signed,)

Louisiana,- distance five hundred miles
M4. MAIGNY, U. S. Marshal. By Jom N. DoNomm,
Deputy U. S. Marshal.

The marshal soon afterwards executed the following conveyance to Anderson: -

.STATE or LOUISIANA, Parishof Madison: Whereas I, John N. Donohue, deputy United States marshal
in and for the Eastern District of the State of Louisiana, by virtue ofa writ of fierifaciasissued from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Nirth Circuit in and for district and
State aforesaid, at the suit of Mosely and Bouldin v. John M. Perry and Lilbourne P. Perry, I did seize a certain debt 6wing by Samuel Anderson to said Lilbourne P. Perry, as evidenced by three promissory notes, dated 1st of March, 1839, due in the years 1842, 1843, and 1844, each for the sum of thirteen
thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars, payable by said Samuel Anderson to the said Lilbourne P. Perry, which notes are "paraphi n " on the 9th of July, 1839, together with the mortgage intended to secure said notes or debts, recorded in the office of the parish judge of the parish 'of Madison, in the parish and State aforesaid, in the record-book of conventional and legal mortgages, pages 27 and 28, where there are fifty slaves and six hundred forty acres of land mortgaged to secure the payment of said notes and mortgage, seized as the property of said Lilbourfie P. Perry, and having exposed the same to public sale as aforesaid, on a credit of twelve months, when Samuel Anderson became the purchaser thereof at the
price of five thousand dollars, for which he gave his bond with John B. Bemis and Aaron Lilly as his securities, payable in twelve months after the date thereof, all in due form of law, and which bond I hereby aeknowledge to have received.
Now, therefore, know all men by these presents, that I, the said deputy as aforesaid, do, in -consideration of the premises, and by viituie of the act in such cases made and provided,
grant, bargain, sell, assign, and set over to the said Samuel Anderson, his heirs and assigns, all the right, title, and interest or demand, which the said Lilboarne P. Perry had, in and- to the said debt, notes, and mortgage, as before described, on the twenty-third day of November, A.' D. 1839, or at any time sin6e, or to any part thereof; to hold the same to the said Samuel Anderson, his heirs and assigns for ever, hereby subrogating (as far as my act in the premises can) said Samuel to all the rights which the said Lilbourne P. Perry had or has, in,

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

169

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

under, and to the aforesaid mortgage; and the said Samuel

Anderson being present hereby accepts this conveyance, and

hereby specially mortgages, the above-described debt and mort-

gae to secure the final payment of the purchase-money, and

all interest and.costs that may accrue in the premises.

Done and passed in; the State and parish aforesaid in pres-

ence of John B. Bemiss and Aaron Lilly, competent witnesses,

who have signed with me, said deputy U. S. Marshal, and

Samuel'Anderson, this 4th day of January, 1840

and said Samuel Anderson before signing.

(Signed,)

JOHx N. DONOnU-.

Having traced this suit to its termination, we must turn our
attention to another. On the 23d of November, 1839, Lilburn P. Perry, by Martin,
Richardson, and Stacy, his attorneys, filed .a petition in the District Court in and for the parish of Madison, setting forth Anderson's indebtedness. to him upon the mortgage and notes above. described for $ 40,000, and stating his belief that Anderson was about to leave the State of Louisiana, and that he. would, unless restrained by the conservative process of the
court, remove his property out of the State before the debt or any part of it became payable. He therefore prayed for a writ of attachment to be levied upon the plantation, crops, and negroes. At the time of filing this petition, Perry filed also the original promissory notes, being three in number, for $13,333 each, payable 1st of January, 1842, '43, '44. With the petitiou was filed also the affidavit of John M. Perry, signing himself "agent for L. P. Perry," who was stated to be absent from
the State of Louisiana.

The attachment was ordered and issued; but on the 27th of. November, John M. Pepry filed in court the following, viz. : -:

Instructions.

Lnoum P. PERny )

V.

S 9th District Court.- An attachment.

SA .UAENL DEsoN. )

I, John M. Perry, acting as agent for Lilbourne P. Perry,

plaintiff in above-entitled suit, hereby direct Thomas B. Scott,

of the parish of Madison, to return the writ of attachment now

in his hands, in the suit of Lilbourne P. Perry v. Samuel An-

derson, No. 216, on the docket of said District Court for the

parish of Madison, to the clerk's office of said court, without

making any seizure or service on said writ of attachment; and

I furthermore heieby direct said sheriff and clerk, that all pro-

vOL. VI.

15

170

SUPREME COURT.

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

ceedings had, or to be had, under said attachment, be dismissed

and discontinued.

(Signed,)

JOHN M. PERRY,

Agent for L. P. Perry, Clayton Tiffln,

J. H. Martin, Geo. W. Grove.

Received on the-27th November, A. D. 1839, and served on

the 28th of same month and year, by handing a certified copy

of this Writ- of attachment to the defendant, Samuel Anderson,

in person, at the court-house in Richmond, and then was in-

struct[ed by] the plaintiff in this case not to levy the attach-

ment, but to retuin it to the clerk's office, as will be seen by

reference to the within order from him. Service $ 2.

(Signed,)

T. B. SCOTT, Sheriff.

The cause remained in this condition for nearly a year, when Anderson filed the following answer, on the 18th of November, 1840 :-
LIBoumm P. P.ERY)
V.
SAMUET. ANDERSON.
The defendant came into-court, and for answer to plaintiff's petition in this suit filed, denies all and singular the allegations therein contained .and set forth. And for further answer thereto he says, that the notes mentioned and appended to plaintiff's petition were executed and delivered to the petitioner, as set forth therein ; also, that the mortgage set forth was executed as set forth, and for the purposes as shown in said mortgage.
This defendant for further (answer] sets forth, that on the 23d day of November, A. D. 1839, John N. Donohue, deputy United States marshal, in virtue of a writ of fieri facias, then in his hands, which issued from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Ninth Circuit, in the Eastern District of Louisiana, at the suit of Mosely and Bouldin against Johni M. Perry and Lilbourne P. Perry, seized upon the several promissory notes mentioned in, and appended to, plaintiff's petition, and the mortgage securing the same; and afterwards, to wit, on the 4th day of January, A. D. 184, proceeded to sell the. said notes and mortgage, in satisfaction of the said fieri facias of Mosely and Bouldin v. John M. Perry and Lilbourne P. Perry, when thi§ defendant became the purchaser of said notes and mortgage, at the last and highest bid. All of which will more fully appear by the annexed copy of said marshal's sale, which is herewith filed, and made part of this answer.
This defendant further shows, that, at the time of the seizure of the said notes and mortgage, they were due and payable

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

171

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

to Lilbourne P. Perry only, and were his property at the time

of said seizure by the deputy marshal as aforesaid. And de-

fendant further shows, that the indorsement made on the back

of one of the notes due on the 1st of January, 1842, was not

inade at the date thereof, to wit, on the 22d of October, 1839,

but was-made after the said seizure so made by the marshal as

aforesaid; and said assignment was only dated for the purpose

of evading said seizure. All of which this defendant will be

prepared to show on the trial of this suit.

This defendant therefore shows and alleges, that by virtue of

the purchase made by him at the marshal's aforesaid, the said

debt, mentioned and shown by said note sued on, and the

mortgage securing, have been discharged and extinguished by

confusion, and by this defendant's becoming the owner of the

said debt and mortgage.

Defendant therefore prays that plaintiff's demand be' re-

jected, and that the notes sued on and. mortgage may. be de-

creed to be discharged and extinguished by the confusion cre-

ated by said sale, as before 'set forth.

(Signed,)

JOHN B. BEDmss, Att'yfor def'ts.

On the 18th of May, 1841, the counsel of Perry made the following motion: -
L. P. PERRY

SAMUEL ANDERsoN. Plaintiff by his undersigned counsel moves that this suit be
dismissed at his costs. MARTI$, RICHARDSON, & STACY, Attorneys.

And on the 20th of May, 1841, the following was entered on the minutes of the court.
LLBou'r P.iPERR
V.
SAb1UEL ANDERSON.
Motion filed by plaintiff's counsel to dismiss this suit at plaintiff's costs.
Ordered, that the motion to dismiss be sustained, and that this suit be dismissed at plaintiff's cost, by consent of the parties. It is also ordered, that the three notes on file in said suit be not withdrawn therefrom by either party, unless upon an order of this court, previously and contradictorily rendered with the other party, after due notice to him; and defendant has leave to withdraw documents marked A, by leaving a certified copy with the clerk.

SUPREME COURT.

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

_Motion.

L L ou.N P. PEay)

v.

. 216.

SAMU.L ANEnso. )

The defendant herein moves this honorable court for a rule

on plaintiff,.to show cause why the notes sued on in above-en-

titled suit should not be given up to him upon his leaving a

certified copy of said notes, they being the property of said de-

fendant, .&c.

BEmIss & PIERncE, Attl'ys for defendants.

Judgment.

By reason of the law and the evidence in this case, and by reason of a motion of plaintiff's counsel thereto, it is ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that judgment be rendered.as if nonsuit in this case, and that the notes herein filed be not withdrawn untif leave [be] obtained; and that the plaintiffs pay the costs
of suit to be taxed. Read and signed in open court, this 3d day of June, A. D. 1841.
B. G. TENNs, Judge 9ta Dist.

The cause remained in this position for nearly a year, a bill having been filed in the mean time, viz. on the 21st April, 1842, in the Circuit Court of the United States, by Tiffin and Perry against Anderson and Shelton. This bill (which is the
present case) will receive particular notide after the history of the proceedings in the Parish Court shall have been finished. *
On the 11th of May, 1842, the following motion was made in the Parish 'Court :-

Motion to withdraw notes filed, and it is ordered by the

court, that L. P. Perry, the plaintiff in this suit, show cause on

Thursday, the-19th instant, why the application should not be

granted.

Answer.

Lm.oura; P. PERY

v.

Ninth District Court, parish of Madison.

SAMUEL ANDERSON.

The plaintiff, Lilbourne P. Percy, for cause against the rule taken upon him by Samuel Anderson,. why the notes sued on should not be withdrawn.and delivered up to said Anderson,

shows, that the plaintiff/has taken a voluntary nonsuit in the

above cause, after issue joined, which issue has never been ei-

ther tried or decided; but that plaintiff now stands on the rec-

ord as the owner of said notes, and he denies that said Ander-

son can have an order of this court for the delivery to him of said notes until it shall have been decided in a suit,*regularly

brought for that purpose, that said Anderson is the owner of

JANUARlY TERM, 1848.

173

Shelton v. Tiffin -et al.

said notes, which issue he denies can be tried upon the said defendant's rule- to show cause; wherefore, and for other reasons equally apparent, he prays that defendant may be discharged at his costs.
D. S. STAcy, Att'yforplff.
On the 19th of May, 1842 the court overruled the above, exceptions, and ordered the trial of the rule to proceed; when a motion was made on the part of Perry for a continuance, and an affidavit of John M. Perry filed in support of the motion. The affidavit stated the absence of a material witness, viz. Crawford, the attorney in'the suit of Mosely aid Boulding against John M. Perry and Lilburn P. Perry, and that he expected to prove by him that lie, Crawford, put in ananswer. by mistake for the said Lilburn P. Perry, and that he, said Crawford, never had any authority from the .said Lilburn P. Perry, or from any duly authorized attorney or agent of said Lilburn P. Perry, to put in said answer, or to make any answer or plea of any description whatever, or in any manner whatever to repregent said Lilburn P. Perry in said suit. John M. Perry also filed the following affidavit -
"John M. Perry, agent and attorney in fact of the plaintiff in
the above-entitled suit, makes oath,.that he is the agent of Lilbourn P. Perry, the said plaintiff; that said Lilbourn P. Perry is absent at-this time from the State of Louisiana, and he, said Lilbourn. P. Perry, resides in the State of Missouri, and has resided in said State of Missouri for several years past; that Lilbourn P. Perry has not been within the vicinity of the State of. Louisiana for nearly, or quite tw'o year§ past,. and that ever since the said Lilbourn P. Perry left the State of Louisiana, which affiant bblieves was in the fall of the year. 1838, and became a resident in the State of Missouri, affiant has been, as he is now, the agent and attorney in fact of the said Lilbourn P. Perry.
"'Affiant swears, that not until Wednesday, the 18th day of
May,. in the year 1842, was affiant apprised that any such motion as that now before the court, made-on the part of Samuel Anderson, had been made, nor had affiapt any knowledge that any such motion was intended to be 'made on the part of. said Anderson, or any one claiming under him.
"Affiant swears further, that Bennet A. Crawford, who resides in the city of New Orleans, is a witness whose testimony is material for the substantiation of the claims of the said Lilbourn P. Perry on the trial of said motion; that the said Lilbourn P. Perry cannot go safely to trial without the.evidence of said Crawford, and that he expects to prove by said Crawford
15 *

SUPREME COURT.

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

such facts as will show the said Anderson has no title in and to said notes.
"Affiant swears,'also, that since he was informed of the existence of said motion, he has not had fime to procure the testimony of said Crawford, and that he cannot procure said testimony of said Crawford in time to go to trial at the present
term of this court, but he, affiant, expects to procure said testimony of said Crawford so as to go to trial at the next term of this honorable court; and finally, that this affidavit is not taken for the purpose of delay, but only to obtain substantial
justice. "JOHN M. PERRY."

The court having ordered the trial of the rule to proceed, the counsel of Perry declined to make any further appearance, and took a bill of exceptions, which was signed by the judge.
Anderson then offered in evidence the proceedings consequent
upon the judgment in the case of Mosely and Boulding against John M. Perry and Lilburn P. Perry, the execution, the sale to Anderson, and the deed to him by the marshal, all of which
have been stated above. On the 19th of May, 1842, the court rendered the following
judgment: -

"On a rule to show cause. -By reason of the law and the

evidence being in favor of the defendant, and against the

plaintiff, Lilbourn P. Perry, and the defendant's answer to the

plaintiff's petition, and the evidence being considered, and the

defendant, Samuel Anderson, having proved to the satisfaction

of the court, that he has, since the institution of this suit, be-

come the true and legal owner of the three notes sued on, and

the indebtedness set forth in plaintiff's petition having been

- extinguished by confusion, it is ordered, adjudged, and decreed,.

that the defendant, Samuel Anderson, have judgment in his

favor, and against the plaintiff, Lilbourn P. Perry, and that said

Samuel Anderson be decreed- to be the true and legal owner of

the said thiee notes, the same being extinguished by confusion,

and that the same be adjudged and decreed to be delivered up

to said defendant, Samuel Anderson, and that the said L.

P. Perry pay the costs of this suit, to be taxed. Done and

signed in open court, this

1842.

" THos. CURRY,

DistrictJudge, Ninth JudicialDistrict."

From this judgment an appeal was prayed and granted to
the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana. On the 3d of December, 1842, Anderson received the origi-
nal notes from the clerk of the court.

JANUARY TERMs 1848.

175

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

We must now turn our attention to another suit.

It has been already stated, that on the 17th of March, 1840,

Samuel Anderson acknowledged himself indebted to Nelson F.

Shelton, of Virginia, to the amount of $ 45,550, and to Robert

Anderson, also of Virginia, to the amount of $ 9,000; and that

he mortgaged all the property which he had purchased from

Tiffin ind Perry to secure those debts, making this last mort-

gage posterior to that to Tiffin and Perry.

On the 3d of April, 1841, Nelson F. Shelton and Robert

Anderson filed a petition in the Ninth District Court for-the

State of Louisiana, holding sessions in and for the parish of

Madison, setting forth the mortgage, and praying that the sheriff

might be ordered to seize' and sell, for cash, so much of the

mortgaged proporty as would pay their respective debts.

On the 12th of April, 1841, the judge issued the order, as

prayed. I

·

On the 10th of July, 1841, the sheriff returned that he had

offered the property at public auction, "1and Nelson F. Shelton,

sen'r, and Robert Anderson, the plaintiffs herein, being present,

bid for said property the sum of -thirty-six thousand dollars,

which being the highest bid or offer made, and being over and

above iwo thirds of the cash valuation of the same, the" said

property was adjudicated to Nelson F. Shelton, sen'r, and

Robert Anderson, at and for the said sum.of thirty-six thousand
($ 36,000) dollars, subject to all the privileges and mortgages

encumbering the same; wherefore, in virtue of the premises

herein set forth, and of the'law in such case made and pro-

vid.ed, and for and in consideration of the price above described,

I, Thomas B. Scott, sheriff as aforesaid, do sell, transfer, and

convey unto the said Nelson F. Shelton, sen'r, and Robert

Anderson, in proportion to the claim of each plaintiff in said

writ of seizure, all the right, title, and interest of the said de-

fendant,. Samuel Anderson, in and to the before described, and

all the appurtenances thereunto belonging, unto them, the said

Nelson F. Shelton, sen'r, and Robert Anderson, and their heirs

or assigns for ever.

"In testimony whereof, I have hereunto et my hand, at the

parish of Madison, State of Louisiana, on this the sixteenth

day of June, eighteen hundred and forty-one, in the presence

of Alexander T.. Steele and tdmond Cavelier, competent wit-

nesses, who have signed with me the said sheriff.

(Signed,)

Tno. B. ScoTT,

Sherffi of the Parishof Madison, Louisiana."

It is not necessary to insert in this statement two suits which are inserted, in the record, which- were carried on, one in the

176

SUPREME COURT

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

Circuit Court of the United States by Tiffin, upon his own account, against Anderson, upon three promissory notes, amount-
ing in the whole to $ 12,065, and the other in a court of Missis-
sippi by Anderson, for the use of Clayton Tiffin, against Austin, Ragan, and Bohannon, upon the note for $ 18,282, which Anderson had considered a part of his cash payment, as above narrated. Both these suits ended in judgments which produced
no fruits. We come now to the suit in the Circuit Court, which was
the basis of the present appeal. On the 21st of April, 1842, Clayton Tiffin and Lilburn P.
Perry filed a bill on the equity side of the Circuit Court of the United States. They state themselves to be residents of the city of St. Louis and citizens of the State of Missouri, and file the bill against Samuel Anderson, Robert Anderson, Nelson F.
Shelton, Hillery Mosely, and William W Bouldin. The bill recites the sale to Samuel Anderson; the deficiency in the cash payment, the execution of the notes and mortgage by Anderson, the suit against him by Lilburn P. Perry, the suit against Pety by Mosely and Bouldin, the judgment, the sale of the whole interest to Anderson for $ 5,000, the OSreclosure of Shelton's mortgage with an intent to defraud, and then avers, that, at -the institution of the suit by. Mosely and Bouldin against Perry, the latter was not a citizen of Louisiana, but of Missouri.; that he was never served with process, and never emPloyed any one to appear'for him; that the judgment was thereby
wrongfully recovered, and is void; that admitting the validity of the judgment, yet the subsequent proceedings were irregular; that the land;nd slaves never were the sole property of Perry, and that Anderson knew it; that the first note was specially indorsed ti Tiffin as a part of his share; that this was done before it ws seized as being the property of Perry. The bill then prayed that the judgment of Mosely and Bouldin might be set aside, that their mortgage .might be foreclosed, and for general relief, and for an injunction.
The defendants, Samuel Anderson and Nelson F. Shelton, demurred to the bill for want of equity, which being overruled, they severally pleaded to the jurisdiction of the court, that said Shelton, and all the other defendants except Samuel Anderson, were citizens of the State of Virginia. Upon these pleas, evidence was taken on both sides, and on that evidence the pleas were overruled.
The defendants who had pleaded and Robert Anderson then put in their answers to the bill. The grounds of defence set
'tp and relied upon by the defendants were, 1st. That it was part of their original contract of purchase

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

177

Shelton, v. Tiffin et al.

that the complainants would receive, in satisfaction of the cash payment, the debt due to Samuel Anderson by John M. and L. P. Perry, and the note on Austin, Ragan, and Bohannon; that complainants knew the drawers and the value of the note, and
that, but for their agreement to receive these notes, he would not have given the. price at which he purchased; and that,
therefore, they have no right to claim of him any thing on ac-
count of their failure to collect said note of the drawers. 2d. That, before the execution of the three notes secured by
the mortgage, Samuel Anderson and John M. Perry gave three notes, for about the aggregate amount of $ 12,000, to the said Clayton Tiffin, with the understanding and agreement, that
thereafter, when the said mortgage notes were executed, one of them was to be given to him for the said three first-men-
tioned notes, which were then to be surrendered up. That this
had not been done. On the contrary, the complainants retained all the three mortgage notes, and that said Clayton Tiffin had not only not surrendered the three other notes given to him, but had sued on them in the same United States Circuit Court, and had recovered judgments thereon, and that, therefore, the mortgage debt ought to be credited by the amount of those judgments.
3d. That Samuel Anderson had, in good faith, purchased
and paid for the said three mortgage notes, amounting to $ 40,000, when seized and sold on the 4th of January, 1840, by the marshal, under execution from the same United. States Circuit Court, on a judgment therein obtained by Mosely and Bouldin against the -said Lilburn P. Perry and John M. Perry; that the said Lilburn P. Perry appeared to that suit by a licensed attorney-at-law; that all the proceedings in the suit, and in virtue of the execution, were regular and legal; and that the sale under said execution, and his purchase, had been decided to be valid by the District Court of the Niith District of Louisiana (a State court), in a suit of Lilbum P. Perry agaiist the said Samuel Anderson; and 'that thereby the said mortgage debt was "extinguished by confusion," as was adjudged by the said State court; and that, on the faith of the validity of said proceedings, the said defendants, Nelson F. Shelton and Robert Anderson, had instituted a suit, in April, 1841, in the
said District Court for the Ninth District of the State -of Louisiana, on a mortgage in their favor, given to them by the said Samuel Anderson (subsequent, however, to the mortgage given. to the complainants), and on the 14th of June, 1841, by virtue of an order of seizure and sale in the said suit, caused the said mortgaged property (the same previously mortgaged to complainants) to be sold by the sheriff, and became themselves the

178

SUPREME COURT.

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

purchasers (at the price of $ 36,000), and took possession under their purchase. To prove all this, they refer to the record
of said suit, and rely on these several purchases of Samuel Anderson, and of Nelson F. Shelton and Robert Anderson, as extinguishing or precluding the claim of the complainants.
The complainants filed a general replication. With respect to the third ground of defence, the testimony
of Mr. Crawford was taken, who, it will be recollected, was the attorney who appeared for Lilburn P. Perry in the suit against him by Mosely and Bouldin.

Evidence of Mr. Crawford.

1st. Are you a counsel and attorney at law, practising as

such at the bar of the State of Louisiana, and were you in the

year 1839 ?

He. answers, Yes.

2d. Did you appear in your aforesaid capacity in the defence

of a suit instituted by Mosely and Bouldin, in

, 183 ,

against John M. Perry and Lilburn P. Perry, in the Circuit Court

of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana?

To the 2d. He answers, Yes.

3d. Will you please state if you ever received aniy authority,

either directly or indirectly, from Lilburn P. Perry, or from any

one on his behalf, to appear and represent and defend his inter-

est in said suit?

To the 3d. He. answers, he has no recollection of having

received any authority, either directly or indirectly, from Lil-

bum- P. Perry, or from any one on his behalf, to appe~r and

represent and defend his interest in said suit, other than what

might be inferred in a letter from John M. Perry, informing him

that he would see upon the records of the court of the United

States a suit, commenced against him and others by H. Mosely

and Bouldin, and his wish to employ him to defend it. In no

other part of his letter is reference made to the name of Lilburn

P. Perry.

4th. Were you, or not, employed by John M. Perry alone

for his defence, without any direction or request to appear on

behalf-of Lilburn P. Perry; and was, or not, your appearance on behalf of the defendants in said suit an inadvertence on
your part? To the 4th. 'He answers, he was employed by J. M. Perry
in said letters aforesaid, and without any directions or request to appear on behalf of Lilburn P. Perry, other [than] what may be inferred from the letters aforesaid. Deponent regards his appearance on behalf of any other person than John M. Perry in said suit as an inadvertence on his part.

JANUARY TERM, i848.

179

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

5th. Did you, or not, know, at the time of your said appearance, that the said Lilburn P. Perry had never been served with process of citation in said suit, and that, at the time of -its institution, he was a citizen of Missouri, residing in the city of
St. Louis? To the 5th. Deponent did not know, at the time of his said
appearance, that Lilburn P. Perry had never been served with process of citation, and only presumed that it has been done; and accordingly misled him, as far as it has been done in the answer of John M. Perry. Deponent did not know, of his own knowledge, that, at the time of the institution of the said suit, Lilbum P. Perry was a citizen of' St. Louis, Missouri.

Cross-Interrogatories.
1st. If you filed an answer and amended answer to the suit of Mosely and Bouldin against John M. Perry and Lilburn P. Perry, in the federal court, early in 1839, in the name of both defendants, did you never receive any instructions from Lilburn P. Perry to do so, or as to the suit'? Did he never converse with you about the suit, either before or since ? Did he never write to you in relation to it, either before or since ?
To the first cross-interrogatory, he saith: In relation to the answers referred to in the said interrogatory, deponent has no recollection of having received any instructions from Lilburn P. Perry on the subject; nor of his having conversed with him about the suit before filing said answers; nor of his having conversed with him about the said suit until after the rendition of judgment against him; nor of his having ever written to him in relation to it, either before or since its institution.
2d: Was not John M. Perry his agent or attorney in. fact? Did yqu not see in his hands authority to act for Lilbum P. Perry? Have you not reason to believe, and what reason, that he had authority to d6fend that suit? ,
To the 2d cross-interrogatory. Deponent does not know that John M. Perry was agent, or attorney in fact; deponent never saw in [his] hands any authority to act for Lilburn P. Perry; deponent had no reason to believe that John M. Perry had authority to defend the said suit for Lilburn P. Perry.
3d. Was not John M. Perry the father of Lilburn P. Perry? Was he not his agent generally in Louisiana? Did not Lilburn P. Perry at some time avow and ratify the act done by John M. Perry for him?
To the 3d cross-interrogatory. John M. Perry has been regarded as the father of Lilburn P. Perry; deponent has no knowledge of his being his agent generally in Louisiana; deponent has no knowledge'that Lilburn P. Perry ever avowed or ratified the acts done by John M., Perry for him.

180

SUPREME COURT.

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

4th. Was there any defence for Lilburn P. Perry which. John M. Perry did not make ? Are you not satisfied that the claim of Mosely and Bouldin against him was perfectly just?
To the 4th cross-interrogatory. I know of no other defence for Lilburn P. Perry, than what is stated in my answers to the interrogatories of the plaintiff; and in my answers to the foregoing cross-interrogatories. I have no personal knowledge of the claim of Mosely and Bouldin, and have not heard or seen any thing to satisfy me that it is just.
5th. Do you know, or can you set forth, any other matter or thing which may be a benefit or advantage to the parties at issue in this cause, or either of them, or that may be material to the subject of this your examination, or the matters in ques.tion in this cause? if yea, .set forth the same fully and at large
in your answer. To the 5th. I do not know, nor can I set forth, any other
matter or thing which may be of benefit or advantage to the parties at issue in this cause, or either of -them, or that may
be material to he subject of my examination, or the matters in question in the cause.

On the 27th of June, 1843, the Circuit Court pronounced the following decree.

TIFFNL AND PERnut

Circuit Court, United States. - In

AN*

Equity, June, 1843.

This cause came on to be heard at this term, and was ar-

gued by counsel; and thereupon, upon consideration thereof,

it was ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the complainants

are justly, legally, and equitably entitled to payment of the

sum prayed for in their bill of complaint, as the unpaid consid-

eration-money for the purchase of the plantation and slaves de-

scribed in said bill, and purchased from the complainants by

the respondent, Samuel Anderson; that said sum has not been

paid, satisfied, or extinguished, notwithstanding the allegations.

and matters of defence set forth in the answer of the respond-

ents; that the entire property mortgaged by the respondent,

Samuel Anderson, to the complainant, Lilbourne P. Perry, is

in law and equity subject to the payment of said sums; that

the lien and mortgage exist upon said property, in the posses-

sion of the respondents, Robert Anderson, and Nelson F. Shel-

ton, the third possessors thereof, notwithstanding the matters

of defence which they have severally set forth in their answer

to the bill of complaint. . And therefore, in order to carry into

effect -this decree, and secure to the complainants their legal

and equitable rights, it is ordered, that the marshal of this

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

181

Shelton v.Tiffin et al.

court do forthwith take into his possession the property de-

scribed in the mortgage from Samuel Anderson to Lilbourne

P. Perry, and restore -the same to the possession of the com-

plainants, or their legal representative; and if,within sixty

days thereafter, the- said respondent shall well and truly pay,

or cause to be paid, the complainants, or their legal representa-

tive, the sum of forty thousand dollars, with interest thereon

from the first day of January, 1842, until paid, the same being

the unpaid consideration for the purchase of said property from

the said complainants, then said property shall be relinquished

to respondents.

And it is further ordered, that the complainants, upon being

restored to the possession of said property, do give bond, in the

sum of twenty thouspd dollars, conditioned for the restoration

of said property, and the proceeds thereof, from the time of

their being placed in possession by the marshal, to the re-

spondents, in case said respondents shall see cause to appeal

from this decree to the Supreme Court of the United States,

and the decree of this court be reversed upon said appeal.

It is further ordered, that the respondents pay the costs of

this suit.

(Signed,)

THEo. HE.MCOALEB, U. S. Judge.

An appeal from this decree brought the case up to this court.

It was argued by Mr. Jones, for the appellant, Shelton, and Mr. 0rittenden,for Tiffin and Perry; but the length to which this case has already reached renders it impossible to give any other than a very brief sketch of their arguments.

Mr. Jones, for the appellant, objected to the jurisdictiqn of

the court upon two grounds: -

1. Four of the five defendants are averred, in pleas and an-

swers under oath, to have been citizens, not of Louisiana, but

of Virginia, at the time of the institution of the suit; and two

of them, Mosely and Bouldin, being admitted not to have been

citizens of Louisiana, we maintain that the other two, 1.. An-

derson and Shelton, ae proved to have been in the same pre-

dicament. But we hold the admitted defect of citizenship in

the' first two above fatal to the jurisdiction, whatever may be

the weighl-of evidence as to the citizenship of the other two.

2. The case made out by the bill is not one susceptible of

relief in equity; but one wherein a plain, adequate, and com-

plete remedy might have been had at law. Taking up the second point first, he contended that it was

not a cape where equity would interpose, because the Louisiana

code gives, a more simple remedy. The object of the com-

VOL. VL

16

SUPREME COURT.
Shelton v. Tiffin et al.
plainants is to set aside the judgment of Nosely and Bouldin against Perry. This can be done by an action of nullity and rescission. Code of Practice, 604- 616 ; 7 Cranch, 88, 90.
1st point. There are five parties here, and four *notcitizens of Louisiana. But parties must be of the. sanite State with each other. 3 Cranch, 267; 5 Wheat. 424, 434.
There is a difference between citizenship and residence in a State. Merely residing there does not confer citizenship. In Louisiana, a person wishing to acquire citizenship must give notice. 2 Dig. Laws La. 308.
As to setting aside the judgment, the rule is, that a party may justify under a judgment. 6 Peters, 8 ; 10 Peters, 449; 6 Cranch, 173 ; 4 Dall. 8 ; 4 Cranch, 328.
The fact of an attorney's having authority to appear is not traversable. The only remedy to the party aggrieved is an action against the attorney. 1 Tidd, 95; 3 Howard, 343.
1M1r. Crittenden,for the appellees, said that the objection to the jurisdiction of the court, founded on the allegation that there was a sufficient remedy at law, could not be maintained. How has this court lost this liranch of its equity jurisdiction? In Pennsylvania, they try equity cases in an action of' ejectment ; but this court has not considered this as a sufficient reason for waiving its equity jurisdiction. So, in Louisiana, law and equity are all mixed up together. Besides, he're is an equitable lien on the property for the cash payment, which can only be enforced in equity.
As to citizenship. . The proof is, that the parties lived in Louisiana for three years, and built a house upon the property. We found them there. They claim the option of being citizens. "A citizen of the United States residing in any State is a citizen of that State. 6 Peters, 762.
As to the judgment of Mosely and Bouldin. Perry was represented in court b.y an unauthorized attorney, and therefore the judgment does not bind him. 9 Wheat. 829; 1 T. R. 62; 2 Desaussure, 380; CaldWvell v. Shields, 2 Rob.; 6 Johns. 296; ibid. 317, 318; 2 Watts, 493; 3 Pa. Rep. 75 (Judge Grier says this has been overruled); 3 Robinson, 94; Code of Practice, art. 605.
Even if the judgment was valid, the sale 'vas not madeaccording to law. If the property was immovable, then the requisite notice has not been given. Code of Practice, art. 670.
Slaves are, considered immovable. Civil Code, art. 461. Hare every thing was sold, land, slaves, and notes. Civil Code, art. 462, 2424, 3249..
All formalities -must be complied with in a forced sale. 3 L a. Rep. 421 ; 4 ib. 150,207; 11 Martin, 610, '675; 8 N. S. 246.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

183

Shelton v.Tiffin et al.

The thing sold was the entire debt of $ 40,000. But.it did not all belong to the defendant, and was bought for $ 5,000 by the very man who owed the $ 40,000, and who must have
known that one half belonged to Tiffin. The evidence shows that Anderson knew that the first note had been indorsed to Tiffin. (Mr. Crittenden here referred to and commented upon it.)
By the Civil Code, art. 2622, Anderson must be a trustee for his vendor, who can reclaim the property by repaying what it cost. Story, Eq. % 789, 1211, 1212, where cases are cited; Grattan's Rep. 188; 2 Mylne & Craig, 361; 7 Dana, 46; Civil Code, art. 21, 1958 - 1960, 2619.
(Mr. Critt~nden then commented upon the proceedings of the parish court.)

Mr..Jones, in reply and conclusion.
As to the judgment of Mosely afid Bouldin. It is objected, that the defendant never was served with process; but that is
cured by an appearance. Was there one? The record says yes. A sworn attorney appeared and answered for both defendants. If the correctness of this is impeached, it is for the other party to do it, and they must do it clearly. There must
be the plainest evidence. Crawford-is the only witness. We might object to the interrogatories. They are all. leading ones. But he shows that he bad authority. He was eiraployed to de-
fend the suit. What suit? Against both defendants. He refers to letters. Why did he not produce them? Is there any evidence that John M. Perry had no authority to employ colusel? There is not. Why did he not swear so? He was as good'a witness as Crawford. In an affidavit, John M. Perry
swears that he is the agent and attorney of Lilburn P. Perry. A-'bond is signed L. P. Perry, "by his attorney, John M. Perry." Crawford's evidence is therefore only negative.
(Mr. Jones then proceeded to reply to the other arguments of Mr. Crittenden upon the facts of the case.)

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This is an appeal in chancery from the Circuit Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
On the 10th of April, 1838, the complainants below sold to one Samuel Anderson a plantation and negroes situated in the parish of Madison, Louisiana. for seventy-five thousand dollars. Thirty-five thousand dollars of this sum were paid in part by surrendering a note which Anderson held against Lilburn P. Perry, the complainant, and his father, John M. Perry, for thirteen thousand dollars; and by the assignment-of a note on H. R. Austin, J. B. Ragan, and Wylie Bohannon, of the State of

184

SUPREME COURT.

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

Mississippi, for eighteen thousand two hundred eighty-two
dollars and sixty-five cents, payable to Samuel Anderson on
the 1st of April, 1839.
A mortgage was executed on the plantation and slaves, to secure the payment of forty thousand dollars, the residue of the purchase-money. At the same time, three notes or bonds were executed to Lilburn P. Perry by Samuel Anderson, each for the sum of thirteen thousand three hundred and thirtythree dollars, payable on the first day of January, 1842, 1843,
and 1844. On the 11th of January, 1839, Mosely and Bouldin, citizens
of Virginia, instituted a suit in the Circuit Court against L. P. Pery and John M. Perry, and obtained a judgment against them for seven thou.-and five hundred dollars. An execution was issued, in virtue of which, under the laws of Louisiana, the marshal levied upon the three notes above stated and the mortgage, which were sold by him, on a credit of twelve months, to Samuel Anderson, the mortgagor, for five thousand dollars.
Some time after this purchase, Robert Anderson, the father
of Samuel, and Nelson F. Shelton, his uncle, having procured a judgment against Samuel Anderson in the State court of
Louisiana, sold the mortgaged property and slaves, and they became the purchasers thereof and have the possession of the plantation and slaves under the purchase, claiming that the mortgage by Anderson to Perry has been extinguished.
The decree of the Circuit Court was entered against Samuel Anderson, Robert Anderson, and Nelson .F. Shelton et al., that.wihin sixty days they should pay to th.- complainants forty thousand dollars, with interest from the first day of January, 1842, and in default of such payment that they should de-
liver to the complainants the possession of the plantation and slaves. From this decree Shelton only has appealed.
The defendants pleaded that the Circuit Court had no jurisdiction of the case, as Mosely and Bouldin, Robert Anderson, and Shelton were citizens of Virginia, and the complainants were citizens of Missouri. Shelton being the only appellant, the objection of citizenship -must be limited to him.
Under the act of Congress, jurisdiction may be exercised by the courts of the United States "between a citizen of the State where the suit is brought, and a citizen of another State." "But no person shall be arrested in one district for trial in another, in any civil action." If Shelton be not a citizen of Louisiana, having raised the question of jurisdiction
by a plea, this suit cannot be sustained against him. In the declaration or bill an allegation of citizenship of the
parties must be made, as it has been held that an averment of

'ANUARY TERM, 1848.'

1.85

Shelton r. Tiffin et eI.

residence is insufficient. But. the proof of citizenship, when denied, may be satisfactory., although all the privileges and rights of a citizen may not be shown to have- been-claiied or exercised by the individual.
Shelton and wife, they having no children, became residents of Louisiana in the fall of 1840, more than two years before the commencement of this suit. Since their residence commenced, they have been absent from the State only once, a short time, on a visit t'oa watering-place in Mississippi. They have resided the greiter part of the time on the plantation in controversy, cultivating and- improving it by the labor of the slaves. Within this time, a more comfortable and secure dwell-
ing-house has been constructed. In the winter of 1840 or 1841, Shelton observed to a witness, that he considered himself a resident of the State of Louisiana.
There is no proof that ,he has voted at any election in L6uisiana pr served on a jury.* At one time he refused to vote, but that Was after, this suit was commenced. Some. of the witneses say that he sometimes spoke of returning to"Virginia whether on.-a visit or to- reside there permanently does
xqot appear. Where an individual has resided in a State for a considerable-
time- -b. eng engaged in the prosecution -of business, he may ·well be presumed to be a citizen.of such State, unless the contrary appear.' -And? this presumption is strengthened where the individual lives on 'a plantation and cultivates it with a largeforce, as *inthe. case of Shelton, claiming and improving the
lfroperty as his own. -On a change of domicile from one State to another, citizen-
ship may depend upon the intention of the individual. But this intention may-be shown more satisfactorily by acts than declarations. An exercise of the right of sufage is conclusive on the subject;" but acquiring, a right of suffrage, accompanied by acts which show a permanent looation, unexplained may be sufficient. The facts proved in this case authorize the con-. clusion, that Shelton was a citizen of Louisiana, Within the act of Congress, 'so as to' give jurisdiction to the Circuit Court.
The defendants also demur to the plaintits bill, on the ground, that the complainants have plain and adequate relief at
law. -
The demurrer'is clearly unsustainable. Fraud is alleged in the bill, and relief is prayed against a judgment and a judicial sale of the property in controversy. These and .other matters stated in the bill show, that, if the complainants shall be entitled to relief, a court of equity only can give it.
The great question in the case arises out of the judicial sale 16*

1 6

SUPREME COURT.

Shelton v. Tiffin ot aL.

of the mortgage debt to Anderson, the mortgagor, under a judgment obtained by Mosely and Bouldin against L. P. Perry and
John M. Perry. If by this sale the mortgage debt has been
extinguished, no relief -can be given to the complainants. Had the Circuit Court which rendered that judgment juris-
diction of the case? The plaintiffs were citizens of Virginia, John M. Perry was a citizen of Louisiana, and.L. P. Perry, of Missouri. No process was served upon- L. P. Perry, nor does it appear that he had notice of the suit until long after the proceedings were had. Bift there was an appearance by counsel for the defendants, -and defence was made to the action. This being done by a regularly practising attorney, it affords piria face evidence) at least, of an appearance in the suit by both the defendants. Any individual may waive process, and
appear voluntarily. John M. Perry acted in some matters as the agent of L P.
Perry; but it does iot appear that he had authority to waive
process and detend the suit. And Crawford, the attorney, testified, that "he had no recollection of having received any authority directly or indirectly from L. P. Perry, or from any one in his behalf, to defend the suit. He received a letter from
John M. Perry, informing him that he would see upon the
reeords of the court of the United States a suit commenced against him and others by Mosely and Bouldin, and he wished to employ him to defend it." And he says, that "he regards his appearance on behalf of any other person Than John M. Perry in said suit as an inadvertence on his part."
This evidence does not contradict the record, but explains it. The appearance wvas the act of the counsel, and not the act of the court. Had the entry been, that L. P. Perry came personally into court and waived process, it could not have been cqntroverted. But the appearance by counsel who had no authority to waive process, or to defend the suit for L. P. Perry, may be explained. An appearance by counsel under such circumstances, to the prejudice of a party, subjects the counsel to damages; but this would not sufficiently protect the rights of the defendant. He is not bound by the proceedings, and there is no other principle which can afford him' adequate protection. The judgment, therefore, against L, P. Perry must be considered a nullity, and consequently did not
authorize the seizure and sale of his property. An execution*sale under a fraudulent judgment .is valid, if
the- purchaser had no knowledge of the fraud. But in this ease L. P. Perry was not amenable to the jurisdiction of the court, and did no act to authofize the judgment. He cannot, therefore, be affected by it,.or by any proceedings under it.

JANUARf" TERM, 184&

.187

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

In this view, it is unnecessary to:zconsider the objections to the procedure under the execution. The debt of forty thousand dollars was sold as the property of L. P. Perry, when one of the notes had been assigned to Tiffin, a'nd an equal interest in. the other two belonged to him. Of this, Anderson, the purchaser, had notice. It would be difficult to. sustain this sale on legal principles. Anderson, it is insisted, at the marshal's sale, purchased a "litigious right," and by article 2622 of the Givil Code, "he. against whom a litigious right
has.been-transferred may be released by paying the transferee the .real price of the transfer, together with interest from its *date."
The judgment being void for want of jurisdiction in the court, no right passed to Samuel Anderson under the marshal's sale; consequently the mortgage remains a subsisting lien. Nor' is this lien affected by the mortgage subsequently executed by Samuel to his father, Robert Anderson, and his uncle, Shelton. After the mortgage to the complainants was supposed to. be extinguished by the judicial sale, Robert Anderson and Shelton procured in a State court a foreclosure of their mortgage which had been jrevio.usly given on the plantation and slaves, and they became the purchasers at the .sale for thirty-six thousand dollars. If this procedure were bona fide, the purchase was
made subject to .he prior mortgage. On the 23d of November, 1839, a billwas Mled in the Dis-
triet Court for the parish of Madison, by L. P. Perry, against Samuel Anderson,- representing the debt due, secured by mortgage, and that he was in possession of the plantation and slaves;. and,. fearing that he might remove the slaves or other property, an, attachment was prayed. No service was made of this writ, and the suit was discontinued, the 28th of November, 1839. A judgment seems to have been irregularly entered by default, the 17th of November, 1840, and on the next day an answer was filed by Anderson, setting up the sale and extinguishment of the mortgage debt, and praying that the notes and mortgage
might be decreed as extinguished, and be delivered up. . Afterwards, on the 20th of May, 1841, this suit was dismissed by the order of the court. And on the" 19th of May, 1842, mo-
tion having been previously, made and argued in the District Court, on proof that "the defendant, Samuel Anderson, since the Institution of this'suit has become the true and legal owner of the thrie notes sued on, aud. the indebtedness set forth 'in plaintiff's petition having been extinguished by confusion, the court decreed that they should be -delivered up." And this. decree is relied on as a bar to the present suit.
At the time the above decree was, made, this suit was pend-

188

SUPREME COURT.

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

ing in the Circuit Court, to enforce ihe payment ,of the.otes directed to be given up by the District Court. The object of the petition before that court was not the recovery 6f thre money, for the notes were not due when it was fied, but to prevent Samuel Anderson from removing the negroes, wasting the crops, &c., on.the plantation. But this petition had been.
discontinuedifor more than a year, when Anderson filed his answer, setting up his purchase of the notes under a judicial sale, and that the mortgage debt was extinguished. And on this case, made in the answer in no way responsive to the petition, which had long before been abandoned, the parish judge, on
motion, founded his decree that the mortgage debt was ex-
,tinguished, and directed the notes to be delivered up. It is difficult to characterize in proper -terms this proceeding
of the State court. The petition having been abandoned, there was no pretence of jurisdiction for the subsequent steps taken.at the instance of Anderson. There was nothing in the petition, had it not been abandoned, which would hlave -authorized such a procedure. The circumstances under which this judicial action was had show a fraudulent contrivance, on the part of Afiderson, to defeat his adversaries by the interposition of the State court. The whole case was pending in the Cir-
cuit Court of the United States,,and this interference. of the State court was wholly unauthorized and void.
The Mississippi note for eighteen thousand two hundred and
sixty-five dollars, which was assigned to complainants in part. payment of the purchase-money, was worthless. The parties to it were insolvent when it was assigned to the complainants,
which fact was known to the assignor, Samuel Andersoi. He acted.fraudulently in representing the note to be good, when he knew it was valueless. By his own confession, after the assignment, the fraud is established. . It is insisted, that, this note having been imposed upon the
complainants as a good note, by the fraudulent .representation of Anderson, they as vendors have an equitable lien on the plantation and slaves for the amount' of it. If the receiut of &note of a third person in payment of the purchase-money be a waiver of an equitable lien on the real estate conveyed, yet it would seem,- where a fraud had been practised in the assignment of the note, there would be no waiver. But however this'may be, it is not strongly urged, as it is believed that the mortgage debt, with the interest, will be nearly equal to-
the value of the plantation. I The history of this case shows a successful course of fraud-
ulent combination, rarely exhibited in a court of justice. Samuel Anderson purchased the plantation and slaves of the con-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

189

Shelton v. Tiffin et al.

plainant, for seventy-five thousand dollars. He gave up a n6te on L. P. Perry for thirteen thousand dollars, which was in fact the only payment of any value. The Mississippi note was worthless, and the mortgage debt he purchased, on a credit of twelve months, for five thousand dollars. He must have received more than that sum as the product of the plantation. So that in fact he acquired the plantation and negroes for fhirteen thousand dollars, which he purchased at seventy-five thousand dollars. By this operation he saved of the purchasemoney sixty-two thousand dollars. -Such a result must strike every one as having been procured through fraud..
It is unnecessary to consider the means through which Robert Anderson, the father of Samuel, and his uncle Shelton,, acquired title to the above property. The lien of the com'plainants' mortgage is paramount to any title or'lien which-
they assert. No deduction will bemade from the mortgage for the five
thousand dollars which Samuel Anderson may have paid to Mosely and Bouldin, under whose judgment he-purchased the mortgage debt. He has received .from the products of the plantation' while in possession of it-, more than that sum. But
if this'were not the case, his fraudulent act in the transfer of the Mississippi. note is a sufficient ground for the refusal of
the credit.
In-their decree, the Circuit Court- directed the sum of forty thousand dollars to be paid, with interest from the first day of January, 1842. In this the court erred. The three notes were. each for thirteen thousand three hundred and 'thirty-three dollars; the first being payable the first of January, 1842, the
second, the first of January, 1843, and the third, thb first of - January, 1844. The interest should have been calculated on the notes from the time they respectively became due. With this modification of the decree of the Circuit Court, a' decree will be-here bntered, to.be transmitted to the Circuit Court, and if the money shall not be.paid within ninety days from the filing of this-decree in the Circuit Court, the mortgage shall be foreclosed, and the complainants put in possession of the property.

Order.
This cause came on to be hehrd on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana, and, was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this court, that the said Circuit Court erred in directing the interest to be computed on -the($ 40,000) forty thousand dollars from the first day of January, 1842, instead of computing the interest on each of the three

190

SUPREME COURT.

Pease v. Dwight.

several notes for ($ 13,333-) thirteen thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three and a third cents from
the times the Said notes respectively became due; and that if
the money shall not be paid within ninety days from the filing
of the mandate of this court in the said Circuit Court, that then the said mortgage shall be foreclosed, and the complainants put inthe possession of the property, and that in that case the equity of redemption therein be for ever barred and precluded; and that if thesaid money, with interest as aforesaid, be duly paid as aforesaid, that then the said mortgage should be held discharged, and Nelson F. Shelton put in possession of the said property. Whereupon it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court -in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed, that each party pay his own costs in this court, and. -that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to.1the said Circuit Court, to
be proceeded with in conformity to" the opinion of this court,
and,as to law and' justice shall appertain.

WhLIAx T., PEASE. (mPLEADED WITH Jomr4 CHEsTER, AND TARLETON JoMs), PrAINTr x ERxoR, v. WiLwx DwIGRT.

Where a promissory note was payable to the order of several

tehoennsa, me

of one of whom was inserted by mistake, or imadvertenty left on when the

o notQ was indorsed and delivered by the real payees, one of whom was also the

maker of the note, the indorsee had a right to recover upon the note, although

the names of all the payees were not upon the indorsement, and had a right,

also, to prove the facts by evidence.

THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for theDistrict of Michigan.
On the Ist of January, 1837, the following promissory note
was executed.

Detroit, January.1, 1837.

Two years from date I. promise to pay to the order of

Walter Chester and Pease, Chesteri & Co. one thousand five

hundred dollars, for value received, at the Farmers and Me-

.,chanics' Bank of Michigan, with interest.

(Signed,)

JOHV CHESTER.

Indorsed by, Peas6, Chester, & Co., but not byWalter Ches-
ter. The firm of 'Pease, Chester, & Co. -was composed of Wil-
liam T. Pease (the plaintiff in error), John Chester, and Tarle-
ton Jones.

550

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

The West River. Bridge Company, Plaintiffs in error, V. The
Towns of Brattleboro' and Duinmerston, in the County of Windham, and Joseph Dix, Asa Boyden, and Phineas Underwood.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Supreme Court of Judicature of the State
of Vermont, and the Chancellor of the first Judicial Circuit of the said State of Vermont, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Supreme Court of Judicature and Chancellor of the first Judicial Circuit of the State- of Vhnont in this cause b~e and the same is hereby
affirmed, with costs.

CHARLES PATTERsoN, ArrELLANT, v. EDMUND P. GAINES AND WIFE.*
Te opinion of this court in the case of Gaines v. Relf and Chew, (2 Howard 619,) reviewed.
A court of eqtiity can decide the question whether or not a party is the heir of a deceased person. It is not necessary to send the issue of fact to be tried by a court of law.
Where a marriage took place in Pennsylvania, it must be proved by the laws of Pennsylvania. In that State it is a civil contract, to be completed by any words in the present tense, without regard to form. and every intendment is made in favor of legitimacy.
Where the complainant in a bill offers to receive an answer without oath, and the defendant accordingly filed the answer without oath, denying the allegations of the bill, the complainant is not put to the necessity, according to the general rule, of contradicting the answer by the evidence of two witnesses or of one witness with corroborating circumstances. The answer, being without oath, is not evidence, and the usual rule does not apply.
In this case, however, even if the answer had been under oath and had denied the allegations of the bill, yet there is sufficient matter in -the evidence of one witness, sustained by corroborating circumstances, to support the bill.
A marriage may be proved by any one who was present and can identify the parties. If the ceremony be performed by a person habited as a priest, and per verba de presenti, the person performing the ceremony must be presumed to have been a clergyman.
If the fact of marriage be proved, nothing can impup the legitimacy of the issue, short of the proof of facts showing it to be impossible that the husband could be the father.
By the laws of Louisiana ind Pennsylvania, a marriage between a woman and a man who had then anotheTr wife living was void, and the woman could marry again without waiting for a judicial sentence to be pronounced declaring the -marriage to be void.
If she does so marry again, and the validity of her second marriage be contested, upon the ground that she was unable to contract it because the first marriage was legal, it is not necessary for her to produce the record of the conviction of
* Mr. Chief Justice Taney did not sit in this cause, a near family relative being interested in the event.
Mr. Justice McLean did not sit in this cause. Mr. JustiCe Catron did not sit-in this cause, by reason of indisposition.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

551

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

her first husband for bigamy. The burden of proof lies upon those who make

these objections to the second marriage, and the declarations of the bigamist, that

he had a first wife living when he married the second, are evidenae.

When, in the progress of a suit in equity, a question of pedigree arises, anal there

is proof enough, in the opinion of the court, to establish the marri~e of the an-

cestor, the presumption of law is that a child born after the marriage is legiti-

mate, and it will be incumbent on him who denies it to disprove ita,lthoughin

so doing he may have to prove a negative.

s

Although the'general rule is that a person cannot he affected, much less convicted,

by any evidence, decree, or judgment to which he was not actually or in con-

sideration of law privy, yet it has been so fardeparted from as that wherever

reputation would be admissible evidence, there a verdict between strangers in a

former action is evidence also.

Although by the code of Louisiana a person holding property by sale from a

donee of an excessive donation is liable to the forced heir only after an execu-

tion first had against the property of the donee, yet this rule does not apply to

cases where the sale was made without any authority, j idicial or otherwise.

Where sales are made without this authority, the purchaser is presumed to have

notice of it. It is his duty to inquire whether or not the requisitions of law

were complied with.

The statute, of limitations which was in force when the suit was brought is that

which determines the right of a party to sue.

By the Louisiana code of 1808, a deceased person could not, in 1811, dispose of

more than one fifth of his property, when he had a child. The child is the

forced heir for the remaining four fifths.

Tis was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for East Louisiana.
It was a branch of the case of Gaines and Wife v. Chew and others, which is reported in 2 Howard, 619.
In the history of that case it is said (2 Howard, 627), that in 1836, Myra- (then Myra Whitney, and now Myra Gaines) "filed a joint.bill with her husband, in the Circuit Court> of
the United States for he District of Louisiana, against Relf and Chew, the executors in the will of 1811, the heirs of Mary
Clark, and all the purchasers and occupants of the estate of which Clark died in possesgion, tlaiming to be the heir and devisee of Clark, and calling upon them all to account for the rents and profits of the shveral portions of the estate."
The joint bill, thus filed against a number of persons, was treated differently by the respondents. Some pursued one course and some another. Relf and Chew, the executors, demurred generally, and upon the argument of"the demurrers,
some questions arose upon which, the judges differed in opinion. These questions were consequently certified to the
Supreme Cour, and the answers to them constitute the case
reported in 2 Howard, 6.19. Patterson was one of the occupants and purchasers of a part of the property of which Clark
died seized, and he chose to answer the bill. The proceedings
of the court under this answer are now under consideration. The history of Zuline Carriere, the mother of Mrs. Gaines,
is briefly given in 2 Howard, 620, and need -not be repeated, The facts are there stated, of her marriage.with a man by the

·552

SUPREM~E COURT. Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

name of De Grange; of her afterwards learning that De Grange had a foimer wife living; of her separation from him and
journey to New York to obtain proofs of this first marriage of De Grange; of De Grange's first wife arriving in New Orleans from France; of De Grange being committed to prison on a "charge of bigamy,, and subsequent escape from the country; of'Clark's mariage with Zuline in Philadelphia; of the birth of Myra, the complainant in the present suit; of Clark's placing her in the family of Mr. and Mrs. Davis; of the circumstances attending the making of the will of 1811; and some of the testimony relating to a subsequent will made in 1813, leaving all his property to his daughter Myra. The statement of. these things in '2 Howard is referred to, as being a more particular narrative than the mere outline which" is here given. We propose to take up the case where that 'report left it.
"The record in the present case was in a very confused con-
dition. Papers were misplaced, and the entire record of proceedings in the Court of Probates, from 1834 to June 8, 1836, was introduced as evidence by the defendant, Patterson, in the 6ircifit Court; and also the proceedings of that court at a much earlier date. From them the following facts appear.
Clark died on the 16th of August, 1813. On the 18th of August, two days afterwards, the -following petition was presented to.th6 Court of Probates.

To the Honorable the Judge of the Court' of Probates of the Parish of New Orleans.

The petition of Frafcisco Dusuan de Ia Croix, of this parish, planter,. respectfully shows:
That your petitioner has strong reasons to believe, and does verily believe, that the late Daniel Clark has made a testament or codicil,, posterior to that which has been opened before your honorable court, and in the dispositions whereof he thinks to be interested. And whereas- it is to be presumed that the double of this Jast will, whose- existence was known by several persons, might have been deposited with any notary public
of this city. Your petitioner, therefore, prays that it may please your
Hondr to order, as it is the. usupl practice in such cases, that every. notary public in -this city~appear before your honorable court within the delay of twenty-four hours, in order to certify on oath if there does or does not exist, in his' office, any testament or codicil, or any sealed packet, deposited by the' said la6"Daniel Clark.

And your petitioner, as in duty bound, will ever pray, &c.

(Signed;) "

D. SaEGREs,

Of Ceonsel for Ike Petitioner.

JANTYAItY .TARM, 1848.

553

.Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

Francisco Dusuan de la Croix, the above petitioner, maketh

oath that the material facts in the, abuve- petition set forth

are true, to the'best of his knowledge and belief.

(Signed,)

Dusuiu DE LA CROIX.

Sworn to before me, August 18th, 1813. THos, B.AL, Reg. Wills.

The court ordered the notaries of the city-to appear before it on the next day, when'seven appeared and deposed that no testament nor.codicil, nor sealed packet, had been deposited in their office by the late Daniel Clark,- nor had any deposition, . wTrrhies cwaiullsao,fb.e1e8n11mwadae bthyenhiamd.mitted to probate. It was as
follows: -

.Daniel Clark. In the name of God: I,. Daniel Clark, of

New. Orleans, do make this my last &ill and testament.

Imprimis. I order that all my just debts be paid.

Second. I leave and bequeathe unto my mother, Mary Clark,

now of Oermantown, in the State of Pennsylvania, all the

estate,: whether real or personal, which I may die possessed of.

Third. I hereby nominate my friends, Richard Relf aftd

Beverly Chew, my executori, with powei to settle every thing

relating to my estate.

(Signed,)

DAN=L CLAK.

Ne varietfir. New Orleans, 20th 3ky, .1811; J. PIToT, Jidge.

itters testamentary were grantd *to Reif on the 27th of

August, 1813, and to Chew on the 21st of January, 1814, the

latter being absent (ftom New Orleans at the time of. Clark's

death.

Davis .hadremoved to the North, with his.family, in 1812,

carrying with him Myra, who passed for his daughter and bore

his name.

Things remained in this condition until 1832, when Myra

married William Wallace Whitney, and about the time of l:ar

marriage became.acquainted with her true name and parentage.

In 1834, Whitney and wife commeneed a series of proceed-

ings in the Court of .Probates, which continued until the 8th

of June, 1836, when the court -dismissed their, petition. It

has been already stated, that this entire recbrd was introduced

into the case now under consideration by the defendant, Pat-

terson,, on the 1.3th of August, .1840. Many depositions were

taken, which constitute a.part of the mass of evidence .in the

case, althofigh some of the witnesses were reexamined under

-the authority of-a commission issuing from the Circuit Court

VOL. V1.

47

554

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

of the United States, after the filing of the bill. They who were thus reexamined were Harriet Smith, alias Harper, Madame Caillaret, the sister of Zuline, Belle Chasse, and De la Croix. They whose depositions were not taken-over again were Bois Fontaine, Mr. and Mrs. .Davis, Pitot, Derbigny, Madame Ben-
guerel, and Preval. The evidence of Madame Despau, another .sister of Zuline, was only taken once, and then under a commission issuing from the Circuit Court.
It is not necessary to give a particular narrative of the proceedings before -the 'Court of Probafes, from 1834 to June, 1836. They were commenced in March, 1834, by a ptition fied by. Charles W ..Shaumburg for letters of administratibn upon the estate of Clark, on 1he ground that the sudcessiori Was in an inclaimed and abd.ndoned condition, and that he had an interest in the settlement of the same. This petition was opposed: by Relf and Chew. On the 18th of June, 1834
Whitney and wife became parties, by filing a petition praying that the will of 1811 might be annulled and set aside, that
-Myra Clark Whitney might be declared to be the heir of Clark; -andthat Rif and Chew might..be ordered to deliver ov'er the estate to her, &c.
On tt~e 14th of Januuy, 1835, Relf and Chew filed an answer to this petition, denying that Myra had, any claim;
that Clark, was ever legally married, or that he ever had any legitimate offspring; and denying all the other allegations
generally.I In. the course of this Controversy many depositions were
taken. On the 8th-Qf June, 1836, the Cotirt of Probates pronounced.
its judgment, nonsuiting the plaintiffs. On the 28th of*July, 1836, Whitney and wife ified a bill on
the equity side of -the Circuit Court of the United States, against Relf and Chew; the executois under the will of 1811,against the heirs of Mary Clark, and all the occupants and purchasers of 'the estate of which "Claik died in possession. The bill charged that the will- of 1813 was fraudulently suppressed, that its existence and suppression were notorious, and that. all the pufchasers did, in their consciences, believe that the will of 1811. had beern fraudulentl.y.admitted to probate.. It moreover stated the whole case, of which an butline has been given, alleging, also, that the sales made by Reif and Chew were illegally made.
Relf and Chew demurred- generally- and also pleaded to the jurisdiction of the court. The proceedings in that branch of the case are set forth in 2 Howard, 619. Other defendants pursued other measures of defence, which it is-not now necessary
to mention.

JANUARY TERM, .1848.

555

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

On the 12ih of December, 1837., Whitney's death was suggested, and- the suit continued -in the name, of Myra alone.
Of the 24th of May, 1839, Edmund P. Gaines and Myra, his wife, filed.a supplemental bill, stating their intermarriage, and
praying that the suit might be continued in their joint names as complainants.
On.'the 18th of April, 1840; the complainants filed an amended bill, praying that Caroline de Grange,and her hus'band, John: Barnes, might be *made defendants to the original bill.
On the 21st of April, 1840, Patterson ified his answer, which was not under oath, but signed by his counsel-, in conformity with'the waiver of 'the complainats. The answer denied allright and title of the complainants in and to the following'
des*cribed. piece or lot of.ground situated on 'Philippa. Street, between Perdido and Poydras Streets. having front, on'Philippa Street, one hundred and. twenty-five feet French measure,' by seventy feet in depth, the -same being in a square of ground situated in Suburb St. Mary-, of this city, now the- second municipality of New'Orleans, and -bounded by. Philippa, Circus, Petdido, and Poydras Streets..
It alleged that.the property belonged to Clark in his lifetime, and was legaIly sold by. Relf -and 'Chew, his executors,and denied all the allegations f the bill.
On: the 25th of April, 1840, Patterson fied the following supplemental answer':-

"The supplemental answer of Charles Patterson, one of the defendants in the above-entitled suit, most resp~ctfully rep-
resents -
"That the property described in his original answer is ninety feet in depth, instead of severty-five, French measure, as therein stated, and .further represents that your'respondents ptirchased a part of said property from Gabriel Correjollas, and the remainder from Etienne. Meunier, and that the said Meunier purchased from the said. Correjollas, and the -said Correjollas purchased all the said property at an auctibn sale made in the yeat 1820 by the testamentary executoks of the late Daniel Clark, all of which facts will more fully appear from the four several copies .of the authentic.deed o sale hereunto annexed -as a part of this supplemental answef. And. this respondent .prays that this supplement be made a part of his original answer."

To this answer the deeds referred to were attached as exhibits.-

556

SUPREME COURT.

PiIa-tterson v. Gaines et ux.

As the claim of Mrs. Gaines in the present case was made, not as devisee under the will of 1813, but as forced heir under the .Civil Code of 1808, ch. 3, -see. 1, art. 19, whith pro-hibilts a testator from willing away more than one fift4 of his property if there is a legitimate -child. living at the time of his death, it is only necessary to insert in this stitement sich of the depositions as have a bearing upon the marriage 6f Clark,.and the consequent legitimacy of his daughtepMUrra.
Madame Despau and Madame Caillaret were sisters of Zuline, and examined under a.commission, issuing from the United
States court.
Their evidence was as follows.

Interrogatories to be propounded, on behalf of Complainantn, to John Sibley, Madame Caillaret, Madame- Despau, and Mrs. Eliza Clark.
1st. Were you, or not, acquainted with the lite Daniel Clark of 'New Orleans?
2d. Was the said Daniel -Clark ever married?, if so, when and to whom, and was there any issue of said figriage ? State all you may know or have heard of said Clark upon this subject. .
3d. Were you acquainted with a man in New Orleabs by the name of De Grange? if so, when and where have you known him'? Was he, or not, married when he first came to New Orleans, and did he, or not, so continue until after he finally left it? State all you may know or have heard touching this subject.
4th. If you, know any thing further material to the complainants in the controversy, state it.
Cross-interrogatories.
1. Will you and each of you' answering any interrogatories of the complainants state your age, employment, and present residence, and if a married womah state your maiden name; and if married, more than once state the names of y6,ur husbands, and by whom and when and where you resided during each year from 1810 to 1814?'
2. If you answer the first interrogatory in. chief affirmatively, state how that acquaintance, originated. When and where did 'you first see Mr. Daniel Clark? Was your acquaintance with him intimate or not? Was it ever interrupted,..and-J so, for 'what- reason? Did it *continue uninterrupted -Tuntfl the death of Mr. Clark, and if so,'how long a period did it embrace? Do you say that your intimacy with Mr. Clark was of such a nature as to enable you. to become acquainted with

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

557

Patterson v. G-aines et ux.

events in hik life which were not-disclosed to the entire circle of his 'acquaintance ? and if so, have you a distinct recollection.of any such event or events? and state the circumstances Which strengthen your memory on this poi.nt.
3. Will you state where Mr. Clark resided when in New Orleans? Do you recollect the street and the house? Did he
board or keep-house? If he boarded, did he also lodge at the same house,.and if so, who was the keeper of this hQuse, and what was his or her general character? If he had a house, did he have a housekeeper, and if so, what was his or her general .character)- *Did he reside in New Orleans during the summer months, and if not, where did he go? At whose house did he stop, or whom did he visit? and state what you knQw of the
people whom he visited, and his own standing in society. 4. If, in answering the second interrogatory, you say that
Mr. Daniel Clark was ever married, state when, where, and to whom. By what- priest, clergyman, or magistratej and who were the witnesses present? Were you among the witnesses? What other witnesses were present -with you? 'Did you ever see the lady whom you say Mr. Clark married, and if so, what was her personal appearance, her age, and name, and, family?
Where did she reside beforq the time yousay she was married . to"Mr. Clark? How long did you know her before that time-? Or were you acquainted with her until then? Did not' Mr. Clark introduce her to you? State particularly every thing-you
know in regard to the.connection of Mr. Clark with the lady whom you call his wife, and state if,she was ever married biefore or after -the time you say she was married to Mr. Clark; if so, when, where, and to whom ?
5. Did you ever know that there was any issue 6f said smpposed marriage? if so, Who told you? State your means of knowing any thing about this circumstahee. What was the:-
name, agie, sex, and the'time of the bfi th of the child whose father you. say was Mr. Clark? Do you know who nursed and *reared this child, and if so, wrho was the nurse? State, if you please, if you saw the mother shortly after this child was born,
and if so, where was she? Did she reside then at the house of Mr. Clark, and if not, why not, and where 'did she reside ? Did Mr. Clark live with her at this time, and were they known generally to the neighbours as man and wife? " 6. Was this supposed marriage of Mr. Clark's (if you say he ever was married) public or lrivate ?I If public, did Mr..
Clark introduce his wife to his friends and acquaintances in New Orleans? And if she was not introduced, state why she was not. Or was his marriage private? If so, why was it private?. And what circumstances could, or did, probably
4$7*

5SUPREME

COURT.

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

induce him, to keep that marriage secret from his friends and
the public ? 7. Do you know Myra C. Whitney, one of the complainants
in this controversy? If so, how long have you been ac-
quainted with her? Did either .of the complainants inform
you, by letter or otherwise, that your testimony 'wouldbe -important to them in this suit? and if so, on What points did they
wish you to be prepared ? 8. If, in answering the third interrogatory, you say that you
were 'acquainted with a man in New Orleans by the name of De Grange, state, if .you please, where and when you first
became, acquainted with him, in what Year. Were you intimate with him, and if so, did this intimacy continue-without
interruption ? Was. he born in the city of New Orleans? and
if not, where was he born, and how long did he remain in said city? What was his employment? Was he -married in New Orleans, or where was. he married? Were you present at his
marriage ? and if so, state when and by whom he was married.
Have you ever seen his wife, and if so, what was her personal appearance and age, and what was her name prior to her marriage with De Grange? Did you ever see De Grange's wife
and the lady whom. you say Mr. Clark married in company together? if so, when and where, and how often? State partidularly every thing, you know touching said De Grange, his wife, and their connection or relation with Mr. Clark.
9. 'Did you ever, or not, hear Mr. Clark acknowledge that he
had any natural children in ,New- Orleans ? and particularly,
did you ever, or not, hear him acknowledge two female children, -the one named Caroline and the other named Myra? And is, or not, that Myra one of the complainants in this case? Did you ever hear him say that he intended to leave by will money
or property enough to Myra to take the stain off her birth ?
If you heard him -use such expressions, or those of a similar character, state what you suppose he meant by taking off the
stain from the birth of his own legitimate daughter. 10. Will you state who was the mother of the complainant,
Myra? And did the mother nurse Myra? if not, why not? Who did nurse her? Did her mother die, and leave-her an infant, or was she too sick-and too feeble to nurse that child?
Did the mother of Myra, the complainant, nurse and raise her, or not? If not, who did? Mention particularly any and all the circumstances on which you found your opinion.
11. If you know when the complainant Myra was born, state the precise date and place, and state -if you know by whom and where she -was raised, and whose name she bore,
and why she bore that name.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

559

Patterson v.. Gaines et ux.

'12. State, if you please, what are your feelings and affections towards the complainants ; whether you are related to or connected with either of them; and if you are, how and in what degree or way, and whether you have any interest in the event of this suit.
13. Will bach one of you, answering any of these direct or cross interrogatories, state whether you have seen or examined, read or heard read, any one of them, or copies of them, at any time or place, bef6re you were called upon by the commission.er to answer them? If ay, state when, where, and by whom they were thus so" shown or read to or by you, and for what purpose. State, also, each one of you, whether you have had any conversation or correspondence, within the last three or four Yeais, with the complainants, -or with either of them, respecting their supposed. claims against the estate of Daniel Clark,. and if you.answer affirmatively, state why, when, and where such conversation or correspondence occurred, and the nature and amount of them so far as your memory will serve you; and wi o was present at such conversations. If you have any letters from the domplainants, or from either of them, on the matters 'referrcd to in these direct and cross interrogatories, annex them to your answers if possible,; and if not possible, -state why. If you have preserved and cannot .annex them, give true extracts from them, and f that, be not possible, state your recollections.
14. 'What is your maternal language? If not English, do you understand that language perfectly? -And if'you do not understand English, how have you contrived to answer the
foregoing chief and cross interrogatories? Who has translated them to you?
Answers of Mladame Despau.
Answer to the first interrogatory.
I-was well acquainted with. the late Daniel Clark of New
Orleans.
Answer.to the second interrogatory.
Daniel Clark wag married in Philadelphia,.in 1803, by a Catholic priest. 1 was present at this mnarriage. One child was born of that marriage, to wit, Myra Clark, who married William Wallace Whitney, son of General .T. Whitney of the State of New York. I was preserit at 'her birth, and knew that Mr. Clark claimed and acknowledged her to be his child. She was born in '1806. I neither knew, nor had any reason to believe, any other child besides Myra was born of -that marriage. The circumstances of her marriage with Daniel Clark

560

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

were these. Several years after hdr marriage with Mr. De Grange she heard-that he had a living wife. Our family charged him with the crime of bigamy in marrying the said Zuline; he at first denied it, but afterwards admitted it, and fted from the country; these circumstai ces became public, ard Mr. 'Clark made proposals of marriage to, my sister, with th6 knowledge of all our family. It was considered essenhial, first, to obtain record proof of De Grange having a. living wife at the time he married my sister, to obtain which from the records of the Catholic church in New York (where Mr. De Grange's prior marriage was celebrated) we sailed for that city. On our arrivvl there, we found that the registry of marriages had been destroyed. .,Mr. Clark arrived after us. We heard that a Mr. Gardette, then living in Philadelphia, was one of the witnesses of Mr. De Grange's prior marriage. We proceeded to that city, and found Mr. Gardette; he answered, that he was present -at said prior marriage of De Grange,. and that he afterwards 'knew De Grange and his wife by-this marriage, -that this wife had sailed for France. Mr. Clark then said, "You have no
reason longer-to refuse being married to me. It will, however, be necessary to keep our marriage secret till I have obtained judicial proof of the nullity of your and De Graiige's marriage." They, the said Clark and the said Zuline, were then married.
Soon afterwards, our sister, Madame Caillaret, wrote to us from New Orleans that-De Grange's wife whom, he had -married prior to marrying the said Zuline, had arrived at New Orleans. We ihhsteued our return to New Orleans. He was prosecutdd
for bigamy, -Father Antoine of the Catholic church in New Orleans taking part in "the proceedings against De Grange. Mr. De Grange. was condemned for bigamy in marrying the said Zuline, and was cast into .prison, from which he secretly escaped by connivance, and was taken down the Mississippi River by Mr. Le Briten d'Orgeiois,- where he' got to a vessel, escaped from the country, and, according to the best of my knowledge andjbelief, never afterwards returned to Louisiana; this happened in 1803, not a .great while before the close of the Spanish government in Louisiana. Mr. Clark told us that, before he. could promulgate his marriage with my sister, it would be fiecessary'that there should be brought by her an acti6nt against the hame of De.Grange. The anticipated change - of government crbated delay, but at - length, in 1806, Messrs. James Brown and Eligeas Fromentin, as the counsel of my sister, brought suit against" the nami .of Jerome de Grange in the city court, I think, of New 0rleans. The grounds of said suit were, that said De- Grange had. imposed himself in.marriage upon her at a time when he had living a lawful wife.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

561

Patterson-v. Gaines et ux.

Judgment in said suit was rendered against said De Grange..

Mr. Clark still continued to defer 'promulgating his marriage

with my sister, which very much fretted and irritated her feel-

ings. Mr. Clark became a member of the United States Con-

gress.in 1806. While. he was in Congress, my sister heard

that he was courting Miss -- * of Baltiniore. She was dis-

tressed, though she could not believe the report, knowing her-

self to be his wife; still, his strange conduct in deferring to

promulgate his marriage with her had alarmed her; she and I

sailed for Philadelphia, to get the proof of his marriage with

my sister. We could find no record, and were told that the

priest who married her and Mr. Clark ivas gone to .Ireland.

My sister then sent for Mr. Daniel W. Coxe, and mentioned to

him the rumor. He answered, that he knew it t6 be true tliat

he (Clark) was engaged to her. My sister replied, it could not

be so. He then told'her that she would not be able to'establish.

h~r marriage with -Mr. Clark, if he were disposed to contest it.

He advised her to take couhnsel, and said he Would send one; a

Mr. Smythe came, and told my sister that she could not legally

establish her marriage with- Mr. Clark, and pretended to read

to her a letter in English (a language then unknown to my

sister) -rom Mr. Clark to Mr. Coxe, stating that he was about

to marry Miss -

In consequence of this information, my.

sister- Zuline came to the resolution of having no further

communication or intercourse with Mr. Clark, and soon after-

wards married Mr. Gardette of Philadelphia.

Answer to the third interrogatory.
I became acquainted with Mr. Jerome de Grange in 1793, when, as I understood, he first cameL to New Orleans. He was a .nobleman by birth, and passed for a single or .uimarried man; and courted and married Zuline, nie De Carrier e, at the age of thirteen, the same who is the mother of Myra Clark Whitney. Zuline had-two hildren by him, a boy and a girl; the-boy died; the girl Is still living, her name is Caroline; :he is married to a physician by the name of Barnes. I was present at the birth of these children.

Answer to the fourth interrogatory. I am not aware of knowing other important matter to the complainants in this cause.
Answer to the first cross-interrogatory. My name is Sophie Veuve Despau, n6efDe Carriere. . My deceased husband'was a planter. I was born in.Louisiana. My

* The name is omitted by the Reporter.

562

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

age is sixty-two. I now reside in Beloxi; from 1800 to 1814, I resided in Louisiana, in Philadelphia, and in Cuba.
Answer to the second cross-interrogatory.
I first knew Daniel Clark in New Orleans; his being the husband of my sister, Zuline de Carriere, placed me on a footing of intimacy with him during the time of their intercourse; that intimacy was afterwards interrupted by their separation.
Answer to the third cross-interrogatory.
I had reason to know that Mr. Clark, at different tines, lived in different houses in New Orleans. I have before said that he did not give publicity to his marriage with said Zuline. He kept a very handsome establishment for her in New Orleans, and was in the habit of visiting her.

Answer to the fourth cross -interrogatory.
I have already stated that Mr., Clark was married, to my sister, Zuline de Carriere, that I was present at her marriage (a private one), in Philadelphia. Besides myself, Mr. Dorvier of New Orleans, and an Irish gentleman, a friend of Mr. Clark's, from New York, were present at his marriage. A Catholic priest performed the marriage ceremony. I have already before stated, that Zuline was married to Mr. Jerome de Grange before her marriage with Mr. Clark, and that thereafter-she was married to Mr. Gardette of Philadelphia.
Answer to the fifth cross-interrogatory.
I have already stated that I knew Myra Clark to be the issue, and the only issue, of the marriage of Zuliue de Carriere and Daniel Clark. A few days after the birth of Myra Clark, she was placed by her father under the care of Mrs. Davis, the wife of Colonel S. B. Davis, with whom she lived until -her marriage with Mr. Whitney. I have heard that Colonel Davis concealed from the said Myra her true history, and that she bore his name after her father's death. Zuline and Mr. Clark occupied different houses in New Orleans, but he always visited her, as heretofore mentioned, at her own house; their marriage was known only to a few friends; M-r. Clark told me that he had informed Colonel S. B. Davis, Mr. Daniel W. Coxe, and Mr. Richard Relf; of his marriage with my sister Zuline.
Answer to the sixth cross-interrogatory.
I always understood and believed, at least for the first years of his marriage, that Mr. Clark was prevented from making it public on account of. her unfortunate marriage with Mr. De Grange. His pride was great, and his standing was of the

JANUARY TEAIK 1848.

50

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.,

highest order in society, and that pride might have suggested his opposition to the promulgation of his marriage. He, however, always manifested by his conversations, which I frequently heard, thb greatest affection for his daughter Myra,

Answer to the seventh cross-interrogatory.
I have already stated my knowledge of Myra Clark Whitney from her birth. As I never made any secret of my knowledge of her being the daughter of Daniel Clark, nothing was more likely than she and her late husband should hear of my acquaintarice with her parentage, and many circumstances connected with it, as already related. And on this it was, I presume, that I have been called, upon to. give testimony in this affair. But neither of -them, nor any body else, ever dared to ask of me any declarations in the least inconsistent with truth and justice.

Answer to the eighth cross-interrogatory,
I have already in my formqer answers stated, particularly the third and fourth, my knowledge of Jerome de Grange, and of his'first and second marriages. Before the detection of his bigamy, said Zifline had a son who -died, and a daughter called Caroline, which bore his name. Since the death, of
Mr. Daniel Clark, Mr. Daniel W. Coxe and Mr. Hulings of Philadelphia gave her the name of Caroline Clark, and took her to Mr. Clark's mother, and introduced her as the daughter of her. son. She of course believed their story, which induced her, in her will, to leave a portion of her property to Caroline. Caroline was born in 1801. I. was present at her birth, as well as that of her brother.

Answer to the ninth cross-interrogatory.
I never'heard Mr. Clark acknowledge his having any natural children, but have only heard him acknowledge one' ciild, and that a lawful one, to wit, said Myra.

Answer to the tenth cross-interrogatory.
I have blready given a full account of the mother of Myra, and of, Myra herself, and her being with Mrs. Davis . I have stated all that I know of these matters, as called for by this interrogatory.

Answer to the eleventh cross-interrogstory.
The information called for by this interrogatory bis aleady been given.

564

SUPREME. COURT.

Patterson v. Gain'es et ux.

Answer to the twelfth cross-interrogatory.
.1 have already before stated myself to bethe sister of :Nyra's mother. My feelings towards Myra are those bf friendship and all becoming regard. I wish, howevei, that justice only -be done towards her, but' in or by the issue of the suit I have nothing to gain or lose.

Answer to the thirteenth cxoss-interrogatory.
I have never jeen or heard read the interrogatories or crossinterrogatories referred to, before called upon to answer them. Any conversations that I have had about this affair I have already given an account of.

Answer to the fourteenth cross-interrogatory.

My natural language is French; but my nephew is well ac-

quainted with the English language, and when in need of.a

translator, I apply to him.

(Signed,)

SOPHIE VE. D.ESPAU, NIAE DE CAIrIEPX.

Which answers, being reduced to writing, have been signed

and sworn to in my presence, this twenty-eighth day of June,

A. D. 1839. In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my

hand and seal, this the day and year above written.

(Signed,)

HoLMES P. WENTZELL,

. P. A.C. [L. s.]

One word erased on third page, also one word on fourth

page,; two words interlined on fourth page; twenty-five words

,erased on fifth page; one word interlined on sixth page, before

signing.

(Signed,)

H. P. WEN'TZELL,

J. P. H. C. [L. s.]

W. W. WHIThEY and MY.A'C. WHITNEY

RICIARD RFLF, BEVERLY CHEW, and others. In pursuance of the annexed commission, issued from the
United States Circuit Court of the Easter.n District of Louisiana, 1, the undersigned, justice of the peace in Hancock county, State of Mississippi, have caused to come before me Madame Rose Yve. Caillaret, n6e De Carriere, who being duly sworn to declare the tiruth on the, questions put to her in this cause, in,answer to the interrogatories annexed to said commission, says: -
Answer to the first interrogatory.
I was well acquainted with the late Daniel Clark, of New Orleans.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

565

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

Answer to the second interrogatbry.
I was not present at the -marriage of Zuliue, n~e De Carriere, who is my sister, with Daniel Clark, but I do know that said Clark made proposals of marriage for my sister, and subsequently said Zuline wrote to nue that she and said Clark were married. ".Mr. Clark's proposals of marriage were made after it became known that her marriage with Mr. De Grange was void, from the fact of his having then, and at the time of his marrying her, a living wife; these proposals were deferred being accepted till the record proof of De.Grange's said previms marriage could be obtained, and said Zuline, with her sister, Madame Despau, sailed for the North of the United
States, to obtain the record proof.
Answer to the third interrogatory.
I was acquainted with Mr. De Grange in New Orleans.. He was considered an unmarried man on coming to New Orleans, and as such imposed on my sister Zuline to marry him; but it was afterwards proved he had a lawful wife still living. After this imposition of said De Grafige, his said lawful wife came to New Orleans, and detected and exposed his bigamy in marrying the said Zuline, when he had a. living and lawful wife at and before the time of his marrying Zuline. He was prosecuted, condemned, and cast into .prison, and escaped privately from prison. He escaped from Louisiana, as it was reported, by the Spanish- governor's connivance. Le -Breton d'Orgenois was said to aid De Grange, in getting him off. This happened some time'before the Americans took possession of New Orleans. ir. Clark's marriage with my sister Zuline was after the detection of De Grange's bigamy. The birth of their daughter, Myra Clark, was some years after the marriage.

Answer to the fourth interrogatory.
I am not aware of. knowing any thing more of importance in this suit, except the marriage of said Zuline with .Mr. Gardette, of Philadelphia, before the death of Mr. Clark.

Answer to the first cross-interrogatory..
My name is Rose Veuve Caillaret, ne De Carriere. My age is sixty-eight years. I was born in Louisiana, and resided -some time in France after this marriage of Zuline and Mr. Clark, and after that resided in the State of Mississippi.

Answer to the second cross-interrogatory.

I became acquainted 'with Mr. Clark in New Orleans. In

consequence of his attachment and marriage to my sister Zu-"

VOL. VI.

48

66

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson v. Gaines'et ux.

line, an intimacy subsisted between him and myself. Our friendly intercourse continued during my residence in Nei. Orleans.
Answer to the third cross-interrogatory.
When I resided in New Orleans, Mr. Clark lived in his 6wn houses, with his own slaves to wait upon him. He had the reputation of being a man of immense wealth. He stood at the head of society, was considered a man of very great talents, and much beloved for his benevolence.
Answer to the fourth cross-interiogatory.
I have already stated all I knew about Mr. Clark's marriage with Zuline, and of her marriage with De Grange.- By this marriage she had two children, a boy-and a girl. The boy is dead, the girl is still living; her name is Caroline, and she is married to Dr. Baines. I have already stated that said Zuline also married Mr. Gardette.
Answer to the fifth cross-interrogatory.
It is to my knowledge, -that Myra Clark, who married M. Whitney, ist-he child, and'only child, of'Mr. Clark by Zuline. de Carriere. It is to my knowledge, that Mr. Clark put his daughter Myra under th6 chgge of Mrs.. Davis. Mr. Clark acknowledged to me that Myra was his lawful and only child. Mrs. William Harper nursed her for some time from kindness. Mr. Clark's gratitude towards this lady, for nursing his child, lasted with his life. Said Myra was brought upand educated .inthe family of .Colonel Davis, and supposed herself their child until within a few months of her marriage with Mr. Whitney.
Answer to the sixth cross-ifiterrogatory.
I always heard that Mr. Clark's marriage with Zuline was' private, and that he. did not promulgate it, unless he did so in his last will, made -alittle before his -death, and lost or purloined after his death. Re never explained to me his reasons for not publishing his marriage.in his lifetime.
Answer to the seventh cross-interrogatory.
I have known Myra Clark Whitney for some years, making no secrdt about my knowledge I possessed ofithe matters of which I have herein spoken, and it being known that I was an elder sister of Zuline. de Carriere. Therefore it was, I suppose, that I have been called on to testify in this cause; but no one has ever taken the liberty to intimate a wish for me to declare any thing but the truth.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

567

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

Answer to the eighth cross-interrogatory.
I have already said all-I know about Mr. De Grange.
Answer to the ninth cross-interrogatory.
1 never heard Mr. Clark make any acknowledgment of his having any natural children; and I never heard of his. having another child than Myra Clark Whitney, and which Mr. Clark informed me was his lawful child.

Answer to the ienth cross-interrogatory.
I have already stated all I know as to the parentage and nursing and educatiton of Myra Clark.
Answer to the eleventh cross-interrogatory.
I have already stated all I know about the parentage and name of Myra Clark, except that I have heard that after her father's death she was called Myra Davis.
Answer to the twelfth cross-interrogatory.
My feelings are friendly and kind towards Myra Clark Whitney, and I wish her such success only in her suit as is compatible with justice. I have no interest in the issue of it.
Answer to the thirteenth cross-interrogatory. I[have never seen the interrogatories put to me until called upon to answer them. I have already stated all I have to say about my conversations. I am not aware of ever having any correspondence with either of them on this subject.

Answer to the fourteenth cross-interrogatory.

French is my mother tongue, but my son is well acquainted

with the English language, and when in need of a translator, I

apply to him.

(Signed,)

YnuvE CAmLA ET, xPE RosE CAi i .

As the opinion of the court refers also to the evidence of Bois Fontaine, it is deemed proper to insert it.

Interrogatoriesand Answers of PierreBaron Bois Fontaine. WM. WALLAcE WHrrNEY and MYmR C., his wife, Court of

P. O'BEA.RI and others.

Probates.

Interrogatories to be propounded to Witnesses on Behalf of the Plaintiffs.
1st. Were you acquainted with the late Daniel Clark, deceased, of:New Orleans? If so, were you at any time on terms of intimacy with him?

. 568

SUPREME COURT.

Patters.on v. Gaines et ux.

2d. Did the said Daniel Clark leave at his death acv child

acknowledged by him as his own? If so, state the name of

such child, whether such child is still living, and if living,

what name it now bears; as also state when and where,,and

in what times, said acknowledgment of said child was made.

3d. Have' you any knowledge of a will, said to have been

executed by said Clark shortly before his decease? Did you

ever -read or see the said will, or did Daniel Clark ever tell you

that he was making said will, or had made said will? If so,

at what time and place, and if more than- once, state how

often, and when and where.

4th. If you answer the last question affirmatively, state

whether the said Daniel Clark ever declared to you, or to any

one in your presence, the c'ontents of said will. And if so,

state the wrhole of said declarations, and the time, place, and

manner in which they were made, before whom, and. all the

circumstances which occurred when such declaration was

made.

5th. State how long before his death you saw the said Dan-

iel Clark, for the last time, how long before his death- le

spoke of his last will, and what he said in relation to his afore-

said child.

6th.: State whether you evex heard any one say he had read

the said will. If sc, state whom, what *as said, and whether

the said person is now living, or not.

(Signed,)

WM. M. WORTEaNGTON,

For Plaintif.

Oross-examined.

1st. Each witness examined, and answering any one of the foregoing interrogatories,,is desired to-state his name, age, residence, and employment; and whether he is in any manner connected with, or related to, any of the parties to the suit, or has any interest in the event of the same.
2d. How long did you know Daniel Clark, and under what circumstances ? And if you presume to state that Daniel Clark left any child, at his decease, state who was the mother of-said. child, and who was the husband of that mother. State all the circumstances, fully and in, detail, and whether said Clark was ever married, and if so, to whom, when, and where.
3d. If .said Clark ever acknowledged to you, that he supposed himself to be the father of a , child, state when and where he made such an acknowledgment, and all the circumstances of the recognition of such a child or children, and whether the act was public or private.
4th. Did said Clark consider you as an intimate friend, to

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

569

Patterson -v.Gaines et ux.

whom he might confide communications so confidential as

those relating to his will?. If ay, state what -you know, of

your own personal knowledge, of the contents of said will,

and be careful to.distinguish between what you state of your

own knowledge, and what from hearsay.

The defendants propound the foregoing interrogatories; with

a full reservation of all legal exceptions to the interrogatories

in chief, the same not being pertinent to the issue, and the last

of said interrogatories being calculated merely to draw from the

witness hearsay declarations.

(Signed,)

L. C. DuNcAN,

For Defendants.

In pursuance of the annexed commission, directed to me, the undersigned, justice of the peace, personally appeared Pierre Baron Bois Fontaine, who being duly sworn to declare. the truth on the questions put to him in this cause, in answer to the foregoing interrogatories, says: -

1st. In reply to the first interrogatory he answers, -I was. acquainted with the late Daniel Clark of New Orleans, and was many years intimate with him.
2d. In reply to the second interrogatory he answers, -Mr. Clark left at his death a daughter named Myra, whom he acknowledged as his own, before and after her birth, and as., long as he lived. In my presence he spole of the necessary preparation for her birth, in my presence asked my.brother's wife to be present at her birth, and in-my presence he proposed to my sister and brother-in-law, Mr. S. B. Davis, that they
should take the dare of.her after -her birth. After her birth he 'acknowledged her to me as his own, constantly, and at various places. He was very fond of her, and seemed to take pleasure
in talking to me about her. When he communicated to me that he was making his last
will, he told me he should a~knowledge her in it as his legitimate daughter. The day before he died, he spoke of her with
great affection, and as being left -his estate in his last will. The day he died, he spoke of her with the interest of a dying paient, as heir of his estate in his last Will. She is still living, and is now the wife of William Wallace Whitney.
3d. In reply to the third-interrogatory he answersy- About fifteen days before Mr. Clark's death I was present at his house, when he handed to Chevalier de la Croix a sealed packet, and told him that his last will was finished, and was in that sealed 'packet.- About ten days.before this, he had told me that it was dohe. Previous to this, comimencing about four inonths before his death, he had often told me that he was making his last
48 *

570

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

will. .He said this in conversation with me on'the plantation,
and at his house; and I heard -him mention this subject at -Judge. Pitot's. I frequently dined at Judge Pitot's with Mr. Clark on Sundays. The day before he died, he told me thaf his last will was below, in his office-room, in his little black case. The day he died, he mentioned his last will to re.
4th. In reply to the fourth interrogatory, he answersi - I was present at Mr. Clark's house about fifteen days before his death; when he took from a small black case a sealed packet, .handed it to Chevalier de la Croix, and said, "My last will is finished; it is in this sealed packet,. with yaluable papers; as you consen'ted, I have made you in it tutor to my daughter. V any misfortime happens to me, will- you do for her all you promised me? Will you take her at once from Mr. Dkvis? I have given her all my estate iii my will, an annuity to my mother, and some legacies to friends. You, Pitot, and Belle Chasse, are the executors." About ten days before this, Mr. Clark, talking of Myra, said that his will was done.
Previous to this he often told me, commencing about four months before his death, that he was making his last will. In these conversations he told me that in his will he should acknowledge his daughter Myra as his legitimate daughter, and give her all his property. He told me that Chevalier de la Croix had consented to be her tutor in his will, and had promised, if he died before doing it, to go at once to 'the North, and take her from Mr. Davis. That she was to be educated in Europe. He told me that Chevalier de la Croix, Judge Pitot, and Colonel Belle Chasse were to be executors in his willi Two or three days hefore his death; I came to see Mr; Clark on plantation business; he told me he felt quite ill. I asked him if I should remain: with him. He answered that he wished me to. I went to the plantation to set things in order, that I might stay with Mr. Clark, and returned, the -same day to Mr. Clark, and stayed with him constantly till he died. The day before he died, Mr. Clark, speaking of his daughter Myra, told. me that his last will was in his office-room below, in the little black case,; that he could die contented, as he had insured his estate to her in the will. He mentioned 'his pleasure that he had made his mother comfortable Ly an annuity in it, and remembered some f'iends by legacies.
He told me how well satisfied he was that Chevalier de la Croix, Judge Pitot, and Belle Chasse were executors in it, and Chevalier.de la Croix- Myra's tutor. About two hours before his death, Mr. Clark showed strong feelings for said. Myra, and told me that he wished his will to be taken to Chevalier de ]a Croix, as he was her tutor, as well as one of the executors

-JANUARY TERM? 1848.

571

Pitterozi... Gaines et ui.

in it; and just afterwards Mr. Clark told Lubin,.his confidential ser.ant, to be sure, as soon as he died, to carry his. little black case to Chevalier'de la Croix.
After this, and a very short time before Mi. Clark died, I saw Mr. Relf take a bundle of keys from Mr. Clark's armoire,. one of which, I beli6ve, opened the little black case. I had seen Mr. Clark open-it very often.
After taking these keys from the .armoire,Mr. Relf went below. When I went below, I did not see Mr. Relf, and the office-room door was shut. Lubin told me that when Mr. Relf went down with the keys from the armoire,-hefollowed, saw
him there on getting down go into the office-room, and that. M'. Relf on going into the office-ropm locked the office-room door. Almost Mr.. Clark's last words were, that his last will Xnust be taken care of on said Myra's account.
5th. In reply :to the fifth interrogatory, he answers, - I was.
with Mr. Clark when le died; I was by him constantly for the last two days of his life. About two hours before he died, he spoke of his last will and his daughter Myra in connecti6n, and almost his last words were about her, and that this will must.
be taken care of on her account. 6ih. In reply to the sixth interrogatory, he answers,.- When,
after Mr. Clark's death, the disappearance of his last will was the subject of conversation, I related what Mr. Clark told me about his last will in his last -sickness. Judge Pitot and John Lynd told me that they. read it not many days before Mr. Clark's last sickness ; that its contents corresponded with what Mr. Clark had told me about it ; .that when they read it, it was 'finished, was dated, and-signed by Mr. Clark; was an olographic will; was in Mr. Clark's. handwriting; that in it he acknowledged the said Myra as his legitimate daughter, and bequeathed all his estate to her, gave an anfuity to his mother, and legacies to some friends. · The Qhevalier de la Croix was tutor of
said Myra, his daughter; Chevalier de la Croix, Colonel Belle Chasse, Judge. Pitot, were executors ;-Judge Pitot an& Jotm Lynd are dead. The wife of William Harper told me she read it; Colonel Belle-Chasse told. nie that Mr. 'Claik showed'it tj6
him not many days before his last sickness; that it was thenfinished. - Colonel Belle Chasse and the lady, who was Madame Harper, are living.-
In reply to the first cross-interrogatory, he -answers, -My name is Pierre Baron Bois Fontaine, my age about fifty-eight. I have been some: time in Madisonville; the place of my family abode is near New Orleans, opposite side of the river. I was eight years in the British army. I was several years agent for Mr. Clark's. plantations; since his-death, I have bebn en-

SUPREME COURT.
Patterson v. Gaines at ux.
gaged in various objects. I now possess a house and lots, and derive my revenue from my slaves,, cows, &c. I am in no manner connected with, or related to, ny of the parties of this suit; I have no interest in this suit.
In reply to the second cross-interrogatory, he answers, -I knew Daniel Clark between nine and ten years; I knew him as the father of Myra Clark; she was born in my house, and was put by Mr. Clark, when a few days old, with my sister and brother-in-law, Samuel B. Davis. I was Mr. Clark's agent for his vafious plantations, - firsi, the Sligo and the Desert, then the Houmas, the Havana Point, and when he died, of the 'one he purchased of Stephen Henderson. He respected our misfortunes, knowing that our family was rich and of the highest standing in St. Doming6 before the Revolution. The mother of Myra Clark was a lady of the Carriere family. Not being present at any-marriage, I can only declare it as my belief, Mr. Clark was her husband. To -answer this question in detail, as is demanded, it is necessary that I state what was communicated to me. It was represented to me that this lady married Mr. De Grange in good faith, but it was found out some time afterwards that he already had a livipg wife, when the lady n~e Carriere 'separated from him. Mr. Clark some time after this married her at the North. When the time arrived .for it to be made public, interested persons had produced a false state of things between them, and this lady being in Philadelphia, and Mr. Clark not there, was persuaded by a -lawyer employed, that' her marriage with Kr. Clark was invalid, which believing, she married Monsieur Gardette. Some time, afterwards, Mr. Clark lamented to me that this barrier to making his marriage public had been created. He spoke to me of -his daughter Myra Clark from the first as legitimate, and when he made known to me he was making his last will, he said to me that he should declare her in it as his legitimate daughter. From the above I belieVe there was a marriage.
In reply to the third cross-interrogatory, he answers, -Mr. Clark made no question on this subject before and after her birth; and as long as he lived he exercised the authority of a parent over her destiny. He was a very fond parent; he sustained the house of Mr. Davis and Mir. Harper, because my sister had her in care, and Mrs. Harper suckled her. He sustAined Harper as.long as he lived, and conferred great benefits gn my brother-in-law. He spoke of her mother with great respect, and frequently told me after her marfiage with Mr. Gardette, that he would have made his marriage with her public, -if-that barrier had not been made, and frequently lamented

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

573

Patterson v. Gaines et "ux.

to me that this barrier had bJeen made, but that she was blame-

less. He said he Would nev-r give Myra'a step-mother. When,

in 1813, he communicated to me that he was making his last

will for her, he,showed great sensibility as to her being de-

clared legitimate in it. While I was' with him at his death-

sickness, and even at the moment he expired, he was in. perfect

possession of his senses, and no parent could have manifested

greater affection than he did for her in that period. Nearly his

last words were about her, and that his will must be taken care

of on her account. She, the said, Myra, is the only child Mr.

Clark ever acknowledged to me to be his. She.was born in

July, 1805.

In reply to the fourth- cross-interrogatory, he answers,'- I

was a friend of that confidential character from the time of

said Myra's birth. Mr. Clark 'treated me as a confidential

friend in matters relating to her ahd to his affairs generally.

In reply to the fourth interrogatory, I have stated what I know

concerning Mr. Clark's last will; my recollection of these facts.

is distinct. The circumstances connected with them were of

such a character, that my recollection of them could not be easily impaired.

(Signed,)

PJItnn BARION Bois FoTma-.

And on the 25th day of April,_A. I. 1840, the following decree was entered of record in the words and figures following, to wit:

EDMuND P. G NtnEs and wife)

v.

No. 122.

COEw & RELP et als.

This cause having come for final hearing, by consent of the

complainants and the, defendant Patterson, upon -the bill, an-

swer, .eplication, exhibits, depositions, and documents on file

herein, and on the admis~ion'of the parties,. that the. estate in

controversy in this case .exceeds in value the suim of two

thousand dollars; and the said complainants and the defendant

Patterson expressly. waiving and dispensing with the necessity

of any other parties to the hearing or decision of this.cause

than themselves, and agreeing that the cause shall be deter-

mined alone upon its merits, and the court, being now suf-

ficiently advised of and concerning the premises, does finlbly

decree and order that the defendant Patterson do, on or bbfore

the first'day of the next term of this court, convey and sur-

render. possession to the complainant, Myra Clark Gaines, of

all those lots or parcels of land lying and being in the city,

of New Orleans, and particulaily described in this answer and

574

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson v. Gairtes et ux.

exhibits, and to which he claims title under the said will of

(1811) eighteen hundred and eleven; said co'nveyance shall

contain stipulations of warrantagain'st himself only, and those

claiming under him. It is further decreed" and ordered, that

the defendant pay the complainants so much of their costs ex-

pended herein as has been incurred by reason of his.being

made a defendant in this cause.

From which decree the- defendant prayed an appeal to the

Supreme Court of the United-States, which is granted.

And by consent of the complainants, bond and security is

dispensed with. By consent; the copy of records of the Pro-

bate Court; with a full and-complete transcript of the proceed-

ings had in relation to the estate of the late -Daniel Clark on

file in said court, (hereafter to be-fied,) to constitute a part of

the record herein.

Decree rendered April 25th; 1840.

Decree signed April 25th, 1840.

(Signed,)

3. McKmxsrY, Presidiv, Judge.

The cause having come up to this court by this appeal, was argued by Mr. Brent and Mr. May, for the appellant, :Patterson, and by Mr. Johnson and Mr. Jones, for Gaines and wife.
The counsel for the appellant contended that the decree of the court below was erroneous, for the following reasons7 viz. :
1. Because the bill shows no case for -equitable relief. 2. Because there is no sufficient evidence of the alleged title in the complainant, as devisee of Daniel Clark. 3. That she is not the heir at law of Daniel Clark, 4 That -she was the adulterine child of said Clark, by illicit commerce between said Clark and the mother of complainant, then the lawful wife of Jerome de Grange and as such child incapable by law of inheriting or receiving by gift or will the property of said Clark., 5. Thaf if not the adulterine child, she was Clark's illegitimate offspring, incapable of receiving from him more than one. third of his estate. 6. That the appellant is a purchaser of a legal tit!o. to the property -in suit, under a.-will legally admitted to probat, and under the authority of the executors therein naied. 7.. That the decree is otherwise erroneous and wrongful. 8. That she is not the*cild of Clark.
The argument of Mr. Brent and Mr. May was as fol.ows.
The bill of complaint was filed in the-Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana, against the"appel-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

575

Patterson v. Gaines et ox.

lant and numerous other defendants. The afiswers (original

and supplemental) of Patterson disclose the-nature.-0f his'title

as bon&fide purchaser under the will- of Dahiel Clark dated in

1811, and duly admitted to probate in the proper court.

"

Various depositions and 'documentaky -evidence, were filed by

the complainants and the appellant, and. the case being set for

-hearing as -between themselves," a fin6l, decree was rendered

against Patterson. for .all the property held by him as purchasei

under the will of 1811..

We allege error in that decree.

1st Question. Is-the.appeal of Patterson properly and fairly

before this court? True, there was -6o -order of severance to

justify,. the sepa -at6 decree -gainst one co-defendant, but 've

contend, that, uider the circumstance's of this case, it was com-

petent for the' appellant and appllees to -set the 'case for'final

decree upon all. the evidence talton,. and the result of such.ac-

tion cannot be.to prejudice the other.parties in anty respect ;, for

if 'they can materially change" the aspect of.tha case, by.ad7.

ditional evidence, the judgment- of -this court on our' case

will not conclude 'tha.m. We refer in support of- this position.

to the following authorities. 2 Dana, 422; 2 Bibb, 167; Paet;

Reg. 16; .1 Peters, 306; 3 Munfo'd, 368, 374,397; 6 Hart.

& Johns. 10'; '3 Dallas, 401,"

The course pursued. by Mr.' Patterson. if separating himself.

from his co-defendants is not the result of collusion..-ith the

appellees.: - If. it were, it would be npoteut. But it is the

-fruit of an anxious 'desire on his part to meet the claims of this,

claimant fully and fairly.on 'the ments, without delay'or resort

to any of those dilatory -jroceedings which have-.thnce been

overruled' in this court.

Mt. Pattersod wishes fo know as speedily as possible whether

he is the owner of this roperty; and he has introduced, as he

believes, matter .nough in th.is.record. to destroy'this claim,

at least he has - itroduced all the'.evidence kinown to hiim..

We are thus, attentive to such an imputation of collusion,

because, at -the argument of a motion to dismiss this 'appeal

made some -years ago by'the-counsel" 'of'Caroline: Barnes, one

'of the present counsel understood such an. imputation -to be

made or insinuated in this court- by the counsel of Caroline

Barnes.

We will, in repudiating ihis charge, as we do indignantly, by

the authority :of Mr. Patterson, add to the denial, in his behalf;

our 6wn aeclaration, as officers of this high court, that -our

instructions have' been- to defeat the. claim of' Mrs. Gaines, if

possibl.6, by. every fair' and honorable argument'; and in .behalf

of Mr. McHenry, of'New .Orleans, we tate- that a corresponid-

576

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

ence between him and the gentleman who was understood to make the charge has resulted in acquitting him, as counsel of
Mr. Patterson, from every imputation.
2d Question. Has Mrs. Gaines any title to the property in dispute, as alleged devisee under the will of 1813?
We meet this question by showing from the record that, although there is evidence to prove that Clark had made a will some weeks before his death, declaring Myra his legitimate child and sole heir, yet that will is not proved to have been in existefice at his death, save by his dying declarations, which are no evidence whatever of the.will being then in existence. Jackson v. Betts, 6 Cowen, 382.
These dying declarations were the delirious ravings of a man in estremis, oblivious of the fact that he had himself. destroyed a will 'made to practise a pious but posthumous fraud, for the purpose of gratifying an inordinate love for Myra but a fraud which it is fair to presume, upon this evidence, his. sober after-reflections induced him to shrink from, and with his own hands to .desiroy that will which, if he died without cancelling, would, to his conscience aiid his God, present him as dying with a falsehood on his lips.
But if the will were existent at his death, it was olograthic, and there are not as many competent witnesses to the will as the law required, for the laws then in force exclude women as incompetent. 2 Partidas, 964, Law 9; 1 ib. 23; Laws of
Orleans, 230, art..105. But this court, in 2 Howard, 646, have settled that this will
of 1813 cannot confer title until duly admitted to probate. Therefore, Mrs. Gaines's title, as devisee, cannot be relied on to sustain the decree against Patterson.
3d Question. Is Mrs. Gaines the child and forced heir of
Daniel Clark ? Her bill of. complaint alleges he: birth in July, 1806, and
that up to Clark's death,, in 181.3, she was called Myra Clark, but after his death; and up to her marriage in 1832, she was called Myra Davis, and was kept in-ignorance of'hei true name 'and parentage, that is, from 1813 to 1832, a period of -nineteen
years, and until she was twenty-six years of age, and .ihat in .1832 she learned her rights by accident.
Such is her own showing, and as part. of her evidence she bringp forward Davis, the very man who -had been intrusted" by Clark with the sacred deppsit of his child. See Davis's own deposition, Record,. 181,:5th, 6th, and 7th answers. And see Clark's solemn appeal to him in his Philadelphia letter, Record,
183. Davis says tnat Clark told him Myra-would be his heir.
Record, 183, 184.

JANUARY TERM,. 1848.

577

Patterson t- Gaihes et ux.

Now if Davis had not known and ascertained that Myra was

an adulterous offspring, incapable by the laws of Louisia a of

receiving the munificent .but insane bequests of Clark, and

that her claims founded'on Clark's latter conduct were untena-

ble, how can his treatment of Myra be viewed in any other

light than as a shameless abandonment of his solemn trust?.

If Davis suppressed the true history of Myra with a convic-

tion that its knowledge would be her triumph; words could

not be fouiid adequate to the denunciation of his conduct. But

we think the-explanation of this conduct is to be found in the

fact, that Davis knew this unfortunafe offspring of guilty par-

ents to be banned and barred by the policy of the laws of

Louisiana, and that to acquaint her with the intentions of

Clark towards her would be to lead her into endless and idle

litigation. Neither Davis nor his wife attempts to exllain their

conduct in keeping Myra ignorant of her rights,. if they. be-

lieved she had any. And if her claims are just, the conduct

of Davis is directly impeached by the evidence of her Own

witness; Belle Chasse. General repute called her the child of

Davis. See the evidence of Madam Despau, Record, 165; Cail-

laret, Re6brd, 169; Thiling Record, 334; Coxe, Record,

337; Bois.Fontaine, Record, 356; Mrs. Smith, Record, 136.

If, as we hereafter propose to establish, the intercourse be-

tween Clark and her mother was illicit a: all times, then his

belief as-to his paternity amounts to nothing,.especially when

it is.proved that she does not resemble Clark, as did Caroline

Barnes, the elder child. See Cokes deposition, Record, 336.

Clark's acknowledgments should have been before a notary

and two witnesses. Code of 1808, p. 48, art. 24-26.

If alimony alone is sued for, such informal acknowledgments

might be sufficient. Code of 1808, p. 50, art. 31; ibid., p.

154, art. 45; ibid., p. 156, art. 45.

If Myra was the illegitimate offspring, of Clark, alimony is

all she can claim. Code of 1808, p. 156,-art. 46; ibid., p. 48,

art. 28; ibid., p. 154, art. 45.

But going beyond the character of natural child, Mrs. Gaines

claims, to be the child of Clark by a lawful- marriage of her

mother with him. And in considering this claim, we first ex-

amine the nature and effect of Clark's declarations, which are

said to prove the fact.

C.onceding', exgratia,that in 1813, by the pretended will of

that year, Clark attempted. formally to declare her legitimate,

yet how can his genuine and undoubted will of 1811 be rec-

onciled witli such latter attempt?

In 1811, Myra was five years old, and living in New Orleans,

as Clark well kn6w, and yet at the time of his uidertaking a

VOL. Vw.

49

578

SUPREME. COURT.

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

.sea-voyage he eiecutes that 'ill, wholly pretermitting any notice of Myr, anud-willing all his estate to his mother.

Why did he: ov-erlook Myra? 'Was he the unprincipled

father, who would disinherit his.young and innocent offspring.?

No, he was not unmindful of her claims, and he sought to-

provide foi her in the -only secret~and stealthy mode permitted

by the penallaws of Louisiana.

He executes Various.deeds to Belle Chasse, De la Croix, and 'Davis, on blind trust, for Myra's benefit, thus creating no legal right for Myra, but an honorable claim on the, consciences of

'these friends for a handsome property. See their depositions.

Who can -believe that an auxious father would thus hazard the whole'property designed for his helpless and"lawful child,

by lind confidence in the .honor of .h.unfan beings, -when by will or*deed he could guard her rights effectually and beyond.

contingency ?

We' defy and challenge any satisfactory explanation of these acts, consistent with the claim of' Mrs. Gaines. But if, as we'

'allege, Clark knew her to be the adulterine offspring of Mad-

ame, de Grange by him, then his conduct can well 'be undter-

stood.. For, by the laws of 'Louisiana, an adulterous offspiing-'

can receive from its parent nothing -but alimony, either in the

shape of donations inter vivos or causa ,mortis. Code of 1808, p..212, 'art. 17.

' This statutory interdict, then, was the cause of Clark's making his will of 1811, and 'creating blind, trusts for the benefit

of Myra.

But there are other acts of Clark which go to destroy his

later attempt· to efface the stain on Myra's -birth, such as the

secrecy with which her birth was gudarded, and-the haste with

which he tore the tender infant from her mother's breast; his

never suffering this child 'to dwell under his roof; and, last y',

.his attempt, after his pretended marriage with the mother

of Myra, ,t~o marry Miss -.

See deposition of Madame

Despaii.

These gets of Clark, when arrayed agaihsf the will of 1813, if it were .here in court, subscribed by his hand, 'would speak

the truth with a power and eloquence which no after conduct

of.Thhisectoruultdh riess,istht.at the inconsistent will of i813 arose from

the increase of affection for his natural 'child, who daily fastened

on his heart, as proved by her own witnesseb, and in the infat-

uation -of his love he' madly -conceived'the purpose of making

a will declaring her his lawful child and universal legatee.

This pious fraud was-frankly avowed to: his bosomfriend,

the ':Chevalier, de la Croix., See his deposition.

JANUARY. TERM, 1848.

579

Patterson v. Guines et ux.

But, doubtless, as he dwelt more up n the moral crime of, perpetrating this fraud on -society, and on the truth, he tore that 'will with his own hands, and h nce its non-apperance,.
though, in the delirium of fever,-he murmured qf it as still existing.
Then we assert. that Clark's acts and conduct are the strongest Witnesses against the claim of Mrs. Gaines as his heir at law.
Let us 'see if the mother of ]Mrs. Gaines has not also testified against this pretended marriage.
If she was Clark's wife, as pretended, she afterwards committed rank -bigamy in marrying: Gardett , living -Clark. See' Coxe's evidence, and the marriage certificate.
Nay, she told Coxe, that, so far from being married to Clark, she haI only his promise -to marry.
Then.both Clark and his pretended wife have testified against their intermarriage, and if they so testify, who is the witness to outweigh them? Madame -Despau is the solitar' 'witness to the marriage, - a sister of Myra's mother.
. Madame Despan impeaches herself by showing her privity with the marriages -of her sister to both Clark and Gardette, and her reasons are flimsy for a justification.. Record, p. 164. It was rash. enough for her to stand by, in the lifetime of Jerome de. Grange, the first husband of-:her.sister, and: see that sister marry Clark, Nith nothing to shield-her. from bigamy but the statement of Gardette, that, to hisknowledge,- De Grange
had a prioi living wife. All this, as "stated by her, is bad enough; but her inconsis-
tency about De Grange twice flying, her attempt to palm off Caroline Barnes as the child. of De Grange, her statement that the visit of herself ind sister in. 1803 was to hunt up the records at the North of De Grange's prior marriage, when Coxe -proves- that their visit was in 1802, and- that in that year her sister, -in Philadelphia, gave birth to Caroline, 'at which. time De Grange was absent in Europe, " all these things taint and
condemn this witness, and her unsupported testimony to this' factum of marriage must fall.
* No -one can doubt, on these facts, that, so far from Madame de Grange and Clark going to Philadelphia. to hunt. up records and have a marriage, they went there to shroud from the eye of observation the birth of Caroline, the"frst fruit of an adulterous intbrcourse between Clark and. the mother of Myra.
If Madame Despau be "falsa in uno, falsa est in omnibus."' See The Santissima Trinidad, 7 Wheaton, q99. Madame Despau is the universal marriage witness of her sister, who, on her own evidence, had three husbands, all living at

-580

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson X. Gaines et ux.

the same time; first, De Grange, then Clark, and then Gardette.
She says that-while in Philadelphia, on the occasion of a visit, some years after the marriage of Clark, her sister married Mr.
Gardette, beckaase she was told, in the presence of Madame Despau, bytCoxe and Smythe, a lawyer, that her sister could not prove her marriage to Clark. Record, .164.
Where, we ask, was her own proof ? Where Mr. Dorvier, the
other witness stated by her to Clark's marriage? But where was her seilse of virtue, that would suffer her to stand by and see her sister marry Gardette, living Clark-? And this bigamy with Gardette is perpetrated and connived at by two sisters who had warred against the bigamy of De Grange, as the
complainant alleges. If we believe Madame Despau, she aid her sister, Madame de
Grange, had, in 1808, to abandon all hope of proving a splendid marriage with Clark, which the child of that pretended mar-
riage expects now to prove, after the lapse of thiriy-nine yeats. Madame Despau says that her sister Zuline had two children by De Grange. Record, 164 and 166. Yet another sister; Caillaret,. says no child was born of that union. Record, 293. And afterwards Madame Despau, in d subsequent deposition, shifts her evidence on this point and conforms it to Madame Caillaret's statement. But establish the factum of an inter-
marriage between-Clark and the mother of Myra, which cannot be, yet that mother was already the lawful wife of Jerome
de Grange, who was then and afterwards alive. This prior marriage of Zuline to De Grange is proved by Mrs Gaines's
own' -witnesses, Madame Despau and. Madame Caillaret, in 1796. How. then could Madame de Grange contract marriage with Clark in 1803, unless De Grange was dead, which! is not pretended? Because it is said De Grange's marriage- with Zuline was null, by reason of his having a prior wife alive in 1796. Where is the proof of this allegation ?
There are but three attempts to prove this allegation in the record, viz. - First, the hearsay of Gardette, that. he knew De Grange had a prior living wife.. This hearsay is no evidence against us,. as we have no claims under Gardette.
Secondly, that a report was current in New Orleans that a woman came there 'claiming to be the wife of De Grange. But where she came from, or where she went, no one knows, and common report is no evidence of such a fact. Mima Queen's case, 7 Cranch, 290.
Thirdly, the confessions of De Grange that his marriage with -Zuline was yoid by reason of his prior marriage.
To this we answer, that these confessions are as much hear-
say when brought against.us, as Gardette's statements were; for.

JANUARY TERM. 1848. Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

581-.

-we do not claim under De Grange, and to let his unswom
statements go in evidence against us would be to make our rights depend upon his ez 1parte statements, without any ineans or opportunity to us of testing their truth or falsehood. , Mor. gan v. Yarborough, 11 Louis. R. 76.
We have spoken of -but three attempts to prove, De Orange a bigamist, fQr we will not even call. the failure tb prove him so by record proof an attempt.
On the'face of complainants' bill, it appears that the defendant, Patterson, claims under the will duly probatedi,and dated 1811. And Patterson, being~a third possessor, cannot be ousted until ,.he has disciss.ed, that 'is impeached, the.will of 1811, by proceeding against the legatees therein. Hodder v. Shepherdi ' Louis. R. 507; Code of 1808, p. 214, art; 26; ibid., p. 216,-art. 37-39. She oughf to have sued to discuss that will in four years after her majority, or eight years at farthest. 2 Partidas, 1046; 1 ibid. 384; Constitution of 1812, art. 4; § 11.-
By these laws she was barred in July, 1-831, or July, 1835, at farthest, which is before the bill was filed, and the benefit of this prescription appears on the face of. her bill, and need not be pleaded.
We insist that the title of Patterson was legally derived under the will of 1811, and that the sales were all regular and valid in every respect.
And in conclusion, if there be, a doubt on this whole case, -it should inure to the benefit of WonO fide purchasers, whose
titles ought'not to be 6verturned in a case like this. . For 'Mrs. Gaines, personally, we feel every sympathy; but how often is it.that the innocent offspring is made to suffer for the acts of the parent! And if 6ver parents deserved condemnation here or elsewhere, these parents have deserved it. A
mother who, for the world's false esteem, would discard from her maternal breast two helpless infants, and never again look. upon her 'own offspring, -a mother who, upon the case made 'by her own daughter, stands convicted of adultery before her. pretended marriage with Clark, and with bigamy afterwards, such a mother is above the judgment of human tribunals. And what shall we say *of the conduct of Daniel Clark, if .Myra be his lawful child, and Madame de Grange was his lawful wife ? Courting another woman while his wife was living, and at his death forgetting that she had been his wifp, although he had, as 'pretended, pronounced her blameless, participating in .the crime of' separating two infants fr6m their mother to save the paltry pride of that mother, -
such a man; if the claims of this lady be just, should be consigned tb infamy in all human estimation. Even now,
49*

582

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson v. Gaines et uz.

the web of destiny hangs around this unfortunate but innocent offspring, and the dreadfil past cannot be recalled. After the lapse of forty years, the sun of truth. shines upon this dark and adulterous intrigue, revealing all its deformity on the high-
est judicial records, and showing, the vanity of Clark's latter attempts to efface the stain, if it could be called a stain, which iis own wild passions had placed upon his child at her birth.

The Reporter is compelled to omit the arguments of Mr. Johnson and MIr. Jons, the counsel for Gaines and wife, as. their insertion would make the report of this case too long.

Mr.: Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the court.
The history of this case will be found in the report of the case of Gaines v. Relf and Chew, in ; Howard, 619.
This is the fourth time that the cause has been before this court. Its decision; in each instance hitherto, has been in favor of the complainants.
The third time, it was brought here upon points upon which the judges in the Circuit Court were divided in their opinions. They arose upon the argument of demurrers, filed by several of the defendants.
It was said there was a want of equity in the bill; that there was a complete remedy at-law; that the bill was multifarious, and that there was a misjoinder of parties; that :the will of 1813, upon which the complainants relied for a recovery, had not been adinitted to .probate; and that if the complainants relied upon Mrs. Gaines being the forced.heir of Daniel Clark, whatever that right might be, it was recoverable at law.
Upon the argument of the demurrers, three points were made upon which the judges could not agree, and they were certified to this court f6r its decision.
Those points were, 1st. Was the bill multifarious, and have the complainants a right to sue the defendants jointly in this case ? 2d. Whether the court cduld entertain urisdiction of the cause, without probate of the 'will set up by the coniplainants, -which they charge to have been destroyed and suppressed? 3d. Has the court jurisdiction of this cause, or does it belong exclusively to a court of law ? On the first p6int, this court, for reasons which are as satisfactory to us as they were to the judges who then heard the argument, decided that the bill was not multifarious; that there was no misjoinder, excepting that the purchasers of the property of Daniel Clark had no interest in the rendition of the accounts by the executdrs, under the will of 1811, nor any with what

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

83

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

might be. the interest of Caroline Barnes in the, will of. 1813-;. that those particulars ought-not to be connected with the general object .of the bill, but that it -could: be so amended, in both
respects, in the Circuit Coirt, as to avoid the exceptions. Upon the second point, this court, upna full review of the
authorities, came to this conclusion, -that both the general and local law requirp, the will of 1813 to be proved in the Court of, Probates before any title- can be set up under it; but that this result. did not .authorize a negative answer to the second
pOint.
The court said, that, under the circumstances of the case, the ,complainants were entitled to. full and expiicit answers -from the defendants in regard to the wills of 1813 and 1811, -and that such ansWers, being 6btained,.might be used as evidence before the Court of Probates to establish the will .of 1813; and to revoke that of '1811. The answer was pertinent tci the inquiry, and nothing beyond it. We have adverted to it. to show that .the decree, of the Circuit Court now under consideration has no' confiection-with the will of 1813, and that it
was made, by that. court under'the answer given by the .court
to the third.point. The third point was-Has the court jurisdiction ofth cause,.
or does it belong exclusively to a court of law?. This point involved the jurisdiction of the court in every
aspect in which the bill could be viewed. So the.court considered it. The claim made'in the bill for Mrs. Gaines did not rest alone upon the 'alleged will of 1813, but also, upon the 'allegation that she was the legitimate child of Daniel Clark, and..'undei thet law of. Louisiana, was'his forced- heir. The
court said, "The complainants,"in prosecuting their rights upon the ground of Mrs. Gaines. being the heir at law, no probate -of the will of J813.will be required. ,.Theyr must-,rest upon the heirship of Mrs. Gaines, the -fraud. charged upon the executors 'to the .will-of 181.1, and .notice of such fraud by the pur6hasers.. In this form of procedure, the will .of 1811 is
brought before .the.court oollaterally.: 'It 'is not an action of
nullity, but-a roceeding which'may enable the court to 'give proper relief without decreeing the revocation of the will of
1811P, Such were the answers .given by, 'this court to the points
which had been certified-to it.
. The'Circuiit Court, in the subsequent trial. of the cfuse. :between the complainpntsand .the appellant, Mr. Patterson, has dcreed that Ms. Gaines is the forced heir of Daniel Clarki or in other words, that, being his legitimate child, she was entitled, under the laws of Louisiana, to her 16gitime in-his estate
at the'time of his death..

584

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson ". Gaines et ux.

This decree was made upon the pleadings and proofs in the cause, put in by the complainants .and the appellant, Charles Patterson. He was one of the defendants who had not demurred to the bill. Before those demurrers had been filed, Mr. Patterson had filed his answer,. by his counsel, but not under oath, having availed himself of the waiver in this respect
tendered to the defendants by the complainants. To that aiswer there was a general replication. The parties having introduced. their proofs, the case was regularly in-order for a hearing.. It was heard at the earnest desire of both parties. No suggestion. was made in the Circuit Court below, that it would direct~an issue to be made for the trial of the legitimacy of Mrs..Gaines by a jury. No such desire has been expressed
by the c'ounsel of the appellant in this court, though it was intimated that it ought to have been done. We do not think
it an occasion for such a course to be pursued. The practice. of granting issues is limited to cases in which
the court, in the fair exercise of its discretion, considers that justice will best be obtained by that course. Discretion, we
mean, as it is guided by what has been the practice of courts of chancery. Gardner v. Gardner, 22 Wendell, 526; Drayton
v. Logan, Harp. Eq. 67; 3 Paige, 457, 601. In the English chancery, except in the case of an heir at
law or of a rector or vicar, it is not a matter of right. In the
American courts of equity we know of no practice establishing an issue as a matter of right. In Virginia and other's of our States, the heir's-right to an issue is given by statute. As the English chancery, in the exceptions mentioned as a matter of right, has allowed them, upon the ground that the common law "invests a party filing a particular situation.with certain rights, of which it is the object of the suit to divest him, we presume that where, by operation of the law, in either of the
States, particular. persons. have an interest in the property of an ancestor, whatever might be the evidence in favor of the authenticity and genuineness of the will, if the heirs at law object to its being done, the couirt will not establish the will, without the opinion of a jury upon a devisavit vel non."
We have recurred to what has been hitherto decided in this cause concerning juiisdiction, to prevent hereafter, in the further progress of it against any of the defendants, any doubt about it; and that the principles upon which this court has asserted it might be better understood than they seem to have been at the bar.. The Circuit Court, in rendering its decree, understood it perfectly. We have been particular, too, in repeating what was decided by this court ,in2 Howard, 619, because it comprehends the subject-matter upon which the ju-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

585

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

risdiction of 'the court was affirmed, and covered all who were parties, with the exceptions mentioned, and their obligations to answer, either jointly or separately, the bill as they pleased; though the whole of them, or any lesser number, might have a common defence. The object being that a final decree might be made between the complainants and each defendant, provided the interest or property upon .which the decree is to attach was a part of the property of Daniel Clark and now separate in each defendant who might answer separately, or in any two or mor& of them who might do so jointly. Or if the defendants, as they'had a right to do, - except such of them as have already chosen, not to answer conjointly, and have answered separately, - should make a common answer, that the decree between the parties might be common to all, and attach upon the property of Daniel Clark in their hands, if the com-
plainants make out the right of Mrs. Gaines, as forced heir of Daniel Clark. This disposes of the 'question of jurisdiction,
and of the suggestion mali in the course. of*the argument of the cause here, though not strongly insisted upon, that the jurisdiction or practice of the court did not permit a separate decree against Mr. Patterson, or any other defendant in .the cause. If the decree against any of the defendants determines the character of the subject-matter or property for which he is sued, making it.a part of what shall be the aggregate from
which the complainants' interest is to be calculated, it is a final decree, and perfect against the defendant, though it may require the confirmation of a further ofder of the court before it
can.be acted upon; as in cases of foreclosure, oi where a fund may be distributable among a particular class of individuals, or where, in the distribution of an estate, it becomes necessary to direct a master to report upon its-kind or value, &c., &c;, of which there is a full illustration in the decree given by this court in the case of Michoud v. Girod, 3 Howard, 543.
The cause is now before this court upon the appeal of Mr.
Patterson. The argument of the learned counsel, Messrs. Brent and
May, in favor of the reversal of the decree may be condensed
as follows: 1. There is no circumstantial evidence in favor of the mar-
riage between the mother of Mrs. Gaines and Daniel Clark. 2. The testimcny of Madame Despau, who declares that
she was present at the marriage, is not entitled to belief on many accounts.
3. Mr. Clark's acknowledgments that Myra, Mrs. Gaines, 'was his legitimate child, even if admissible, are contradictory, if De la Croix has spoken the truth, as he spoke differdntly

586

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

of"her to that witness. And they are intrinsically overruled by his most solemn acts,. in stealthily providing for her by blind trusts, and more especially by the will of 1811.
4. Conceding, exempli gratia, that there was a factum of the alleged marriage, still there is proof of the marriage. of .the mother of Mrs. Gaines .with De Grange, and no legal or satisfactory Proof of the nullity bf that marriage ; because De Grange's confessions that he had a wife alive at the time he married- the mother of Mrs. Gaines are not evidence, - particularly not so in this case, as the appellant does not claim the property for which he is sued under De Grange. The argument of counsel upon the point of a previous and subsistlng. marriage was this: -There is direct proof of a marriage between Zuline Carriere, the mother of Mrs. Gaines, and De Grange. To annul it, there is no othe testimony than the hearsay of De Grange's confessions, and Gardette's declarations, that, when De .Grange married Zuline, he was then a
ijarried man,- that it was a cominon rumor in New-Orleans, 'that such was the fact, - that a woman calling herself Mrs.
De Grangei arid claiming to be the *wife of De Grange,. came. to New Orkans in pursuit df him, as her husband, It is said,
if she did, her assertions were equally hearsay. Reputation in .New Orleans that the marriage :with Zuline was null would be no evidence of the fact. Further, it is said the attempt to prov.e De Grange's conviction for bigamy is a failure. But even if the record of.his conviction had been produced, which wa. not done, it is res inter 'alios acta, and could not be admitted- against. the- appellant, who, does not claim under De Grange, but under conveyances from the executors to the will of 1811.
The counsel also contend i whether they are right or wrong in the foregoing positions is a matter. of no consequencepexcept as .showing the history of the case, and tending to prevent further litigation) because, by the code of Louisiana of 1808, regnacted in this particular in.the code of 1825, it is declare.d that a person holding property by sale from a donee of an excessive donation is only liable to the forced heir, after an execution first had. against .the property of the- donee. Under both codes, too, the third-possessors are only liable in theorder of their :purchases.. That the lUgitime of the forced heir is not to be recovered in the specific property, but in the value of the ligitivie,'as it may be ascertained under the -Louisiana codes. For these last positions, counsel'rely upon the lanu.
guage of the codes, and upon the case of Hodder -. Shepherd et al., 1 Louis., R. 505. That was a case which arose under the code of 1808, but is cited in the newr code as a

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

8°

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

judicial exposition of both the old:,and new: code, in this Nspect. ·It is said that this case is within the provisions of the code under-the decision just cited, asMary Clark, the miother" of. Daniel Clark and grandmother of Mrs. Gaines, as uhiver-' sal legatee-of her 'son by the. will *of 1811, accepted the succession of his estate as. the law of-Louisiana required it-to be done. That her ,power of attorney'to the executors,'Chew' and Relf, authorized them to make sales of. the 'pioperty of Daniel Clark as they were made, and- gave to the purchasers· valid- titles, without any order of the Probate 'Court, or any judicial sale, being necessary. That -the purchasers are- not liable to be sued at-all, until the forced heir exhausts the pro erty, or, .inother words, discusses the'rights or property-of the. g.ra'Tnhdme osttahteurteinohfelirmsiotant'sioensst,a'itte.was also said, barred 'a recovery
by the complainants. We have stated more particularly than we would otherwise
have done the arguments urged by the counsel of the appellint. and in the strongest way.in which they were presented. It was due to the importance of the case, to the interest of all concerned in "this.controversy, and because the arguments of both of the counsel command our respect. Parts of some of these 6bjections have our acquiescence, others have not.
Our conclusions relating to the marriage of the mother of Mrs. Gaines to her father, the lawfulness of the marriage, and that she is the legitimate offspring of that marriage, differ from
all that has been urged against them.. The marriage, the"legitimacy of Mrs. Gaines, and the:valid-
ity of the sales made by the executors, make the substance 'of this case put in issue by the pleadings. Were.those pleadings different from whap they are, there would be enough to prove the marriage and the legitimacy of Mrs. Gaines. But as the pleadings. are, we cannot, .upon the evidence, exclude such
conclusions. The" marriage must be proved, according to what would be
proof of.it where it took place. This marriage took placp in Pennsylvania, at Philadelphia, in the presence' of a witness who says she was present, and that the ceremony was" performed by a Catholic priest. "Marriage- is a civil contract in Pennsylvania, to be completed by any words in Ithe present tense, without regard to form." Hantz v. Sealy, 6 Binney, 405. "Marriage is to be decided by.the laws of the place where celebrated." Phillips v. Gregg, 10 Watts, 168. Every
intendment is to be made i favor 'of legitimacy. Senser v.
Bower, 1 Penn. R. 453. The bill asserts the marriage, its lawfulness, and that- Mrs.

588

SUPREME COURT.,

Patterson v. Gaines et ax.

Gaines is the issue of the marriage; -the answer is a denial of these allegations. .The plaintiffs file a general replication. But as the appellant accepted the waiver offered -in the bill, that their answers might be put in without being sworn to, and did not swear to his answer, he is not entitled to have the
benefit of his answer as a denial of the plaintiffs case, unless
the denial is contradicted by the evidence of two witnesses, or by one.and corroboiating circumstances. . In the case of the Union Bank v. Geary, 5 Peters, 99, this. court said,-" Indeed, we are inclined to adopt it .ds a 'general rule, that an answer- not under oath is to be considered merely
as a .denial of the allegations of the bill, analogous to the general issue at law, so as to put the complainant to the proof of such allegations." In Bartlett v. Gale, 4 Paige, Ch. R. 503, the-
Chancellor says, -" But whfere an answer on oath is waived, although, as a pleading, the complainant may avail himself of -admissions and allegations in the answer which go to establish
the case made by the bill, such answer is not evidence in favor of the defendant for.any purpose." An answer is always under oath, unless the plaintiff chooses to dispense with it; and then the court -vrill order the answer of the .defendant to be taken without oath. But whether the answer is not sworn to~by the order of the court when the plaintiff waives it, or the waiver has been voluntarily accepted by the defendant,' it is not evidence in his favor for any purpose. As this court said in 5.Peters, just cited, it is analogous to the general issue at law, and a single undiscredited witnesswill be sufficient to prove the allegations in the bill which the answer denies. There is such a witness in this case. We do not intend, however i to put the conclusion to which we have come respecting the marriage solely upon her testimony. It is so strongly corroborated
by other proofs, that the answer would be disproved if it had
been sworn to.
Madame Despau says, -"Daniel Clark was married in Phila-" delphia, in 1803, by a Catholic priest. I was present at the marriage. One child was born 'of this marriage, to wit, Myra Clark (now Mrs. Gaines), who married William Wallace Whitney,
son of General T. Whitney of the State of New York. I was present at her birth, and knew that Mr. Clark claimed"and acknowledged her to be his child. -She was born in 1806. I neither knew, nor had' any reason to believe, any other child besides Myra was born of that marriage." The witness then proceeds to relate what she terms the circumstances of the marriage, including the previous marriage of Zuline Carriere with De Grange, his subsisting marriage when he married Zuline, and the result of it, when that fact had been discovered

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

589

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

by Zuline and her family. This witness is not discredited in

any of the ways or for any of the causes which can allowably

be used for such a purpose. She is not contradicted by' any

witness. Marriage may be proved by any person who was present,

and can identify the parties. St. Devereux -V.M. Dew Church,

Buh, S. C. 506; 2 W. Black. 145.

If the marriage were in a foreign country proof that it .was.

solemnized in the manner usual in that country will be good

presumptive proof that it was a valid marriage. Lacon v.

Higgins, 3 Stark. 178.

Marriage by a person habited as a priest and being per verba

de presenti,.the person performing the ceremony must be pre-

sumed to have been a clergyman. Rex v. Brampton, 10 East,

282.

Ik what-way is the attempt made to lessen the force of her

testimony? In no other than by negative declarations of other

persons who.knew Clark, that they do not believe he was ever

married, and by the witness De la Croix, who says, - afid he is

tI only witness who says so, -'that Clark spoke to him of

Myra as his natural child.. A hundred such witnesses would not

be sufficient to impeach the testimony of one witness swearing

positively to the -fact. of the marriage. And allowing that

Clark-did so speak to De la Croix, a thusband's declarations of

the illegitimacy of a child when the marriage has been so

proved is not .sufficient to rebut the presumption of its having

been lawfully begotten, until the presumption is disproved by

evidence showing the want of access-between the husband and

wife. Bury v Phillpot,2 M. & K. 349.

Once the marriage is proved, nothing shall be allowed to

impugn the legitimacy of the issue short of the proof of facts

showing it to be impossible that the husband could be the

father. See opinion of the judges in Banbury Peerage case

by Le Marchant. Access is presumed, unless the contrary be

plainly proved.

But all the other witnesses, some -of whom were more in

Clark's confidence than De la Croix was, say that he "spoke to

them of Myra as hip legitimate child, calling her such. -

Pierre -Baron Bois Fontaine declares that Clark tfeated him

as a confidential friend in matters relating to Myra and to his

affairs -generally; that he was with Clark when he died. He

says Clark repeatedly spoke to him of Myra as his legitimate

child. Nearly his last words were about her. And further' he

spoke of her mother with' great respect, and frequently told him,

after her marriage with Gardette,- that he woild have made his

VOL. VT.

50

590

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

marriage with her public if that barrier had not been made; but that she was blameless.
Mrs. Harriet Smith says, -", Mr. Clark and my late husband, Mr. Harper, were intimate friends, &c. I suckled in her infancy Mr. Clark's daughter Myra. J did it voluntarily, in con-
sequence of het having suffered from the hired nurses. Mr. Clark considered that this constituted a powerful claim on his gratitude and friendship, and he afterwards gave me his confi-
dence respecting her." The interesting and truthful narrative of this witness of the relations between the father and the child, from her birth to the time of his death, and his frequent declarations that he would acknowledge her as his legitimate
child, must make strong impressions upon any reader of itthat she was such: Belle Chasse, the intimate and confidential friend of Clark for many years, and who proved himself, as the facts in the case show, worthy of that relation, says, -" With
much reflection and deliberation, Clark spoke of his being occupied in preparing his last will. On these occasions, in the
most impressive and emphatic manner, he spoke 'of Myra as the object of his last will, and that he should in it declare her to. be his legitimate child and heiress of all his estate."
Madame Caillaret, the sister of Zuline, says she was not present at the marriage of her sister with Mr. Clark, "1but I do know that Clark made proposals of marriage with my sister. Mr. Clark's proposals of marriage were made aftei it became known that her marriage with Mr. De Grange was void, from the fact of his having then, and at the time of his marrying her, a living wife.. These proposals were deferred'being accepted until the record proof of De Grange's previous marriage could be obtained, and Zuline, with her sister, Madame Despau, isailed for the North of the United'States,to obtain the record
proof."3 Thus confirming- what Madame Despau likewise says of Clark's proposals of marriage: -" Mr. Clark made proposals of marriage .to my sister, with the knowledge of all our family. It was considered essential first to obtain record proof of De Grange having a living wife at the time he married my sister, to obtain which from the records of the Catholic church ia
New York, (where Mr. De Grange's prior marriage was celebrated,) we sailed for that city. Mr.. Clark arrived after us. We heard that a Mr. Gardette, then living in Philadelphia,.was one of the witnesses of Mr. De Grange's prior marriage. We proceeded to that city, and found Mr. Gardette. He answered,' that he had been present at the prior marriage of De Grange; and that he afterwards knew De Grange and his wife bythis marriage, - that this wife had sailed for France. :Mr. Clark then said, 'You have no reason any -longer" to refuse being

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

591

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

married to'me. It will, however,.be necessary to keep our marriage secret till I have obtained judicial proof of the nullity of your and DeGrange 's.mariage"' Clark and Ziline were then married." Madame Despau then relates their return to New Orleans, the prosecution of De Grange for bigamy, his imprisonment, escape,'. and flight from the country, without his having ever returned .to Louisiana again. "All this happened in 1803, not a great while before the close of the Spanish gov-. emiment in Louisiana. Mr. Clark told us that, before he could .promulgate his marriage with my sister, it would'be necessary for her to bring an action against the name of De Grange. The anticipated change of government 'caused delay; but at' length, in 1806, Messrs. James Brown and Eligeas. Fromentin, as the counsel of my sister, brought suit against the name of Jerome de"Grange, 'in the City Court of.New Orleans."
.Now, rejecting all that Gardette is said to have said,.all that.. Madame Despau says of the prosecution of De Grange for bigamy, and of the appearance- of a female in New Orleans6claim-. ing De-Grange fpr her husband,as not being within the allowable limits of hearsay testimony in a question of pedigree, the concurring testimony of two witnesses if. the family as to Mr. ClAN'k's proposals of marriage is. such a corroboration of the dedlaratioi of one of them,'that the marriage took place in her presence, as to make a basis broad enough' to receive the declarations, of the father, and his affectionate treatment of his
child from her birth to his deaih, as conclusive of his marriage with her- mother, and of her legitimacy. Such declarations,
where there are probable grounds of a marriage, are the best proof in a question of pgdigree. Just such -though they are within what is termed hearsay - as experience has showA to be necessary, in *casesof doubt, to establish -donjugal relations and the legitimacy of children. Such declarations, unlike those which De la Croix says Mr. Clark made to him, have always been 'received to establish the 'legitimacy of a child, with or without proof of. marriage ; and when there is in a
case the positive -testimony of .one witness to a marriage, they are conclusive proof of legitimacy.
What is urged against such a 6onclusion in this case? The conduct. of the parties in.not 'promulgating their marriage, and not occupying -the' same house upon their return to New Orleans. In connection with that conduct, the testimony of De la Croix,. that Colonel and Mrs. Davis, who reared Mrs. Gaines at the request of her father, knew nothing of his marriage; that the witnesses, Mr. Poxe and Mr. Hulings, who were for a long time the intimates, of Mr. Clark, -the former his partner in business, - swear, to the best of their be-

592

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson -. Gaines et ux.

lief, that he never married. And the subsequent connectioh with Gardette, without a dissolution of the marriage with Mr.
Clark. The first is a good objection, until it has been reasonably
accounted for. We do not mean so accounted for as to make it proper, but enough so to separate such conduct from the suspicion of an illicit connection.
Madame Despau declares, when the marriage was contracted in Philadelphi4 and afterwards upon their arrival in New Orz leans, that Clark said the marriage could not be disclosed on account of Zuline's previous marriage with De Grange; that
legal proof must be obtained of the previous marriage of De Grange, and that an action would have, to be brought by Zuline "against his name." This is substantially confirmed. by Madame Caillaret, in her statement of the proposals for a marriage by Mr. Clark, and it having been deferred for the reason given by Madame Despau for its concealment. It is confirmred
by what other witnesses say, as well as Madame Despau, of the arrest and imprisonment of De Grange lor bigamy, to which they all swear as within their own knowledge, and by the subsequent proceedings in. the City Court, against De Grange. (Record, 206.) Connect the preceding with the mode of proceeding in Louisiana to impeach a marriage with one unable to contract marriage, its existing application to De Grange, and what might then have been its application to Mrs Clark if her marriage in Philadelphia had been disclosed befor( a sentence of the nullity of her marriage with De Grange hac been obtained, and we shall have facts from which motives fo concealment of it may be inferred diverse from and stronger than the usual suspicion of its having been caused by an illicit intercourse. It was not necessary to the validity of the marriage in Philadelphia, that a sentence of dissolution should have been first pronounced in Louisiana against De Grange. -By- the, law of the latter, as well as. by the law of Pennsylvnia, the
marriage with De Grange was void from the begihiing. A. void marriage imposes no legal restraint upon the partyamposed upon from contracting another, though prudence and delicacy do, until the fact is so generally known as not to be a matter of doubt, or until ithas been impeached in a judicial prockeding, wherever that may be done. .r. Clark probably knew what we have just stated concerning the validity 6f his marriage; but from his 'pride and teiper, as his character has been disclosed in this record, was it not probable, not to say natural, that such a man, anticipating his return to Louisiana, would resort to the course which was pursued, :to- keep his feelings from being wounded, until a judicial sentence had re-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

593

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

stored his wife to the unequivocal condition enjoyed by her before the imposition of De, Grange ? We speak of the fact, and not of its propriety. The latter has not our approbation, but we recognize what all of us know to be true, that concealment is as frequently the refuge of -error as it is of crime, and that men of the world shun more than any thing else the exposure of their follies, more especially such as the world may think to be so, and bearing upon the honor of the most delicate relation which a man can form in life. It is not a fiction, that men have -been situated as Mr. Clark was, who have died without disclosing, as he did, even in behalf of their unoffending children, such a relation, and that women have been found to bear it. Such reflections would have no weight with us, unconiected with the proof that there is in this case of the marriage. But we think, with such proof, that 'they are appropriate to repel any presumption of illegitimacy in this - instance, arising from the-concealment of the marriage, or from the parties to it not having occupied the same house. The events which followed embittered the rest of this father's life,
and, intil now, have deprived his child of that legitimate standing which he was most anxious to give her, and which seems to have pressed -most heavily upon him at the hour of his death. Bois Fontaine says, in reply to the third cross-interrogatory, -" 1 He spoke of her mother with great respect, aid frequently told me, after her marriage with Gardette, that he would have made his marriage with her public if that barrier had not been made, and frequently lamented to me that it had
been made; but that she was blameless. He said he would never give Myra a step-mother. When, in 1813, he communicated to me that he was making his last will, he showed great sensibility as.to her being declared legitimate in it. While I was with him .in his death-sickness, and even at the moment he expired, he was in perfect possession of his senses, and no parent could have manifested greater affection than he did for
her. Nearly his.last words were about her," &c. Time with him was near its end, and the truth was told.
* De la Croix's testimony, in the particular in which it is
relied- upon, differs from that of all the other witnesses, who have deposed -to what Mr. Clark said to them, repeatedly, of the legitimacy, of his child. . We regard it the less, for notwithstanding his intimacy with Mr. Clark, and the confidence which he had in De la Croix's suitableness to be the guardian of Myra, he' says Mr. Clark "never spoke to him about her, except on the occasion when he was asked to become his executor and her tutor. Record,
233, 234. This declaration to De la Croix, supposing it to 50*

SUPREME COURT.
Patterson v. Gaines et ux.
have been made in connection with the occasion when he says it was made by Mr. Clark, is the testimony in the record most relied upon to disprove the legitimacy of Mrs. Gaines. But it cannot be allowed to exceed.ii weight the testimony of several other witnesses who were more intimate with Mr. Clark than De la Croix was, who -from: facts in the cause independently of any declarations. of theiks - seem to have had more of his confidence, and to .whom Mr. Clark spoke very differently df the same fact. A single declaration, directly the reverse. of many to the same fact, may be made in such a manner, by the same person, as to disable us -from coming to a conclusioii coincident with that which the many assert. But if the latter are associated with other proofs bearing upon thb point derived from other persons, stronger than any proofs which can be connected .with the contradiction of them, .we have a rule to guide us in our estimate of both, making the many prevail over the one, though it might, independently of all other proof connected with either, bring us. to an opposite conclusion. The testimony of De la Croix cannot stand the test of this -rule. Setting aside all that the other witnesses say contrary to it, there is the oath of one witness who swears to the marriage, which raises an intendment of legitimacy in the offspring conclusive until it -has been disproved. Against such a ruler suspicions or doubts not, resting' upon proofs as strong as the proofs of the marriage must not be indulged. But for a brief illustration of the rule, let us take the case. De la Croix says Mr. Clark told him, upon the only occasion he ever spoke to him of Myra, that she was 'his natural child. Madamb Despau says she was present at the marriage of Mr.. Clark to the mother of Myra. Bois Fontaine says Mr. Clark -said to him, speaking of the mother of Mrs. Gaines, that he would have made his marriage with her public, but f6r her subsequent connection with -Gardette., Now where is the "weight of, proof? Does De la Croix's testimony exceed that of the witness who swears to the marriage, and also Clark's declaration to Bois Fontaine admitting it? The contrary declarations may neutralize. each other, in this'aspect of the case, wifhout- lessening the positive.
In-such a case, we have not a choice of conclusions, but must take that which the positive proves.
Hitherto, the testimony of De Ia Croix has been treated as 'ifit was altogether unexceptionable. It is not so. There is in-it that cold hardness of a man of the world, unmindful 6f the relations of former friendship whilst professing to regard them, but little in unison with kindness, and not at all so with the seriousness of exact truth. Such men will not swear to

JANiUAR f TERM, 1848.

b95

Patterson v. Gaines at ux.

what is false, but *theytniay speak what is not true, by an indifference to exactness in-what they do say. De la Croix's testimony is twice. in the record, taken at different times, and we have it b6th in French and English. No injustice is done
him by translation. They are not so contradictory of each other. as to justify of themselves any charge against his" intentional veracity; but they differ in particulars about Myra, as well as if other persons, so as to make it right that it should, as a whole, be eceived with great caution. Besides, for there must be no disguise. of the facts which bring us to our conclusion concerning his testimony, there is upon the record a pecuniary relation between himself and the estate*of Daniel Clark, which, unexplained, . does not leave a favorable impression of his impartiality in this affair.
Again, suppose the fact of legitimacy in this case had been placed altogether upon the eviaenice of Belle Chasse and. De la Croix, that of the former would not have been proof of it. But if Belle Chasse's testimony is fortified by that of others, speaking as strongly as he does of Clark's declarations of his daughter's legitimacy, it would not be reasonable to discard it for the testimony of De la Croix, which. is unsupported by any other witness.' Is the- conclusion one less of proof, bec.use Colonel and Mrs. Davis, who reared the child at the request of her father, were ignorant of his marriage? because Mr. Coxe and Mr. Hulings, who knew him well, say that they knew
nothing of Mr. Clark's marriage, the two last declaring so to the best of their belief? All of this is negative testimony, implying ignorance of the fact of which they speak, and not knowledge of it, -a fact susceptible of positive proof, or of
proof by facts from which marriage may be inferred. The rest of the testimony of. Mr. Coxe, Mr. Hulings, and-De la Croix, in respect to the marriage, is excluded from our consideration, from not being within the. rules. by which hearsay is admissible in cases of pedigree. Neither of them relate any thing as coming from the parents of Myra, or the relations on
either side of the marriage. The only point in which the testimony of Mr. Coxe differs from that of Madame Despau is in
his narrative of the arrangement made by him, at the request of Mr. Clark, for the birth of Caroline, now Mrs. Barnes. Madame Despau -says she was the child. of De Grange; Mr. Coxe, that Clark told him that she was his child. These declarations are at variance with each other as to the fact, but not
contradictory. The fact.. may be as one or the other witness has related it. The difference, therefore, does not at all dis-
crqdit Madame'Despau. But the ignorance of Colonel and Mrs. Davis of the marriage, in connection with the arrange-

596

SUPREME COURT.

Patterion v. Gaines et ux.

merits which were made by them, at.the request of its father, for the birth of the child, and the father's great confidence in th~m, it is said, is extraordinary -and unaccountable. But is it not equally so, that, under such circumstances, he should not have communicated to them the reverse? The latter is orainarily the usual c6nfidence betweeh the parties upon sich occasions, and when it is not .made, an inquiry suggests' itself at once why it wag not done. Its not having been done, though extraordinary, -proves nothing dither one way or the other; the mind is left to connect other facts with it, for the
purpose of enabling us to conclude what inference can justly be made from such an incident, so mitch out of the way of the confidence between parties ripon such occasions. There are no such facts in this case to aid such an objection. There are facts independent of'it, '"hich happened afterwards, which re el "it.
.The witnesses speak of the extraordinary affection manifested by Mr. Clark for this child, . his daily visits, parental and endearing fondness, -his costly .presents and manifested pride in-her, as time developed her-mind and appearance, -and that he always called her Myra Clark. All of this is .not inconsistent with what men' of generous temper will and should do to repair as much as they can, in such cases, their
indiscretior as to.the birth of a child. But when a parent does it, with subsequent declarations, made over and over again, to several persons, of 'a child's legitimacy, they may -well be united with the latter to remove the objection, that Mr. Clark had not mentioned his marriage to Colonel" and Mrs. Davis.
Besides, let it be remembered that the evidence shows, up to that time, he had mentioned his marriage to no one. Madame Despau, his wife, and himself only'knew the. secret, and his influence over them made it his own, until they could speak
free from the apprehensions -excited in them by his declaration, that the marriage was not to be disclosed until the marriage with De Grange had been judicially annulled. He was a man
of no ordinary character or influence upoi those who were about him. His natural fitness to control became habitual, as
his wealth and standing increased, and it was exercised and involuntarily yielded to by all who associated or who were in business with him. He was a man of high qualities, but of .no rigor of virtue or self-control ; -energetic, enterprising, 'courageous, affectionate, and generous, but with a pride which had'yielded .to no mortification until his affection subdued it'.to a sense -of justice 'in behalf of his child. As to Mrs. Clark's
subsequent connection.with Gardette whilst she was the wife of Mr. Clark, considering it alone or with those -reasons which

JANUARY T.ERM, 1848.

597

Patterson v.-Gaines et Ux.

have been urged against the fact of that marriage, our concIugion is, that, inexcusable as her conduct was, there is not enough
to make the fact of the marfiage with Mr. Clark doubttfuL Discarding from our consideration altogether the irritation and impositions to which this female had been subjected from her girlhood, and her well-founded fears of the fidelity of Mr. Clark, and admitting she was very deficient irn her apprehension of the sacredness of marriage, however much it may expose.her virtue and her affection for her lawful husband to conclusions against both, we do not de'em it to be a fact strong enough tb set aside the testimony of one witness who swears positively to her marriage with Mr. Clark, and all the corroborating proof of that fact in the case. It will raise a suspicion against the marriage, in this most .curious and original chapter
of domestic life, not easily removed from the minds of those wivho indulge it. But we cannot permit it to prevail over the. legitimacy of her child, estabilished, as we think ourselves obliged to say it has been, in conformity with those rules of evidence which long experience and the wisdom of those who have gone before us in courts of equity have deemed the best to ascertain, in cases of doubt, the affinity and blood-relation-
ship of social life. - But it is -still said, admitting the marriage with Clark to have taken place in Philadelphia, that Mrs. Gaines cannot'inherit
from her father, his marriage with her mother being void, on account of. her previous marriage with De Grange.
'This will depend upon the marriage with De Grange having been a valid marriage. Or upon its beifng void for one of those causes which disable persons from contracting marriage.
The burden of proof in such a case is not upon the party asserting the* validity of the second marriage, but on the other, who asserts its inivalidity on account of the validity of the first. Both aro affirmative declarations. Ei incuinbit probatio qui
dicit, non qui negat. The argument is, the marriage with De Grange stands in the way of any right of Mrs. Gaines to inherit from her father, until the record of the conviction of De Grange for bigamy has been produced. We do not understand
the law to be so. A bigamist may be proved so, in a civil suit, by any of those facts from which marriage may be inferred. Reputation of marriage is not enough, but facts from which it ,may be inferred are so. In a prosecution for the offence, there must be proof of an actual marriage. The confession of the big mist will be sufficient in a civil suit, when made under circumstances which imply no objection to it as a confession. De Grange did make such a confession. Madame Benguerel says, in answer to the seventh interrogatory put to her, - "My

598

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

husband and myself were very intimate with De Grange, and when we reproached him for his baseness in imposing- upon Zuline, he endeavoured to excuse himself by saying, that, at the time of his marrying her, he had abandoned his lawful wife, and never intended to see her again." Record, 212. And her answer to the cross-interrogatory is,-" I am not related to nor connected with the defendants, nor with either of them, nor
with the mother of the said Myra, nor am I interested at all in this suit. It was in New Orleans where I obtained my infor-
mation. It will be seen by my answers how I knew the -facts. I was well acquainted with De Grange and the said Zuline, and I knew the lawful wife of the said De Grange, whom he had married previous to his imposing himself in marriage upon Zuline." The credit of this witness is unassailed. Here, then, is proof enough of a subsisting marriage between De Grange and another female, when hc married Mrs. Gaines's
mother, to invalidate the latter. But suppose Madame Benguerel had not given such testi-
mony, or that her credit had been successfully assailed; what would then be the state of the objection? Just this: as all the
other witnesses who speak of the prosecution of De Grange for bigamy speak of his conviction only as hearsay or common
report, the defendant cannot call upon the plaintiff for record
proof 6f it, without placing limself in the inconsistent attitude of rejecting the hearsay to be proof of its existence, but giving to him the right to call for its production. The testi-
mony of Madame Benguerel was introduced by the plaintiffs. without any obligation upon them tb have done so. It establishes the fact of De Grange's previous marriage, for all the purposes of this controversy. The denial, in the answer of the
defendant, that Mr. Clark was ever married, is the assertion of a fact, of which the defendant cannot, in the nature of things, have positive :knowledge, and is therefore no more tian a declaration of his belief. One witness, therefore, overrules the denial. But.there is no force in this objection for another reason. When, in the progress of a suit in equity, a question of pedigree arises, and there is proof enough, in the opinion of the
court, to establish the marriage-of the ancestor, the presumption of law is, that a child. of the marriage'is legitimate, and it will be incumbent upon him who denies it to disprove it, though in doing so he may have to prove a negative.
.Further upon this point, the record of De Grange's conviction cannot be called for, as there is proof that it could not be
found .inthe proper office in New Orleans, where it should be.
The cooplainants do not rely upon such proof to establish the *tt that D& Gwmge was a married man when he married Zu-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

599

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

line. His declaration to Madame Benguerel, associated with other facts, sufficiently proves it.
Before leaving this point, however, we will make a single remark upon what was said in the argument, that, if the record of De Grange's conviction had been produced, it would not have been competent testimony, from -its being res inter alios
acta. The general rule certainly is, that a person cannot be affected,
niuch less concluded, by any evidence, decree, or judgment, to which he was not actually, or in consideration of law, privy. But- the" general rule. has been departed from so far as that wherever reputation would be admissible evidence, there .a verdict between strangers, in a former. action, is evidence also ; such as in cases of manorial rights, public rights of way, immemorial custom, disputed boundary, and pedigrees. Duchess of Kingston's case, 11 Howell, State Trials, 261; Davies, De.
mand., Lowndes, Tenant, 7 Scott, N. R. 141; Doe d. Bacon v. Brydges, 7 Scott, 333; Read v. Jackson, per Lawrence, 3., 1 East, 355; Brisco v. Lomax, 8 Adol. & Ell. 198; Evans v. Reeg,. 10"Adol. & Ell. 151; Biddulph v. Ather, 2 Wel. 23.; .Tooker v. Duke of Beauford, 1 Burr.- 146, as to manorial
rights; Brisdo v. Lomax, 8 Adol. & El. 198, as to disputed boundary; Laybourn v. Crisp, 4 Mees. & Wels. 329, as to questions of immemorial custom; Travers v. Ohalloner, Gwill, 1237, as to disputed modus and pedigree; Carr v. Heaton, Gwill, 1261. In Neal & Duke of Athol v. Wilding, Strange,
1157, .the court rejected a special verdict in a foimer suit-; the defendants not having been parties to that suit, which was
offered to:prove three of the descents which.were necessary to make out the Duke's pedigree. Mr. Justice Wright differed from. themajority of the judges on that occasion, and in Buller's N.P., 4th ed.,' p. 233, it is said that the opinion of that learned judge was generally approved, though the determination by the rest of the court was contrary. And the point has been since repeatedly ruled in conformity with the opinion of Mr. Justice
Wright. .But it may be said that the real fact was not what our con-
clusion is upon this point. Let it be remembered by those who may say so, that possibilities are the enemies of truth, in-
dicating more frequently than other.wise the unpreparedness of. a mind to receive it, rather than its uncertainty. They have no standing in the law againsE a violent presumption, which is plenaprobatio, or full proof.
Having disposed. of all the objections which were urged, or wfiich can be raised upon this record, against the most interesting and essential fact in the case of the complainants, -we-

600

SUPREME COURT.

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

proceed to give our conclusions upon the legal points made for the reversal of the decree of the Circuit Court.
They were, that a suit at the instance of a forced heir
cannot be maintained against a purehaser, until the donee's property has been discussed.
It was said the decree was not final. That the stattite of limitations barred a recovery. And last, that the decree directs the property for which the defendant is .sued to be -conveyed and surrendered to Mrs. Gaines, instead of making it liable as a. portion of Daniel Clark's estate, out of which the forced heir's ligitime is to be
calculated.
The first objection would prevail against the decree, if Mr. Patterson's was such a purchase. It is not so.
The defendant is*the alienee of the purchasers who bought the property at auction, in the year 1820, from the executors of Mr. Clark under the will of 1811.. It is admitted that the property was a part of Mr. Clark's estate when he died.
These sales were made without any authority, judicial or
otherwise. They were made after the time When, by the law. of Louisiana, the relation of the sellers as executors had expired. Nor can it be said they were legal on account of the power of attorney given to Mr. Relf and Mr. Chew by Mrs.
Clark, the mother and universal legatee of the testator. She could give no power to the executors to dispense with the law prescribing the manner for making the sale of a succession. Her power of attorney was not of itself, nor was it treated by the executors, to make for her a legal acceptance of the succession. It was neither an express nor a tacit acceptance of the succession, casting upon her the responsibilities resulting to a donee of a isuccession by its acceptance. It might have been used as an act done by her from which her intention to accept the succession might have been inferred, which would have been a legal acceptance. Bit it was not 'so treated. Until the acceptance was made as the law required it to be, every act performed under it by the attorneys was void..
The power. was also given when -the possession of the estate was lawfully in the executor , for the purpose of enabling them to discharge their functions according to law. It could not invest them with any power, either when their con-nection with the estate as executors existed, or afterwards, to sell any part of it in a way not permitted by the law. ,
One of the executors, Mr. Relf, received letters testamentary on the 27th August, 1813. The other, Mr. Chew, on the 21st January, 1814. Without delay, on the same day that he received' letters, Mr. Relf Lpplied for leave to sell the movable

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

601

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

and immovable property of his testator. It was granted. For

reasons stated in a subsequdnt application, he applied for an

extension of the order as to the time for making a sale. It

was allowed, without any alteration of the times for ,,Iver-

tising the property he wished to sell, as fied in the first order.

The movable effects were to be advertised ten days. The

slaves and other immovable effects thirty days. The defend-

ant depends upon these orders for the regularity of the . sales

and the validity of the purchase made by his alienor, Corre-

jollas, the original purchaser. The sale of the property bought

by Correjollas was made in 182G. The time for making the

sales, according to the order of the court, had passed more

than six "-ars. , The time within which the executors could

act as sucn by the law of Louisiana had expired. They had

neither legal nor delegated authority from the donee of the

estate, recognized as such by the law of Louisiana, to make

the sale. It-was a sale without judicial order, ---.a sale in dis-

regard of, and in violation of, the law, - one ;which the law of

Louisiana makes absolutely void. If considered as having

been made under the orders for sale given by the court, it is

also absolutely void. It is necessary to show, in all cases 'of

forced sales, meaning such as are done by judicial order, -

particularly of the property of a succession, or estate of a

deceased person, - that all the formalities of the law have

been strictly complied with, or the sale will be annulled. De-

logny v. Smith, 3 Louis. R. 421; Donaldson v. Hull, 7 N.

S. 113; Marsfield v. Comeaux, 7 N. S. 185; 8 N. S. 246; -4

Louis. R. 204;" 11 Martin, 610, 675; 2 Louis. R. 328.

Under these decisions, and the view which we have taken

6f this point of the case, the fact of notice by the pur-

chasers, and by the defendant from them, of the illegal- and

fraudulent sale, cannot be denied. The defendant knew, from

the titles which he received from the purchaser, Correjollas,

and from that-bought by him from the other alienee of Corre-

jollas, that the sales had been made by Mr. Reif and Mr. Chew

in a representative character, and. it was his duty to inquire if

they legally filled it. Not having done so,-he has bought in

his own wrong, and the titld by which he claims the pruperty

must be annulled. We have confined our remarks strictly to

the objection, that these sales were made by the donee, or uni-

versal heir of the will, without adducing other causes found in

the proceeding of the executors, of which this record is but

too fruitful, to show that the objection has no foundation in

fact.

Of the statute of limitations we will only-say, that the stat-

ute in force at the time the suit is brought determines the-

VOL. VI.

51

602

SUPREME C'OURT.

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.

right of the party to sue for a claim, and that !he time under that in force when this suit was commenced had not expired.
We ought, though, to say, to prevent future misapprehension, that it is not regularly in the pleading of this cause.
It is also said that the decree of the Circuit Court is not final, in the sense contemplated by the law, to give to this court appellate jurisdiction. Indeed, we do not see how a decree could be more so. Nothing is left open between the parties; it embraces the pleadings as well as the proofs in the
cause, and directs the property held by the defendant, as it is set forth in the pleadings, to be conveyed and surrendered to Mrs. Gaines. And it is only because the decree is subject to the objection, that the lgitime of Mrs. Gaines in her father's estate is to be calculated out of the whole of it, so as to ascertain and preserve distinct from the controversy the disposable quantum to which the donee is entitled under the will of 1811, that we shall direct it to be reversed.
Mrs. Gaines, as the forced heir of her father, is entitled to such a portion of his estate as he could not deprive her of, either by donations inter vivos or mortis causa. The will of 1811 is not null on account of its being a donation exceeding
the quantum which the father could- legally dispose of, but is only reducible to that quantum.
To determine the reduction to which. the donation in the will of 1811 is liable, the 29th article of title 2d of dona-' tions intervivos and mortis causa,ch. 3, sec. 2, of the code of 1808,. gives the rule. The disposable quantum in this instance would be, one 'fifth of the aggregate of the property of- the decedent in Louisiana; the Ugitime"four fifths. Code of 1808, 212, tit. 22.
We shall direct the decree of the court below to be reversed,
and adjudge that a decree shall be made in the said court, in this suit, declaring that a lawful marriage was contracted in Philadelphia,- Pennsylvania, between Daniel Clark and Zuline Carriere, and that Myra Clark, now Myra,-aines, is the lawful and only child of that marriage. That the said Myra is the forced heir of her father, and is entitled to four fifths of his estate, after the excessive donation in the will of 1811 is reduced to the disposable quantum which -the father bould legally give to others.
That the property described in the answer of the defendant, Mr. Patterson, is a part of the estate of Daniel Clark at the time of his death, that it was illegally sold by those'.who had no right or. authority to make a sale of it, that the titles given by them to the purchaser. and by the purchaser to the defendant, Mr. Patterson, including those given by the buyer

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

603

Patterson v. Gaines et ux.,

froh the first purchaser to -Mr.Patterson, are mill.and void, azid that the same is liable, as a part of the estate of Daniel Clark'. to the lgitime of the forced heir, and that the defendant, Chailes Patterson, shall surrender the same-as shall be directed among other things to be done in the prenilses, as.will appear in the decree and'mandate of. this court. to the Circutt Court.in Louisiana.
Order.
This appeal having been heard by.this court, upon the trauiscript of the record from the Circuit Court of the -United States for the Eastern District.of Louisiana, and upon the- arguments 'of counsel, as well. for. the appellant as for the appelfees, this court, upon consideration of- the premises, doth now here adjudge, order, and decree, that the decree of the said Circuit Court be and the same is -hereby reversed, with costs, and that such other decree, in the premises be passed as is hereinafter ordered and decreed.
And this court, thereupon proceeding -topass such decree in this cause as the said Circuit Court ought-to, have passed, doth now here adjudge, order, and decree, that it be adjudged and declared, and is hereby adjudged a4 declared, upon the. evidence in this cause, that a lawful marriage, was contracted and solemnized at Philadelphia, in the. State of Pennsylvania, between the same Daniel Clark, in the bill and proceedings mentioned, and the same Zuline or Zuliene Carriere, in the bill and proceedings mentioned; and that Myia Clark, now. Myra Clark Gaines, and one of the complainants in. this cause, is the lawful and only issue of the* said marriage, and was at the death of her said father, Daniel Clark, his only legitimate child and heir at law,.and as such was exclusively invested with the chaiacter of his forced heir, and entitled to all the rights of such forced heir.
And this court- doth further adjudge, order, and decree, that all the property described and claimed by the defendantPatterson in his answer and supplemental answer, and in the exhibits thereto annexed, is part and parcel f the property composing the succession of said Daniel Clark: that the defendants Richard Relf and Beverly Chew, at the time and times when, under the pretended authority of the testamentary ex-ecutors of the said "Daniel Clark, and the attorneys in fact of the said Mary Clark in the' will -and proceedings mentioned, they caused the property so described and claimed by the dafendant Patterson to be set up and sold at.public Auction, in December, 1820, and -when they- executed their act of saledated.on the 18th February, 1821, to Gabriel-Corre

604

SUPREME COURT.

Patters.on-v. Gaines et ux.-

jollas for the two lots therein described, (which two lots constitute the same property described land claimed by the defendant Patterson as aforesaid,) had no legal right or authority whatever so to sell and dispdse of the same, or in any-manner to alienate the same: that the said sale at auction and the.
said act of sale to Correjollas in confirmation.of the previous sale at auction, were .wholly unauthorized and illegal, and afe utterly null and void; and that the defendant Patterson, at the time and' times, when ie purchased the property so described and claimed by .hin as aforesaid, (part from the said
Correjollas, the vendee of the defendants Relf and Chew, and the residue from Etienne Meunier, the vendee of said Correjollas, himself the vendee of the same defendants,) was bound to take notice of the circumstances which r~ndered the actings and doings of the said defendants in the premises illegal, null; and void; and that he ought to be deemed and held, and hereby is deemed and held, to have purchased the. property in question with full notice that the said sale at auction under the pretended authority of the said defendants and their said act of sale to Correjollas were illegal, null, and void, and in
fraud of the- rights of.the person or persons entitled to the succession of the said Daniel Clark.
And the said court doth further adjudg?, order, and decree, that all the property claimed and held by the, defendant Patterson as aforesaid now remains, unaliened and undisposed of, as part and: parcel of the succession of the said Daniel Clark, notwithstanding such sales at auction and act of sale in the pretended right or under the pretended authority of the defendants Ref and Chew.
And the court cloth further adjudge, oraer, and decree, that the complainant, Myra Clark Gaines, is justly and lawfully entitled, as the only forced heir of said Daniel Clark, to her legitimate portion of four fifths of the said succession, and to have four fifths of the property so claimed and held by the defendant Patterson, as aforesaid, duly partitioned, apportioned, and delivered or paid over to her, together with four fifths of the yearly rents and profits accruing from the same, since the same came into the said defendant's possession; and for which
th6 said defendant is hereby' adjudged, ordered, and decreed to account to the said. complainant.
And the court doth now here remand this cause to the.said Circuit Court for such further proceeding as .may b4 proper and necessary to carry into effect 'the following directions; that is to say, -
1. .To cause the said defendant Patterson forthwith to surrender. all, the .property*so claimed and held by him as afore-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.5

605

United States v. Yates et.al.

said into- the hands of such curator, commissioner, or trustee

aq the said court may appoint for the Purpose; whose duty it

·shall be, under the directions of.7the court, to manage the said

-property to 'the best advantage, till, the whole rnatter and ap-

portionment of the said two portibns (being the said four fifths

and one fifth) 9f the said property'shall have been compIeted

and finally liquidated, as a part of the succession of the said

'Daniel Clark, and in the mean time to collect and receive all the

rents, issues, and profits of the same, and to account- and bring

the same into court; to be there apportioned and paid over, or

in pairt retained for further directions.

2. To cause four fifths of the property so claimed and 'held

by the defendant Patterson ds aforesaid to be duly partitioned,

appropriated, and delivered or paid ove to'the said c6mplain-

ant; and to retain tli residue subject to further directions for

-the appropriation of the same which either party shall be at

liberty to, move foi; and if the samd be proved and -found in- -

divisible by its nature, or cannot be conveniently divided, to

cause it to be sold by public auction, after the time of 'notice

and advertisements, and as near as hay be in the .manner

prescribed by law in "thejudicial sale of the property of sue-

cessions: and, in case of such sale by auction, to apportipn

and pay over four'fifths.of the net proceeds-of such sale to-

the said. complainant, and to retain the residue subject to fur-

ther directions, as aforesaid.',

-

3. To cause,an account. to be taken by the proper officer of

the court, and under the authority and direction of the court, -

of the yearly rents and profits ac6ued. and accruing from the

said property since it came into the possession of the defend-

ant Patterson; and -four Mfths of the -same to -be accounted

and paid to the said complainant, and the residue to be re-

tained subject to such further directions as aforesaid.

4. To give such directions'and make such orders, from time

to time, as may be proper ad:necdssary for carrying into effect

the foregoing directions, and for enforcing the due obsetvance'

of the same by the parties and' the officers of the court.

TaE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS- V. HENRY YATES AND -ARcHIBALD MMCINTYRE.

Under the peculiar circumstances of this case, the counsel for the appellees was

permitted to strike out his appearance, but such withdrawal must not authorize

a motion to dismiss for want of a citation.

-

"

The appearance of counsel does not preclude a motion to dismiss for the want of jurisdiction, or any other sufficient gr6und, except the want of a citationi. It is

51*

44

SUPREME COURT.

Staoy v. Thrasher.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Michigan, and on the points and questions on which the judges of the said Circuit Court were opposed in opinion, and which were certified to this court for its opinion, agreeably to the act of Congress in such case made and provided, and was argued by counsel. And it appearing to this court, upon an inspection of the said transcript, that no point in the case within the meaning of the act of Congress has been certified to this
court, it is thereupon: now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that this cause be and the same is hereby dismissed, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the sad Circuit Court, to be proceeded in according to law.

DAVID S. STAcy, ADmINISTRATOR OF CHARLES S. LEE, PLAINTIFr IN ERROR,.v. J. B. THRASHER, FOR TME USE OF WILLL&t SELLERs,
DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
An action of debt will not lie against an administrator, in one of these United States, on a judgment obtained against a different administratoT of the same intestate, appointed under the authority of another State.
The detrine of privity examined.
I THIS case was brought up, bywrit of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
The history of the case is this. In April, 1836, Charles S. Lee, a resident of the county of Claiborne and State of Mississippi, was sue.d in the county court of Claiborne, by Christopher Dart and William Gardner. who called themselves late merchants and copartners trading under the style and firm of Dart & Co., and stated the suit to be for the use of Christopher Dart. It is not necessary to state the cause of action, or trace the progress of the suit minutely. Lee appeared to the suit. In December; 1836, his death was suggested. In July, 1837, Ann Lee took out letters of admnimstration upon the estate of Charles S. Lee, under the authoritkr of the probate court of Claiborne county. In September, 1837, the suit was revived against the administratrix, by ascirefacidas.-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

45

Stacy v. Thrasher.

In November, 1837, she appeared to the suit and pleaded the
general issue. On the 1st of December, 1838, the cause came on for trial,
when the plaintiffs obtained a judgment for $ 6,080.99. On the same day, viz. the 1st December, 1838, Christopher
Dart, for whose use the judgment was entered, made an assignment of it to John B. Thrasher, of Port Gibson, the nominal defendant in error in the present case.
After this, however, a new trial was granted by the courtof Claiborne county in the suit against Ann Lee, administra-trix, which resulted in another judgment, for a different sum
of mmy, in June, 1840. Another new trial was granted, and in December, 1840,
another judgment was rendered against the administratrix for ,$t,988.05.
Nothing further appears to have been dQne for some time. The next fact in the history of the case is, that David S. Stacy, the plaintiff in error in the present case, and a citizen of
Louisiana, took out letters of administration upon the estate of Charles S. Lee, in the State of, Louisiana. - At what particular
time these letters were taken out, the record does not show. In January, 1844, John B. Thrasher, to whom the judgment
in Mississippi had been assigned by Christopher Dart, as above stated, filed a petition in the Circuii Court of the United Statesfor the Eastern District of Louisiana, against Stacy, the admmistrator of Charles S. Lee. Thrasher now stated himself to be suing for the use of William Sellers, and averred that Sellers and himself were both citizens of the State of Mississippi. The petitioner stated himself to be the legal owner, by transfer and assignment, of a judgment for $ 6,988.05, which judgment was final and definitive.
In February, 1844, Stacy appeared to the suit and filed the
following exceptions and answer, which are according to the
practice -inLouisiana, and equivalent to a demurrer.

"Davi 1 S. Stacy. a citizen of the State of Louisiana, residing in the parish of Concordia, administrator of the succession of
Charles S. Lee, in the State of Louisiana, under the appointment and authority of the Court of Probate of the parish of Concordia aforesaid, being made defendant in the above-entitred
suit, appears and pleads as follows, by way of exception: " 1. That plaintiff in his petition does not allege or show that
this honorable court has jurisdiction of this .suit, as it is not therein alleged that Christopher Dart, who is declared to be the assignor of the judgment upon which this suit is brought, waseither an alien or a citizen of another State than Louisiana, or

46

SUPREME COURT.

Stacy v. Thrasher.

could have maintained this suit in this honorable court either against the appearer or the said Charles S. Lee.
"2. Appearer alleges that Christopher Dart and William Gardner, the alleged owners of the'claim upon which the juagment was obtained in Mississippi, were citizens of Louisiana, and
members of a commercial firm located in New Orleans, and could not have maintained this suit in this honorable court either against the said -Leor against this appearer, and that this court has no jurisdiction of this suit.
"3. That the said William Gardner, one of the joint owners of said claim, was a citizen of Louisiana, and that the said Dart & Gardner could not have maintained a suit upon said claim in this honorable court either -against the said C. S. Lee or against this appearer.
"4. That the said C.Dart, under an assignmelt and transt'er of said claim from the said Gardner, could not have maintained a suit thereon in this honorable court.
"5. Appearer further excepts and says, that this honorable
court has no jurisdiction over successions in the State. of Louisiana, nor over the settlement of said successions and the dis-
tributions of the proceeds among the creditors, nor over administrators and others appointed to administer them, nor of the establishment of claims for money against such successions; that the Court of Probate of this State have the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of all these matters; that no property-belonging to a succession in the course of administration in the probate court, whose jurisdiction has attached over the subjectmatter, can be taken.-levied upon, or s6ld by process from the courts of the United States; nor can said probate courts be ousted or disseized of their said exclusive jurisdiction once obtained, nor the property withdrawn from their control by any other tribunal. That this has been the well-known and settled law of the State for the last twenty years, and that the said Dart & Gardner contracted in New Orleans, in Louisiana, under and in reference to this law, and are bound by it; appearer alleges that this honorable court, for the above reasons, has no jurisdiction in this suit, rationepersonw, nor ratione materiw, but avers that the Court of Probates of the paish of Concordia has sole and exclusive jurisdiction thereof. Wherefore appearer prays that this suit may be dismissed at
plaintiff's costs, &c. '4If all the dbove -exceptions should be overruled, then a-
pearer pleads that the plaintiff-has neither alleged nor shown any cause of action against him whatever, nor any indebtedness to the plaintiff by the succession of C. S. Lee in the State of.
Louisiana.

JANUARY TERM. 1848.

47

Stacy t. Thrashe'r.

' If the above exception should be also ovenifled, then de-

fendant denies geierally and specially each and every allega-

tion in plaintiff's petition contained. Wherefore he prays that

plaintiff's demand may be rejected with costs, and for general

relief in, the premises, &c.

(Signed,)

D. S. STAcY, Adm'or estate C" S. Lee."

On the 26th of February, 1844, Thrasher, filed ah amended petition., averring that Christopher Dart, the assignol' of the
judgment, was, at the time of the assignment, an.alien,.being a citizen of th republic of Texas, and resident thefein, lnd that Charles S. Leb, at the time of said assignment and of his death, was a citizen of 'Louisiana.
On the 13th of March, 1844, the court -overruled Ithp exceptions, and. on the llth-of A15ril following gave ite following final judgment.

"This cause came on for trial, and the law and the evidence

being in favor of the plaintiff, it is orderl, adjudged, and de-

creed, that the defendant, David S. Stacy, as administrator of

the estate of Charles S. Lee, be condemned to pay to the plain-

tiff, for the use of William Sellers, the sum of six thousand

nine hundred and eighty-eight dollars and five cents, with eight

per cent. interest thereon per annum from the first day of De-

cember, eighteen hundred and forty, until paid, and costs of

suit. Judgment rendered April 11th, 1844. Judgment signed

April 18th,- 1844.

(Signed,)

J. McKnMEy."

From this decree, a .writ of error brought the case up to this court.

The case was argued by Mr. T. B. Barton, for the plaintiff in error, and Mr. Crittenden, Mr. Thrasher, and Mr.
Henderson,for the defendant in error.

Mr. Barton, for the plaintiff in error.
The ,great and important question which 'the record presents, and to which this argument wil be confined, is that to which the last exception is directed.
The petition, with the other proceedings in Louisiana upon the judgment in Mississippi, are not distinguishable from an action of debt, brought under the same circumstances, upon a like judgment, in the courts of those States where the practice is according to the course of the common law. The petition is founded, as the action of debt would be, upon the judgment. The validity and effect of the judgment must be the same in

48

SUPREME COURT.

Stacy v. Thrasher.

both kinds of proceedings. The case involves the question whether a judgment, rendered in ona State against an administrator who has taken administration of the assets in that State,
and within that jurisdiction, can be made the foundation of an action in another State against a different administrator, whose administration has been taken within the jurisdiction of the
latter, of the assets within the latter jurisdiction. There are some special circumstances in this record which
arTest our attention in advancing to the discussion of the main point. Cases of this kind must always be open to remark, and entitled to grave consideration. The judgment rendered against the first administrator, which is made the foundation of a recovery against the administrator out of the -assets in another jurisdiction, must be taken to have adjudged that the administrator against -whom the judgment was rendered had assets to satisfy the debt. That administrator, in the proceadings against him, must have admitted, by his pleadings, that he had assets ; and that will always be the case when he neglects (as was the -ase in Dart & Co. v. Lee's Administratrix in Mississippi) to plead plene administravit;or, if assets have been denied by such plea, that issue must have been found against him. A .general judgment, therefore, against an administrator, necessarily includes in it the adjudication of assets in the hands of that administrator to the amount of the judgment. According to the rigo! of the common law, the judgment in that form would be absolutely conclusive against the defendant's administrator, and -against the plaintiff and all others; and the only ulterior proceedings upon such judgment, if not satisfied, upon an execution to be levied de bonis testators,would be against that administrator for a devastavit. (2 Lomar on Executors, 391, sec. 8, and 451, sec. 21.)
Virginia, and perhaps others of the States, has mollified, in some respects, the rigorous conclusion of this common law rule, but without destroying it. In its most mitigated application to -such a recovery, the judgment will be at least taken, until the contrary is shown by that defendant, as a judgment that the administrator had assets for the satisfaction of the recovery. For this reason, as well as for other reasonsl it is certai that we shall find no case in the English authorities where a judgment -has been recovered against one administrator, in which any recovery has been sought against another administrator, unless in cases of an administrator de bonis non, or unlegs in cases of special administrations, such as administrator durante minore cetat, &c. And, for the same reason, it is
probable that no such cases ean be found in alay of the American authorities, even where the rules alluded to have been

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

.49

Stacy v. Thrasher.

mitigated. It will be found extremely difficult, within the

jurisdiction where administration was granted, to conceive any

case of that kind. The judgment, then, upon which the pe-

titioner founds his recovery against the administrator in Lou-

isiana, shiows upon its face that assets for its satisfaction, in the

State-of Mississippi, were also adjudged. The very judgment,

by showing that matter, an adjudged liability of a sufficiency

of estate in Mississippi, shows an exoneration of assets else-

where than in Mississippi, and that the Louisiana administrator

ought not to be charged, by a double recovery, for that which

has been: already or can be recovered against another represent-

ative in Mississippi.

, There is also another.remark that may be made upon the

proceedings in this dase,. - that the decision, if sustained, must

leid to alarming mischiefs in the administratioh of assets which

an intestate has left in two or more States. It seems, from the

aniended petition, that C. S. Lee, at the time of his death, was

aeitizen of Louisiana; that was.his domicile, and consequent-

ly Ann Lee, in Mississippi, was a foreign administratrix. The

bulk of an intestate's asset9 will almost always be found in the

jurisdiction of his domicile. The proposition which is con-

tended for to sustain this recovery goes to this extent,- that

if an intestate in one State had died, leaving property of the

most inconsiderable. value in another State, making it necessary

that there shold be an administration in the latter, a plaintiff,

by recovering a judgment against the latter, establishing a debt

of the intestate, that judgment, as contended for by thd defend-

ant in error, would be conclusive upon the administrator and

the assets, in the State of the domicile, at least so far as it es-

tablished. the indebtedness of the intestate. In vain might

the domiciliary admin.'$ttator attempt, in an action brought

against him upon that judgment, to prove that the plaintiff had

-no shadow of claim against the intestate; he would be repelled,

by force of the judgment, from any such defence.

Is it reasonable, that,-in the international law of these States

under the Constitution and acts of Congress, such ruinous strin-

gency should be given to the judgment of one State in the

courts of another? -that a judgment against the foreign ad-

ministrator, who is regarded only as auxiliary or ancillary to

the domiciliary administration, and who is in practice oftentimes, in some of the States, little more than a nominal admin-

istrator, shall conclude the primary domiciliary administrator,

holding the main bulk of the assets, by establishing against

him and against those assets the principal fact in the case, the

indebtedness' of the intestate, so that they can never be extri-

cated froni this rigid conclusiveness of the foreign judgment?

VOL. VI.

5

50

SUPREME COURT.

Stacy v. Thrasher.

There is a further remark, that the petitioner seeks a recovery upon the Mississippi judgment against "a considerable estate, real and personal," left by the intestate in the State of Louisiana; estates of both descriptions, it would seem, are liable as assets in the hands, or under the ontrol, of the administrator in that State. There is no principle in general jurisprudence, and particularly in the United States, better established, than that land can never be subjected to a foreign jurisdiction. (Story's Confl. of Laws, pages 436, 437, % 522, 523.)
To give to the judgments of one State validity and effect in the courts of another, is a wise provision under our system.of government. It cannot, however, be overlooked, that to what-, ever extent force is allowed to them, oul of -the State which pronounced them, in the jurisdiction of another State, it operates as a restriction or compulsion upon this jurisdiction, making it subordinate to the jurisdiction of a foreign forum. The provision, therefore, which has been alluded to should be jealously guarded by the courts; and unless its application
should -be shown to be clearly reasonable, the application should be denied. It has before been intimated, that no authority can be found, certainly not in the English law, probably not in the American law, which can govern the precise
case now under consideration. -Without attempting to disturb any doctrine heretofore estab-
lished in regard to the conclusiveness of judgments, and the effect of the judgment of a court of one State, when sued upon or offered in evidence in the courts of another State, it is contended that that doctrine has never been ettended'to'a case like the present, and that it would not be reasonable. to give it such application.. It is a principle incontrovertibly
established in the English jurisprudence, in that of Louisiana (Benjamin and Slidell's Digest of Louisiana Laws, page 559, et seq.), and in all the other States, that "no one, in general, can be bound by a verdict or judgment, unless he be a party to the suit, or be in privity with the party, or possess the power
of making himself a party. For (as has been well said) otherwise he has no power of cross-examining the witnesses, or of adducing evidence in support of his rights. He can have no attaint, noi can he challenge the inquest, or'appeal (or have a writ of error on the judgment). In short, he is deprived of
the means prbvided by the law for ascertaining the truth, and consequently it would-be repugnant to the first principles of justice that he should be bound by the results of an inquiry to which he was altogether a stranger." (1 Stark. Law Ev. 217, 6th Am. ed.)
It is not pretended that the administrator in Louisiana was

JANUARY TERM; 1848.

51

Stacy v.Thrasher.

a party to the proceedings in Mississippi, or could by any possible means have made himself a party to them. It is incumbent upon the defendant in error' clearly fo show, before the jurisdiction in Mississippi shall control that of Louisiana, that the administrator of .the latter State was, in the proceedings in which judgment was recovered in the former, in privity with the defendant in that suit. The contraryhas been distinctly laid down by Justice Story, in his learned treatise on the Conifict of Laws, § 522. That is a direct authority upon the present case. 'Imt akes no difference that the judgment in the cases in Rawle, 431, to which- he refers, was a judgment rendered in Barbadoes. The matter under consideration involves no discussion, as to the difference between the effect of a judgment when rendered in a State jurisdiction, and when rendered in a jurisdiction out of the-United States. The point decided there was, that there was no privity between one administrator and another administrator of the same intestate, when both administrations have been granted by different jurisdictions
entirely separate and independent of each other. The jurisdiction-of each"-State of this Union is sovereign
and independent in granting letters of administration, as much so as -that of any two foreign states. The grant, when made, invests the administfator under the authority of -that State with the proprietorship of the effects of .the intestate within
that State, but, having no jurisdiction beyond its own limits, it can confei no property upon him ont of those limits. - Each administrator, when several administrations are granted in several States, is made the owner of a distinct property, wholly unconnected with any other out of the State. The authority under which each derives his title is a separate sov-
ereign power; and it is exclusively by that authority, not by virtue of testamentary appointment of the dead, that they'are invested with any interest or control in the respective estates; and it is entirely to the authority from which their rights are alone derived that they are in any manner accountable. In
some sense they may severally be said to be a representative of the deceased.
There would be no ground for asserting that these repre-
sentatives in different States constitute one representative, ai several executors under the same will, or administrators under
the same jurisdiction, may constitute one executor or adminis-
trator, though the assets confided to each may be separated. It is believed that this doctrine, here attempted to be pre-
sented, of the relation in which the separate administrators under different jurisdictions stand in these United States, has been universally recogmized by the States excent so far as by.

52

SUPREME COUR.T.

Stacy v. Thrasher.

statutory law (showing that the original principle was as here stated) the doctrine has been changed or modified. It would seem necessarily so, not only as regards the relation of the administrator, but as regards the rights of the executor as affecting the assets and the representative of the deceased, for he
has no lien upon the fund in the hands of the representative as
the debtor, but the person of the administrator, who is, in a measure, the officer or bailiff of the court appointing him, in respect of the assets which he has in his hands, is the debtor. (1 Lomax on Executors, 345; Ram. on Ass. 484.) What constitutes privity between one representative of a dead man and another representative depends upon no peculiar rules springing out of A practice of the probate court, in-regard to the rep-
resentatives of deceased'persons, but is to be ascertained upon principles of the common law, as applicable to cases geherally,
of which a variety of illustrations will be found in the books, especially 1 Stark. Law Ev. 217, et seq. Privity between
one administrator and another does not depend upon, and cannot be created by, their being each of them the representative of the same intestate, though it he a duty in which they all unite. It has not been so regarded in the English law, which,
-until the 17th Car. 2, did not regard the administrator de bonis non in privity with an executor or administrator, to bring scire
facias on the judgment which the executor, or administrator, had obtained. (See authorities, 1 Loin. Ex. 325.) So, if one brings several ejectments against several upon the same title, a verdict against one is not evidence against the rest, because
the party against whom the verdict was had might be relieved against it, if it was not good, but the rest could not (1 Stark. Law Ev. 217); as the title' under which all these defendants in ejectment claimed is the same, each of them, of course, must have held in privity to some one person, from whom all their titles were severally derived; nevertheless, that Privity
in one common title did not unite them in privity to each other.
The judgment, therefore, in Mississippi, against Ann Lee, administratrix of the assets of Charles S. Lee in Mssissippi, could not bind the appellant, D. S. Stacy, administrator of the assets of C. S. Lee in Louisiana.
The rule excluding res inter alios acta as a ground of action, or as a bar in the pleadings, it is hardly necessary to remark, extends with- equal stringency to exclude such matter as evidenc6 at the trial. (1 Stark. Law Ev. 217; and 1 Greenl. Ev.
522, et se'q.) The principle herg contended for cannot be evaded by force of the statute of Misiissippi, which seems, as is contended for,

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

53

Stacy v. Thrasher.

to make the judgment recovered in Mississippi against Ann Lee, administratrix, have the effect of being a judgment recovered, against Charles S. Lee, the intestate himself because that suit was instituted against him in his lifetime. That statute enables the plaintiff to revive the suit pending against the intestate, and empowers the court to render judgment for
or against such administrator, in the., same manner as if the original party were in existence. (How. & Hutch. Dig. 584.) This statute can mean-nothihg more than in the strongest expressions to remove-merely the impediment thrown in the way of the proceedings; bf the plaintiff by abatement. It did not mean, by strict adherence to the same manner as if the original party were in existence, to preclude the administratrix from
pleading pleas peculiarly allowed to executors and administrators, --'such as Plent administravit,generally or specially, no assets, and the like; or to preclude the plaintiff from taking a judgment against the administratrix; and if so, the judgment
could not be in the same manner as if the original party was in existence. If the legislature had intended that, it would have adopted a provision like that in the 17th Car. 2, c. 8, s. 1, where a party dies between verdict and judgment, directing
that the judgment shall be entered a. if both parties were living. (See 1 Lore. Ex. 324, 325.)
. The judgment rendered in this very case shows that suchhas not been. the interpretation given to that statute, for it is a judgment, not against the intestate, but against the administkatrix. Whatever may be the interpretation-to be put upon the statute, it is sufficient here to say, that the judgment taken was not in. accordance with any directions that it should, be
rendered as if the party were living, but that was waived if the statute gave such power, and the plaintiff has taken a judgment against the administratrix; and taking it in that manner, the plaintiff subjects himself to all the consequences of that form of judgment. - In conclusion, the plaintiff in error is not precluded from the grounds of error here attempted to be maintained by force of the 32d section of the Judiciary Act of 1789. That section was. only intended to apply to proceedings' in actions at. common law; not to proceedings by petition, according to the practice of Louisiana. Even if it did, the exception taken in the court below cannot but be regarded as tantamount to a demurrer according to the requisitions of that- statute. That clause is a.
transcript of the provisions of 27th Eliz. c. 5, and 4th.Anne, c. 16, for the purpose of curing mere defects of form, and requiring special demurrers, leaving matters of substance unaffected by its provisions, to be taken advantage of by general demurrer,
5 *

54

SUPREME COURT.

Stacy v.Thrasher.

withouf setting down any special cause, or to be taken advantage of by errors in arrest of judgment, or by writ of error. (See Bac. Abr. PleasandPleading;Stephenson Pleading, 140.)

Mr. Crittenden, Mr. Thrasher,and Mr.Henderson,for the defendant in error, sustained the judgment of the court below upon the same grounds,. which are thus explained in the argument of Mr. Henderson.
This Mississippi judgment, we say, conclusively established the plaintiffs' demand against the estate of the intestate Lee, not only in Mississippi, but in every State of the Union. We do not say but its ratable priorities and claims, as to order of
satisfaction, are to be governed by the local law of the administration. The claim, however, is legally authenticated as against the decedent estate, so as to entitle it to payment and satisfaction, though put to judgment in a different State than
that of the administration. 13 Pet. 312. Notwithstanding all that is said in the books upon original
and.ancillary administrations in different States, we insist the .administrative tribunals c a decedent's effects in no one State
can reject the allowance of a creditor's claim from another State, if legally established.
The Constitution of the United States gives to the citizens of each State the privileges and immunities of the citizens of the several States. -State tribunals, therefore, cannot regard a co-State creditor as a foreign creditor, and so administer the effects of the decedent within a State, to the exclusive use of creditorswithin that State. And so is it implied in 3 Pick. 128; 'and so, undoubtedly, is the requirement of the Constitution of the United States, above quoted.
The record of this judgment in Mississippi shows that the. action was instituted against Lee in his lifetime, who appeared and plead; that before verdict he died, and his widow and administratrix, by the positive requirements of the laws of Mississippi, came in on scire facias, plead to, and defended the action. This, in Mississippi, merged the original cause of action, established -the debt against the decedent estate, . and
was and is res adjudicata. The act of Congress of 26th May, 1790, expressly requires
that this judgment shall have full faith and credit given to it in every court within the United States, as it has by law or usage in the courts of the State of Mississippi. 1 Statutes at Large, p. 122.
It undoubtedly has, in that State, the "faithand credit" of establishing or authenticating the Mbt against the estate of Lee, regardless of"whosesoever hands the estate may come to,

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

55

Stacy v. Thrasher.

or be found in. It is not that it merely establishes the debt against the administratrix, Ann Lee; but-against the estate of
C. S. Lee. The judgment, thus presented, dither by suit, in the courts
of Louisiana, or to the administrator, in Louisiana; for. allowance or payment, must have the same "faith and credit" accorded to it as in Mississippi. 6 Wheat. 129; 7 Cr. 481;
13 Pet. 312. Now, this "faith and credit" is not so conceded to a foreign
judgment. Hence the case in 2 Rawle, 431, which was a judgment from Barbadoes, sued on in Pennsylvania. All the pleas in that case imply the opinion of the pleader, that, had it
been a judgment from another State of the Union, the defence could not have been, relied on; nor does the court say otherwise. I
Another well-established rule of decision sustains the point we contend for; namely, that the judgment .of a competent State court merges and extinguishes the original cabse of action as to all parties and privies, whether privies by blood or estate in all other States of the Union. 3 Wash. C. C. R. 17; 1 Pet. 692, 693; 16 Mass. 71.
But a foreign judgment does not so extinguish the cause of action, if again sued on here, as to bar recovery for this cause.
Again: our petition makes no personal demand against thedefendant ; but, setting forth a claim against the estate of Lee, by authentication of a.judgment, duly obtained, in contest with the administratrix in Mississippi, seeks its satisfaction out of Lee's estate in Louisiana, represented by the defendant as' administrator. But the spirit of his objection is Personal to himself. It is not that he questions but the cause of action has been established in judgment, by a court of competent jurisdiction, as against Lee's estate, so far as represented by
his administratrix in Mississippi; but defendant objects, the estate is not thereby liable in. Louisiana, till he, defendant, has litigated the same question over again. And for what good? Is there in the Constitution of the United States, and the laws of Congress, any sensible purpose or policy that this,question should be twice litigated,in order to conclude the estate of Lee,
as represented by this administrator, any more than if this judgment had been rendered against Lee, in his lifetime?
Suppose this judgment in Mississippi had been redered in, the United States Circuit Court, and then sued on as now in
the United States Circuit Court of Louisiana; could this defence be heard? Now the 31st section of the Judiciary Act
of 1789 provides, that where the defendant dies pending the

56

SUPREME COURT.

Stacy v. Thrasher.

suit, his representatives may be brought in by scire facids, as in this case, and "the court may render judgment against the estate of the deceased party." But what a silly provision of law, if, when they have so rendered judgment, the same controversy shall be tried over again in every other State where the judgment may be carried for enforcement and satisfaction, against the same decedent's "estate."
As this pretended right of defence does not go to bar the originalcause of action, it is a mere-technical objection, with-
.out semblance of merit. For, on any supposition that the first judgment was fraudulently obtained, the defendant here could undoubtedly make that defence by plea. But, with no. objebtion against the justice or integrity of the jadgment, that the defendant may relitigate it -from mere caprice is certainly a
most idle rule of construction, for no possible good. .The only pretence of legal rule which can be offered in
vindicatiorof this claim of the defendant to litigate the original cause of action in this case over again is, that, as between
the defendant with whom it was contested in the State of Mississippi, and this defendant in Louisiffia, there is no priv ity; and, hence the judgment is not evidence against him.
But we deny the fact that there is no privity. There is, in all truth, and in the rationaleof the thing, a clear privity of estate. On Lee's death, his estate, everywhere throuighoutthe United States, was liable to payment of his debts.' No one anywhere could take possession of this estate, either by lawful administration or by tort, that did not hold inprivity to
the creditor's claim, as verily as to the claims of heirs and distributees. The decedent's estate, to' this end and responsibility, is but a unit, though possessed by a dozen administra-
tors indifferent States of the Unio.- And in what sense can an administrator claim to be a privy at all? No connection of blood, nor the agent's claim which he has to the estate,
could give him, as administrator,the relation ofpriv,'ty in any legal sense. Had this judgment been granted against Lee in his lifetime, this objection would have the .same force. His privity, as administrator on the estate of Lee, would have been -precisely what it now is; namely, he would have been no* party to the judgment, nor would he be holding any part of the estate, by virtue of his administration in Louisiana, which
the judgment directly b~ound, or could be levied on. Yet, surely,' this plea could not avail, in such- case; and equally clear, on the. same principles, it cannot avail here. But if there were any room to distinguish the legal effect of a judgment obtained against the decedent, and one obtained by suit against his administrator, then we reply, that this suit, having-

JANUARY- TERM, 1848.

57

Stacy v. Thrasher.

been instituted against, the decedentin persb, and who became party to -the record,the same privity in succession. connects this defendant with this record and judgment., as if the decedent
had survived till the-verdict was rendered against him. But the truth is, the doctrie of personal privity' has no ap-
plication here, "aiddin never be interposed, but as to parties' who may be affected in their persona.lrights. A trustee of a legal title for the heirs cannot object. to the judgment against the ancestor as incompetent evidence in suit against him to recover the trmst.propdrty, ornthe ground that he is not a privy to
the judgment. And so of the administratori who is but a trustee for the creditors Fird distributees.
If the case.in 16 Mass. 71 wvould seem to conflict with thislast position, that of 3 Rand. 287 sustains a contrary rule.
The authority of tle late Justice Story, iii. his Conflict of Laws, § 522, has been referred tolin support of the defendant's
objection.' In.a clear ease of conflict of laws, where the foreign claimA was "to afftct assets" of the local administrator, to the prejudice of Ideal creditors, the rule insisted on might, to some form and extent, be applicable; But the conflict of
laws, as between nations foreign to each other, not -bound- to
recognize -each other's judgments,'nor- to recognize the claim of the foreign creditor on the same ground as the domestic creditor, -, such conflict of laws is not predicable of the subsisting relations of these United States.- The judgments of the
sevral States under the Constitution and laws of. Congress, before referred to, are not foreign to-each other in the sense of the common law. And the Constitution of the United States . secures each creditor of the different- States the same'rights in
prosecutinghis claims in any. other State, whether against the living man or the estate-of the dead, as are secured to the citi-
zens of the State where the same is prosecuted. If, therefore, the rule as now contended for was intended to, be asserted by Justice Story as applicable to these iStates, we, are bound to say 'his assertion iswithout authority, and against the paramount. laws of the Union.

"MrJ.ustice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court.
John B. Thrasher, the plaintiff below, commenced this action by a petition'(according to the practice of the courts of Louisiana) in the nature of an action of debt upon a judgment. He claimed as assignee of a judgment obtained in the Circuit Court of Claiborne county, in the State of Mississippi, by Dart & Gardner against Ann -Lee, administratrix of C.. 'S. Lee, deceased. David S. Stacy, the defendant below, is the.administrator of Lee in the State of Louisiana, where he had his dQra-

58

SUPREME COURT.

Stacy v. Thrasher.

icile at the time of'his death. In his pleas he has set forth six several grounds of exception against the plaintiff's right to re-
cover, the last of which is in the nature of a demurrer to the declaration, or a denial of the plaintiff's right to recover on the case set forth in his petitioft. As the decision of this point will be conclusive of the whole case, it will 'be unnecessary to no-
tice the~others.
The question presented by the demurrer is, whether. the judgment against Ann Lee, the administratrix of Charles S. Lee in Mississippi, is evidence by itself sufficient to entitle the plaintiff to recover against Stacy, .the administrator of the same intestate in Louisiana. Or, to state the point disconnected with the accidents'of the case, Will an action of debt lie against an
administrator in one of these United States, on a judgment obtained against a different administrator of the same intestate appointed under the authority of another?
This is a question of great practical importance, and one
which, we believe, has not yet been decided. The administrator receives his authority from the ordinary
or other officer of the government where the goods of the intestate are situate. But coming into" such possession by succession to the intestate, and encumbered with the duty to pay his debts, he is considered in law as in privity with him, and therefore bound or estopped by a judgment against him. Yet his representation of his intestate is a qualified one, and extends not beyond the assets of which the ordinary had jurisdiction. He cannot, therefore, do any act to affect assets in an-. other jurisdiction, as his authority cannot be mote extensive than that of the goverximent fr6m whom he received it. The courts of another State will not acknowledge him as a representative of the deceased, of notice his letters of administration. (See Tourton v. Flower, 3.-P. Wins. 369; Borden v. Borden, 5 Mass. 67 ; Pond v. Makepeace, 2 Metcalf, 114;
Chapman v. Fish, 6 Hill, 554, &c.) . It follows as a necessary inference from these well-established principles, "that, where administrations ate granted to different persons in different States, they are so far deemed independent of each other that a judgment obtained agafist one will furnish no right of action against the other, to affect assets
received by the latter in virtue of his 'own administration; for in contemplation of law there is no privity between him and
the other administrator." (See Story, Confi. of Laws, § 522; Brodie v. Bickley, 2 Rawle, 431.) The -same doctrine is recognized in the ease of Aspden v. Nixon (4 How. 467) by this
court. But it is contended, that, however applicable thesQ principles

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

59

Stac. v. Th-asher.

may be to judgtreats against administrators acting under powers received from States wholly foreign to each other, they can-. not apply t&judgments against administrators in different States
of this Union, because of the provision of the Constitution, which ordains that "full faith and credit shall be given in each State to the public acts, records, and judicial proceedings of ev-
ery other State." .The act of Congress of 26th May, 1790; which prescribes
the mode of authenticating records, and defines their "1effect," enacts, that, they " shall have -such faith and credit given to them in every court within the United States as they have by law or usage in the courts of the State 'from whence the said records are or shall be taken."
The question, -then, arises, what is the "effect," or the "faith and credit," given to the judgment on which this suit is brought, in the courts of Mississippi ? The answer to this must be, that it is evidence, and conclusive by way -of estoppel, 1st, between the same parties; 2d, privies; and 3dly, on the same subject-matter, where the proceeding is in rem.
But the parties to these judgments are not the same. Neither are they privies. " The term privity, denotes mu-
tual succession or relationship to the same rights of property." (Greenleaf on Ev. § 523.) Privies are divided by Lord Coke
into three classes, - 1st, privies in blood; 2d, privies in law; and 3d, privies by estate. .The doctrine of estoppel, however,
so far as it applies to persons falling 1uder these denominations, applies to them under one and the same lrinciple, namely, that a party claiming through another is estopped by that :which estopped that other respecting the same subject-matter. Thus, an heir who is privy in blood would be estopped by a verdict
against his. ancestor, through whom he claims. An executor or administrator, suing or sued as such, woild be bound by a verdict against his testator or intestate, to whom he is privy in law. With regard to privies in estate, a verdict against feoffor
would estop feoffee, and lessor, the lessee, &c. An administrator under grant of administration in one State
stands in none of these relations to an administrator in another. Each is privy to the testator, and would be etopped by a judgment against him; but the have no privity with each other, in law or in estate. They receive their authority from differ-
ent sovereignties, and over different property. The authority of each is paramount to the other. Each is accountable'to the ordinary from whom he receives his "authoAty. 'Nor does the
one come by succession to the other into the trust of the same property,.encumbered by the same debts, as in the case of an administrator de bonis non, who may be tfruly said to have an

60

SUPREME COURT.

Stacy v.Thrasher.

official privity with his predecessor in the same trust, and therefore. liable to the same duties. In the case of Yare v. Gough (Oro. Jac. 3), it was decided that an administrator de bonis non could not have .sirefacias upon a judgment obtained by his
predecessor on a debt due to the intestate "for default of 'rivity." But in Snape v. Norgate (Cro. Car. 167), it was decided that a scirefaciaswould lie againstan administrator de bonis non, on a judgment against the executor; and the court attempt to make a distinction between that and the preceding case, on the ground that "he cometh in place of the executor" ; or in other words, by reason of an official succession or privity. These cases cannot be well reconciled on principle;
but the difficulty was remedied in England by the statute of 17 Charles 2, c. 8. The Court of Appeals of Virginia have
considered the latter case as foundbd on-more correct principles than the first, and have overruled the doctrine of Yare v. Gough. (Dykes v. Woodhouse, 3 Randolph, 287.)
We may assume, therefore, that in the State of Mississippi, as in most other States in the Union, the administrator e bonis non is treated as privy with his predecessor in the trusk ,
and estopped by a judgment against him; but the question still recurs as -to the effect of a judgment in that State as against
one who has neither personal nor official privity with the defendant. - Each. administrator is severally liable to pay the debts of the deceased out of the assets committed to him, and therein- they resemble joint and several co-obligors in a bond. A judgment against one is no merger of the bond, nor is it evidence in a suit against- the other. Their common liability.to pay the same debt creates no privity between them, either in
law or in estate. . It is for those who assert this privity to show wherein it lies, and the argument for it seems to be this: - that the judg-
ment against the administrator is against the estate of the intestate, and that his estate, wheresoever situate, is liable to pay his debts; therefore the plaintiff, haviig once established his claim against the estate by the judgment of a court, should not be called on to make, proof of it again. This argument" assumes that the judgment is in rem, and not in personam, or
that the estate has a sort of corporate entity and unity. But this is not true, either in fact or in legal construction. The judgment is against the person of the administrator, that he shall pay the debt of the intestate out of the funds committed to his care. If there be another administrator in another State, liable to pay the same debt, he may be subjected to -alike judg-
menjriipon the same demand, but the assets in his hands cannot be affected by a judgment to which he is personally a

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

61

Stacy v. Thrashler. .

stranger. A judgment may tave the "effect" of a lien upon all the defendant's lands in the State where it is rendered, yet: it cannot have that effect on lands in another State by virtue of the faith and credit given to it by the Constitution and act of Congress. The laws and courts of a State can only affect persons and things within their jurisdiction. "Qonsequently, both as to .the administrator and the property confided to him, a judgment in another State is res inter alios acta. It cannot
be even prima.facie evidence.of a debt ; for if'it have any effect at.all, it'must be-as a judgment, and operate by way of estoppel.
It is alleged- by those who desgre to elude this conclusion, wlile they cannot' deny-the correctness- of the principles on which it is'founded, that it is technical and theoretical, and leads to an inonvdnient result. But every logical c6nclusion upon admitted legal principles may.be-liable to the same impu*tation. Decisions resting only on a supposed convenience, or principles accommodated. to the -circumstances of a particular case, generally form bad.precedents: It may be conceded that in this case there ii an apparent hardship, - that the plaintiff
who has established his claim-after a tedious litigation in Mississippi should be compelled" to go through the same troublesome -process in Louisiana. But tke hardship is no greater than if the administrators had-been joint and several co-obligors in a note or bond. -A plaintiff may be fairly presumed always
to have the evidence of his demand in his possession, and the ability to establish it in any court. But if a judgment against an administrator in one State, raised up, perhaps, for the.very purpose of giving the plaintiff a judgment, should be conclusive
on the administrator in another State, the estates of decedents would be subjected to innumerable frauds. And to what purpose is the argument that the defendant may be permitted to
prove collusion and fraud, when, in order to substantiate it, he must commence by proving a-negative? This would be casting the burden of proof where it ought not to rest, and would
cause much greater inconvenience and injury than any that can possibly result from the present decision.
The judgment of the Circuit Court must therefore, be reversed.
"Mr. Justice MWLEAN and Mr.'Justice WAYNE dissented.

Order.

This cause came -on to be heard on the transcript of the

record of the Circuit Court of the United States for the East-.

em District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On

VOL. V1.

6

62

SUPREME COURT.

Van Ness v. Van Ness.

consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court; that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed, with costs, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court, to be proceeded in according to law and justice, and in conformity to the opinion of this court.

MARY ANN VAN NESS, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. CORNELIUS P. VAN NEss, ADMINIISTRATOR'OF JOHN P: VAN NESS.
The act of Congress, passed on the 27th of Februe -y,1801 (2 Stat. at Large, 103), authorizes a writ of error from this court to the Circuit Court for the District of Columbia in those cases only where there has been a finl judgment, order, or decree in that court.
Where tho Orphans' Court directed an issue to be sent for trial in the Circuit Court, which issue was, "whether-the petitioner was the widow of the deceased or not," and the Circuit Court proceeded to try the issue, and thejury, under the instructions of the court, found that the petitioner was not the widow, exceptions to these instructions cannot be reviswed by this court on a writ of error.
The certificate of the finding of the jury, transmitted by the Circuit Court to the Orphans' Court, was not such a final judgment, order, or decree as is included within the statute. After the reception oF the certificate, the Orphans' Court had still to pass a decree in order to settle the rights of the parties.
Tnis case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, sitting for the county-of Washington.
All the circumstances of the case are fully set forth in the opinion of the court,, as delivered by Mr. Chief Justice Taney, from the commencement of which the Reporter extracts the following statement.
A motion has been made to dismiss this case, which is brought here by writ of error directed to the Circuit Court for. Washington county, in the District -of.Columbia.
The case is this. John P. Van Ness, of the same county and District, died intestate, and letters of administration were granted by the Orphans' Court to Cornelius P Van Ness, his brother, who is the defendant in error.
Shortly after the letters were -granted, Mary Ann Van Ness, the plaintiff in error, filed her petition in the Or hans' Court alleging that she was the widow of the deceased, and praying that the letters granted to the defendant should be revoked, and administration granted to her. The defendant answered, denying that she was 'the widow of the deceased. The right to the letters depended upon this fact; as by an act of Assembly of Maryland, passed in 1798, and adopted by Congress when it assumed jurisdiction over this ristrict, the widow is

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

437

Hogg et,al. v. Emerson.

I concur, therefore, in the judgment of the court, affirming the decree for full damages, but on the ground of a recovery for the wrong committed as a marine tort, rather than on any breach of contract which can be prosecuted by these plaintiffs, and in admiralty.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United 'States for the District of Rhode Island, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit- Court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs, and damages at the rate of six per centum per annum.

PEmR Hon AMW CORNELIUS H. DELAxIATER, PLAINTIFpS IN -ERROR, v. JOHN B. EMERSON.
When a case is sent to this court under the discretion conferred upon the court below by the seventeenth section of the act of July 4, 1836 (Patent Law), 5 Stat. at Large, 124, the whole case comes up, and not a few points only.
The specification constitutes a part of a patent, and- they must be construed together.
Emerson's patent for " certain improvements in the steam-engine, and in the mode of propelling therewith either vessels on the wafer or carriages on the land," decided not to cover more ground than one patent ought to cover, and to be sufficiently clear and certain.
Apatentee, whose patent-right has been violated, may recover damages for such infringenient for the time which intervened between the destruction of the patentoffice by fire, in 1836, and the restoration of the records under the act of March 3, 18W7.
THis case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of NeW York. It was a suit for the violation of a patent-right, and the writ of error was allo~ed uhder the seventeenth section of the act of 1836.
On the 8th of March, 1834, John B. Emerson, the defendant in error, obtained the following letters-patent, (which were recorded anew on the 5th of March, 1841),"viz. :
The United States of America, to all to whom - these letterspatent shall come:
Whereas John B. Emerson, a citizen of the United States, hath alleged that he has invented a new and useful improvement in the steam-engine, which improvement he states has not been known or used before his application; hath made
37*

438

SUPREME COURT.

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

oath that he doth verily believe that he is the true inventor or discoverer of the said improvement; hath paid into the treasury of the United States the sum of thirty dollars, delivered a receipt for the. same, and presented a petition to the Secretary of State, signifying a desire of obtaining an exclusive property in the said improvement, and praying that a patent may be granted for that purpose. These are therefore to grant, according to law, to the said John B. Emerson, his heirs, administrators, or assigns, for the term of fourteen years from the eighth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and thirtyfour, the full and exclusive right and liberty of making, constructing, using, and vending to others to be used, the said improvement, a description whereof is given in the words of the said John B. Emerson himself, in the schedule hereto annexed, and is made a part of thege presents.
In testimony whereof, I have caused these letters to be made patent, and the seal of the United States to be hereunto affixed.
Given under my hand, at the city of Washington, this eighth day of March, in the year of our Lord [L. s.] one thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, and of the independence of the United States of America the fifty-eighth.
AN~nrw JAcxsoN. By the President:
Louis McLANE, Secretary of State.
CITY OF WASHInGTON, to wit: I do hereby certify, that the following letters-patent were
delivered to me on' the eighth day, of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, to be examined; that I have examined the same, and find them conformable to law; and I do hereby return the same to the Secretary of State, within fifteen days from the date aforesaid, to Wit, on this eighth day of March; in the year aforesaid.
B. F. BUTLER, Attorney-Generalof the UnitedStates.
The schedule referred to in these letters-patent, and making part of the saine, containing a description in the words of the said John Brown Emerson himself, of his improvement in the steam-engine: -

To all whom it may concern:
Be it known, that I, John Brown Emerson, of the city of New York, have invented certain improvements in the steamengine, and in the mode of propelling therewith either vessels on the water or carriages on the land, and that the following is a full and exact description thereof.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

439

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

One object of my improvement is to substitute for the crank motion a mode of converting the reciprocating motion of a piston into a continued rotary motion, by a new combination
of iachinery for that purpose.
This mode is applicable to an engine either with one or with two cylinders, and is carried into effect as follows. Alongside of the cylinder I place a shaft, the lower end of which may
revolve in a step on the platform or foundation upon which the cylinder stands; in which case it must be somewhat longer than twice the length of the cylinder, as it must extend above it to a height somewhat greater than the length of the stroke of the piston. Sometimes, however, this shaft may have its lo.wer gudgeon only a small distance below the upper end of
the cylinders, whence it must extend above it as before. Its upper gudgeon must~of-course be.sustained by a suitable frame. This shaft is to stand parallel to the piston rod, from which it is to receive its revolving motion. Upon the upper end of the shaft, above the top of the cylinder, there is to be placed a solid cylinder of wood, or of any other convenient substance, of such diameter as shall cause its periphery to come nearly into contact with the piston-rod for its whole length, when
the piston is raised. The solid cylinder above described is to
be made to revolve in the following manner. I make a groove in it, which commences near its lower end, rand, passing spirally,
extends half-way rounu it by the time it reaches nearly to the upper.end, or to a distance vertically equal to the stroke of the engine; from that point it passes down around the opposite half, and returns into itself at the point of beginning. Upon the upper end of the piston, against its side, I place a frictionroller, which is to work in the groove in the solid cylinder; the piston-rod rising between parallel guide-pieces, by which it is kept in its proper place, and its tendency to turn round by the action of the roller in the groove is checked. When the piston is down, this friction-roller will stand in the V formed
by the junction of the grooves on the opposite sides, and as it is raised, it will in its passage to the upper junction give half a revolution to the solid cylinder, and in descending will complete the revolution by the action of the friction-roller on the:
other portion of the groove.
When two cylinders are used,'they are to be placed parallel to each other, and at such a distance apart that the pistons of each may, in like manner, act upon the solid cylinder; the piston of one'being up when the other is, down. The boiler, the steam-pipe, the valves for the admission and discharge of steam, and other appendages, may -besimilar to some of those already in use. From the revolving shaft, already described,

440

SUPREME COURT.

Hogg et al. v.-Emerson.

a rotary motion may be communicated to peddle-wheels, steam-
carriages, or other objects. As it is my intention, ingeneral, to place my cylinders and revolving shaft vertically, I commu-
nicate motion to the horizontal shaft of a paddle-wheel by means of bevel-geared wheels near the lower end, or at any convenient part of the shaft; and by similar gearing, carriages may be propelled upon rail or ordinary roads.
When used for steamboats, I employ an improved' spiral paddle-wheel, differing essentially from those which have here-
tofolehbeen essayed. This spiral I make by taking a piece of me6l of such length as I intend the spiral propeller to be, and of a suitable width, say, for example, eighteen inches; this I bend along the centre so as to form two sides, say of nine inches in width, standing at right angles, or nearly so, to each other, and give to it, longitudinally, the-tpiral curvature which I wish.. Of these pieces I prepare two or three,, or more, and fix them on to the outer end of the paddle-shaft, by medns of
arms of a suitable length, say of two feet, more or less, in such a position that the trough-form given to them longitudinally shall be effective in acting uponthe water. It must be entirely under water, and operate in the direction of the boat's way; instead of metal, the spiral propeller may be formed of wood, and worked into the proper form, - the shape, and not the material thereof, being the only point of importance.
Where a capstan is required, as on board of a steamboat, I allow the upper end of the vertical shaft befcre described to pass through the deck of the vessel, and atta.ch the capstan thereto, so that it may be made to revolve by the action of the shaft, using such ray-wheels and falls to connect the shaft and the capstan as will allow of their being conveniontly engaged and disengaged.
What I claim as my invention, and for which I ask a patent, is the substituting for the crank in the reciprocating engine a grooved cylinder, operating in the manner hereinbefore described, by means of its connection with the piston-rod, together with all the variations of which this principle is susceptible'; as, forexample, a bar of metal mEy be bent in the form of a groove, and attached to the revolving shaft, and frictionwheels on the piston-rod may embrace this on each side, producing an effect similar to that produced by the groove. I also
claim the spiral propelling-wheel, contracted and operating in the manhr in which I have set forth; and, likewise the application of the revolving vertical shaft to the turning of a capstan on -the deck of a vessel. Not intending, in either of these
parts, to confine, myself to precise forms or dimensions, but to vary them in such manner as experience or convenience may

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

441

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

dictate, whilst the principle of action remains unchanged, and similar results are produced .bysimilar means.
JOHN BROWN EmEnsoK.

At April term, 1844, Emerson brought a=r action of trespass on the. case in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York, against Hogg and Delamater, for an infringement of his patent-right. -As one of the points decided by the couit was whether or not the allegations of the declaration corresponded with the evidence of the patent, it is
thought proper to insert the declaration. It was as follows, viz.:-
"John B. Emerson, a citizen of the State of New 'York, by Peter Clark, his attorney, complains of Peter Hogg an aCor-
nelius Delamater, citizens of the same State, defendants, in custody, &c., of a plea of trespass. on the case.
"For that, whereas the said plaintiff was the original inventor of a certain new and useful improvement, in the letters-. patent .hereinafter mentioned and fully described, the same being a certain improvement in the steam-engine, and in' the mode of propelling therewith either vessels on the water or carriages on thb land, which was not known or used before his said invention, and which was not, at the time of-his applisation for a patent, as hereinafter mentioned, in public use with his consent or allowance. And the said plaintiff being so as aforesaid the inventor thereof, and being also a citizen of the United States, on the eighth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, upon due application therefor, did obtain certain letters-patent therefor, in due form of law, under the seal of the' United States, signed by'Andrew Jackson, then President, and countersigned by Louis 'McLane, then Secretary of State, beairing date tI~e day and year aforesaid, whereby there was secured to him, the said plaintiff, his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, for -the term of fourteen years from and after the date of the said patent, the exclusive right and liberty of making, using, and vending to others to be used,
the said improvement, as by the said letters-patent in court to beproduced will fully appear. And the said plaintiff further says; that the said defendailts, well knowing the said several premises, but contriving, and wrongfully and injuriously intending to injure the. plaintiff, and deprive him of the profits, benefits, and advantagces which he might, and otherwise would, have derived and acquired from the making, using, and vending of the said ini efitioji or imlirovement) after the making and issuing bf the said letters-patent, and within the term of fourteen years in said letters-patent mentioned, to wit, on the

442

SUPREME COURT.

,Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

first day of January, eighteen hundred and forty, and on divers other days and times between that time and the commence-
ment of this suit, at the cify of New York, and within the southern district of New York, wrongfully and unjustly, without the leave or license, and against the will, ,of the plaintiff, made and sold divers, to wit, ten machines for propelling boats,. in imitation of the said invention and improvement, or a part of the said invention or improvement, to the benefit, use, and enjoyment whereof the said plaintiff was and is entitled as aforesaid, in violation tnd infringement of the said letterspatent, and of the'exclusive right and privilege to which the
plaintiff was and is entitled .as aforesaid, and contrary to the form of the statutes of the United States in such case made
and provided. "And the said plaintiff. further says, that the said defendant,
well knowing the said several premises, but further contriving
and intending as aforesaid, after the obtaining of the said letters-
patent by the said plaintiff as aforesaid, and. within the said term of fourteen years, to wit, on the said first day of January, eighteen hundred and forty, and at divers other times between that day and the commencement of this suit, within the southern district of New*York aforesaid, wrongfully and unjustly, without the leave or license, and against the will, of the plaintiff, did make and sell divers, to wit, .ten improved machines for propelling boats or vessels upon the water, constructed in a similar form and acting upon the same principle as the said
machine or improvement, to the benefit; use, and enjoyment whereof the said plaintiff was and is entitled by his said letterspatehlt, as aforesaid, iri violation and infringement of the exclusive right so secured to the said plaintiff, by the said-letters-
patent isaforesaid, and contrary to the form of the statute in such case made and provided.
"And the said -plaintifffurther says, that the said defendant, -well.knowing the said several premises, but contriving and intending as aforesaid, after the obtaining of the said letterspatent by the said plaintiff as aforesaid, and within the said term of fourteen years, to wit, on the said first day of January, eighteen hundred and forty,,and at divers other times between that day and the commencement of this suit, in the southern
district of New York aforesaid, wrongfully and unjustly .and without the consent or allowance, and against the will, of the plaintiff, did imitate in part and make a certain addition to the said invention or improvement, to. the benefit, use, and enjoyment whereof the plaintiff was and is entitled as aforesaid, in breach of the said letters-patent, and in violation aid infringement of the'exclusive right and privilege so secured to the

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

443

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

said plaintiff-as aforesaid, and contrary to the form of the
statute in such case made and provided. "By means of the committing of which said several griev-
ances by the said defendants, a aforesaid, the said plaintiff is
greatly injured, and has lost and been deprived of divers great gains and profits which he might and otherwise would have derived from the said invention and improvement in the said letters-patent described and set forth, and in respect whereof he was and is entitled to such privilege as aforesaid, and was and is otherwise damnified to the damage of the said plaintiff of ten thousand dollars, and therefore," &c.
To this declaration, the defendants pleaded the general issue, and filed a copy of the special matteis of defence to the action.
In May, 1847, the cause came on for trial. The patent was given in evidence, when the counsel for the defendants prayed the'court to instruct the jury that the patent, thus produced in evidence by the said plaintiff, 'was void, for the. reasons following: -
1. That the claim of the plaintiff, as set forth in his specification annexed to his letters-patent, embraces the entire spiral paddle-wheel; the claim is, therefore, too broad upon the face of it, and the letters-patent are void upon this ground, and the defendants'are entitled to a verdict.
2. That the patent is void upon its face, for this, that,purporting to be a patent for an improvement, and specifying that the invention is of "an improved spiral paddle-wheel, differ-
ing essentially from any which have heretofore been essayed,".
without pointing out in what the difference Consists, or in any manner whatever indicating the improvement by distinguish-. ing it from the previously essayed spiral paddle-wheels, it ,is wanting in .an essential prerequisite to the validity of letterspatent for an improvement.
3. That the patent is void upon its face, for this, - that it embraces several distinct and- separate inventions, as improvements 'in several distinct and independent machines susceptible of independent operation,.not necessarily connected with each other in producing the result arrived at in the invention, and the subjeci-matter of separate and independent inventions.
4. It appears in evidence, that the drawing and model of the paddle-wheel of plaintiff, filed and deposited. originally in the patent-office, had been lost by the destruction of that office in December, 1836, and that in restoring the record of the patent, under the act of March, 1837, the plaintiff sent fAom New Orleans to the office a new drating, to be filed on the 5th'of' May, 1841, together with a court. copy of the letters-patent which were deposited in the office. The drawing was not.

SUPREME COURT.
Hogg, et al. v.Emerson.
sworn to by he plaintiff, but remained in the office till January, 1844, when it was delivered to an agent of the plaintiff and sent to New Orleans, and sworn to by him, and filed in the. department on the 12th. of February, 1844. On an examination subsequently by the plaintiff, it was discovered that this drawing was imperfectly made, and thereupon a second drawing was procured by him, which he claimed and offered to provie to be an accurate one, and was sworn to, and filed on the 27th of March, 1844, an authenticated copy of which was offered in evidence on the trial b the plaintiff; which was objected to by the counsel for the defendants, but the objection was overruled and the evidence admitted, to which an exception was taken.
5. That if from the evidence the jury are satisfied that no propelling-wheels were made by the defendants between the 27th of March, 1844, the date of the alleged completion of the record of the plaintiff's patent, under the act of March 3d, 1837, and the commencement of this suit in April following, that, upon this ground, the defendants are entitled to a verdict.
The court charged, in respect to the instructions prayed for, that"' the claim of the plaintiff was for an improvement on the spiral paddle-wheel or propellei; that, by a new arrangement of the parts of the wheel, he had been enabled to effect a new and improved application and use of the same in the propulsion of vessels; that the ground upon which the claim is grounded was this: it is the getting rid of nearly all the resisting surface of the wheels of Stevens, Smith, and others, by placing the spiral paddles or propelling surfaces on the ends of arms, instead of carrying the paddles themselves in a continued surface to the hub or shaft. It is claimed that a great portion of the old blade not only did not aid in the propulsion, but actually impaired its efficiency, and also that the improved wheel is made stronger. It was made a question on the former trial, whether the plaintiff did not claim, or intend 'to claim, the entire wheel. But we understand it to be for an improvement upon the spiral paddle-wheel, claimed to be new and useful in the arrangement of its parts, aid more effective, by fixing the spiral paddles upon the extremity of arms, at a distance from the shaft."
The court further instructed the jury, that CCthe description of the invention was-aufficient, and that the objection, that the parts embraced several distinct discoveries, was untenable."
The court firther charged, ",that the damages were not necessarily confined to the making of the wheels between -arch, 1844, when the drawings were restored to the jpatentoffice, and the bringing of the suit. Such a limitation assumes

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

445

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

that there can be no infringement of the patent after the de-

struction of the records, in 1836, until theyare restored to the

patent-office, and'that, during the intermediate -time, the iights

of patentees would be violated with impunity." We do not

assent to this view.

In the first place, the act of Congress providingfor the res-

toration was not paised till 3d March, 1837; and, in the second

place, in addition to this, a considerable time must necessarily

elapse before the act would be generally known, and then a

still further period, before copies of the drawings and models

could be procured. Patentees: are not responsible for the fire,

nor did it work a forfeiture of their rights.

The ground for the restriction claimed is, that the commu-

nity have no means. of as.certaining, but by a iesort to the

records of the.patent-office, whether the construction of a par-

ticular machine or instrument would be a violation of the

rights of others, and the infringement might- be innocently

committed.

But if the embarrassment happened without the fault of

the patentee, he is not responsible for it; nor is the reas6n ap-

plicable to the case of a patent that has been published,. and

the invention known to the publi. The specification in this

case had been published. It is true, if it did not sufficiently

describe the improvement without 'the aid of the drawing, this

fact would not help the plaintiff. If there- had been unreasona-

ble delay and neglect in restoring the records, and in the mean

time a defendant'had innocently made the patented article, a fair

ground would be laid for a mitigation of the rule of damages, if

not for the .withholding them altogethei; and the court left

the question of fact as to reasonable diligence of tLe patentee

or not in this respect, and also all questions of fact involved

in the points of the case for the defendants, to the jury. -

The counsel for the defdndants 'excepted to each and every

part of 'the chaige of the court, so .far as said charge did'not

adopt the prayer on the part of the defendants.

-

The verdict of the jury was, that the said Peter Hogg.and

Cornelius Delamater, the defendants, are guilty of the premises

within laid to their charge, in manner and form as the said

John B. Emerson hath within complained against them, and

they assess the damages of the said plaintiff, on occasion

thereof, over and above his costs and charges by him about

this suit in this behalf.:xpended, at one thc umnd five hundred

dollars, and for those 6osts and charges at six cents.

The judgment of the court was, that the said John B. Em-

ers'on do recover against the said Peter Hogg. and Cornelius

Delamater his*damages, costs, and.charges in form -aforesaid

VOL. V1.

38

SUPREME COURT.
Hogg et al. v. Emerson.
by the jurors aforesaid assessed, and also three hundred and twenty-four dollars and fifteen cents, for his-said costs and charges by the said court now here adjudged of increase to the said John B. Emerson, and with his assent; which said damages, costs, and charges, in the whole, apount to one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four dollars and fifteen cents.
The cause was argued in this court, in printed arguments, by Mr. Upton and Mr. John 0. Sargent,for the plaintiffs in error, and Mr. Morton and Mr. Cutting,for the defendani in error. The arguments were too voluminous to be reported in eatenso, and it is not possible, therefore, to give more than extracts from each.
The counsel for the plaintiffs in error assigned as errors the following points.
I. 'The defendant in error has no patent for an improved spiral paddle-wheel.
II. If the defendant's patent is for the combination of instruments' described in the specificatiop, there is no pretence that the combination has been infringed; if for several separate improved machines, it cannot be supported in law.
III. Defendant's patent is void for too broad a claim, and for not distinguishing his alleged improvement from other inventions, nor particularly specifying, as the statute requires, the particular improvement which he claims as his own invention or discovery. The case exhibits an improvement as the invention, and the claim is for the whole machine.
IV. The.drawing filed March 27th, 1844, was not legal evidence of defendanV's patented invention, because there was, a drawing filed by the patentee on the 12th of February previous, which was, by the second section of the act of 1837, with his letters-patent, the only legal evidence of his invention, as patented, that could be offered in any judicial court of the United States.
V. - 1. The patentee, after an alleged correction of the record of his letters-patent,,by filing the second drawing, could not, in law, avail himself of that alleged correction to cover by it alleged causes of action previously accruing; and in the absence of proof of any subsequent infringements, the plaintiffs here were entitled to a verdict below.
-2. Nor was he entitled to recover damages for any alleged infringement prior to the alleged completion of his record by the filing of the corrected drawing of 27th March, 1844.
VI. "What was reasonable-time in this case for the restoration.of defendant's patent to the office, if not expressly fixed

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

447

Hogg et al.x. Emerson.

by statute (act of 1837, sec. 2), was exclusively a question. of law.

Mr. Upton, for plaintiffs. in error.
I. This action was brought to recover damages from.the .de'fendants below, for their asserted infringement of an alleged patent of the plaintiff for -' an improved spiral paddle-wheel" ; and the first question t,which theattention of the court is re-
quested is one which is presented upon the face of the letterspatent, which constitute the basis of the action, and wlich are incorporated into'the bill of exceptions ;"it is.this: -Has the defendant in errpr any such patent?
If it be manifest to this court, upon an inspection .of the
record and an examination of the letters-patent, that he has no grant, as patentee, of "an improved spiral paddle-wheel," then it is 'submitted, that there is no escape from the necessity of reversing the judgment which has been rendered, awarding him damages for the invasion of such a grant. This necessity is in no manner affected, though it appear that the.objection was
not taken in the court below, either at the trial or upon amtion. in arrest of-judgment. It is sufficient if the defect be manifest upon the record; for it would be monstrous, to con-
tend .that. this court is powerless, in any case, to reverse the judgment, when it appears upon the record before them that
the very foundation of the judgment is so incurably and fatal*ly defective as to have been completely beyond the remedy of the party, ihough the objection were taken at the earliest possible stage of the proceedings. Authority can scarcely be
necessary to sustainthis position. But this court has decided, in the case of Slacum v. Pomeroy, 6 Cr. 221, that it is'not too late to allege as' error in the Supreme Court, a, defect which ought to.have prevented-the rendition of the judgment in the
court below- -""Had this error," say the court, "been moved in arrest of judgment, it is'presuriiable. the judgment would have been arrested "; and "there can be no doubthat any thing appearing upon the record which. Would have been fatal upon a motion in arrest of judgment is equally'fatal upon a writ of error." So also Garland v. Davis, 4 Howard, 131.
By the bill of exceptions it appears, ihat, upon the introduction in. evidence of the letters-patent by the plaintiff, "the counsel for the defendants did insist before the said Circuit Court, on behalf of said defendants, that the said letters-patent so produced'and given in evidence on the part of the said plaintiff, as aforesaid, were wholly insufficient as- the basis of the aforesaid action and claim upon the said defendants." -Now, by reference to- the letters-patent (page 7-of the record); the

448

SUPREME COURT.

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

court'will perceive that the.grant to the patentee, upon the face of the letters, is for "an improvement in the steam-engine," and for that alone; that it was for that alone that he solicited a patent by petition; that it was of. that improvement only
that he made oath that he was the original and first inventor. Such is the grant, and so is it recorded; and the public would seek in vain upon the records of the patent-ofmicefor a patent to the plaintiff below for C1an improved spiral paddle-wheel."
It will not be contended that the letters, standing alone, confer any title to such an invention. . But it may be said, that, inasmuch as the patentee has described a paddle-wheel, and also an improved m~thod of causing a capsfan to revolve upon the deck of a vessel, as well as his improvement in the steamengine, and claimed these; as well as his steam-engine, in his
schedule annexed to the l.etters-patent, the grant must be construed to cover the paddle-wheel and -the capstan, as well as the steam-engine, though il be in express terms for the steamengine only, though it was for that alone that he solicited a patent, and it was that alone that he made oath he had invented. Were this doctrine .maintainable, it is obvious that it would be wholly subversive of the policy of the law, which looks as well
to the protectidn of the public as it-does to the encouragement of inventors. That the schedule annexed to letters-patent forms a part of the patent, and that they are to be construed together,- is undoubtedly well established. This is the- English doctrine, as well as that of our own courts; and, by a careful investigation of the authorities, it will be pereeived that Mr. Phillips, in his elementary work (pp. 224 et seq.), is mistaken in supposing that there is any conflict between them.
By these authorities it is decided, that the title of the invention, as contained in the patent, may be explained by its description in. the specification, whenever such title is general, a.nbiguous, or uncertain; and the patent will be sustained in all cases, unless the patent indicate one invention,'and the spe-
cification deseribe another and different invention. American authorities.-Phillips on Patents, 224, and cases cited; Sullivan v. Redfield, Paine, C. C. R. 442; Shaw v. Cooper; 7 Peters, 292, 3t5; Evans v. Chambers, 2 Wash. C. C. R. 125; Barrett v. Hall, 1 Mason, 476; Whittemore v. Cutter, 1 Gall. 437; Evans v. Eaton, Peters, C. C. R. 341. English authorities.- Godson on Patents, 108, 113, and cases; Neilson v. Harford, Webster, 312, and arg.; Rex v. Wheeler, 2 Barn. & Ald. 350; S. C., 3 Merivale, 629; Glegg's Patenlt, Webster, 117; Rus.sell v. Cowley, Webster, 470; .Househill v. Neilson, Webster, 679.
When Mr. Phillips says (Phillips on Patents, 225), that .any defect in the -title may bofremedied by the specification, what

JANUARY TERM; 1848.

449

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

he means is apparent by reference to the cases which he cites. The description comes in aid-of a defective title, but never can create a new title; by adding to the grant. There must be such a-conformity between the title and the"specification as that the former shall give some idea of the latter. It' is the description of the thing patented "which is made part of these presents," not a description of something else, 6f which the title of the grant gives-no idea.
Thus reads the patent itself. After reciting that John Brown Emerson had by petition solicited a patent for an improvement
in the steam-engine, had made oath that he was the first and original inventor of said improvement, and paid-the fee of' thirty dollars into the treasury, it grants to him the exclusive right,
&c., in the said improvement, "a description whereof is given in the words of the said John Brown Emerson himself, in the schedule hereunto annexed, and is made a part of these presents." Then follows the caption of the schedule, thus: "The schedule referred to in these letters-patent, and making part of the same, containing a description in the words of the said John Brown Emerson himself of his improvement in- the steam-engine."
No reported authority can be found in the remotest degree sustaining the proposition, that a description and claim of any thing .contained in a specification are covered by the grant, though the grant make no reference to it, and the title is so entirely distinct from it as to suggest no idea of the thing described. Were this proposition tenable, then were.we to strike out from this patentee's specification every word descriptive of his improvement in the steam-engine, leaving nothing but the comparatively few words descriptike of the spiral paddle-wheel and the improved: capstan, the 'grant for the improvement in the'steam-engine must be construed as a grant for an improved spiral paddle-wheel and an improved capstan. Now, would it nut be monstrous to contend that an instrument of so solemn a character as a government grant of -letters-patent is to be added to and enlarged by construction?
The doctrine as settled, upon every principle of construction, is the true doctrine ; - that the description of the thing patented, contained in the schedule annexed to the patent, constitutes a part of the patent, and may be and should be resorted to, in construing the patent, to control the generality of the title and to explain or elucidate ambiguities or uncertainties; but that
a description of a thing not indicated by the patent, not even remotely suggested by the grant or the title, can never be construed with the patent for the purpose of adding to or enlarging the terms of the grant.'
38*

451

SUPREME COURt.

Hogg ot al. v. Emerson.

That this doctrine may be made more obvious and conclusive, - if it be possible or desirable, - the court is referred to the provisions of the statute under which the letters-patent in this case issued.
The inventoris required to present his petition soliciting the patent, and to make oath that he is the inventor. The statute further requires that the letters-patent shall recite the allegations and suggestions of. the petition, and give a short description of the invention. This requisition was obviously for the twofold purpose, 1st, that.it might appear that the proper preliminary steps had been taken by the applicant, of which the recital in the letters was proof; and, 2d, that it might, on their fate, be seen what was the nature and character of the grant. (Act of 1793, % 1, 3.) Nqw, did this patentee present his petition, soliciting a patent for an improved spiral paddle-wheel, and make oath that he was the inventor of that improvement? If it be answered that he did, then the positive requisition of the statute is not complied with, for the patent recites the allegations and suggestions of no such petition, and gives a short description" of no such invention; and for this reason the pa-. tent would be absolutely void.
This is well established in the following cases: - Evans v. Eaton, Peters, C. C R. 340; Kneiss v. Schuylkill Bank, 4 Wash. C. C. R. 9 ; Cutting et al. v. Myers, 4 Wash. C. C. R.
220-; Evans v. Chambers, 2 Wash. C. C. R. 125. * If the letters-patent do recite the allegations and suggestions of the petition, then the patentee did not solicit a patent for "an improved spiral paddle-wheel" or an "improve d 'capstan" ; he did not make oath that he had. invented these. improvements, and hence the letters contain no description whatever of these improvements, and confer no grant of an exclusive right in them upon the patentee. -
(The counsel then quoted largely from the opinion of Judge Washington in Evans 6. Eaton, Peters, C. C. R. 340.) . II. At the trial, the defendants' counsel requested the court to instruct the jury, " that the patent of the plaintiff was void upon its face, for-this, - that it embraces several distinct and separate inventions, as improvements in several distinct and separate machines susceptible of independent operation, and not necessarily connected with each other in producing the result aimed at in the invention, and the subject-matter of separate and distinct patents." The court charged the jury, that 1!the objection that the patent embraced several distinct discoveries is untenable." In this it is respectfully submitted that the court below erred.
(The counsel here cited and commented on Phillips on Pa-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

451

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

tents. "It is well settled, that two or more distinct machines,

capable of independent operations, cannot be united in. one pa-

tent." 3 Wheat. 454; 1 Mason, 447; 2 Mason, 112; 1 Sto-

ry, 290.)

III. At the trial of this case, the counsel for the defendants

requested 'the court to instruct the jury, "1that th6 claim of the

plaintiff, as set forth in his specification annexed to hisiletters-

patent, embraces the entire spiral paddle-wheel; the claim is,

therefore, too broad upon, the face of it, and the letters-patent

are void upon this ground." Upon this point the court charged

the jury as follows: - "It was made a question on the former

trial, whether the plaintiff did not claim the entife wheel; but

we understand it to. be for an improvement upon the spiral

paddle-wheel, claimed to be new and useffil in the arrange-

ment of its parts, and more effective, by fixing the spiral pad-

dleIsVu. pAont

the the

extremity

of

arms,

at

a

distance

from

the

shaft."

trial, the counsel for the dbfendants also request-

ed the court to instruct thejury, 11that the patent is void-upon

its face for this, -that, purporting to be a patent for an im-

provement,.and spedifying that the invention is of an improved

spiral paddle-wheel, ' differing essentially from.any that have

heretofore been essayed,' without pointing out in what the dif-

ference consists, or in any manner whatever- ihdicating the

improvement by distinguishing it from the previously 'essayed

spiral paddle-wheels, it is wanting in an essential pierequisite

to the'validity of letters-patent for an improvement." Upon

this'point the court charged the jury as follows.: -that "1the

claim of the plaintiff was for an iniprovement on the spiral

paddle-wheel or propeller, - that, by a new arrangement of the

parts of the wheel, he has been. enabled to effect a new and

improved application and use of the same in the propulsion of

vessels. That the ground upon which the claim is founded is

this: it is the getting rid of nearly all the resisting surface

of the wheels of Stevens, Smith, and others, by placing the

spiral paddles or propelling surfaces on the ends of arms, in-

stead of carrying the paddles themselves in a continued surface

to the hub or shaft. It is ctaimed that a great portion of the

old blade not only did not aid in the propulsion, but actually

impaired its efficiency, and also that the inaproved wheel 'is

much stronger." And the court further charged the jury, that

"the description of the invention was sufficient."

Upon thdse two points, it is submitted'that the court below

erred. They are so connected, by reason of the peculiar cir-.

cumstances of the case, that they will be presented and consid-

ered together, though they are distinct grounds of objection to

the patent.

452

SUPREME COURT.

Hogg et al. -v.Emerson.

(The counsel then contended that the specification ought 'to be construed by itself, and be so clear as to be understood, without resorting to evidence or any other source of in-
formation, and cited:-English authorities.- McFarlane v. Price, 1 Starkie, 199; In re Nickels, Hindmarch on Patents, 186; 1Hil v. Thompson, 3 Merivale, 622; S C., 8 Taunton,
325. "Americanauthorities.-Dixon v. Moyer, 4 Wash. C. C. .R.69; Evans v. Hettick, 3 Wash. C. C. R.425; Lowell v. Lewis, 1 Mason, C. C. R. 189; Ames v. Howard, 1 Sumner,
482.) This leads to the principle in the law of patents involved in
the fourth point. It is the positive requisition of the statute, and has been repeatedly considered and passed upon by the federal judicial tribunals..
Before an inventor shall receive a patent, he is required, "in case of any machine, ftilly" to explair the principle and the several modes in which he has contemplated the application of that principle or character, by which it may be distinguished from other inventions, and shall particularly.specify-and point out the particular improvement or combination which he claims as his own invention or discovery."- The requisition of the English law is similar in this respect.
Now, before proceeding to consider whether the patentee, in this case, has complied with this positive and salutay requisition of the law, the attention of the court is requested to the reported cases in which the requisition has received judicial
construction.
By a careful examination of these authorities, it will be found established, that, where a patent is taken out for an improvement, the specification must describe what the improvement is, and the patent be limited to such improvement; - if the patent includes the whole machinery, it includes more than the patentee invented, and is therefore void; - that if the patent be for an improvement in an existing machine, the patentee must, in his specification, distinguish the new from the old, and confine his patent to such paits only as are new, and if both be mixed up together, and a patent is taken for the whole, it is void; that, hoWever the authorities may apparently vary in pointing out the - particula manner in which the patentee must specify his improvement, and-distinguish what he claims as new and his invention from what was old and before known, yet that they are in perfect harmony in deciding that he must do this in some manner, and upon the face of the specification.
American authorities.- Evans v. Eaton, 3 Wheat. 454 ; Woodcock v. Parker, 1 Gall. 438; Whittemore v. Cutter, 1 Gall. 478; Odiorne v. Winkley, 2 Gall. 51; Lowell v. Lewis, I Mason, 182;

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

453

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

Barrett v. Hall, 1 Mason, 447; Sullivan v. Redfield, Paine, C. C. R. 4-1; Evans v. Eaton, 7 Wheat. 408; Dixon v. Moyer, 4 Wash. C. C. R. 69; Isaacs v. Cooper, 4 Wash. C. C. R. 261; Cross v. Huntly, 13 Wend. 385;. Head v. Stevens, 19 Wend. 411; Ames v. Howard, 1"Sumner, 482; Kneiss v. Schuylkill Bankl, 4 Wash. G. C. R. 9; Morris v. Jenkins et al., 3 McLean, 250; Peterson. v. Woodier, 3 McLean, 248. English cases. - McFarlane v. Price, 1 Starkie, 199; Williams v. Brodie, Davies, Pat. Cases, 96, 97; Manton v. Manton, Davies, Pat. Cases, 349; Hill v. Thompson, 8 Taunton; 325; Minter v. Wells, 1 Webster, 130, Rex v. Nickels, Hindmarch on
Paients, 186. Now apply the rule of law, as prescribed by the statute and
construed by these authorities, to the patent in this case. Ad-
mit that rule, as most liberally stated, in any reported decision,. and the counsel respectfully asks, in what manner, upon the face of the patentee's specification, has he distinguished that which- he claims'as new, and his invention, from what was oldand before known; or pointed out in what his improvement consists? It is most confidently answered, that he has done this ii no manner whatever, neither expressly nor by implication; nor by any reference, and it is not in the wit of man to determine, upon the .face of the specification, what the improvement is which the patentee claims or intended to claim. The
court below, in their construction of the claim, in -charging the jury, say, that the improvement consists "in a new arrangemerit of the parts." Does this appear, either in terms, or even impliedly, upon the face of the description? So far from this, -the last words of the patentee, in his description, are, that the
"shape" of the thing is the "only point of importance." _-The court further say, that this new arrangement of the parts consists in "getting rid of nearly all the resisting surface of the wheel of Stevens, Smith, and others, by placing the spiral pad-
dies or propelling surfaces on the ends of arms, instead of carrying the paddles themselves in a continued surface to the hub or shaft."
Where, upon the face of the description, is theie any mention made of Stevens's, Smith's, or of-any previously invented wheel, save in the general declaration by the patentee, that his improved wheel "differs . essentially from any which have been heretofore essayed,"7-a declaration which' the court, in the case of Barrett v. Hall, above cited, declare to be " no specification at all"? And where, upon the face of the specification, is there the most remote allusion to the "getting rid of resist-
ing surface "? I V. At the trial of the case, "it appeared in evidence that the

454

SUPREME COURT.

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

drawing and model of-the paddle-wheel of the plaintiff, filed
and deposited originally in the patent-office, had been lost by the destruction of that office in December, 1836, and that, in restoring the record of the patent, under the act of March, 1837, the plaintiff sent from New'Orleans to the office a new drawing, to be filed on the 5th of May, 1841, together with a
court copy of the .letters-patent, which were deposited in the office. The drawing was not sworn to by the plaintiff, but remained in the office till January,.1844, when. it was delivered to an agent of the plaintiff, and sent to New Orleans, and
sworn to by him, and filed in the department on the 12th day of February, , 184 1 On an examination, subsequently, by the plaintiff, it was discovered that this drawing was imperfectly made, and thereupon a second drawing was procured by him, which he claimed and offered to prove to be an accurate one, and was sworn to and filed on the 27th day of March, 1844, an authenticated copy of which was offered in evidence on the
trial by the plaintiff, which was objected to by the counsel for the defendarts; but the objection was overruled, and the evidence admitied, to which an exception was taken."
It is contended, that the Circuit Court erred in admitting in evidence the second drawing of March 27th, 1844, and in sup-port of this position, the following considerations are respectfully submitted.
(The counsel then urged, That the patentee had exhausted his privilege, when he
swore to the first .drawing. That, if allowed to file more than one, he might continue
to file them dowh to the day of trial. That the first drawing became, by the statute, P,im fade
evidence of the invention, and there could not be two such. That if this patentee had procured a re-issue of his patent,
under the third section of the act of 1837, he would not have
been entitled to the privilege which he now claims, aind it is unreasonable to suppose that Congress intended to give greater privileges under one section than another.)
VI. At the trial of this case, the counsel for the defendants requested the court to instruct the jury as follows: - "that if, from the evidence, the jury are satisfied that no propellingwheels were made by -the defendants between the 27th of
March, 1844, - the date of the alleged completion of the record of the "plaintiff's patent, under the act of March 3d, 1837, -and the commencement of this suit in April-following, that, upon this-ground, the defendants are entitled to a verdicf."
The court refused to grant this prayer, and left it, as a question of fact, for the jury to say, whether there had or had

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

455

Hogg et.al. v. Emerson.

not been unreasonable delay on the part of the patentee in restoring the record. Now, was this a question of fact? It is submitted, that it was not, but that, under the circumstances,. it was purely a question of law, to be passed upon by the
court. The record .shows, that, from the burning 'of the patent-
office, in December, 1836, up to the month of May, 1841, no step whatever was taken by the patentee to restore the record of his patent, and that he then delayed to complete the record until the month of February, 1844. Of course, there could have been. no dispute as to the fact in connection with the question of reasonable or unreasonable diligence. Now, the authorities are clear in establishing this doctrine, - that, when there is no dispute as to the facts, the questions Of reasonable or unreasonable time, or delay, or diligence, are questions of
law for the court, and not of fact for the jury. The following cases are referred to: -Ellis v. Paige, I Pick. 43 ; S. C., 2 ib. 71, 77, note; Gilbert v. Moody, I7 Wend. 354; Reynolds v. Ocean Ins. Co., 22 Pick. 191; Livingston & Gilchrist '.Maryland Ins. Co., 7 Cr. 506.
And now as to the charge of the court, that "the damages
were not necessarily confined to the making of the wheels be-
tween March, 1844, when the drawings were restored to the, patent-office, and the bringing of this suit." Is Uot.this error? Why was the drawing of March 27th, 1844, filed in the patent-
office? For the reason only, as avowed, that the drawing of February preceding was incorrect and defective. For the reason only, that the public had no notice, or, what is still worse, that the public had an imperfect and deceptive information, by-
the first drawing of' the particulars of the patentee's invention. Would it not be monstrous to allow a patentee to recover damages for an alleged infringement made at a time when, by his
solemn oath, he declares that the defendant was not notified of the-character of his invention ?- nay, inore, when he swears,
that, at the time of the alleged infringement, the only recorded notice of his invention, sworn to-by himself, was imperfect,
incorrect, and insufficient? But by an examination of the grounds upon which the
court rest their decision upon this question, it will be seen in what manner the error has arisen. The court say, the limitation contended for by-the defendants 11assumes that there can be no infringement of the patent after the destrufti6n of the.
records in 1836, until they are restored to the patent-officee and that, during the intermediate time,'the fights of patentees would be violated with impunity." With the greatest deference, it will appear, upon a consideration of the statute provisions, that
the doctrine contended for involves no such assumption.

456

SUPREME COURT.

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

The second section of the act of 1837 provides for the very difficurty which is urged by the court as the sole objection to
the limitation contended for. Foreseeing that some time must necessarily elapse before patentees could be informed of their rights aid duties, and prepare copies of their patents and drawings and models, Congress has provided, in this section, that, from the 15th of December, 1836, when the patent-office was
burned, to the 1st day of June, 1837, and not, after, patentees and others may give in evidence their patents in any court, notwithstanding that. they have not been re-recorded, and no verified drawing of the invention has been filed in the patentoffice.
Is there not great danger, in the dispositidn to give the most l bleral' and enlarged interpretation to statute provisions for the protection and encouragement of inventors, that the rights of the public may be too much disregarded?
By the burning of the patent-office, something more was involved than the loss of the evidences of the rights of patentees. The public were thereby deprived of the only notice which the law recognizes of what they could and what they could not do, without being subjected to prosecutions for invasions of patent-rights. For the public, in the Janguage of Judge Washington, in a case before cited, "can depend upon no other information, to enable. them to avoid the consequences of litigation, than what the records may afford. No description Of the discovery, secured by a patent, will fulfil the demands of justice and of the law, but Auch as is of record in the patentoffice, and of which all the world may have the benefit."
Now Congress, in legislating to repaii the loss of the patentoffice, and to provide against its natural consequences, had in view the protectionof the public,, as well as patentees.; and
while, on the one hand, it was justly considered that patentees ought not to suffer by reason of a loss arising from no fault
of theirs, on the other, it was as justly considered that the public ought not to suffer by reason of a tdo long delay on the part of patentees to furnish to the public anew the recorded descriptions of their inventions. Thus the second section of the act of 1837, saving the rights of patentees, enables them to recover damages for infringements after the burning of the
patent-office, and down to the month of June, 1837, notwithstanding the non-existence of any public record of their inventions; but, saving the rights of the public, the statute gives no further time.
Is not this ilear? And being so, is it not manifest that the court below erred in the instructions given to the jury upon
this point?

-JANUARY TERM, 1848.

457

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

The drawing of a patentee, annexed to'his patent, or referred to in his specification, constitutes a part of the patent,'and oftentimes, as in this case, is the most material portion'of the description, -without which the invention would be virtually undescribed. Now, when a patentee alters or amends his patent, whether in the written description or the delineated description, there is nothing better established than that he cannot recover damages for an alleged infringement committed prior to such amendment. The authorities to this point are conclusive, and in perfect uniformity; some of them, and those the most recent, going so far as to maintain that it makes no difference though the am~ndment be of a mere clerical error. In re Nickels, Turner & Phillips, 44; S. C., 1 Webster, 659;
Hindmarch on Pat. (Eng. ed.) 216 et seq.; Wyeth v. Stone, 1 Story, 290; Woodworth v. Hall, 1 Minot & Woodb. 248, 389.
It is submitted, that a denial of the doctrine here urged on' behalf of the plaintiffs in error would be equivalent to an ab-
rogation of the provisions of the thirteenth section of the atent act of .1837, which declares that a patent can only be
amended by a. surrender and re-issue, and that the amended patent can only operate upon causes of action iccruing subsequently to the amendment.
Construe the first section of the act of 1837 as the court
below has construed it, and what is the consequence ? ' A patentee,,;.whose grant is dated on or before the'14th of De'cem-
ber, 1836, may maintain actions for infringement of his rights from then to the present time,'without any public record of his' patent whatsoever being in existence during the entire
period, provided he produces at the trial an authenticated copy of his patent and drawings from the patent-office, recorded there, perhaps, but the 'day before! From this consequence, 'it is submitted, there could be no escape, and small, indeed, would be the hope of escape for the innocent invader of the unrecorded right, with the question of reasonable diligence in the restoration of the record left to the decision of a jury.

Mr. Morton and Mr. Cutting, for the defendant in error.

I.. The first point raised by the plaintiffs in error does not

properly arise. The jury rendered a verdidt for $ 1 500 dam-

ages. The amount in controversy being less than $ 2,000,

the defendants below had no right to remove the cause to this

court. They moved the Circuit Court for a new trial upon a

case made, which motion w,s denied, and judgment was dock-

eted upon the verdict. The defendants '.below then applied to

the Circuit Court for the allowance of a '-rit of error, under

the 17th section of the -ct of Congress, approved July 4, 1836,.

VOL. V.

39

458

SUPREME COURT.

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

which authorizes writs of error in patent cases to'the Supreme CQurt,of the United States, in the same manner, and under .the same circumstances, as was then provided by law in other judg"mentsand decrees of Circuit Courts, "and in all other cases in which the court should deem it reasonable to allow the same."
Having no right to a writ of error, therefore, unless the judges of the Circuit Court "should deem it reasonable to allow
the same," application for the writ was made to the discretion of the court;. and the application was granted so far as to allow the defendants to raise, for the consideration of the Su-
preme Court, five 'points specified by the court below, and which constitute the 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, and 6th .points now pre-sented by 'the plaintiffs in error.* The defendants availed themselves of the permission to -issue a writ of error, restricted'. as above stated, and now, after the writ has been allowed, they seek to argue a question not embraced in tho~e specified by
-the court. It is respectfully submitted, that this course ought not to be
encouraged,. and that the grounds discussed in the first point taken by th&plaintiffs in error need not be considered by the
.counsel for the patentee. It. may be briefly remarked, however, that the point referred to was not raised at the trial, and does not appear upon the face of the record, or even upon the bill of exceptions. It was insisted below, that the patent wag void for the reasons specified in the bill of exceptions. The court will search in vain for the question attempted to be discussed by the tounsel for the plaintiffs in error in his first
point. Even if it were raised by the bill of exceptions, and were a
point that could. be argued here, it would be untenable. The .7rfumentappears to be, that the patentee has no patent for "an
eyproved paddle-wheel," because the title of the grant is for an improvement in the steam-engine, and the counsel for the
plaintiffs in error argues as if the letters and the schedule were not part of the same instrument. By taking the whole patent together, that is, the letters and the specification, there can be

* Writ of error allowed in respect to the question: -
1. Whether the patent is void as embracing two or more distinct and independent inventions or improvements. * 2. Whether the 'claim is for entire paddle-wheel, or only for an improvement.
3. Whether the new is sufciently distinguished from the old. 4. Whether the corrected drawing was properly allowed and filed. 5. Whether the rule of damages was correct, on condition that case be submitted on written argument to, Supreme Court at ensuing term, before 1st February, and judgment to be secured by filing the usual bond. A copy of Judge Nelson's indorsement on petition for writ of error.
ALZX'R GARDIN.It, Cr

JANUAR TERM, 1848.

459

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

=

no difficulty in ascertaining the extent of the patent. It grants

to the patentee the right "1of making, constructing, using, and

vending to others to be used, the said improvement, a descrip-

tion whereof is given in the words of the said patentee him-

self in the schedule hereto annexed, and is made a part of

these presents."

Thus the schedule is made a part of the patent, as much as

if it were recited in the letters themselves. 'The grant is for

the improvement described in the schedule,- and by referring

to the schedule, the improved paddle-wheel is distinctly em-

braced as a part of the claim.

-

In the construction of patents, the schedule annexed must

be always kept in view, and resorted to in order to ascertain

what is the invention claimed and patenfed. If the claim or

specification be more extensive than the actual invention, the

patent may be void in part br in whole for that reason; but

there can be no doubt that, primtl facie, the patentee has a

grant for all that he claims in the schedule annexed to his

patent. The description in the letters of the thing invented

is always very brief, because it points to and incorporates the

patentee's specification and description annexed, and which

usually sets forth minutely the whole claim.

The argument on the other side, as to the effect pf a vbria-

tion between the title of the patent and the thing patented

and described .in the schedule, assumes that a good and perfect

specification and description, of the invdntion claimed by the

patentee may be utterly defeated by a defect in the title, so

that a specification and- claim free from all ambiguity will be

rendered utterly worthless by a defect in what the counsel

terms "the title' of the patent. A rule of construction so

harsh and unreasonable would be most destructive in its con-

sequences. If, applied to the interpretation of statutes, it

would nullify many of them that are free from doubt; not

many of the acts of Congress would stand, if defective titles

were declared to be fatal to the laws -themselves.

The patent .act of 1793, section first, provides that the

Secretary of State may cause letters-patent to be granted,

"giving a short description of said invention or discovery."

When the patentee presents his specification, it is referred to

in, and'made a part of, the patent, and it is from the patent,

with schedules and drawings taken 'together, that it is to be

determined what thing is intended to be patented. Pitt v.

Whitman, 2 Story, 621. Any defect in the title is remedied

by a proper- descriptiofi in the schedule. Barrett v. Hall,

1 Mason, 477 ; Whittemore v. Cutter, 1 'Gall. 437; Phill.

Pat. 224, 225.

*460

SUPREME COURT.

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

In England, the rule appears to be different. There the patent is distinct from the specification, and controls'it in construction, so that the patentee cannot cover any thing by the
specification which is not embraced in the patent. Campion v. Benyon, 3 Brad. & Bingh. 5; The King v. Wheeler, 2 Barn.
& Aid. 345. II. But the plaintiffs insist, that the patent "is void, for the
reason that it embraces several distinct and separate inventions, as improvements in several distinct and independent machines
susceptible of independent opeiation, not necessarily connected with each other in producing the result arrived at in-the inven-
tion, and the subject-matter of separate and independent in-
ventions."
It is clear from the specification, that the patenitee claims to have discovered an improvement in the steam-engine, and with it, in the mode of propelling vessels.' He substitutes for the crank motion a mode of converting the reciprocating motion of a piston into a continued rotary motion, by a new combina-
tion of machinery for that purpose. From the revolving shaft described by him, a rotary motion may. be communicated to paddle-wheels or other objects. When used for steamboats,
the patentee employs the improved paddle-wheel described by
him, which is necessarily to be worked in connection with the other machinery. When a capstan is required, as on board of a steamboat, he describes the mode of connecting the shaft of the engine with the capstan, so that it may be made to revolve
by the action of the shaft; and he claims as his invention the substituting for the crank, in the reciprocating engine, a grooved cylinder, operating as described; the paddle-wheel constructed and operating as set forth; and the application of the revolving vertical shaft to the fuming of a capstan.
Now it is manifest that the invention is a mechanical unity. The improved engine and paddle-wheel are intended to act together, and 'if a capstan be used, the improved engine is made to connect with and turn the capstan, as it does the paddle-wheels. Although the engine may be applied to the oldfashioned wheel, and though it may or may'not be attached to the capstan, yet it ig mahifest that the improved engine connected with the paddle-wheel, or with a capstan, may be used in connection to produce or aid the result designed by the patentee, viz. the propulsion or navigation of a vessel.
(The remainder of the argument upon this head is omitted.) III. The defendants prayed the court to instruct the jury, "that the claim of the plaintiff, as set forth in his specification
annexed to his letters-patent, embraced the entire spiral paddlewheel; that the claim was, therefore, too broad upon the face of it, and the letters-patent were void upon that ground.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

461

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

The court charged.the jury, that "it was made a question on
the former trial, whether the plaintiff did not claim or intend to claim the entire wheel; but we understood.it to be for animprovement upon the spiral paddle-wheel."
The counsel for the plaintiffs in error supposes that the court below arrived at this conclusion, nof from the face of the patent, but from matters dehors the specification.- This assertion is unfounded. The view of the court below is the result of a just construction of the patent itself.
It is difficult to perceiVe by what colirse of argument the patent can be sliown to be too broad upon its face. By the ex-
pression "too broad," I presume, is intended that the patentee claims more than he has invented. This is usually a question of fact, dependent upon the proofs-at the trial. The face of this patent certainly does not disclose the fact, that the patentee has a grant for any thing of which he does not claim to have been' the inventor. The counsel for th plaintiffs has not discussed this point, except so far as his observations, under his fourth point may.be applicable ,toit; and it is therefore not deemed
necessary here to enlafge further upon this Jranch of the case, except to observe that the patentee does not qlaim to be the inventor of " paddle-wheels," nor of "wheels acting oi the spiral or screw principle"; on the contrary, he refers to wlhiels previously "essayed," upon which wheels'the patentee claims to have improved. What he does claim, then, is an improved spiral propelling-wheel, constructed and operating under water in the manner described, which improvement, as described in
the. schedule, is new, and is the invention of the patentee. IIV. It-is insisted, that the court below ought to hav6 charged
the jury as prayed for; namely, "that the patent is yoid upon its face for this,- that, purporting to be' a patent for an improvement, and specifying that the invention is 'ofan improved spiral paddle-wheel, differing from any which have heretofore been essayed, without pointing out in what the difference consists, or in any manner whatever indicating the improvement by distinguishing it from previously essayed spiral paddle-wheels, it is wanting in an essential prerequisite to the validity of letters-patent for an improvement."
The court refused so to charge, and held that the descrip-
tion of the invention was in this respect sufficient. c The point now raised is one purely te~hnicel, because it
must be assumed after verdict, and upon the bill of exceptions, that the patentee was the real inventor of what he claims;
that de facto he has not claimed as new that which had been known before; that the improvement is useful, and that the specification is so full and clear, and free from ambiguity, that
39 *

462

SUPREME COURT.

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

any mechanic skilled in the art.of making propellers could, by following it, construct the thing patented.
But however meritorious the invention may be, yet it is contended that the patent ought to be adjudged void, because it does not point out the difference between the improved propeller and all other propelling-wheels prieviously essayed.
The object of pointing out the old from the new is, that the public may be informed what the party claims as his invention, and may ascertain if he claims any thing in common use.
The law does not require that he should describe the various
paddle-wheels then known, or point out the'differeneps between them and his improvement; such a rule, even it practicable,.would be too onerous to be endured. Take, for example, a patent for an improvement upon all stoves previously essayed; it would be unreasonable to prescribe that the specification should describe all the stoves in use, or that had ever been essayed, and that it should point out the difference between them and the particular improvement; such requirement would be impracticable. Wheui Emerson applied for his patent, in 1834, there were a very great number of paddle-wheels and propellers knownj or which had been essayed, many of which had been patented in this country and in England. Now, it was not necessary for him to have described all these various wheels and propellers. It is enough if he has specified his own improvement; 'and if he has done so in an intelligible form, his patent is good on. its face, although, when tested by evidence dehors the patent, it might appear that he has claimed what was old, and thus his patent might be defeated.
In Evans v. Eaton, 7 Wheat. 435, the rule is thus expressed: "11We do not say that the party is bound to describe the old
machine, but we are of opinion that he ought to describe what his own improvement is, and to limit the patent to such improvement. The law is sufficiently complied with by distinguishing in fill, clear, and exact terms the nature and extent of his improvement only."
Most of the authorities cited by the counsel for the plaintiffs in error, mfder his fourth point, are referred to by Phillips, in his work on Patents, and the rule that he deduces from them
is thus stated, at page 269 :"1In specifying an improvement in a machine, it is often ne-
cessary to describe the whole machine as it operates with the improvement, in order to make the description intelligible, and enable an artist to construct the machine, as the inventor is
bound to do in his description, and which if he fails to do, he falls into the fault of obscurity; on the other hand, if the whole

JANUARY TERM,, .1848.

463.

Hogg et al. . Emerso-n.

machine, as well the old as the new part, be this described, it is requisite to distinguish what i art the patentee claims, since, if this does not .satisfactorily appear, the- patent will, as -we have seen, be void for ambigbity; or if the obvious construction is, that he claims the whole machine in its improved* state, the patent will be void by reason of the patentee's claim-
ing too nuch." The mode of expression generally used iiuthe books, in relation to this subject, is, that the specification must distinguish the old from the new. The only object of this. distinction is, however, :to specify what the patentee claims,
and the mere discriminati6n of the new from the old would not aecessarily show this, for perhaps he does not claini all that is new. When the cases say, therefore, that the specification must distinguish the new from the. old, we must understand.
the meaning to be, that it must show distinctly what the pa. tentee claims, the only object of this distinction being for this purpose. This doctrine is illustrated by some of the cases al-
y stated, and it runs through them all wherein this ques-,
tion arises." Most of the patents describe the improved machine only, as
will be seen byreferring.to the specifications in the pathnt office, and to the reports of patent cases.
It has been, of late years, the practice of the courts. of this country to give effect to patents, if possible, rather than to destroy them; and .tothis end, mere technical 9bjections ate no
longer encouraged. The rigorous rifles of the English courts, and of some of our earlier cases, by which meritorious patents werefrequently overturned, have given place to 'fore liberal and enlightened principles.
(The remainder of the argument upon this head is omitted.) Y. The authenticated copy of the corrected drawing, filed. in the patent-office on the. 27th of March, 1844 was-correctly
admitted. The original drawing, filed with the patent in 184, had
been destroyed by fire ; the patente'could not of course produce the original, and he therefore resorted to the next best evidence that -the nature of the case periitted; this consisted of a c6py which the plaintiff below offered to prove to be an accurate copy of the original; and this copy so offered was duly authenticated in the manner provided by the first and
second sections of the act of March 3, 1837. Upon the 'strictest -principles of the law of ev.idence, the
plaintiff below was entitled to prove what the original drawing
really was. The origina being lost, the next best evidence of. it was an-exact copy, proved to.be accurate.
This proof would have been -admissible and proper, irrespect-

464

SUPREME COURT.

:Ivgg et al. v. Emerson.

ive of the act of 1837', and whether the copy so offered was a record of the patent-office or not. Suppose the act of 1837" had never been passed, and the plaintiff had proved the destruction of the original drawing, he might have produced upon the trial a copy of it; and after proof that it was a true copy, he would have entitled himself to read it in evidence.
But there can be no reasonable doubt that the corrected drawing, filed on the 27th of March, 1844, was properly re-
ceived by the patent-office, and that an authenticated copy thereof was admissible as evidence under the provisions of the
act of 1837. That act was remedial in its character; its object was to re-
store the records, and to repair the loss occasioned by the fire. To that end, it was of the highest public importance that the
specifications and drawings should be correctly and accurately restored. To have received imperfect or inaccurate copies would have increased, and not have remedied, the mischief, and to assert that the patent-office had exhausted its power to restore models and drawings by the reception of what were not copies or true representations of the originals would be to give a construction. to the statute that would defeat its object.
The first section declares, "that it shall be the duty of the' commissioner to cause the copies offered by the patentee, or any authenticated copy of the original record, specification, or
drawing, which he may obtain, to be transcribed," &c. It is not only within the powers of the department to receive corrected drawings or models, in place of those that prove to be inaccurate or imperfect, but it is the duty of the commissioner' to obtain exact substitutes for the originals, if possible; and if those already filed are shown to be erroneous, imperfect, or untrue delineations of the originals, it is the duty of the commissioner to replace them with corrected copies. In this way only can the objects of the act be accomplished. To deny this
power would be to perpetuate errors. VI. The court below properly refused to charge the jury
that the defendants were not entitled to a verdict, if they were satisfied that no propelling-wheels were made between the 27th of March, 1844, and the commencement of the suit.
The defendants excepted to the charge so far only as it did
not adopt the prayer insisted on by them. The prayer upon this point insists that the defendants were
*entitled to a verdict, if no wheels were made by them after the
27th of March, 1844, no matter how often they had infringed the plaintiff's patent prior to that date. It assunes that all persons may, with impunity, infringe upon all or any patents intermediate between the destruction by fire of the records of the patent-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

465

Hogg et al. v. Emersgn.

office, and the complete restoration of them under the act of 1837. If the principle contended for be sound, then the patentee has no remedy for wilful and deliberate violations of his patent committed intermediate the destruction of the records of the patent-office and the complete restoration of them, no matter how public and notorious the patent may have become, and no matter how extensively the patent may have been published and circulated in works of art or otherwise.
This principle cannot be sound ; and the defendants' prayer and exception raise no other question. The prayer assumes the broad ground, that there is no liability for infringements committed prior to the restoration, not only of the patent itself,
but of the drawings, and that the patentee is not entitled even to nominal damages.
The patent, in the present case, had been restored and recorded anew long before the 27th of March, 1844, namely in
the year 1841 ; the recorded copy of the.specification and claim was correct, and .disclosed the patentee's right;. and yet the court was asked in effect to charge the jury, that infringements might be perpetrated with impunity at -any time aftei the fire, and at any time after the recording anew of the letters and schedule, unfil the 27th of March, 1844. The letters-patent were published.in the Franklin Journal in 1834, were filed anew in 1841, and of themselves were sufficient to protect the patentee, even if the restoration of the drawing had been im-
perfect. The views of the learned judge in his charge need no illus-
tration; he charged the jury as favorably for the defendants as they had a right to request.
The-complaint of the counsel for the plaintiffs in error, that the court left the question of unreasonable delay, on the part of the patentee, in taking measures to riestore his records to the jury, is not properly urged, upon the present writ of error, because, -
1. It is not one of the five points that the court below allowed to be raised.
2. That part of the charge was not excepted to at the trial, and, on the contrary, the exception was limited to the point_
taken in the defendant's prayers. 3. Even if this point were properly before the court, it is
clear that the question whether the patentee had been guilty of unreasonable delay and neglect in resforing the records was
a question of fact upon the evidence then before the court. It was a question of fact, submitted to the jury -for the ben-
efit of the defendants below; for if there had been such neg-
lect or delay, the court instructed ,the jury, that, if the defend-

SUPREME COURT.
Hogg et al. v. Emerson.
ants had innocenty made the patented article, it would be a fair ground for a mitigation of. the rule of damages, if not for the withholding them altogether.
The charge was as favorable to the defendants as the law and the evidence would permit.
Mr. John 0. Sargent,for the plaintiffs in error, in reply and conclusion.
It is objected to the first point raised 'by the counsel for the plaintiffs in error, that it is not properly. presented to the court, though it is admitted to arise upon the record. The argument is, that the court below intended to restrict the plaintiffs to the consideration- of 'certain specified questions. True it is, that the court struck *out from the bill -of exception several points on which the' plaintiffs relied; but the object of the court in so doing is misapprehended. It was the purpose of the court merely to. disembarrass and relieve the record of objections which they considered ill-taken, and the discussion of which they deemed unnecessary. .That, besides this limitation, *of which the.plaintiffs have not complained, it was the intention of the court to cut them off from their right of dealing with this record according to law, is not to be presumed or implied. No doubt whatever is entertained by the counsel for the plaintiffs, that the objection is well raised on the record, and that it is fatal to the defendant's claim.
L The point made is, that, the defendant in error has no patent for an improved spiral paddle-wheel.
The learned counsel for the defendant is mistaken in supposing that the argument of plaintiffs' counsel proceeds upon . the idea, 'that the letters-patent and the' spe6ification are not parts of the same instrument. the specification forms a part of- the patent, -and they are to be construedftogether, but construed with reference to the fundamental principle of interpretation, Quoties in verbis nulla ambiguitas, ibi nulla expositio contra verbafienda est - oi, as it is sometimes laid down in the books, "No construction shall be made contrary to the very express words of a grant."
In construing this instrument, we must look to the situation of the parties, and the mode in which it was prepared. The formal letters-patent speak'the language of both parties. In the instrument of grant, there is nothing equivocal- or ambiguous. It is not capable of being misunderstood. No ingenuity can extort a double meaning from. it. Mt. Emerson made path that he was the inventor of an improvement, in the steamengine; solicited a patent for said improvement; received a patent reciting the exclusive privileges vested in him in said

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

"- 467

Hogg et al. 1D.Emerson.

improvement, and making the description of said improvement
contained in the schedule annexed a part of his patent. All this must be taken as absolute truth. ' The patentee claiming under this instrument is bound by its recitals, and estopped from denying any thing that -iatlleges. The letters-patent, in fact, are the joint production of the grantor.and grantee. . The
Secretary of State adopted the description of his improvement which the grantee furnished in his petition. The entitling of the schedule is debatable ground. This may have been the work of the grantee alone, or of a clerk in the department. In either*event, it indicates the intention of the parties, and, as
if to exclude the possibility of the grantee's taking an exclusive privilege to any, other thing than that contemplated and expressed in the patent, the heading or title of the schedule recites', in effect, that said schedule is made a part of the patent, so far as it contains a description of the improvement in
the steam-engine, and no farther.
The language of the parties indicates plainly enough what was intended to be granted, and what was actually granted. Then comes the descriptive part of the schedule, or the specification, in the words of the grantee alone. This contains a particular description of the improvement in the steam-engine
secured by the patent. It then describesan application of this
improved engine to turn the iapstan on the deck of a vessel; and an improved spiral paddle-wheel, alleged to differ mate-
rially from those previously essayed. Now, the ground. taken by the counsel who opened this case is simply this, -that Mr. Emerson, cannot, by the' introduction -of new matters in his specification, make his patent operate as a grant for the improvement mentioned in his petition, oath, and letters; and 'also as a patent for other things not mentioned in such petition,
oath, and letters. It is respectfully submitted, that such' is
clearly the law.
It is presumed that there, is no difficulty in the court's taking judicial notice of any thing involved in the construction of a
patent, which a judge at nisi prius would know without the aid of a jury. If this view is correct, the court will know that an improved steam-engine is not an improved- paddlewheel, and was not at the time this patent was issued. This
being so, the improved spiral paddle-wheel is not only not in terms included in this patent, but is by legal implication as absolutely excluded from the patent as if it were excluded in express terms. In the fair, natural, obvious interpretation of this grant, collecting its meaning from the terms used in it, under-
stood in their plain, ordinary, and popular sense, the improved steam-engine is the subject, and the sole subject, of Mr. Emer-

468

.UPREME COURT.

Hogg et aI v. Emerson.

son's patent. Apply these principles, which, in the language
of ,alearned and eminent judge, furnish a "rule of cofistruction which applies to all instruments," and they, establish
beyond a question that Mr. Emerson has no grant for an exclu-
sive privilege in a spiral paddle-wheel."
And, first, because the force of the schedule is thus restrained in express terms by the patent, and these terms are the language of both parties. Again, because the language of the schedule
is throughout the language of thi grantee alone, and binds the' grantor only so far as it has been expressly, or by necessary implication, adopted by him. Now the duty of the Secretary of State, under the act of 1793, was purely ministerial. He took no such judicial -cognizance of specifications. as is now rigidly exercised by the commissioner of patents. The grantee
might have included manor distinct machines in his schedule,. and the Secretary of State was not called upon to notice the
fact, did not notice it, and could not have prevented it. The. patent was within his control, and the .schedule so far as it was made a part of the patent, but not otherwise. He could so far restrict it as to limit its effect to the description of the thing patented,'and to that extent he did in fact, in express terms, limit it. Beyond this he had no jurisdiction. The same is true of the Attorney-General. It was his duty merely to see that the patent purported to enbrace but one improvement, and
that the specification was signed by the patentee, and attested by two witnesses. His duty was then discharged,, and" he certified to the patent's being conformable to law. Now, is it not against reason, and therefore against law, to say that such a schedule, made by the grantee alone, and not examined by the grantor, is in any other respect, and to any greater extent, operative in conferring exclusive privileges, than it is made so
by the mutual assent of.the parties, etpressed in their common and joint language in -the patent itself? Can such reckless-. ness and improvidence in the issue of its grants as a different construction would establish 'be attributed to any government ?
If the schedule had contained the specification of a spiral paddle-wheel alone, would -it have 'been patented under the. terms of this 'giant? Would the patentee in that case have complied with that provision of the statute of 17.3, which required him to Yrecite" his invention in his petition? t Would
hig oath to the invention of an improved steam-engine then have covered the invention of a spiral -paddle-wheel? And if not in that case,'why in this? Does the mere fact of describing-the improved steam-engine in the schedule incorporate in this patent an improved paddle-wheel, which would not have been incorporated if the improved steam-engine had been

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

469

Hogg et al. v.Emerson.

omitted1 altogether? If such is the construction to be put upon these instruments, the Secretary might as well have issued'his letters-patent in blank, and suffered individuals to fill them up at their pleasure. The petition, the oath, the description, the grant, the signing by the Secretary and President, the reference to the Attorney-General, were all superfluous. But, say the counsel for the defendant in error. the schedule is a part of the patent, and if the schedule contains a description and claim of a machine, that machine becomes the subject of the exclusive privileges granted by the patent, just as much as if the invent6r had petitioned for, sworn to, paid for, and received a patent for the same. This understanding of the matter woilld have been a very convenient one for a -patentee under the law of 1793, because it would have enabled him to include in his letters the inventions of others, without incurring the penalties
of perjury; and as many of them as he pleased at the expense of a single fee. With all deference, but with all confidence, it is repeated, that the schedule is go far a part of the patent as it contains a description of the thing patented, and no farther. It is the description of the improvement patented contained in the schedule, which is the specification that forms a part of the patent. It is in this view that the language of the court is to be applied, when they say that the specification is a part of the patent, and that the whole is to be taken together, and construed as one instrument. As a general thing, under the law of 1793, the schedule contained only such a specification;
in 'contemplation of law it never can contain any other; if it contains any thing more, the excess is surplusage. If it does not vacate the patent, -iits at least inoperative, - it cannot en-, large the grant.
On the English cases there would be no doubt on this point. For the non-conformity between theL title in the patent and the" description in the specification', the patent would be declared
void on two grounds: - 1st. For the false suggestion in the petition. 2d. For the .claii in the specification of an improvement not within" the true meaning and extent of the graEnitt.h. er of these objections. would render a patent in England

absolutely v6id: - 1st. Because the crown has been deceived.

2d. Bec use the inaccurate title is calculated to deceive the

public.

These consequences flow, noi from any special provision in

the English patents or statutes, but from principles of the com-

mon law applicable to all public grants. These principles

apply with equal force to public grants of the United States,

unless there is some provision in ,ou patents as issued, or in.

VOL. VI. -

40

470

SUPREME COURT.

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

our statutes on this subject, rendering them inapplicable. It is submitted, with all deference, that no such provision can be
found, and that the reasons for sustaining them in their full effect are stronger under the system established by our act of 1793, than under the English system.
(The remainder of the argument upon this head is omitted.) II. It is again objected by the counsel for the defendant in
error, that there is nothing in the exception to the ruling of the court in regard to the insertion of several claims for distinct and separate machines in -the specification.
The case of the defendant is obviously very much distressed by this point, and'his counsel -protest strongly that the inventions described exhibit a " mechanical unity," being all a
means of propelling vessels. To maintain this proposition they resort to a very extraordinary mechanical discussion, to show that, by means of the capstan, without regard to the motive power of the engine, they could propel a vessel. If this be so, and the counsel should present their argument to the commissioner of patents in the shipe of a specification, they might
readily obtain a patent for it if a new and useful invention. They think, if a vessel with Mr. Emerson's machinery on board should be becalmed, without fuel, that, by applying "1the motive power " by manning the capstan, motion would thereby be communicated to the propeller. The answer to this is, that no such application is contemplated 'bythe patentee; and to arrive at it.the learned counsel is compelled to sever and destroy his mechanical unity, by leaving the steam-engine useless for -the want of fuel.
The question is now, for the first time, distinctly presented to this tribunal, and the doctrine on this subject is to be settled
by the judgment of the court in this case., It is a question of no inconsiderable public importance, and it is desirable, that it
should be adjudicated on plain and substantial grounds. All inventions are supposed to conduce more or less to one common object, to wit, the benefit of the public. This common purpose is probably too remote to sustain the introduction of.
all manner of inventions into the- same patent; but, for all practical purposes, it is precisely as proximate and tenable as
the common purpose claimed for the patentee in this case. It is most humbly submitted, that the doctrine of this court,
as suggested in Evans v. Eaton, is the true doctrine on this subject:- " On the general pa a t law a doubt might well arise whether improvements on different machines could regularly be coniprehended in the same patent, so as to give a right to the exclusive use of the several machines separately, as well as a right to the exclusive use of those machines in combina-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

471

Hogg et-a|. v. Emerson.

tion." This language obviously contemplates a case in which the machines patented might be used in combination; and the whole force of 'Mr. Justice Marshall's very sound and pregnant suggestion is destroyed the moment the converse of the proposition is established, namely,, that when *machinesare.capable of being used in combination, then any number of them may be united in the same patent. The language of the court in the case cited applies only to the case where the machines in question are capable of acting together; withdraw such cases
from the operation of the principle propounded by the court, and there is an end of it. And yet this doctrine, as laid down by the court in that case, is daily acted upon by the patentoffice, under the act of 1836 ; and if it is materially shaken.*or qualified, the revenues of the department will be very seriously 'diminished.
The suggestion in Evans v. Eaton, on this point, was much considered in Barrett v.Hall, and it may be said that no cases on record present more masterly expositions of the principles of patent law which they discuss. Wyeth v. Stone stands ofi, the extreme verge of sound principle; but there the two instruments were in fact but part of one and the same machine.
The instruments contemplated: in that case formed a compound. machine for cutting ice. They were, in fact, but parts of one and the same instrument. Two things cannot be readily im-. agined more absolutely distinct and separate, instruments, than a steam-engine and a paddle-wheel. A steam-engine is employed to give motion to every manner of machinery. A paddle-wheel may be turned by horse-power, or man-power, or windriiill-power, as well as by a steam-engine. Here the engine is the motive power; the wheel is the thing, moved. The engine might be Well employed to move. any thing else; the
wheel might well be put in action by any other motive power. They are as distinct and separate as cause and 'effect,-and can-
not be united in one patent, except upon principles that would entirely nullify the rule of law laid down in Evans v. Eaton and Barrett v., Hall, and admit of the introduction in the same
-patent of "entirelydistinct and separate machines. It is suggested; that a different doctrine from that. contended
for by the plaintiffs prevails in England. We have cited- no English authorities on this point. It arises on our own statutes, and is so rested by Mr. Justice Marshall.
There is no hardship in the rule contended for. In no other way can the subject-matter of an invention be distinctly brought out, so as to warn the public agaist.undesigiied infringements. If several machines can be mixed up in one'specification, and several improvements on each, and then patented in the name

SUPREME COURT.
Hogg et al. t. Emersob.
of one of those machines, it is respectfully, but earnestly, insisted, that the patent-office cannot fail to become the source of more oppression and outrage than will be long tolerated by a people -who are masters of their own institutions. Under such an understanding of the law, letters-patent will be regarded by the public as mere charters of ihiquity, and the whole system must be swept away. It must be as impracticable to sustain such an institution in the United States as it would be to establish the- Inquisition here, or vest in the government those odious prerogatives the abuse of which led to the English statute of monopolies.
It is most humbly submitted, then, that, on the authorities and on the reason of the case, there was error in the charge of his honor, the circuit judge, that "the objection that the patent embraces several distinct discoveries is untenable."
III. Counsel for the defendant in error cannot perceive by what course of argument this "patent" can be shown to be too*broad upon its face. We are embarrassed somewhat in reasoning upon this case, because it is an anomaly. This is the first attempt on record to sustain a. grant of an exclusive privilege by virtue of letters-patent which contain no allusion whatever to the alleged subject-matter of the privilege which is set up under them. We repeat, and to this point pray the special attention of the court, that, among the many hundred patent cases that have been adjudicated in this country and in England, not one such case is reported. In discussing analogies, therefore, we must waive for the time the great difference between this and, all other cases, arisiA'g from the fact that the patent before us contains no grant of an exclusive privilege in a spiral paddle-wheel.
Plaintiffs' counsel do not allege, therefore, that this patent is too broad upon its face. It is as broad upon its face as the law will allow. It is broad enough to cover an improved steamengine, and no more broad. It is made void by attempting to include more in th6 specification than is included in the grant, and more in the claim than is shown to be of the patentee's invention. Th6 objection of plaintiffs' counsel is, that the claim is brodder than the invention.
The claim is for the entire spiral paddle-wheel, constructed and operating as set forth; and more than that, it is for such a machine "not confined to precise forms or dimensions, but varied as experience or convenience may dictate, whilst the principle of action remains unchanged, and similar results are produced by similar means."
Here is a claim for the entire wheel, to be varied as the inventor may see fit to vary it, and for every other wheel operat-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

473

Hogg at aL 2. Emerson.

ing on the same principle, and producing similar results by similar.means. It is-a claim, as broad and -distinct as language can, make it, for the spiral. propelling-wheel, and every part, of it, and for liberty to vary it in form as the inventor pleases, as long as a similar result - to wit, the propulsion of vessels -is produced by similar means, - to wit, by a :spiral wheel, The result. contemplated is propulsion; the means or. instrument is a spiral whdel, of such form as experience *orconven lence may induce the inventor to make, without changing the
principle -of action. Such is the claim ; and if the"claim is a valid one, no man can effect the propulsion of a vessel on the principle of action conteimplated by aspiral wheel, without invading Mr. Emerson's claim.
But, while such is the claim with which Mr. Emerson arms himself, and goes out among men,.as Lord Kenyon 'expiessed himself in a similar case, "hanging-terrors over the unlearned," when we come to examine the specification of his wheel) we find an implied acknowledgment that it is only an improvement, and merely an implied acknowledgment. He spaks of' an "improved spiral paddle-wheel," leaving the.unavoidable inference, that he has.improved 'the ordinary paddle-wheel. by, making it spiral, and that the spiral feature - or, as -he sube-
quently describes it, his spiral trough -is the only material part of his improvement.
Here is- the old defect, that has been decided over ahd over again to be fatal, - the invention of an improvement, and the
claim of the whole machine. No ingenuity can withdraw -his' case from that large class of cases in which the rule we con-
tend for has been laid down with a distinctness that caniiot be mistaken, and applied. -with a wise, uniform, and iurelenting
firmness. The' courts- say, that no man shall give that false color to. his claim which may enable him to "hang terrors over
the unlearned." The case before the court is Iessop's case, where the patent-was for the whold watch, and the invention
of a particular movement. It i the.case presented inWilliams. v. Brodie, where the invention was an. improvement on a stove, and the p tent'for the whole stove. Itruns on all fours with
Cross v. Huntley, where the invention was of an improvement in the washing-machine, and the claim was for the whole machine; where the coiqrt did not hesitate, in an action where the patent came up 'collaterally, to declare it void. It is Bovile v. Moore, where the patent for an improvement on a lace-machine was held void, because the claim was for the whole machi.ne,.
though a considerable part of it had been long in use. There isno matter of fact to be found, in order to bring'out.
this defect, that the law may be applied to. it. It lies 'on the
40 *

474

SUPREME COUE7.

Hogg et al. V. Emerson.

Iwe of the specification. Jessop, Williams, Cross, and Bovile showed 'that they had invented improvements, and claimed the
entire machines. Emerson suggests that he has invented an improVement, and claims the entire machine. Where is the difference ? What subtilty can distinguish between, these
caes? Aind why should we seek .to establish thin, fine, and subtle distinctions, in a case where the policy of-the law is so plain, obvious, and honest, and where the great end to be attained is to prevent patentees from'" hanging terrors over the
unlearned ",-? .These cases, it may be said, are not binding authorities upon
this court. They are not so cited.. No weight is claimed for them beyond that which they derive from their intrinsic good sense and sound reason,- Their authority, as well-considered decisions, has never beii judicially disturbed or questioned. But there is.a case of controlling authority, - that of Evans v. Eatoh, - sustaining the doctrine for which we dontend to its full extent. To this case I shall have occasion again to refer, in considering the fourth head of the argument of the learned cotnsel for-the defendant, to which I now pass.
IV; The fourth point discussed by the learned counsel for the defendant touches the 'second .prayer. made to the court
below,
Plaintiffs contend that Wr. Emerson's specification does not define with precision the nature and extent of the alleged improvement in the spiral paddle-wheel, but describes ihe whole machine, aAd claims the whole as improved, without distinguishing the new fronr the old. A patent with such a specification eannot be supported, This doctrine. rest8 so firmly- on tho authoritative decision of this court, that it may well be left to authority. We shall, therefore, rhere!y"allude to the 6bvi-
-ue reason for it, vhich is, to limit the 6xelusitre privilege to the actual imrprovebient, and disarm the patentee of the power of. "hanging terres ovet the unlearned," and practising upon the fears and credulity of -the public, by "pretending that his invention -is tiote .thantwhat it really' is, or-different from its
ostensible objects." . If a patentee cad mix up a single undefined improvement in details of the construction and operation of an old machine,' and then 6laim the whole machine con-
structed and operating in the nianner set forth, then a patent, instead 6f,being merely .the reward of meritorious invention, is a device to encourage litigation, extortion, and fraud. Such a pitent shifts its grounds at every trial, changes its color accord-. ing -to the aspect in which it is presented'or met, and adapts
itself wiLh a ftal elasticity to the length and breadth -of the evidence which happens to be applied to it.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

475

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

(The remainder of the argument upon-this head is omitted.)
Y. Now with regard to'the drawings. -It appears from the record (p. 10), that two drawings were filed by-Mr. Emerson in the patent-office, under the act of .1837; one as early as 1841,. which was re-filed, with the plaintiff's oath to its correctness, oq the 12th of February, 1844,'and the other, With the same oath, on the 27th of March, 1844. -The second drawing was the one produced and relied on by the plaintiff below as constituting, with the letters-patent, that certified copy of the re-
newed record in the patent-office which the second section of the act last cited makes the only proof of the alleged patent admissible in any judicial court 'f the United States.
The learned counsel for the defendant in error suggeft, that, after the original drawing was destroyed by fire, the next best
evidence of it was an accurate copy of it, offered to be proved such. It is submitted, with great deference, that a drawing of
Mr. Emerson's paddle-wheel, fied in March to lay the foundation of a suit in April, was not the next best evidence of the alleged original, for the reason that there was another drawing,
previously fied and sworn to, which was something more than next best evidence of tne lost original, being made by statute absolutely the only evidehce of it that could be received in any judicial court of the United States.. It might, ind~ed, be, well contended, that the first-filed drawing did not at all partake of the character of secondary evidence. It became, by force of the statute, to all legal intent, 'the original drawing. It filled the place of the original drawing on the record, being verified
'by the same oath, vesting the same rights, construed in the same way as part of the specification, and qonclusive proof of all that it purported toprove, until it should be rebtitted. The letters-patent and first drawing filed by Mr. Emerson; under the first section of thd act of 1837, became, by virtue of the second section, as far'as the patentee was concerned,-primary'evidence. It-was open to observation and impeachment to all the rest of the world; but by operation of the statute, in connection with well-established principles of law, it was at all events conclusive upon the patentee. The drawing, therefore, filed on the 27th of March, 1844, was not in law the "next best "3
evidence of Mr. Emerson's original drawing, because there was a prior drawing .filed on the 12th of Februark, which the statute had expressly declared to be the legal original, at least for all purposes of litigation.
(The remainder of the argument upon this head is omitted.) VI. On the question of damages, counsel for the defendant insist that there was no error in the charge of the learned judge, that "1the damages were not necessarily confined to'the

476

SUPREME COURT.

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

making of-the wheels between March, 1844, when the draw-
ings were restored to the patent-office, and the bringing of the suit." Such a limitation was prayed below, and, as it was supp sed, on well-established principles bf law and equity. It is again pressed, with all deference, but with perfect conviction, that the refusal of the prayer was error, for which the judgment-under consideration ought to be reversed.
.The patent act contemplates, that every thing to be done by an inventor, with respect to his specification and drawings, is to be done. before the patent issues.' There is no such thing as correcting the record of a specification or drawing by mere substitution of some other specification or drawing. After the patent issues, the patentee cannot, by merely depositing a new drawing, on any plea whatever, make it a part of his patent, or any evidence whatever of his invention, as originally pa-
tented, so as .to cover cases of alleged infringement prior to such change in the record. There can be only one motive of -desiring to add a new drawing, and that is, to remedy a defect
or insufficiency -inthe original drawing or specification, or to
correct he -same. -The object of such a change- can never be merely to present a more tasteful drawing, or a drawing moreagreeable to the eye, or more in conformity to pidtorial rules. Other arts than the fine arts induce such an application. The offer to file a new drawing is an admission on the part of the patentee, that his new drawing covers something in which the
original drawing is defective or insufficient. And, under these circumstances, what does the statute say? That the patentee must surrender his patent, and that a new patent may. issue in conformity with his corrected specification, and thereafter operate, for the. residue of the original term, on the trial of all actions thereafter commenced for causes sibsequently accruing,
as though the 'same had been originally'led in such corrected form before the issuing out of the original patent. And'in this case, the commissioner is not bound to grant such re-issue, nor can he grant it except in cases where the error has arisen by inadvertency, accident, or mistake, and. without any fraudulent or deceptive intention. Similar ,proceedings may be had. in regard to the addition of an im rovement. -(Act of 1836
13.) '(The remainder or me argument upon this head is omitted.)
It is respectfully submitted, then, 1. Because the defendant in error has no grant of exolusive privilege in'the machine, which is the 'subject-matter of -the
present controversy: 2. Because he could not ii. lair,receive a. grant for it, as one
of several distinct machines in the same patent:

JA.NUA.RY TERM, 1848.

471

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

3.' Because, as tihe author of an improVement, he could not take out a valid patent for the whole machine:
& Because he has, not in his specification distinguished between the old. and new parts of his alleged-improved machine,
but has claimed the whole machine as improved z .5. Because he did not produce in evidence. the record of his
patent which the law had made such, but another record; and, 6. Because he has recovered damages. for causes of action
accruing previously to, the alleged correction of his record, and prior to the alleged renewal of it under the act of 1837:
For all these reasons, and for others raised upon-the exceptions and record in this cause, presented perhaps too much at
length, but not more dt' length, in the view of -counsel, than their public importance may jutify,--- that the judgmeht of the Circuit Court in this case ought to be reversed.

Mr. Justice WOODBURY delivered the opinion of the court.

This is a writ of error brought under some peculiarities which are first to be noticed..
It comes here by virtue of the 17th section of the -general
patent law of July. 4th,. 1836.. (. Statutes at Large, 124.) That section grants a writ of error from decisions in actions'
onpatents, as-in ordinary cases, and then- adds the privilege of it "in all other cases in which the-court shall deem it reasona-
,ble to allow the same." This was'doubtless intended to reach suits where the amount in'dispute-was less than'$ 2,000, on ac-.
count of the importance of the points sometimes raised, and the convenience of having the decisions on .patents uniform; by being finally settled, when doubtfulj by. one tribunal, such as

the Supreme Court.

The judges below, in -this case; deemed it reasonable, that

only a certain portion of the questions raised at the trial, con-

ceming the validity of the patent, should come jiere, and the

record was made up accordingly.

,

But-.the appellants contend, for their right to bring-here all

the questions which arose in the case, and this is a preliminary

point to be settled before going into the merits. The present

is believed to be the first writ of the kind, which has given

occasion for settling the construction of any part. of the above

provision; and therefore, without the aid- of precedent, after

due consideration of the words and design of 'the statute, we

have come to the conclusibn, that the'position of the plaintiffs

in error, in this respect, is 'the correct one, and that-wheni a

court below deem it "reasonable" to allow a writ of error at

all'. under the discretion vested in them by this special pro-

vision, it must be&on the whole case.

478

SUPREME COURT.

Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

The word "reasonable" applies to the ' cases," rather than to any discrimination between the different points in the cases.
It may be very proper for the court below to examine those points separately and with care, and -if most of them present
questions of. common law only, and not of the construction of the patent acts, and others present questions under those acts which seem very clearly settled or trifling in their' character, not to grant the writ of error at all. It might, then, well be regarded as not "reasonable" for such questions, in a controversy too small in amount to make the writ a matter of right to persons, if standing on an equal footing with other suitors. But we think, from the particular words used rather-than otherwise, that the act intended, if the court allowed the writ as "reason-
able" at all, it must be for the whole case, or, in other words, must bring up the whole .for consideration.
We shall, therefore, proceed to ex unine all the questions made at the trial, which it is supposed are relied on, and are .nowbefore us on the original writ and a certiorariissued since.
Looking to the declaration, the action is for a violation of a patent for an ." improvement in the steam-engine, and in the mode of propelling therewith either vessels on the water or carriages on the land."
The evidence offered at the trial was a patent for "a new .and useful improvement in the steam-engine," "a description
,whereof is given in the words of the said John B. Emerson himself, in the schedule hereto annexed, and is made a part of these presents."
In the schedule annexed is described fully what he says he
invented, viz. -CC certain improvements in the steam-engine, and in the mode of propelling therewith either vessels on the water or carriages on the land."
The first luestion arising on this statement is, whether the evidence proves Auch a patent as is set out in the writ to have been violated by the respondents.
If the patent is to be .ascertained from the letters alone, or rather from what is sometimes called their title or heading, without reference to the schedule annexed, .the evidence is undoubtedly defective, as the writ speaks of a patent for an improvement..in the steam-engine and in the mode of propelling" vessels, &c., therewith, -while the letters themselves, in their
title or heading, speak only of a patent for " a new and useful improvement in the steai-engine." But the schedule annexed and referred td for further description, after "improvement in the 'team-engine," adds, " and in the mode of propelling there-with" vessels, &c.
It can, hardly be doubted, therefore, that the improvement

JANUARY TEIIM, 1848.

479

Hogg et al. v; Emerson.

referred to in the writ and in. the letters-patent, with the schedule'.or specification.-annexed, was in truth one and the same.
Coupling the two last together, they constitute- the very thing described in the writ. But whether they can properly
be so united here, and the effect of it to remove the difficulty, have been questioned, and must therefore be further examined. We are apt to be niisled, in this country, by the laws and forms bearing on this point in England being sodiffereiit in sombe respects from what exist here.
There the patent is first. issued,.and contains no reference to the specification, except a stipulation that one shall, in the required time, be filed, giving a more minute description of the.
matter patented. (Webster on Pat. 5, 88; Godson. on Pat. 6, App.) It need not be: filed under two to four months, inthe disqretion of the proper officer: (Godson on Pat. 176.)
Under these circumstances, it *il be seen that the patent, going out aon there, must in. its title. or heading be fuller than here, where it goes. out with the minute specification.. But even there it may afterwards be aided, and its matter be made more clear, by what the specification contains.. They are, says Godson on .Pat. 108, "connected together," and "one may be looked at t6 understand the otheir." See also 2" Hen. Bi. 478; 1 Webst. Pat. R. 117;- S"D.& E. 95.
·There, however, it will not answer to allow the specification, :filed. separately and long after, to be resorted to for upplying any entire'omission in the patent; else somethingmay be, thus inserted afterwards which had never been previously examined
by the' prolpr officers, and which, if it had been submitted tm. them in the patent and examined, might have prevented the allowance of it, and which the world is not" aware of, seeing only. the letters-patent without the specification, and with6ut any reference whatever to-its contents. 3 Brod. & Bingh: 5.
The whole facts and law, .however,are different hete. This patent issiied March 8th, 1834, and is therefore to be testad
by the act of- Congress then in -force, which passed February.
21st, 1793. (1 Statutes at Large, 318.) ·Th the third section of that act it is expressly.provided, "that
every inventor, before ha can receive a patent j" '.'shall deliver a writtendescription of his invention," &c. ;--thus giving priority yery propexly to the specification rather than the patent.
'This -change from the English practice existed in, the first patent law, passed April 10th, 1790 (1 Statutes at Large, 109), and is retained in the last act.of C6ngress on thissubject, passed July 4th, 1836 (5 Statutes'at Large, 119).
It was *isely introduced, in order that the officers of the.gov-
eminent might at the outset have before" them full means to

480

SUPREME COURT.

Hogg et al. v. Emerson..

,examine and understand the claim to an invention better, and
decide more judiciously whether to grant a patent or not, and might be able to give to the world fuller, more accurate, and
early descriptions of it than would be possible under, the laws and practice in England.
In this country, then, the specification being required to be prepared and filed before the patent issues, it can well e referred to, therein in estenso, as containing. the whole subjectmatter of the claim or petition for a patent, and then not only be tf6corded for information, as the laws both in England and. here require, but beyond what is practicable there, be united and go out with the letters-patent themselves, so as to be sure that these last thus contain the substance of what is designed to be regarded as a portion of the petition, and thus exhibit with accuracy all the claim by the inveiitor.
But before inquiring more particularly into the effect of this change, it may. be useful to see if it is a compliance with the laws .in respect to a petition which existed.when this patent issued, but were altered in terms shortly after.
A p6tition always was, and still is, required to be presented 'by an inventor when he asks for a patent, and one is recited in
this patent to have been presented here. It was 'also highly important in England,.that the contents of the petitioli as to the description of the invention should be full; in order to include
,the material parts of them in the patent, no specification being so soon filed there,'as here, to obtain *such description. from,
or to be treated as a portion of the petition, and the whole of it sent out with the patent, and thus cdmplying with the spirit of the law, -and giving fuller and more accurate information as to the invention than any abstract of it could.
In this. view, and under such laws and practice here, it will be seen that the contents of the petition, as well as the petition itself, became a very unimportant form, except as construed to adbpt, the specification, and the contents of the latter to be con-sidered substantially as the contents of the former.
Accordingly, it is not a littleocurious, that, though the act of 1793, which is to govern this case, required, like that of 1790, a,petition to be presented, and the patent when issued, as in
the English form, to recite the "allegations and siiggestions of the petition," (1 Statutes at Large, p. 321, sec. 1, and p. 110, sec. 3,) yet, on. careful inquiry at the proper office; so far as its records, are restored, it appears that, after the first act of 1790 passed, the petitions standing alone seldom contained any thing as to the patent beyond a mere title; sometimes fuller,
and again very imperfect and general, with no other allegations or suggestions, or descriptions whatever, except those in the

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

481

Hogg et -a-l. v. Emerson.

schedule or specification. The only exception found is the

case of Evans'b. Chambers, 2 Wash. C. C. 125, in a petition

filed December 18th, 1790.

Though the records of the patent-office before 1836 were

consumed in that year, many have been restored, and one as

far back as August 10th, 1791, where the petition standing albae

speaks of havng invented only "an easy method of propelling

boats and other iessels through the water by the power of

horses and'cattle." All the rest is left to the schedule.- Other

"petitions, standing alone, are still more meagre; one, for in-

stance, in 1804, asks a patent only of a -"new and useful im-

provement, being -a composition or tablets to write or draw

on"; another, only "fa new and useful improvement in the

foot-stove "; and another, only "a new and useful improve-

ment for shoemaking?'; and so through the great mass- of

them for nearly half a century:. But the specification being

filed at the same time, and often on the same paper, it seems

to have been regarded,, whether specially named in the petition

or not, as a part of it, and as giving the particulars desired in

itq and hence, to avoid mistakes as to the extent of the invent.or's claim, and to comply with .the law, by inserting in the

patent at least the substance of.the petition, the officers in-

serted, by express reference, the whole descriptive portion of it

as contained in the schedule. This may have grown out of

the decision of Evans .. Chambers, in order to remedy one

difficulty there. Cases have been found'as early as 1804, and

with great uniformity since, explicitly making the schedule

annexed a part of the-letters-ltent. Proofs ofthis exist, also,

in our reports, as early as. 1821, in Grant et al. v. Raymond1

6 Peters, 222; aud one, 1st Oct., 1825, in Gray et al. V. James

et al., Peters, C. C. 394; and 27 Dec. 1828, Wilsonv. Rousseau,

4 How. 649.

Indeed, it is the only form of a patent here known at the

patent-office, and the only one given in American treatises on

patents. Phillips on Pat. 523. Doubtless this use of the

schedule was adopted, because it contained; according to com-

mon understanding and practice, matter accompanying the pe-

tition as a part of its subsimce, 'and all the description of the

invention ever desired either in England or here in the petition.

Hence it is apparent, if the schedule itself was made a part of

the patent, anid sent out to the world with it, all, and even more,

was contained in it .than could be: in any abstract or digest of a

petition, as in the English. form.

We regard this mode and usage on this subject, adopted so

early here and practised so long, as not proper to be overruled

now, to the destruction of every patent, probably, from 1791 to

voL. V.

41

482

SUPREME COURT.

"Hogg et al. v. Emerson.

1836 ; and this, too, when the spirit of all our system was thus
more fully carried out than it could have been in any other way. As this course, however, sometimes was misunderstood and
led to misconstructions, the revising act as to patents, in July 4th, 1836, changed the phraseology of the law in this respect, in order to conform to this long usage and construction under
the act of 1793, and required not in terms any abstract of the petition in the patent, but rather "1a short description" or title of the invention or discovery, "1correctly indicating its nature and design," and "referiing to the specification for the particulars thereof, a copy of which shall be annexed to the patent."
And it is that - the specification or schedule -- which is fully to specify "what the patentee claims as his invention or discovery.'! Sec. 5. (5 Statutes at Large, 119.)
It was, therefore, from thiglonglconstruction, m such various ways. established or ratified, that, in the present patenft, the schodule, or, in other words, the specification, was incorporated expressly and at length into 'the letters themselves, - not by merely annexing them with wafer or tape, as is argued, but describing the invention as an- "improvement, a description whereof is given in the words of the. said John B. Emerson
himself, in the schedule hereto annexed, and is made a part of these presents." Hence, too, wherever this form has been adopted, either before or since the act of 1836, it is as much to be considered with the letters, - litereapatentes,- in construing them, as any paper referred to in a deed or other contract. Most descriptions of lands are to be 'ascertained only by the other deeds and records expressly specified or referred to for gaides; and so of schedules of personal property, annexed to bills of sale. Foxcroft v. Mallett, 4 How. 378; 21 Maine, 69; .20 Pick. 122; Phil. on Pat. 228; Earle v. Sawyer, 4 Ma-
son, C. C. 9;- Ex parte Fox, 1 Yes. & Beames, 67. The schedule, therefore, is in such case to be regarded as a component part of the patent. Peters, 0. 0. 394, and Davis v. Palmer et al., 2 Brockenbrough, 301. The oath of Emerson, too, that he was inventor of the improvement, must thus be considered as extending to all described. in the schedule, no less than the title; and this is peculiarly proper, when. the specification is his own aicount of the improvement, and the patent is usually only the account 'of it by another, an officer of the government. Taking, then; the specification and letters together, as the patent-office and the inventor have manifestly in this
instance intended that they should be, and they. include what has long been deemed a part and the substance of the petition; .and the patent described in them is quite broad enough to embrace what is. alleged in the writ to have been taken out .as a

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

483

Hogg et -al. v. Emerson.

patent by the plaintiff, and to have been violated by the defendants. They are almost ipsissimis verbis. And when we are called upon to decide the meaning of the patent included
in these letters, it seems our duty not only to look for aid to the specification as a specification, which is customary, (1 Gall. 437; 2 Story, R. 621 ; 1 Mason, 0. 0. 477,) but as a schedule, made here an integral portion of the letters themselves, and going out with: them to the world, at first, as a part and parcel of them, and for.this purpose united together for ever-as.iden-
-tical.
It will thus be seen, that the effect of these changes in our patetit laws and the long usage and construction under then!
is.entirely to remove the objection, that the patent in this case was not as broad as the claim in the writ, and did not comply substantially with the requiremdnts onnected with the petition.
From want of full attention to the differences between the English laws and ours, on patents, the views thrown out in some of the early cases in this country do not entirely accord with those novi offered, Paine, C. C. 441 ; Pennock et al. v. Dialogue, 2 -Pet. 1., Some other diversity exists bt.times, in consequence -of the act of 1793, and the usages under it in the patent-office, not being in -all respects as the act bf 1836. But it is not important, in this case, to go farther into thes6
considerations.
The next objection is, that this description in the letters,thus considered covers more than one patent, and is, therefore, -void.
There sedms to have been no:good reason at first, unless'it be a fiscal one on the part of the government when. issuing patents, why more than one in favor of the same inventor should not be embraced in one instrument, like more than one tract of land. in one deed, or patent for.land. Phillips 6ci Pat. 217.
Each could be set out in seParate articles or paragraphs, as different counts. for different matters in libels in admiralty -or .declarations at common law, and the specifications could be
made distinct for each, and equally clear. But to obtain more revenue, the public officers have gen-
erally declined to issue letters for more than one patent described in them. Renouard, 293 ; Phillips on Pat. 218. 1he
courts have been disposed to acquiesce in the practice, as conducive to clearness and certainty. And if letters issue otherwise inadvertently, to hold them, as a general rule, null.. - But it is a well-established exception, that patents may be united, if two or more, included in one s6t of letters, relate to a like subject, or are in their nature or operation connected together. Phil. on Pat. 218, 219; Barrett v. Hall, 1 Mason, C. 0. 447;'" Moody v. Fiske, 2 Mason, C. 0, 112; Wyeth et al. -v. Stone .et
al., 1 Story, 273.

484

SUPREME COURT

Hogg et al. r. Emerson.

Those here are of that character, being all connected with
the use of the improvements in the steam-engine, as applied to propel carriages or vessels, and may therefore be united in
one instrument. Another objection is, that these letters, even when thus con-
nected with the specification, are not sufficiently clear and certain in their description of the inventions.'
This involves a question of law only in part, or so far as regards the construction of the written words used. Reutgen
v. Kanowrs etal., I Wash. C. C. 168; Davis v. Painier et al., 2 Brockenbrough, C. 0. 303; Wood v. Underhill, 5 How. 1. The degree, of clearness and freedom from ambiguity required in such cases is, by the patent act itself of 1793, to be sufficient " to distinguish the same from all- other things before known, and to enable any person skilled in the art or science of which it is a branch, or with which it is most neatly connected, to take, compound, and use the same." 1 Statutes at Large, 321. See also on thi , Godson on Pat. 153, 154; 2 Hen. B1. 489; Wood- v.' Underhill, 5 How. 1 ; Davoll et al. v. Brown I Woodb. &'Min. 57; Pet. C.0. 301; Sullivan -v. Redfield,
Paine, 0. ,C.441..
There axe some further and laudable objects .inhaving exactness to this extent, so as, when -the specification is presented, to enable. the commissioner of patents to judge correctly.
whether the matter claimed -isnew or too broad. 3 Wheat. 454; 3 Brod. & Bingh. 5; 1 Starkie, N. P. 192. So, also, to enable courts, when, it is contested afterwards before them, to form a like judgment. 1 Starkie, N. P. 192. And so that the public, while the term continues, may be able to understand what' the patent is, and refrain from its use, unless 1i.censed. Webster on Pat. 86; 11 East, 105; 3 Merivale, 161 ; Evans v. Eaton, 3 Wash. 0. C. 453 ; 4 Wash. C. 0. 9; Bovill v. Nlooie, Davies's Cas. 361; Lowell v.Lewis, 1 Mason,
0..ICn.t1he82p-r1es8e9n.t instance, yielding to the force of such reasons
in favor of a due and rational degree- of certainty in describing any improvements claimed as new, -there still seems to us, though without th6 aid-of experts and machinists, no difficulty in ascertaining, from the language used here, the new move-
ment intended to be given to the steam-engine, by substituting a continued rotary motion for a crank motion, and the new form of the spiral wheel, :when the engine is used in vessels, by changing the form of the paddles anil placing them near the qnds of the arms; and the new connection of the power with the capstan of such vessels, by inserting the upper end of the
shaft into the capstan. It is 'obvious, also, that the inventor

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

485

Hogg qt al.nv. Emerson.

claims as his improvement; not the whole of the engine, nor the whole of the wheel, but both merely in the new and supe-. rior form which he particularly sets out. He,; therefore, does not claim too much, which might -be bad. Hill-v. Thompson. et al., 2 J. Marsh: 435; 4 Wash C. C. 68; Godson on Pitents,, 189; Kay v. Marshall, 1 Mylne & Cr.- 373; 1 Story, R. 273;
2 Mason, C. C. 112; 4 Barn.. & Ald. 541; Bovill v. Moore, 2 Marsh. Com. P. Rep. 211.
The novelty in each he describes clearly, as he should; and it is not necessary he should go further. (1 Story, R. 286;' Webster on Pat. 86, note. MacFarlane v.Price, 1 Siarkie, 199; and KingZ. Cutler, ib. 354; 3 Car. & Payne, 611; -2 Mason,
C, C. 112; Kingsby & Pirsson on Pat. 61; Godson on Pat. 154; Isaacs v. Cooper et al., 4 Wash. C. C. 259.
Re need not describe particularly, and disclaim all the old parts. 7 Wheat. 435; Phil. on Pat. 270, and cases cited.
And the more especially is that unnecessary, when such dis-.
claimer is manifestly, in substance, the result of his claiming 'as new only the portions which he does describe specially.All which is required on principle in order to be exact, and not ambiguous, thus becomes so.-
It is to be recollected, likewise, that the models and drawings were a part of this. case below, and are proper to be resorted to for clearer information. Earle v. Sawyer, 4 Mason, C. Cf. 9. With them and such explanatory testimony as ex-' ports and machinists could furnish, the court below were in a
.ondition to understand better all the details, and to decide more correctly on the clearness of the description; but from all. we have seen on the rdeord alone, we do not hesitate to concur in the views on this point as expressed in that court.
In conclusion, on the othbr objections to the proof, as to the drawings and to the charge below in relation' to the effect of them' and to' the destruction of them by fire, we likewise ap-
prove the directions given to the jury. .The destruction. by fire was no fault of the inven'tor; and
his rights had all become previously perfected. This is too plain to need further illustration.. We cannot cOnsent to be
over astute in sustaining objections to patents. 4 East, 135.; Crosley v. Beverly, 3 Car. & Payne, 513, 514. -The true rule
of construcion in respect to patents and specifications, and the doings generally of inventors, is to apply to them plain and ordinary principles, as we have efideavoured to on this occasion, and-,not, in this most metaphysical branch of modern law, to
yield to subtilties and technicalities', unsuited to the subject and not in keeping with the liberal spirit of the age, and likely to prove ruinous .td a class of the -community so,.inconsiderate
41 *

486

SUPREME COURT.

Htouston et al. v. City Bank of New Orleans.

and unskilled in business as men of genius and inventors
usually are. Indeed, the English letteis-patent themselves now, however
different may have been once their form or the practice under them, declare that "they are to be constried" ,"in the most favorable and beneficial sense, for the best advantage" of the patentee. Godson on Pat. 24, App: 7; Kingsby & Pirsson
on Patents, 35. See also, on this rule, Grant v. Raymond, 6 Pters, 218; -Amesv. Howard, 1 Sumndr, 482-485; Wyeth v. Stone, 1 Story, R. 273, 287; Blanchard v. Sprague, 2 Story, R. 164; 2 Brockenbrough, C. C. 303; 2 Barn. & Ald. 345, in The King v. Wheeler; 5 Howard, 708, in Wilson v. Rousseau et al.; 1 Crompt., Mees., & Ros. 864, 87'6, in Russell v. Cowly.
The judgment below is affirmed.

Note. - After the delivery of this opinion, the counsel for the plaintiffs in error suggested that -other questions-were made
below, -which they desired to be considered, and therefore
moved for dfbther certiorarito bring .them up. This was atlowed, and'judgme, t suspended till the next term.

WiLLIAb! HousTox AND OTHERS, AND FRANcIs FIsK AND OTHERS,
PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, t). THE CiTY'-BANK OF NEw ORLEANS.
the District Court of the United. States, sitting in bahkruptcy, had power to decree a sale bfthe mortgaged property of a bankrupt; and if there are more mortgages than .one, and the proceeds of sale are insufficient to discharge the eldest mortgage, the purchaser will hold the property free and clear of all encumbrances arising from the junior mortgage.
T is case was brought up, by a writ of error issued under the twenty7-fifth section of the Judiciary Act, from the Supreme (Court of the State of Louisian4,
The facts in the case are fully set forth in the opinion of the edurt.
It was argued by -Mr..ohnson and Mr. Clay,.for the plainties in error, and 141r. Sergeant,for the def6ndants in error.
Mr. Johnson stated the case on behalf of the plaintiffs in error, who were purchasers of certain property which was exposed to public sale by order of the District Court of the United States. The question was, whether a mortgage upon the property, held by the City Bank, was an existing lien at the time of filing the bill, or whether the lien had been destroyed by the proceedings in bankruptcy.

344

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey'Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

main in full force and virtue, the said judgment of the said High Court notwithstanding, -and that. this cause be and the same is herebyiremanded to the said High Court of Errors and Appeals, to be -preeeded with in conformity to the opinon of this court, and as to law and justice shall appertain.

THE NEw JERSEY STEAm NAVIGATION CoMrANY, RESPONDENTS AND APPELLANTS, V. TE MERCHANTS' BAHx oF BOSTON, LIBELLANTS.
A decree of the Circuit Court of R ode Island affrmed, which was a judgment upon a libel in pmrsonan pganst a steamboat company forthe loss of specie carried In their boat by one of te persons called"' express carriers," and lost by fire in Long Island Sound.
THiS was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Rhode Island, in the exercise of admiralty jurisdiction.
In February, 1839, the State of New Jersey chartered a company by the n~une of the New Jersey Steam Navigation Company, with a capital of five hundred thousand dollars, for the purpose of purchasing, building, repairing and altering any vessel or vessels propelled by steam, and in the navigation of the same, &c., &c., under which charter they became propnetors of the steamboat Lexington.
On the 1st of August, 1839, the following agreement was made -
"This agreement, made and entered into this 1st day of August, A. D. 1839, in the City of New York, by William F Hamden, of Boston, Massachusetts, on the one part, and Ch.. Overing Handy, President of the New Jersey Steam Navigation Company, of the other part, witnesseth
"That the said-William F Hamden, for and in considera-tion of the sum of two hundred and fifty dollars per month, to be paid monthly to the said New Jersey Steam Navigation Company, is-to, have the privilege of transporting m the steamers of said company, between New York 'and Providence, via Newport and Stonington, not to exceed once on each day, from New-York and from Providence, and as less frequently as the boats may run between and from said places, one wooden crate, of the dimensions of five feet by five feet in width and height, and six feet in length (contents unknown), until the 31st of December, A. D. 1839., and from this date.
"1The following'conditions are stipulated and agreed to, as

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

345

New lersey Steam -Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

part of this contract, to wit -The said crate, with its con-

tents, is to be at all -tunes exclusively at the risk-of the said

William F Hamden, and the New Jersey Steam Navigation

Company will not, in any event, be responsible, either to him

or his employers, for the loss of any goods, wares, merchandise,

mouey, notes, bills, evidences of debt, or property of any and

every description, to-be conveyed ox transported by-him in said

crate, or otherwise, in any manner, in the boats of the said

company

"Further, that the said Hamden is to attach to Ins adver-

tisements, to be inserted in the public. prints, as a -common car-

ner, exclusively responsible for his acts and doings, the follow-

mg notice, which he is also to attach to his receipts or bills- of

lading, to be given in all .cases for goods, wares, and merchan-

dise, and other property committed to his charge, to -be trans-

ported in said crate-or otherwise -

"'Take -notice.- William F Hamden is alone responsible

for the loss or injury of any articles or property committed. to

his care , nor is any risk assumed by, nor can any be attached,

to, the proprietors of the steamboats in which his -crate may

be, and is transported, in respect to it or its contents, at any

time.'

"1Further, that the said Hamden is not to violate any pro-

visions of the post-office laws, nor to interfere with the New

Jersey Steam Navigation Company in its-transportation of let-

ters and papers, nor to carry any powder, matches, or other

combustible materials of any kid, calculated to endanger the

safety of said boats, or the property or persons on board of

them.

".And that this contract may be at any time terminated by

the New Jersey.Steam Navigation Company, or by the said

Harnden, upon one month's notice given in writing.

" Further, that a contract made by the said Hamden with

the Boston and New York Transportation Company, on the 5th

day of July, A. D. 1839, is hereby dissolved by mutual consent.

,"In witness whereof, the' said William F Hamden has here-

unto set his hand and seal, and the President of the said New

Jersey Steam Navigation Company has hereto affixed his sig-

nature and the corporate seal of the company

"WM. F HARNDEN,

[L. s.]

CH. OYERING HANDY, Presdent.

"Sealed and delivered in presence of

RoswELL E. LocKwooD."

It is proper to remark, that, prior to the date of -this agreement, Hamden had made a similar one with the Boston and

8

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchints' Bank.

New York-Transportation Company which became merged in the New Jersey Steam Navigation Company on the 1st of August, 1839. Harnden, having begun to advertise in the newspapers in July, 1839, whilst his contract with the Boston com-
pany was in force, continued to use the name of that company in the following advertisement, which was inserted in two of the Boston newspapers until the end of the year 1839.

"Boston and New York Express Package Car. -Notice to Merchants, Brokers, Booksellers, and .all Business Men.
"Win. F. Hamden, havmg-made arrangements with the New York and Boston Transportation, and Stonington and Prbvidence Railroad Companies, ri run a car through from Boston to New York, and nce versd, via Stonington, with the mail tram, daily, for the purpose of transporting specie, small packages of goods,, and bundles of all kinds. Packages sent by this line will be delivered on the following morning, at any part of the city, free of charge. A responsible agent will accompany the car, who will attend to purchasing goods, collectmg drafts, n6tes, and bills, and will transact any other business that may be intrusted to his charge.
"Packages for Philadelphia, Baltinore, Washington, New Haven, Hartford, Albany, and Troy, will be forwarded immediately on arrval, in New York.
" N. B. Win. F Hamden is alone responsible for any loss or injury of any articles or property committed to his care, nor is any risk assumed by, or can any be attached to, the Boston and New York Transportation Company, in whose steamers his crates are to be transported, in respect to it or its contents, at any time. ',
The above-mentioned contract with the New Jersey Steam Navigation Coripany being about to expire, Hamden addressed letters, on the 7th and"16th of December, fo the President, expressing a desire to renew it, and, on the 31st of December, received a letter from Mr. Handy, the President, renewing the contract for one year from -the 1st of January, 1840.
The New Jersey Company also published the following notice. -
"Notice to Shippers and Consignees.
"All goods, freight, baggage, bank-bills, specie, or any other kind of property, taken, shipped, or put on board the steamers of the New Jersey Steam Navigation Company, must be at the risk of the owners of such goods, freight, baggage, &c., and all freight consisting of goods;.wares, and merchandise, or any other property landed from the steamers, if not taken away

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company s. Merchants' Bank.

from the wharf without delay, will be put under cover at the risk of the owners of said goods, freight, baggage, &c., m all
respects whatsoever."

The bills of lading, or receipts given by the company, were m the following form. -

CCNew Jersey Steam Navigation Company

"Received of

on board the steamer

master

marked and numbered as in the margin, to be transported to and there to be delivered to

or assigns, danger of fire, water, break-

age, leakage, and all -other accidents excepted, and no package

whatever, if lost, injured, or stolen, to be deemed of greater

value than two hundred dollars.

"Freight as customary with the steamers on this line.

"N. B. The company are to be held responsible for ohdinary

care and diligence only in the transprtation of merchandise,

and other property, shipped or put: on board the boats 6f this

line.

"1Dated at

the

18

"(Contents unknown.)"

In January, 1840, Mr. Hamden received from the Merchants"
Bank in Boston a large amount of checks and drafts upon New York, which he was to. collect in specie, and transmit the proceeds to Boston.
Qn the 13th of January, 1840, the sum of .eighteen thousand dollars, in gold and silver corn, was shipped by William F
Harnden, and received on board of the steamboat Lexington, said boat being the property of the New -Jersey Steam Navigation Company,' and employed in making regular trips between New York and Stonington in Connecticut, The shipment was made at New York. The boat left New York about half past four o'clock-in the afternoon, and in the course 6f a few hours a fire broke out, which totally destroyed the boat, the lives of nearly all the passengers and crew, and the property on board. The. money, amongst the other property, was lost. As the circumstances under which-the loss took place were much commented on in the argument, it may be proper to insert the.narrative of Stephen Manchester, the pilot, who was examined as
a witness "To the third-interrogatory he saith - She was near Hun-
tington lighthouse, some four miles east of the light; and between forty and fifty miles from- New York. It was about

SUPREME COURT.
New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.
half past seven o'clock in the evening. I know the hour, because we always take down on a slate the hour that we pass every lighthouse. This was the business of the pilot. I was in the wheel-house when I heard that the boat was on fire. Some one came to the wheel-house, and told the wheel-man and myself that the boat was on fire. I stepped out of the wheel-house and went up to the smoke-pipe. I saw the fire blazing up through the promenade deck, around the smokepipe. The promenade deck was on fire, and was blazing up two or three feet. I looked down a scuttle which went through the promenade deck, and which was. about three or four feet on the larboard side, a little abaft of the smoke-pipe, it was not exactly abreast of it or abaft of it, but quartering. The scuttle led down between the after part of the boiler and the forward part -of the engine. In looking through the scuttle I saw blaze and smoke, as if she was on fire there. I can't- say whether or not the main deck was on fire at that time. I next returned to the wheel-house, and hove the wheel hard over a-port, which would sheer the boat to the southward, for the purpose of nining -the boat ashore to the nearest land, which was Long Island shore. Just as I got the wheel hove a-port, Captain Childs came in and put his hand on the spoke of the wheel. As he took hold of the wheel, the starboard wheelrope gave way Within an instant from that time, the smoke broke into the wheel-house, so that we were obliged to leave it. Captain Childs went out of the wheel-house and went aft, and I did not see any thing of hin after that. I then stepped out, and called to some of our people on the forecastle to get out the fire-engine. They got it out. I then told them to get out the hose and the-fire-buckets. The fire then spread so between decks that they could not get at the hose or buckets. I then went to the life-boat, and found some men there casting off the lashings with which she was fastened to the promenade deck. I caught hold of the lashings, and told them not to cast them off till we had attached a hawser to the boat. I sang out to some one on the forecastle to pass up a hawser to attach to the boat, which was done. I then told them to take the hawser attached to the boat, and to fasten-it to the forward part of the steamer. The fire then was burning up through the deck and around the life-boat, !nd I cut the lashings, and told the men to throw the boat overboard, I then jumped down on to the forward deck, caught hold, of the hawser, and found that it was not made fast tQ the steamboat, as directed. I found the boat was getting awayt from us, and I sang out to the people about there to hang on to the hawser, or we should lose her. They let go of the hawser, one after another, until they let the boat

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

349

New Jersey Steam Navigatton Company v. Merchants' Bank.

go. The promenade deck was at that time all of a blaze to

the bulkhead. It was about fifteen or twenty minutes after I

first heard of the.fire that the life-boat was let go. The life-

boat was somewhat burnt before she was thrown over. The

next thing I, With the others on the forecastle, did, was to

empty the baggage-cars, and attach lines to them, and throw

them overboard for any one to save humself that could. Some

of those on the forecastle drew water with what buckets we

had, and .threw it on the fire. I .then-took the flagstaff and

another spar that we had knocked off, the bulwarks, and fas-

tened them to those two spars to make a raft to get on to. I

threw the raft overboard, and several persons, some two or

three, got on to it-; but it was not buoyant enough to hold

them up. That was all-we could do, excepting to throw wa-

ter, which we did as long as we could. The boat was then

nearly burnt to the water's. edge, and the forward deck was

burnt and had fallen in. We then got cornered up so that we

had no chance tothrow water, and were obliged to leave the

boat to bum. Those left on the forecastle, some eight or ten in

number, then asked me what they could do to save themselves.

I then told them that I saw. no chance, that we had done all

that we could do. We. then began -to get overboard, some

hung on to the crates at the forward part of the boat, and some

got on to the guard. I got down on to the raft I have before

mentioned. I found it sinking under me, and I lifted myself

up again by a piece of rope-which I had, and which I whipped

over a spike. Then I jumped from the raft on to the piece of

guard, and from this guard I got on to a bale of cotton. I

found a man by the name of McKinney on the bale. After I

had got on, a man standing on this piece of guard asked if

there was room on the bale of cotton for another man. I made.

hun no answer. Hef jumped to get on to it, and in doing so

knocked off McKinney I hauled McKinney on to the bale

again, and the man returned to the guard. I found the bale

was lashed to this piece of guard, and I took my knife and cut

away the lashings, I took up a piece-of board which Was float-

mg by, and shoved the bale clear of the guard, and let it drift

down the Sound before the wind. *McKinney froze to-death

about daylight the. next morning, and fell .off the bale. Be-

tween eleven and twelve o'clock the next day, I was picked-

up by the sloop Merchant, Captain Meeker. When I first heard

that the boat was on fire, I had been in the wheel-house, after

.taking my tea, for about twenty-five or thirty minutes."

On the 10th of February, 1842, the Merchants' Bank filed a

libel m the District Court of the United States for the District

bf Rhode Island, against the New Jersey Steam Navigation

voL. vi.

30

50

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

Coimpany, as the owners of the Lexington, for "1a cause of bail-
ment, civil and maritime." As the libel is not long, and the circumstances of this case are peculiar, it is deemed proper, to insert it.

"To the Honorable John Pitman, Judge of the District Court of the United States within and for the District of Rhode
Island.
"The libel and complaint of the President, Directors, and Company of the Merchants' Bank of Boston, a corporation incorporated by the legislature of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, against the New Jersey Steam Navigation Company, a corporation incorporated by the legislature of the State of New Jersey, owners of the steamboat Lexington, for a cause of bailment, civil and maritime
"And thereupon the said President, Directors, and Company. of the Merchants' Bank of Boston do allege and articulately propound as follows -
"First. That the respondents, in the month of January, m the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty, were common carriers of merchandise on the hih seas from
the city of New York, in the State of New York, to Stonington, in the State of Connecticut, and were then owners of the
steamboat Lexington, then lying at the port of New York, in the State of New York, and which vessel was then used by the respondents as common carriers, as aforesaid, for the transportation of goods, wares, and merchandise on the high seas from the said port of New York to the said port of Stonmgton, in the State of Connedticut.
"Second. That the complainants, on the high seas, and -wthin the ebb and. flow of -the tide. and within the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction ;f the United States and of this court, on the thirteenth day of January, A. D. 1840, contracted with the respondepits for the transportation, by water,. on board of the said steamboat Lexington, from the said port of Ne* York to the said port of Stonmgton, of certain gold coin,
amounting to fourteen thousand dollars, and of certain silver coin, amounting to eleven thousand dollars, to the libellants belonging , and the said respondents then -and there, for a reasonable hire and reward, to be paid by the libellaits therefor,
contracted with the libellants that they. would receive said gold coin and silver corn on boara of the said steamboat Lexington,
and transport the same therein on the high seas from said New York to said Stonngton, and safely deliver the same to the
fibellants. "Third. That the libellants, on the said thirteenth day of

JANUARY TERM,1 1848.

851

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

January, A. -D. 1840, at said New York, delivered to the sd respondents on board of the said steamboat Lexington, then lying at said New York, and within the ebb and. flow of the
tide, and within the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of the Urnted States-and of this court, and the-respondents then and there received on board of said steamboat the said gold corn and silver corn, for the purpose of transporting the same by water on the high seas from said New York to said Stonington, and to deliver the same to the libellants as aforesaid.
"1Fourth. That the steamboat Lexington sailed from said port of New'York, with the- said gold corn and silver coin on
board, on said thirteenth day of January, A. D. 1840, and bound to said port of Stonngton, yet the respondents,. their officers,
servants, and agents, so carelessly and improperly stowed the said gold corn and silver corn, and the engine, furnace, machinery, furniture, rigging, and equipments of the said steamboat were so imperfect and insufficient, and the said respondents, their officers, servants, and agents, so carelessly, improperly, and negligently managed and conducted the said steamboat. Lexington-during her said voyage, that, by reason of such improper stowage, imperfect and insufficient engine, furnace, machinery, furniture, rigging, and equipments, and of such care-
less, inproper, and negligent conduct, the said steamboat, together with the said gold corn and silver coin. to the libellants belonging, were destroyed by fire on the high seas, and wholly
lost. "Fifth. That by reason of the destruction of the said
steamboat Lexington, and of the said gold corn and silver-corn, the libellants have sustained damage to the -amount of twentyfive thousand dollars.
"Sixth. That the said New Jersey Steam Navigation Com-
pany are possessed of certain personal property within the said Rhode- Island district, and within the ebb and flow of the sea, and within the maritime and admiralty jurisdiction of this court, to wit, of the steamboat called the Massachusetts, her tackle, apparel, furniture, and appurtenances, and of other personal property.
"Seventh. That all and singul r the premises are true, and
-within the admiralty and martime jurisdiction of this court, m verification whereof, if denied, the libellants crave leave to refer to the depositions and other proof to be by them exhibited in the cause. Wherefore, the libellants pray that process,
m due form of law, according to the course of admiralty and of this court in causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, may issue against the respondents, and against the said.steamboat Massachusetts, her tackle, apparel, furniture, and appurte-

352

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation -Company v. Merchants' Bank.

-nances, or any other property to the respondents -belonging within the said Rhode Island district, and that the said property, or any part thereof, may be attached and held to enforce the appearance of the respondents in this court, to answer the matters so articulately propounded, -and to answer the damages which may he awarded to the libellants for the causes aforesaid, and. that this court would be pleased to pronounce for the damages aforesaid, and to decree such damages to the libel-
]ants as shall to law and justice appertam."

On the same day, a momtion and attachment were issued, directing the steamboat MassachusEtts, her tackle, apparel, furiture aid appurtenances, or any other-property to the respondents belonging, within the Rhode Island district, to -beattached. All of which was done.
In May, 1842, the respondents filed their answer, which is too long to be-inserted. The substance of it was, -
1st. They admitted the ownership of- the Lexington, and her being used for the transportation of passengers, goods, wares, and merchandise between New York and Stomngton.
2d. They demed any contract whatever with the libel-
lants.
3d. They demed that the libellants ever shipped, or that the respondents received from the libellants, any gold and silver
corn whatever.
4th. They asserted that whatever goods were received on board the Lexington-were received under the advertisements
and notices mentioned ina previous part of thi statement. 5th. That the usage and custom of the company was to be
held responsible for ordinary care and diligence only, and that this usage, being well known to the libellants, constituted a part of the contract of shipmrnt.
6th. That the bill. of lading, heretofore mentioned, was a copy of all the bills of lading given by the company, which was well known to the libellants.
7th. That the notice above mentioned was posted up on board the steamboat, and on the wharf, and m the office of the company, of which facts the libellants were informed.
8th. That the Lexington was accidentblly destroyed by fire. 9th. They denied that the cotton was improperly stowed,
that the engine, machinery, &c., were imperfect and insufficient, that the officers carelessly, improperly, or negligently managed the boat,, or that by reason of these things the boat was lost. The contrary of all -these things was averred, and
they further averred, that they -had complied with the requisitions of the act of Congress passed on the 7th of July, 1838.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

353

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

In verification of tins last averment, they filed the mspection certificate, dated on September 23d, 1839.
On the 18th of October, 1842, the District Court pronounced a pro forma decree, dismissing the libel with costs, from which an appeal was taken to the Circuit Court:
Under the. authority of the Circuit Court, commissions to take testimony were issued, under winch a vast mass of evi-
dence was taken on both sides. The libellants offered evidence to prove the following posi-
tions: -. that the furnaces were unsafe and insufficient, that there was no proper casing to the steam-chimney, nor any safe lining of the deck where the chimney passed through, that dry pine wood was habitually kept in a very exposed situation, that, especially, there was a very improper stowage or disposi-
tion of the cargo on board, considering what that cargo was, that the boat had no tiller chain or rope, such as the act of Congress, as well as common prudence, required, that there were on board- no fire-buckets, properly prepared and fitted with heaving-lines, that the fire-engine was in one part of the boat, while the hose belonging to it was kept or left 'in another, and' *here it was inaccessible when the fire broke out, and that in
other respects the respondents were guilty of negligence the more culpable, as the same boat had actually taken fire in her last preceding voyage, and no measure of caution had been taken to prevent a recurrence of the accident.
The respondents, on the contrary, offered evidence to- rebut
that adduced m support of the above, and particularly that the boat, hull, engine, boiler, and general equipment were good, that the most expeiienced'men had been employed, without regard to expense, in putting her into complete order, that she had -a
captain, pilot, and crew equal to all ordinary, occasions, and that respondents -were not liable if they did not prove fit for emergencies which might appall -the stoutest, that the boat was well found in tool-chests ;' that ihere were on board a suctionhose, fire-engine, and hose, as required by the act of Congress, that they were stowed in a proper place, that sufficient reasons were shown 'why they" were not available at the fire, that there were three dozen and a half of fire-buckets on board, that the steering apparatus was good, that the loss of, the boat did not
result from her not having "iron rods and chains" instead of "wheel or tiller.ropes", that the parting of the wheel-ropes, if occasioned by the fire, did not:contribute at all to her loss.
At November term, 1843; the cause came on to be heard be-
fore the Circuit Court, when -the court pronounced the f6lowing decree.
"This cause came on to be heard upon the libel, .the answer 30*

354

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

of the respondents, and testimony in the case. The respondents submitted to a decree.
"Whereupon it is ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the said libellants have and recoverlof the said respondents the sum of twenty-two thousand two hundred and twenty-four dollars, and costs of sit, and that execution issue therefor according to the course of the court."
An appeal from this decree brought the case up to this court.
It was argued by Mr Ames and Mr Wfhipple, for the plaintiffs in error, and Mr R. W Greene and Mr Webster, for the defendants. The arguments extended over a wide field, and it is impossible to give them en extenso. All that can be done will*be to place before the.reader the-leading views of the respective counsel, and the reasons in support of them.
The brief filed by Mr Ames and Mr Wkhpple appears to contain these views and authorities. It was as-follows.
The libel, after stating that the respondents, as common carriers of merchandise from the city, of New York to Stonington, in the State of Connecticut, were owners of the steamboat Lexington, used by them for carrying on their said business, states, in articles second and third -
"Second. That the complainants, on the high seas, and within-the ebb and flow of the tide, and within the admiralty and mantime jurisdiction of the United States and of this court, on the 13th day of January, A. D. 1840, contracted with the respondents for the transportation by water, on board of the said steamboat Lexington, from the said port of New York to the said port of Stonington, of certain gold coin amounting .to fourteen thousand dollars, and of certain silver coin amounting to eleven thousand-dollars, to the libellants belonging, and the said respondents, then and there, for a reasonable hire and reward, to be paid by the libellants therefor, contracted with the libellants that they would receive said gold and silver coin on board of the said steamboat Lexington, and transport the same therein, on the high seas, from said New York to said Stonington, and safely deliver the same to the libellants.
"Third; That the libellants, on the said 13th day of"January, A. D. 1840, at said New York, delivered to the said respondents, on -board-of the said steamboat Lexington, then lying at said New York, and within the ebb and flow of the tide, and within the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of the Umted States and of this court, and the respondents then and there received on board of said steamboat, the said gold coin and silver coin, for the purpose of transportink the same by

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

355

New Jersey Steam NavigatLon Company v.Merchants' Bank.

water, on the high seas, from said New York to said Ston-
ington, and. to deliver the same to the libellants, as afore-
said." *Thelibel then proceeds to state the loss of the Lexington,
wQiist on her voyage from New York to Stonigton, on the
13th of: January, 1840, and of the gold and. silver coin on
board, by fire, and attributes the loss to the improper stowage
of the gold and silver corn,, the imperfect and insufficient engine, furnace, machinery, furniture, rigging, and equipments of the boat, and her careless, improper, and negligent manage-
ment and conduct. by the officers, servants, and agents of the respondents, and by reason thereof -claims damages to the amount of twenty-five thousand dollars.
The proceeding is rn personam,the process being a warrant of attachment and moition, 1oth the attachment and momtion
being special. The appellants contend that the decree of the Circuit Court
for the Rhode Island district should be reversed,, and the libel dismissed, on the following grounds -
First. That the contract set forth in the libel, and claimed to be proved, and for breach of. which damages are sought
therem, -to wit, a contract to carry the gold and silver coin of the libellants, in the steamboat of the respondents, from the city of New York to Stonington, in the State of Connecticut, .-is not a contract withinthe admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of the courts of the United States,_ and hence that this court, sitting as a court of admiralty; has no jurisdiction of this
cause.
Second. That, in fact, the libellants did not deliver to the .respondents, and the respondents did not receive from the libellants, the said gold and silver corn to carry, but that the contract of the libellants was wholly with one William F Hamden, a carner and forwarder-on his own a:count and risk, and as such contracted with and paid by the libellants, and hence, that if the libellants have any cause of action for the loss of their said coin, it is against Hamden, and not against the respondents, there being no pnvity of contract between the libel-
lants and respondents. Third. That ifi,n their own name, which we deny, the
libellants could pursue the. respondents, it could only be by virtue of and under the contract of Harnden and the respond-
ents, for the -transportation on board of the boats of the respondents of Hamden's express crate, and that, by virtue of this contract, Hamden was. the insurer of his own crate, whilst
on board the respondents' boats, usmg said boats as his own. Fourth. That although, under these circumstances, we can-

356

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

not be liable for any degree of negligence, or for want of sufficiency in our boat and equipments, to the libellants, with whom we did not contract, and for whom-we did not carry, we deny, as a matter of fact, the charge made against us in the libel in this respect, 'and contend that our boat was stanch and strong, and well equipped, and that her loss by fire was not occasioned by any deficiency in her equipments, or any unskilfulness or negligence in her conduct.
First point. We say that this court, as a court of admiralty,
has no jurisdiction of the contract set forth in the libel, -a carrying contract, stated and claimed to have been made in the city and within the body of the county of New York, aid to be per-
formed by the respondents by a trip of their boat, in which she passed round the head of New York harbour, up the East River, through a portion of Long Island Sound, to Stonmgton, infrafauces terrwe, - land-locked the whole way
It is well settled, that this court will judicially notice geographical facts relating to causes before them. In United
States v. La Vengeance, 3 Dallas, 297, this court took judicial notice of the position of Sandy Hook. See, too, The Apollon, 9 Wheat. 374. In Steamboat Jefferson, 10 Wheat. 428, and m Peyroux v. Howard, 7 Peters, 342, this court took judicial notice of the fact that the tide ebbed and flowed at New Orleans.
The general question of the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States as courts of admiralty, "and especially in relation to contracts, has been much discussed, and we refer the court, for the general learning and argument upon this subject, to the late Judge- Winchester's opinion in The Sandwich, 1 Peters's Adm. Dec. 233, note, Hall's Adm. Prac., Introduction, and to the opinions of the late Mr. Justice Story, in De Lovio v. Boit, 2 Gall. 398, &c., and The Schooner Volunteer, 1 Sumner, 550, in which a very enlarged admiralty junsdiction is contended for, and to the very able and critical opinions of Mr. Justice Johnson, late of this court, in Ramsay v. Allegre, 12 Wheat. 611, and of Mr. Justice Baldwin, late of this court, in Bains v. The Schooner James and Catharme, 1 Baldwin, 544, and to 1 Kent's Comm. -367 - 377, 5th ed., where a very restricted jurisdiction over contracts is held to have been given to the courts of the United States by the provisions of the Con-
stitution. Upon this subject, and in relation to the case at bar, we sub-
mit to, the court the following points and considerations. The Constitution of the United States provides, article 3,
sec. 2, that "the judicial power shall extend to all cases in law and equity arising under this Constitution, the laws of the United States, and the treaties made, or which shall be-made,

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

35/

(New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v.Merchants' Bank.

under their authority, to all cases affecting ambassadors, other
public ministers, and consuls, to all cases of admiralty and maritime.junsdiction, to controversies to which the United States shall be a party, to controversies between two or more States, between citizens of different States, between citizens of the same State claiming lands under grants of different States, and between a State, or the citizens thereof, and foreign states, citizens, or subjects."
By this clause, the judicial power of the United States is to extend to "all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction" and whether, considering the letter of the clause, or the nature
of the cases embraced in it; the jurisdiction of the courts of the Umted States is held to be exclusive. The Sandwich, 1 Peters's Adm. Dec. 233, note (Judge Winchester), Martin v. Hun-
ter's Lessee, 1 Wheat. 333, Barns v. Schooner James and Cathanne, 1 Baldwin, 544, 1 Kent's Comm. 377, 5th ed.
If this jurisdiction be not imperatively exclusive, by force of
the Constitution, it may, at least, become exclusive at the op.tion of Congress, and hence the question of its extent becomes greatly interesting, both as to the jurisdiction of the States andof the common law, or, in other words, to the rig-t of trial by ury.
The jurisdiction is given over "all cases," without reference to the citizenship of the parties, which indicates the extent, and it is not given over "all admiralty and maritime cases," but over "all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction," which indicates the limit of the jurisdiction.
The word "jurisdiction" is necessarily used in direct reference to some court, and the reading of the clause, therefore, is, "all cases of which admiralty and maritime courts have been accustomed to exercise jurisdiction", the words "admiralty" and "maritime" being synonymous, - the one describing the. jurisdiction by the name of the court, the other by the nature of the causes tried in it.
The jurisdiction of :courts is necessarily a matter of artificial law, dependent upon convemence, circumstances, policy, and is
usually parcelled out by positive regula ions. With regard to the Continental maritine courts, and the courts
of admiralty in England, this has been specially the case. Though founded on the customs and usages of the Mediter-
ranean Sea, collected in the Consulat, these customs and usages were adopted and modified to suit the different, countries of Europe, byk positive regulation, and- courts established with jurisdiction and rules of decision marked out by the code of each state or commercial city. Us et Coustumes de la Mer, pub-
lished at Bordeaux, 1681, Sea Laws, 254-256, 376, 377

358

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey -Steam Navigation Company . 'Merchants' Bank.

Though some matters are within the jurisdiction of all maritime courts, yet it is obvious that on a great variety of subjects the codes differ, and that there is no universal martune law ixing with precision the jurisdiction of courts of admiralty or
maritime courts. To what source, then, are we to go to ascertain what cases
are committed to the courts of the United States by the terms "cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction," used in the Constitution ?
We submit,, first, that -we are not to go to the codes or laws
of France, Spain, Holland, the Hanse Towns, &c., - to countries of the civil law, - to ascertain the meaning of these terms, thus adopting a varying standard of jurisdiction, but, as in .other cases, to the law of the parent country, England, - thp country from whence this was settled, and from whence we de-
rive, in general, all our laws and institutions. Second. That, except as a matter of curious speculation, it
is of no importance - to the question before us it is of no nportance - to ascertain what was anciently or originally the
jurisdiction of the English admiralty,, but that the question is, as a matter of fact, what was it, at earliest, at the settlement of
the country, or, latest, at the period of the American Revolution, and from the course and practice of courts of admiralty in this country, what was understood to be the extent of admiralty jurisdiction at. the tune of the adoption of the Constitution of the Umted States, when the -wordsreferred to were
used in that instrument. Third. That, to .the question before the court, it is of no im-
portance whether, in the struggle between the courts of common law and admiralty, the former, carrying out acts of Parliament, or, by their own inherent power of prohibition to inferior tribunals, transgressing their rightful jurisdiction, restricted the jurisdiction of the English admiralty within narrower limits than it anciently or originally claimed and exercised, so that, as a matter of fact, it was restricted in its jurisdiction within
those limits at 'the periods above referred to. Fourth. Tht it is of no importance to consider the ques-
tion, whether ,the terms of the statutes of Richard II. render them applicable, as statutes, to this country, inasmuch as they, with the decisions under them, formed a part of the law of England, fixed the relative jurisdiction of the courts of adinralty and c~mmon law, and had fixed it centuries before the settlement of this country
We might with much more reason contend, that the royal order of King Edward I. and his lords, and of King Edward III.,,and of his solemn convocation of judges, which were in-

JANUARY TBRM, 1848.

359

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

tended to restrain the courts of common law, or the inferior manoral jurisdictions, were of no binding force upon this country, as invasions of the ancient law of England, than can be contended 'on -the -other side, that solemn acts of .Parliament, passed so many years ago, are to be disregarded, as showing the aicient state of the English law
Fifth. That at the settlement of this country, and at the Revolution, it is perfectly notorious that the courts of admiralty in England not onlydid 'not exercise, but did not claim to exercise, jurisdiction over such contracts as the one set forth in
the libel.
We do not refer to the claims of civilians in their treaties, m which they claimed every thing in general terms. Sea Laws, 208, extracts from Godolphin's View of the Admiral's Juris-
diction. From such contracts as that set forth in the libel, the courts
of admiralty were expressly excluded by the terms of the acts of Richard H., confirmed and explained by the acts of Henry IV and Elizabeth. See Acts, Sea Laws, 229, 234, 235, and
in 6 Vin. Abr. 520, 521. These acts were plainly and pointedly intended to restrain
the jurisdiction of admiralty on waters within' the body of a
county, and especially within all ports and havens. See Brownlow, part 2, p. 16, Ia Laws, 333. See cases collected in 2 Gall. 429, 447, and 6 Vin. Abr. 523- 527
Dr. Browne admits, what some other civilians deny, that ports, creeks, and havens are within the restraining acts of
Richard II. and Henry IV., and -thatthe admiralty jurisdiction was excludedfrom.these places by those acts. 2 Browne, Civ and Adm. Law, 92, 3 )Dunlap, 33. See, too, opinion of Sir
Chris. Robinson, in The Public Opinion, 2 Haggard, 398. Indeed, the whole criticism by Judge Story, in De Lovio V.
Boit, of the decisions under the statutes..of Richard, is intended to show rather that they were decided wrongly, than that they
did not decide that the admiralty had no jurisdiction over contracts made in ports and havens.
The undoubted doctrine of the common law courts, since
these statutes- at least, has ever been, that the jurisdiction of admialty over contracts is confined to contracts made upon the hzgh sea, to be executed upon the hzgh sea, of matters in their own nature maritime. 2 Gall. 437
One great point of dispute between the common lawyers and
the civilians, in the construction of the statutes of Richard II., was the meaning ofthe words "things done upon the sea," in stat. 13 Richard H., and "things done and arsmg within the
bodies of counties," mistat. 15 Richard II.'

360

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Kerchants' Bank.

The civilians, and with them agrees Judge Story, contended
that the words "things dope upon the sea" meant "things done touching the sea", i. e. maritime affairs and transactions.
They liken these words to the words of the French ordinance of 1400, which gives the admiralty of France "connoissance et jurisdiction de tos les faits de la mor," &c., and to the words of the French ordinance quoted by Selden, "pour raison on occasion de faict de la mer", that is, Selden says, "ab aliquam causam a re maritima ortam", and because "tons les faits de la mer "1means maritime transaction, in the French ordinance, the argument is, that the words "choses faits sur la mer" mean the same thing in the English statute. 2 Gall. 439.
Unlike the French admiralty jurisdiction, the English admiralty jurisdiction, over contracts at least, originally depended upon the place where made or transacted, and even, it would seem, upon the occupation of the parties to them. See Order
of King .Edward I., 2 Gall. 402, n. 16, Black Book of Adnnralty quoted by Judge Story, 2 Gall. 405.
Sixth. That, as a matter of fact, the courts of aImIralty in
this country, previous to the adoption of the Constituion of the United States, so far as their decisions have been considered-of value enough to be published, never did exercise jurisdiction over contracts of the character of that set forth in the libel, but held themselves confined to the limits of the jurisdiction of the English courts of admiralty Clinton v. Brig Hannah, Bee's Adm. R. 419, decided by Judge Hopkinson in 1781 Shrewsbury v. Sloop Two Friends, Bee's Adm. R. 435, decided by Judge Bee in 1786. See also The Brig Eagle, Bee, 78, and'Pritchard v. The Lady Horatia, Bee, 168, the former decided in 1796, and the latter in 1800, after the adoption of the Constitution, m the latter of which, the ground of the jurisdiction of the court in the case before it is noticed, and the English cases relied on and reviewed.
Seventh. The terms of the commissions of courts of viceadmiralty in this country, in former times, and of the judges of admiralty in England, afford no index to the true limits of their jurisdiction. They were mere matters of form, and Lord' Stowell. speaking of his own commission as judge of the High
Court of Admiralty, says, -" It is universally known, that a great part of the powers given by that commission are totally inoperative." The Apollo, 1 Haggard's Adm. R. 312. 313.
See, too, Schooner Volunteer, 1 Stunner, 564, 565. Eighth. No case has yet been decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States, affirming the admiralty jursdiction of the court over a contract of this character.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

361.

Vew Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

The decisions of the Supreme Court upon the subject of

their admiralty jurisdiction- may be arranged in four classes -

1. Cases of material men, proceeding 'n rem, for repairs done

or materials furnished.

The General Smith, 4 Wheat. 438, was -the. case of a ma-

terial man proceeding--n rem m -the domestic pert of the ship.

The libel was dismissed upon the-ground, that upon a ship, in

a domestic port, the maritime law gave no lien for materials

found, &c., the credit being personal, and hence, that the pro-

teeding en rem could not be maintained. See the obiter dictum

of Mr. Justice Story in this case, -in substance, that, if the libel

had been en pesonarn, it would have been sustained, com-

mented on by Mr. Justice Johnson in Bomsay v. Allegre, 12

Wheat. 611.

The case of Peyroux v. Howard, 7 Peters, 324, was a libel

in rem against i domestic vessel in the port of New Orleans,

brought by a material man, to enforce a lien given by the local

law of Louisiana in such cases.

These decisions conform to the decisions of Clinton v. Brig

Hannah, Shrewsbury v. Sloop Two Friends, and.Pritchard v.

The Lady Horatia, before cited from Bee, which suppose that

the remedy in admiralty depends upon the fact of a lien.

The third resolution of the agreement of February 4th,,1632,

between the judges of the King's Court of Westminster and

the judge 'of the Court of Admiralty and the attorney-general,

concerning the jurisdiction of the English admiralty, was in

these words -

"If suit be in the Court of Admiralty -for building, amend-

ing, saving, or necessary victualling of a ship, against the ship

itself, and not- against any party by name, but such as, for his

interest, makes himself a party, no prohibition is to be granted,

though they be done within the-realm." Dunlap's Adm. Prac.

14, Hall's Adm. Prac. 24, 25, Introduction.

In the .tune of Charles I., it seems that the English admiral-

ty had jurisdiction to enforce a lien in favor of material men,

by a proceeding i rem. 6 Vin. Abr. 527

2. Cases of possessory, and, perhaps, petitory suits concern-

ing vessels.

The case of' the Steamboat Orleans v. Phoibus, 11 Peters,

175, 184, was a libel en rem, in the nature of a possessory suit,

brought by one part-owner of a vessel against the others, pray-

ing that the vessel might be sold, and he paid his advances and

freight in account with the other part-owners, and his propo.

tion of the proceeds of the sale. The court below, strangely

enough, decreed an account and sale. It being shown that the

boat was employed'm plying between New Orleans and Mays-

VOL. VI.

31

z

362

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank..

ville, on the Ohio River,-i. e. her substantial employment being in waters without the ebb and flow of the tide, though she touched waters where the -tide ebbed and flowed at one termmnus of her trips, New Orleans, - the libel was dismissed
by this court for-want of jurisdiction. Undoubtedly, had her substantial employment been on wa-
ters where the tide ebbed and flowed, the court would have entertained the suit so far as to decree a stipulation in favor of
the part-owner, for Ins security, though the account and sale were out of the course of admiralty
Possessory suits, in relation to vessels, have always been en-
tertained by the English Courts of Admiralty without prohibition.
"1Until some tiume after the RestoratiQn," says Lord Stowel, "the courts of admralty exercised jurisdiction over petitory suits, when it was found by other courts that it belonged exclusively to them, since which it has been very cautious not to interfere at all in questions of this sort." The Aurora, 3 Rob. 133, 136.
Pursuing the same subject in the case of The Warrior, 2 Dodson, 288, he reaffirms the above m regard to petitory suits, and adds "IIThe jurisdiction over causes of possession was still
retained, and although the higher tribunals of the country denied the right of this court to iiterfere in mere questions of disputed titles, no insinuation was ever given by them that the court must abandon its jurisdiction over causes of possession." See, too, 2 Browne's Civ and Adm. Law, 113, 114, 397, Dunlap's Adm. Prac. 24, 29, 30.
3. Cases of mariners' wages. The Steamboat Jefferson, 10 Wheat. 429, was a libel in rem for wages earned on board a steamboat plying between Shippmgport, in Kentucky, and places up the Missouri River, which was dismissed by this court for want of jurisdiction over the contract, as one not relating to service performed on waters in which the tide ebbed and flowed. If the service had been substantially performed on tide-waters, the admiralty would have had jurisdiction, such contracts-being within the acknowledged jurisdiction of the English admiralty. 2 Browne's Civ and Adm. Law, 36, 37, Dunlap, 26, -27
4. Cases of salvage. Hobart et al. v. Drogan et al., 10 Peters, 108, 119, 120, 121, was a case of salvage. Salvage has always been deemed within the jurisdiction of the English admiralty See the case of The Joseph Harvey, 1 Rob. 306, in which Sir William Scott says, - "It is allowed

JANUARV TERM, 1848.

363

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

that the court may, in case of pilotage as well as salvage, direct a proper remuneration to be made."
Andrews v. Wall, 3 Howard, 568, was also a case of salvage, the proceeds being in possession of the court, and ordered to be distributed according to an agreement of consortshnp between the salvors. As his Honor, Judge Story, observed, m delivering the opinion of the court, it has always been held in the English adminalty, as incidental to the jurisdiction of the court over the subject of salvage, that the court has power to entertain supplementary suits in relation to the proceeds in their.possession, and to order them to be paid over to the parties interested according to their right.
Ninth. We know of no case, out of the first circuit, m whdh the jurisdiction of the court in admiralty over such- a
contract as this has been affirmed. The Sloop Mary, 1 Paine, 671, was a libel to enforce a bot-
tonry bond, executed by the owner and master m the West Indies, to enable him to purchase a cargo. One question was, whether the case was within the admiralty jurisdiction of the court, the bond being made by the owner as owner of the ves-
sel, since as master he could'not have made such a bond for the mere purchase of cargo, but only for necessary supplies and repairs. The court sustained their jurisdiction, upon the ground that tins was a maritime contract, the vessel being hypothecated for the payment of the sum loaned, and the payment being contingent upon the safe arrival of the vessel.
In Wilmer v. Smilax, 2 Peters's Adm. Dec. 295, the District
Court of Maryland sustained jurisdiction of a libel on a bottonary deed executed by the owner m a home port. This is going farther than-this court has intimated it felt authorized to go. 4 Cranch, 328.
That the English admiralty has always had undisputed junsdiction over bottomry bonds, and of all contingent hypothecations of cargo and freight, is well settled, the jurisdiction depending, not upon the consideration of the contract, but upon whether the payment be contingent upon the' arrival of the vessel. The Barbara, 4 Rob. 1, The Zodiac, 1 Haggard, 325,
The Atlas, 2 Haggard, 48, The Murphy, 2 Browne's Civil and Adm. Law, 530; Dunlap's Adm. Prac. 27, 28.
Second point. That, in fact, the libellants did not deliver to the respondents, and the respondents did not receave from the libellants, the said gold and silver coin to carry, but that the contract of the libellants was wholly with one Wm. F Harnden, a carrier and forwarder on his own account and risk, and as such contracted with and paid- by the libellants, and
hence, that if the libellants have any cause of action for the

364

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

loss of said coin, it is against Harden, and not against the respondents, there being no pnvity of contract between the libel-
lants and respondents. Hamden was the collector of drafts, &c., for the Merchants'
Bank, in the city of New York, and carrier- of the specie in
qupstion. His business was that of a carrier and forwarder of specie,
small packages, &c., collector of drafts, purchaser of goods, &c.f carried on in offices kept by him in New York and Boston, and how he did his business as a carrier is proved by Hamden, 118, 121, Lockwood, 102, 105.
His mode of carrying between New York and Stonmgton'is .shown by his agreements with the respondents, owners of boats plying between those places.
The agreement of August, 1839, provides, "1that the said William F Hamden, for and in consideration of the sum of $250 per month, to be paid monthly to the said New Jersey Steam Navigation Company, is to have the privilege of transporting in the steamers of said company, between New York and Providence, via Newport and "Stonmgton, not to exceed once in each day, from New York and from Providence, and as less frequently as the boats may run between .and from said places, one wooden crate, of the dimensions of rive feet by fi)y
feet in width and height, and six feet in length (contents unknown), until the 31st December, A. D. 1839, and from this
date. "The following conditions are stipulated and agreed to, as
part of this contract, to wit - The said crate, with its contents, is to be at all times exclusively at the risk of the said William F Harnden, and the New Jersey Steam Navigation
Company will not, in any event, be r -sponsibl , either to him or his employers, for the loss of any goods, wales, merchandise, money, notes, bills, evidences of debt, or property of any and every description, to be conveyed or transported by hun in said crate, or otherwise, in any -manner, on the boats of said company.
"1Further, thai-'the said Hamden is to attach to his advertisements, to be imserted m the, public prints, as a common carrier, exclusively responsible for higacts and doings, the followng notice, which he is also to attach to his receipts or bills of ltding, to be given in al cases for goods, wares, and merchandise, and other property committed to his.charge, to be transported in said crate or otherwise
" 'Take notice. -William F Hamden id alone responsible for the loss or injury of any articles or property committed to his care, nor is any risk assumed by, nor can any be attached to,

JANUARY TERM, .1848.

865

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

the proprietors of the steamboats in which his crate may be, and is transported, in respect to it or-its contents, at any time.'"
Schedule I, printed zec. 128. Handen applies for renewal of contract, by letter, of date Boston, December 7, 1839, schedule I, printed rec. 129, Handy replies, by letter, of date New York, December 9, 1839, schedule K, printed rec. 130, Hamden's letter, of date Boston, December 16,.1839, schedule L, printed
rec. 130, Handy's letter, of date New York, December 31, 1839, schedule M, printed rec. 130, 131. To this Harmden makes no reply, waitirg until he came to New York, Hamden's deposition, printed rec. 121, answer to third cross-inter-
rogatory. He was kept back by bad weather (Lockwood's deposition, printed rec. 104, answer to twenty-second-mterrogatory), but under same contract, with same advertisements, continues to transport his-crate in the boats of the New Jersey Steam Navigation Company, as before, and on coming to New York, on the 24th of February, 1840, fornally renews the
contract as proposed by Handy in his letter of December 31, 1839. During the interval between the date of this letter and the 24th of February, 1840, the Lexington was lost. See Hamden's deposit1ii, 120, Brigham's, 28, answers to first, second, third, and fourth cross-interrogatories, ib. 141, Lockwood's, 104, twenty-third interrogatory, schedule N, printed rec. 131, 132. Hamnden had acted as earner for the bank before this transaction. Harnden's deposition, 120, answers to thirteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth interrogatories, and to tenth cross-
interrogatory. He was not our agent, but did business for himself. They
employed him, and not us, and were bound to know in what character he acted, the presumption being, that he who is em-
ployed is alone responsible for his acts and contracts. The burden is upon the libellants to show that Hamden's
acts and contracts bind us, he doing business as a carrier, on his own account, an fact and appearance.
We are not bound, therefore, to bring home to the libellants knowledge of the terms of his contract with us, and. his notices of these terms are not our notices, but his own, stipulated for, it is true, in our contract with him, ex abundanti cautela, but our exemption from responsibility coming from our
relation to Hamden and our contract with him, and not from
the fact that his notices were brought home to his employers. But the Merchants' Bank actually knew that Harnden did
business for himself, and was alone to be responsible. He distributed ten thousand notices to that effect, and especially sent them to the Boston banks. Hamden's deposition, 119, answers to fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth inter-
31*

366

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

rogatories, page 121, answer 121, answer to tenth cross-inter-
rogatory
He advertised to that effect in the Boston newspapers, some -of which this bank took. Curtis's. deposition, 153, Champney's, 153, Nichols's, 154, advertisement, 155, Conant's, 153
.155. Hamden was not the agent of the Merchants' Bank to ship
-their corn with us. He was their agent to collect their drafts in New York, but their. carrier to transport the proceeds to them at Boston. He used our boats under general express ar-
rangements, for the carrying on of his own business, made be:. tween-him and ourselves, by which both are bound, and which necessarily excluded all taeit agreements between us and his
customers. We carried Hamden's crate for hur , - not its contents for
his employers. We are, therefore, no carriers for the Merchants' Bank ;-there is no contract - no privity of contract
between them and us. Hence, we cannot be liable to the Merchants' Bank, but,
if at all, only to Harnden, on our contract with him. Reynolds v. Toppan, 15 Mass. Rep. 370, King v. Lenox, 19
Johns. 235, 236, Walter v. Brewer, 11 Mass. Rep. 99, Ward v. Green, 6 Cowen, 173, Allen v. Sewall, 2 Wendell, 327, S. C. in error, 6 ib. 335, Halsey v. Brown, 3 Day, 346, Portugal coin case, Abbott on Slip. 119, Cas. Temp. Hardw 85, 194, Butler. v. Basing, 2 Car. & Payne, 613, Citizens' Bank v. Nantucket Steamboat Company, 2 Story, 32- 34, 46.
Again, in case of valuables, as jewels and precious stones, gold and silver coin, earned either by land or sea, it not being the custom of the carrier to carry such things without a special acceptance, he shall not be liable- for their loss, unless he accepts them and is paid for them. Kenng v. Eggleston, Aleyn, 93, commented on by Lord Mansfield, in Gibbon v. Paythton, 4 Burr. 2301. Cases of baggage decided by Lord Holt, and collected in 1 Yin. Abr. 220 , and see 1 Wheat. Selwyn, 301, No. 1, and cases cited. Orange Countv Bank v. Brown et al.' 9 Wend, 85, Pardee v.Drew, 25 ib. 459, Citizens' Bank v. Nantucket Steamboat Company, 2 Story, 32- 34, 46, Statutes 11 Geo. 4, and 1 Win. 4, ch. 38, 68, found in 2 Kent's Comm. 609, note c 1 2 Stephens's N. P., art. Carmer, in relation to land-carriers. Statutes 7 Geo. 2, ch. 15 , 26 Geo. 3. ch. 86, 53 Geo. 3, ch. 159, found in 2 Kent's Comm. 606. Abbott on Shipping, part 3, ch. 4, sect. 8, 9, and in chap. 5, on Limitation of Responsibility of Ship-owners. See Hinton v. Dibbm, 2 Adol. & Eli. (N. S.) 646, reviewing obiter dicta in Boys v. Pink, 8 Car. & Payne, 361, and in Owen v. Burnett, 2 Cromp.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

"S

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchant&' Bank.

& Mees. 353, S. C., 4 Tyrwhtt, 133, in construction of statutes 11 Geo. 4 and 1 Win. 4, ch. 68.
We neither received, were paid for, nor carried, with our knowledge, the gold and silver coin of the Merchants' Bank.
The warranty of sufficiency of boat, eqmpments, &c., is implied in the contract of carriage in favor of him whose goods are contracted to be carried. It follows, that, if we did. not contract to carry for the Merchants' Bank, we did not warrant
the suffi6lency of our means of carriage to them. Third point. That if in their own name, which we deny,
the libellants could pursue the respondents, it could only be by virtue of and under the, contract of Handen and the resp~ndents for the transportation on board of the boats of the respondents of Hamden's express -crate, and that, by virtue of this contract, Hamden was the insurer of his own crate whilst on
board -therespondents' boats, using said boats as his own. The contract between Hamden, by its terms, throws the
whole risk of the carnage of his. crate and contents exclusively on him, - m any event, at any time. No policy forbids such a contract.
In England it is well settled that a carrier may limit his responsibility by a special acceptance. Kenrig v. Eggleston, Aleyn, 93, Rolles, Ch. J., Southeote's case, 4 Coke, Rep. 84, Coke, Ch. J., Slue v. Morse, 1 Vent. 190, 288, Hale, Ch. J., Lyon v. Mells, 1 Smith, 484, S. C., 5 East, 428 - Abbott on Ship., part 3, ch. 4, sec. 8, p. 296, ed. 1822.
See old and new form of bill of lading. Abbott on Ship.,
part 3, ch. 2, sec. 3, p. 216, ed. 1829, 1 Bell's Comm. 454, 471, 4th ed., Gibbon v. Paynt6in, 4 Burr. 2301, see Yates, J., Peake's N. P Cases, 150, 2 Taunt. 271, 1 Bell's Comm. 380,
384, 4th ed., book 1, part 1, ch. 4, sec. 3, Amerscan Bills of Lading, see Gordon v. Buchanan, 5 Yerger, 71, Johnson v. Friar, 4 ib. 48, Atwood v. RelianceTransp. Co., 9 Watts, 87, Relf v. Rapp, 3 Serg. & Watts,-35.
It is well settled in Eigland, that a common carrier may limit his responsibility by notices brought home to the knowledge of his customers. Nicholson v. Willan, 5 East, 513, Gibbon v. Paynton, 4 Burr. 2301, Yates, J., and Aston, J.,
Evans v. Soule, 2 M. & S. 1, Latham v. Ratley, 2 B. & C. 20 ,. Harry v. Packwood, 2 Taunt. 264, Leeson v. Holt, 1 Starkie, 186, Mawing v. Todd, ib. 72, Lowe v. Booth, 13 Price,329, Riley v. Horne, 5 Bingh. 217, Brooke v. Pickwick, 4 Bingh. 218.
.The same doctrine prevails in America. Gordon v. Little, 8
Serg. & Rawle, 533, Atwood v. Reliance Transp. Co., 9 Watts, 87, Orange County Bank v. Brown, 9 Wend. 115, Nelson, J.;
Phillips v. Earle, 8 Pick. 182, Bean v. Green, 3 Fairf. 422.

WS

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants" Bank.

As to the extent of a carrier's liability under such notices.
Smith v. Home, 8 Taunt. 144, Lowe v. Booth, 13 Price, 329, Brooke v. Pickwick, 4 Bingh. 218- Owen v. Burnett' 2 Cromp.
& Mees. 360, Wyld v. Pickford, 8 Mees. & Wels. 443. By special contract a carrier may dispense with all respons1-
bility, and, in this respect, a special agreement differs from notice. 1 Bell's Comm. 380 - 384, 4th ed., book 1, part 1, ch. 4,
sect. 2.
The cases of Cole v.. Goodwin, 19 Wend. 280, Nowlen v. Hollister, ib. 246, 247, Clark v. Faxton, 21 ib. 153, and Gould v. Hill, 2 Hill, 623, are cases of lost baggage of passengers or goods carried by land. See Schieffelin v. Harvey, 6 Johns. 180, McArthur "v.Sears, 21 Wend. 194, which show that, as common carrers by water, under a contract for the carnage of goods, and especially valuables, deliberately made, we should be entitled to the benefit of the terms of our special agreement with Harnden, 'under which the libellants must claim, if at all.
See 2 Kent's Comm. 601, 608. But we were not common carners of this crate and its con-
tents. A common carrier as to some things is not necessarily a common carrier as to others. Citizens' Bank v. Nantucket Steamboat Co., 2 Story, 32- 34, 46, &c.
The agreement between us, as the owners of steamboats, and
Harnden, a carner, was a permanent arrangement, byvirtue of which he was to have the privilege of sending his crate by our boats, and to carry on his business in our boats.
This he could not exact of us as a common carner for him, and we did not perform as a common earner. Story on Bailments, 512, § 508., ibid. 483, § 476, Jencks v. Coleman, 2 Sumner, 224, 225, Story on Bailments, 581- 583, § 591, a,
583, n. 1, 1 Vin. Abr. 220, and cases cited. In New York it is perfectly well settled that any other
bailees, except common carriers, may make what contracts, vad provide for what limitations of responsibility, they will, and the courts will fairly carry out the contract. Alexander v. Greene, 3 Hill, 1, 2 Kent's Comm. 608, note a.
In New York a bailee, under such a contract as that between Harnden and ourselves, is liable only for fraud. Ibid.
It is like a case of charter-party, in which the charter-partysettlea the responsibilities of the parties to it. Abbott on Ship., part 3, oh. 1, Contract of Affreightment.
Fourth point. That, although under these circumstances we cannot be liable for any degree of negligence, or. for want of sufficiency in our boat and equipments, to the libellants, with-whom we did not contract, and for whom we did not car-
ry, nor to Harnden for any misconduct short of fraud or wil-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

369

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

ful injury, yet we deny, as a matter of fact, the charge made against us in this respect, and contend that our boat was stanch
and strong, and well equipped, and that her loss by fire was not
occasioned by any deficiency in her equipments, or any unskilfulness or negligence in her conduct.
Admitting that we could be liable to them on this ground, the burden, as in case of every other breach of contract, is upon him who alleges and claims for a breach, - the libellants
here. They must prove, 1st. The insufficiency, &c. 2d. That their loss was caused by that insufficiency, and not
merely its abstract existence. 1 Bell's Comm. 460, 4th ed., book 3, part 1, ch. 5, sec. 2, paragraph 499, L. B. 3, Pothier, Chartre Partie, vol. 1, p. 319, Havelock v. Geddes, 10 East, 555, Sharp v. Grey, 9 Bingh. 459, Alderson, J., Bremner v.
Williams, 1 Car. & Payne, 414 ;.Best, J., Jones v. Boyce, 1 Starkie, 495, Bell v. Reed, 4 Binney, 127, Hart v. Allen, 2 Whart. 120, Reed v. Dick, 8 Watts, 479, Anies v. Stevens,
1 Stra. 128. The question has been, whether a carrier is ever liable for a
secret defect. Pothier, Chartre Partie,-vol. 1, p. 319, Sharp v. Grey, 9 Bingh. 459, Alderson, J., Christie v. Griggs, 2 Camp. 81, Brenimer v. Williams, 1 Car. & Payne, 414, Story on Bailments, %¢ 509, 562, 571, a,-592, and authorities cited.
However this may be, as a.general question, we contend that, 'under a contract by which all risk was excluded from us, we are not to be liable for secret defects in our boats, machinery,
&c. Our boat, hull, engine, boiler, and general equipment were
good, by, the proof. (Here the counsel entered into a minute examination of the testimony.)
The act of 1838 is a penal act, imposing new duties upon carners, and does not apply to a boat engaged in the waters in which the Lexington was employed, when lost, but only to boats voyaging "at sea,? or in the specifie4 larger lakes. See.
8th and 9th sections of the act of 1838. Compare the 8th and 9th sections of the act'with the 3d,
4th, 5th, and 6th sections, and it will be seen that the word CCsea," iii the act, does not mean "bay, river, or other navigable waters of the United States," but "1altum mare," " high or open sea," in the common sense of the term.
But, finally, the loss of the Lexington did not result from her not having "1iron rods and chains," instead of "wheel or
tiller ropes," required by the statute. The boat. when found to be on fire, should have been stop-
ped, and this seems to have been the captain's attempt, at one

370

SUPREME COURT.

New Jerse~y, Steam Navigation Company v.Merchants' Bank.

tne. The parting of the wheel-ropes, if occasioned by the fire, did not contribute at all to her loss.
The want of the steering apparatus required by the statute, not being the cause of her loss, is no ground for damages, within the authorities above cited.

Mr R. W Greene, for the defendants in error, argued the question of jurisdiction first, and then the following points -
1. That the respondents were common carriers. 2. That common carriers are liable for all losses, except those which arise from the act of God, the public enemies, or the fault of the owner of the goods. 3. That common carrers cannot limit their liabilities by notice. 4. That even a special' agreement to exempt a common carrier from the legal liabilities of his employment would be void. One cannot be a common carrier, receiving the compensation of common carriers, and yet be exempted or excused from the proper responsibilities of his employment.
5. That if there be any doubt of the correctness of the foregoing propositions, according to the law of England or other
countries, there is none according to the law of New York, where the shipment in this case was made.
6. Bat if the libellants be wrong on the general point (viz. that common carriers cannot, m New York at least, limit their
responsibility at all by notice), still the effect of notice, if any effect whatever be given to it, can only be to relieve the carner from liability for artraordinarylosses or occurrences. He isstill liable for losses within his own warranty, express or implied, or occasioned by his own negligence or misconduct.
The libellants contend, therefore, 7 That there is no sufficient proof of notice an this case, and, 8. That if notice be proved, it does not relieve the respondents from their implied warranty with regard to the vessel, her seaworthiness, her equipment, the competency of her crew and commander, the mode of stowing cargo, and the navigation and general management of her as a carrying vessel. And the libellants will maintain, as a rule of evidence fit to govern this case, that if a vessel be lost an fair weather, with-
out the presence of any external cause or occurrence adequatp to the production of the loss, the legal presumption is that she was either unseaworthy or was improperly navigated, conducted, or managed, and to discharge the respondents, this presumption must be met, answered, and overtlrown, by clear and
satisfactory proof.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

371

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

The li]ellants contend that there is in the case no such clear
and satisfactory proof as is sufficient to overcome the legal pre-
su.mption, and they insist, further, that there is proof that, alt point of fact, the respondents' warranty was not complied with
in various respects, and among others in these, viz. - that the furnaces were unsafe and msufficient, that there was no proper casing to the steam-chnney, nor any safe lining of the deck
wheke the chimney passed through, that dry pine wood was
habitually kept in a vert exposed situation, that, especially, there was a very improper stowage or disposition of the cargo on board, considering what that cargo was, that the boat had no tiller chain or rope, such as the act of Congress as well as common prudence required, that there were on board no firebuckets, properly prepared and fitted with heavng-lines, that the fire-engine was m one part of the boat, while the hose belonging to it was kept or left in another, and where it was inaccessible when the fire broke out, and that in other respects the respondents were guilty of negligence, the more culpable, as the same boat had actually taken fire in her last preceding voyage, and no measure of caution had been taken to prevent a recurrence of the accident.
1st point. As to the question of jurisdiction.
The counsel upon the oiher side have argued this question as if it were the decision of the court which vested the junsdiction in it, immediately under the Constitution, without the intervention of an act of Congress, and that if the court were to decide with us, the jurisdiction must remain in its, fll extent until an alteration of the Constitution. But the Constitution vests in Congress the power to distribute this jurisdiction
amongst the courts of the Umted States, as the public good may require. The courts only take what Congress confers. Congress may confer a jurisdiction as large as the grant contamed in the Constitution, as they have done in the Judiciarr Act of 1789, or they may abridge and restrict the jurisdiction.
within such limits as they think proper. They may enact the statutes of Richard, with my Lord Coke's construction. They may even take away the jurisdiction over seamen's wages and
bottomry bonds. Congress can also regulate the forms of process and the modes of proceeding in the courts of admiralty,
and can provide for the trial by jury of all issues. Upon such a construction of the grant, the people retain the
whole subject under their own control, to be regulated as ex-
perience and the progress. of events may render expedient. If they find it too large under the Judiciary Act of 1789, they can limit'it, if they prefer that the remedy should be confined to cases-,n rem, they can so restrict it, if they wish a process mn personam as well as sn ,they can leave the law as it is.

372

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey -Steam Navigation Company v. Aferchants' Bank.

Whereas, by the construction contended for by our adversa-
ries, the court are urged to disable Congress, and the people through Congress, from conferring such jurisdiction as their interests may require. The statutes of Richard, with my Lord Coke's construction of.them, become a part of the Constitution of the United States, and impose upon the people and Congress a perpetual disability to enlarge the jurisdiction, however much their interests may require it, without an alteration of the-Constitution. The members of the Convention were statesmen, civilians, and common lawyers, they were engaged in
framing an instrument of government, which they hoped, and which we hope, will endure for ages. The great objects of
the confederacy were commerce and union. Is it not absurd to suppose that men, engaged in such a work, would have incorporated into the compact of government such distinctions as to remedies in rem and in personam as are contended for by the counsel for the respondents ? Would they not have conferred the larger power upon Congress. and thus left the subject to be regulated as experience should show was most expedient
It is said, however, in answer to this, that, if the court -should now decide that it does not possess the jurisdiction, Congress can hereafter enlarge the jurisdiction. But the present -grant is coextensive with the grant of power to Congress
itself in the Constitution. The words used are the same m both instruments. If, then, Congress have already exhausted their power by vesting the courts with the whole of it, how can any fund remain in reserve upon which Congress can draw for a fresh supply?
But it is contended, by the counsel upon the other side, that the English system of' admiralty, as it existed in 1787, became bodily transferred, just as it then stood, into the Constitution of the United States. Without inquiring, for the present, into the absurd5 contradictory, and mconsistent principles upon which the common lawyers of England had placed the system, let us examine how far it -would be suitable and appropriate to the United States, -how far it would be adapted to our condition, and adequate to carry out one of the great objects for which the people adopted the Constitution. This object was to- promote commerce. The preamble indicates this. The United States was a maritime nation, with an immense extent of sea-coast, indented with bays, rivers, and harbours, the navigation of which was dangerous. A few considerations will serve to show -that the limited construction contended for by the other side would eminently fail in promoting this essential object of the union.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

373

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

As to pilotage.

The English admiralty had no jurisdiction over pilotage, ex-

cept upon the high seas, where it was not needed.

(Mr.. Greene here illustrated the necessity of the supervision

of the federal government over the subject of pilotage, be-

cause of its importance, its peculiar applicability to admiralty

jurisdiction, the meritorious character of the services rendered,

&c., &c., also over the subject of material men, inasmuch as

the States were foreign to each other as to jurisdiction, also

over the subject of salvage,, inasmuch as the English admiralty

had jurisdiction over salvage only where the property of the

ship wrecked was not cast ashore, see 5 Howard, 452, also

over the subject of collisions in bays, harbours, and navigable

rivers, which are purely a -maritime subject, and more apt to

occur than collisions on the high seas.)

The subject tf affreightment is not within the admiralty ju-

risdiction of England, although the subject of seamen's wages

is so. But freight is the mother- of wages. The whole sub-

ject of affreightment is purely maritime, and within the juris-

diction of all the Continental courts, and of Scotland, to this

day. 1 Sumner, 555, 558, 559.

What are the history and principles of English admiralty ju-

r, sdiction, as settled by the common law courts? The princi-

PC is, that if a contract be made upon land, to be performed

a.on the sea, or made upon the sea, to be performed upon land,

the courts of admiralty have no jurisdiction. But they can

only interfere where contracts are made upon the sea, to be

performed upon the sea, - such as a note of hand, given at sea,

to be paid at sea, or an agreement to. convey real estate, to be

executed upon the voyage. Lord Kenyon admitted this to be

absurd. In 3 T R.-267, he says, -" If the admiralty have ju-

risdiction over the subject-matter, to say that it is necessary for

the parties to go. upon the sea, in order to execute the mstru-

ment, bordeis upon absurdity ' The common law, as to. all

other than mariLme contracts, is,that the law .of the place of

performance is to govern, but this rule is set aside as to admi-

ralty The general rule which governs all courts, as to theif

jurisdictic't, is the subject-matter. This is the rule m chan-

cery, in the ecclesiastical courts, and the common law courts,

upon every branch of jurisdiction except the admiralty, and in

that case alone the inquiry is, not whether the. contract be- of

a maritime nature, but whether it was made within the body

of a county. The statutes of Richard are relied upon for this

rule, and these statutes are declared, by Lord Coke to be in

affirmance of the common law From -whatever source this

rule of jurisdiction was derived, -whether from the statutes

VOL. VI.

32

374

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersoy.Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

of Richard or from the common law, -if it be an arbitrary rule, and not founded in any just principle, it is unreasonable to suppose that the people of the United States meant to make it a part of their federal compact. But neither the common law nor the statutes of Richard are jjistly chargeable with this absurd rule of jurisdiction. It rests entirely upon the author-
ity of Lord Coke, who was a great common lawyer, but no civilian.
(Mr Greene then cited the ancient commissions in admiralty, the ordinance of Edward I., confirmed by ordinance of Edward III., the statutes. of Richard II. and Henry IV., to :show that the object of all of them was to place the admiralty
jurisdiction in the same position where Edward III. had placed it, which did not justify the rule in question.)
The history of Lord Coke's controversy with Lord Chancellor Ellesmere shows the extent to which he desired to push the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of common law 3 B1. Comm. 44. Lord Coke's enmity to the 'admiralty has-been a subject of comment by the common law judges in later times, particularly by Mr. Justice Buller, but they were bound by the authority of his decisions, however much they may have condemned the principle on which they were founded. And now, at this late day, this court are called upon to incorporate these decisions- into the American Constitution, and. thus deprive the American people of. the power, through their representatives in Congress, so to regulate this jurisdiction as their interests may require.
The preservation of the trial by jury is said to be -the great object for which these decisions were made. It was alleged that the admiralty had no trial by jury, that the judge was the immediate representative of the crown, and that the subject had'no -participation in the proceedings of his court. This was very plausible in England, but it has no application to this country, and even in England itself the reason is not sound. If the trial by jury be of such importance as to exclude the admiralty jurisdiction from' certain classes of cases of..a maritime character, why is the jurisdiction of the Lord Chancellor allowed in that country ? His jurisdiction extends over the whole kingdom, and controls and annuls the judgments of the common law courts. He is the immediate adviser of the king, and keeper of his conscience. He is a member of the Privy Council, a politician, appointed and removed as his party succeeds or falls. There is no jury trial in
his court, except at his discretion, and he never orders an issue to be tried before a jury, except when the evidence is so doubtfut that he can come to no satisfactory conclusion, and he then

JANUARY TERM, '1848.

375

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

puts upon a jury the responsibility of guessing. The United
States courts are invested by the Constitution with this power, and they exercise it, sitting as circuit courts in the different
States. How have the common law courts of England extended
their own jurisdiction, whilst so scrupulous respecting that of others? The*venue was originally local in cases of contracts and personal torts, as well as in real actions. The jury must come from the -vicinage, and therefore, where the transaction occurred at sea, no jury could try the case. But a videlicet gave to these courts jurisdiction over the ocean, and the defendant was not allowed to deny the fiction. This was, in fact, an encroachment upon the admiralty The Court of King's Bench had originally no jurisdiction over contracts, but was confined to cases of trespass. But a fiction which was not
permitted to be denied gave jurisdiction over matters of contract, and a similar fiction enlarged the jurisdiction of the Court
of Exchequer also..
Two arguments are urged against the jurisdiction over the
present case 1st. It takes away the trial by jury
2d. It encroaches upon the jurisdiction of the State tribu-
nals.
1st. It takes away the trial by jury.
'Nothing can be clearer than- that our ancestors attached a high value to the righl of trial by jury.- But there, is a wide difference between an English admiralty judge and one appointed under the Constitution of the United States. The
reasons for entertaining a jealousy against the former do not apply to the latter. In the United States, admiralty judges, as well as common law judges, are appointed by and responsible to the people, in some form or other. There is, therefore, no political reason for restraining the jurisdiction of a court of admiralty If our American ancestors were jealous of the jurisdiction of the vice-admiralty courts of the colonies, the reason for that jealousy ceased when we became an independent people.. A vice-admiralty judge of the colonies was the,representative of the crown, the people of the colonies had no voice nor participation in his proceedings. It was a foreign tribunal,
enforcing, amongst other things, the obnoxious laws of trade. But when the people of the United States came to frame a government for themselves, and to establish a judiciary which should be ultimately responsible to them, nothing can more
clearly show how well the Convqnt,-on and Congress understood their change of position, than the insertion into the Judiciary
Act of 1789 of the clause which makes seizures upon tide-wa-

376

SUPREME COURT.

NeW Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

ter, for breaches of the revenue laws, cognizable in the courts of the United States, as courts of adinnilty No trial by jury was provided. This branch of the vice-admiralty jurisdiction was most bitterly complained of by the colonies, and. yet the first Congress WThch sat under the Constitution-invested the courts of the United States with the same power. It was composed of many of the same men who, in the Convention, had framed the Constitution, and who had also been members of
the Congress whose measures led to the Revolution. The jurisdiction thus given, for penalties and forfeitures upon tidewater, is in direct contradiction to the English system. But it was known to the members of the Convention that a jury trial could be prescribed by an act of Congress in the courts
of admiralty It was so in the colonial vice-admiralty of Yirgima.
It may be mentioned, also, that chancery jurisdiction was given to the courts of the United States by the Constitution.
There is here no trial by jury, and yet it controls and annuls the judgments of common law courts. Chancery courts existed in most of the colonies, - in New York, Virginia, &c., and their existence was never complained of, because they were established by the colonies themselves.
2d. It encroaches upon the jurisdiction of the State tribunals.
This argument begs the question. It assumes that such jurisdiction would be an encroachment. We deny it. The words of the grant in the Constitution are, "to all cases of adimralty and maritime jurisdiction." They are words of the most comprehensive import, and from the language used, as well as from the reasonableness of the thing, we say that the people must be presumed to have intended a jurisdiction which was needful and proper to carry out, or to aid in carrying out, the great commercial purposes of the Constitution. In adopting.the Constitution, the people intended to confer upon the federal government all the powers needful to accomplish the purposes for which it was formed. State courts are governed by the common law, and not the law maritime. The decisions of one Etate, moreover, are not binding on another, and thus there would be no uniformity Whilst the regulation. of the commerce of the country was in the hands of the federal goverment, if its courts had no jurisdiction over commercial questions which might arise out of that commerce, there would
be one law iinNew York, another in Massachusetts, and a third an some other State.
(Mr Greene continued much further his illustrations of tins matter. But for them, or for his arguments upon the other points of the case, there is not room.)

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

377

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

Mr Webster, upon the same side with Mr Greene, laid down the following propositions, which he illustrated at considerable length.
This court has decided, First. That the admiralty jurisdiction of this government is not limited to the admiralty jurisdiction as it existed in England in 1789. The English rules, therefore, are not to be regarded. Warng v. Clarke, 5 Howard, 441. Second. That a suit in admiralty lies for a tort committed on the high seas, or elsewhere within the ebb and flow of the tide. Waring v. Clarke, 5 Howard, 441. Third. That in cases of tort, the proceeding may as well be in personam as in rem. Manro v. The .Almeida, 10
Wheaton, 473. Fourth. That in case of contract where there is a lien, the
admiralty jurisdiction arises, though the contract may be made on land. Peyroux v. Howard, 7 Peters, 324, The General
Smith, 4 Wheaton, 438. Fifth. That the true question in cases of contract. is this,
to wit, whether the service agreed to be performed, and performed, be in its nature a maritime service. This excludes policies of insurance, but includes affreightment and all con-
tracts to carry over and upon tide-waters. 7 Peters, 324, Lord Mansfield and other English judges, Hall's Admiral-
ty, 1. Sixth. In cases of contract, the proceeding may be in per-
sonam, as well as in rem. There would be a great mconsistency if this were not so. In cases .where nothing more is sought than damages for the non-fulfiment of a contract,
there are two objects, and two only, in proceeding by way of seizure of the rem. One to compel an appearance in the litigation, the other to obtain security Both these are identical with the proceeding by way of attaching the defendant's goods,
as in the case in 10 Wheaton. But it is important to remember, that, in cases of the seizure of the rem, the judgment or satisfaction is not limited to the proceeds of the sale thereof. If a balance remain unsatisfied, execution process, goes against
the defendant in personam, if he has appeared and contested the suit. In this case, therefore, the plaintiff ,proceeds in personam with as much regularity as belongs to any proceeding in rem. Besides, as the res went to the bottom, how could there be any proceeding in rem. If -there were another case exactly like this, except that in such case a spar, or a sail, or the caboose-house, having been found floating, should have.
been seized, would this court ha e taken jurisdiction in one case and not in the other ? 10 Wheaton, ubt supra.
32*

SUPREME COURT.
New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.
Seventh. The court laving decided that the constitutional grant of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction to the government of the United States is not to be limited by the rules which restrained the English admiralty in 1789, it follows of course, that the jurisdiction of the courts of the Umted States should naturally be coextensive with the*granted power, unless Congress has otherwise declared, and as the Judiciary Act of 1789, section ninth, expressly vests in the District Courts of the United States original cognizance of all civil causes of admirally and maritime jurisdiction, then whatever this court adjudges to be a case of admiralty and maritime jurlsdiction belongs originally to the District Court, and invests that court necessarily with the power of all process and proceedings fit and pr6per for the exeicise of its jurisdiction, subject to regulation by Congress.
Eighth. It is not, probably, doubted that the grant of ad-. miralty and maritime jurisdiction to the government of the United States is exclusive, or that no state now retains any such power, and so absolutely indispensable has such a jurisdiction been-found to-be on. the interior lakes and rivers, that Congress has been obliged.to provide, and ha§ provided, for its exercise on those waters. See Act of 1845.
The only objection to this necessary law seems to be, that Congress, in passing it, was shivering and trembling under the apprehension of what might be the ultimate consequence of the decision of this court in the case of the Thomas Jefferson. It pitched the power upon a wrong location.
Its proper home was in the admiralty and maritime grant, asm all reason, and in the common sense of all mankind out of England, admiralty and maritime jurisdiction ought to extend, and does extend, to all navigable waters, fresh or salt.
The Reporter understands that Mr. Chief Justice Taney, Mr. Justice McLean, and-Mr. Justice Wayne, concirred in the -following opinion.
Mr. Justice NELSON. This is an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States, held in and for the District- of Rhode Island, in a suit -originally commenced in the District-Court in admiralty, and in which the Merchants' Bank of Boston were the libellants, and the New Jersey Steam Navigation Company the respondents. The suit was instituted upon a contract of affeightment, for the purpose of recoveritng a large amount, of specie .lost in the Lexington, one of the -steamers of the' respondents running

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

-379

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

between New York and Providence, -which took fire- and was consumed, on the night of the 13th of January, 1840, on Long Island Sound, about four niles off Huntington lighthouse, and between folty and fifty miles from the former city
The District Court dismissed the libel proform , and entered a decree accordingly. An appeal was taken to the Circuit Court, where this decree of dismissal was.reversed, and a decree entered for the libellants for the sum of $ 22,224, with
costs of suit. The case is now before this court for review
William F Hamden, a resident of Boston, was engaged in the business of carrying for-hire small packages of goods, specie, and bundles of all kinds, daily, for any persons choosing to
employ him, to and from the cities of Boston and New York,.. using the public conveyances between these cities as the mode of transportation. For this purpose, he had entered -nto an agreement with the respondents on the 5th of August, -1839,
by which, in consideration of $ 250 per month, to be paid
monthly, they agreed to allow him the privilege of transporting in their steamers between New York and Providence a wooden crate of the dimensions of five feet by five feet. in width and height, and six feet in length, (contents unknown,) until the 31st of December following, subject to these conditions -
1. The crate with its contents to be at all times exclusively at the risk of the said Hamden, and the respondents not in any event to be responsible, either to hun or his employers, for the loss of any goods, wares, merchandise, money, &c., to be conveyed or transported by him in said crate,, or otherwise in the
boats of said company 2. That he should annex to-his advertisements published in
the public prints the following notice, and which was, also, to be annexed to: his receipts of goods or bills of lading -
,1Take notice. - William F Harmden is alone responsible for the loss or injury of any articles or property committed to Ins care, nor is any risk assumed by, nor can any be attached to, the proprietors of the steamboats in which hIs crate may be and is transported, in respect to it or its contents, at any -time."
This arrangement. expired on the 31st of December, 1839, but was on that day-renewed for another year, and was in existence at the tune of the loss in question.
A few days previous to the loss of the Lexington3 the libellants employed.Harnden in Boston to collect from the banks in the city of New York checks and drafts to the amount of about $46,000, which paper was received by.him and forwarded to his agent in that city, with directions to collect and send home the came in the usual why .Eighteen thousand dollars of this sum.

380

SUPREME COIqRT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation, Company v. Merchants' Bank.

was put in the crate on board of that vessel on the 13th of Jan-
uary, for the purpose of bing conveyed to, the libellants, and was on board at the time she was lost, on the evening of that day.
Upon this statement of the case, three objections have been taken by the -respondents to the -right bf the libellants to re-
cover 1. That the suit is not maintainable in their names. That,
if accountable at all for the loss, they are accountable to Hamden, with whom the contract for carrying the specie was made.
2. That if the suit can be maintained in the name of the libell-ants, they must succeed, if at all- through the contract with Hamden, which contract exempts them from all responsibility as carriers of the specie, and,
3. That the District Court had no jurisdiction, the contract of affreightment not being the subject of admiralty cognizance.
We shall examine these several objections in their order. I. As to the right of the libellants to maintain the suit. They had employed Hpnden to collect checks and drafts on
the banks in--the city of New York, and to bring home the proceeds in specie. He had no interest in.the money, or inethe contract with the respondents -for its conveyance, except what was derived from the possession in the execution of his agency.
The general,'property remained in the libellants, the real owners, subject at-all tines to their direction and control , and any
loss that might happen to it in the course of the shipment would fall upon them.
This would be clearly so if Harnden is to be regarded as a private agent, and even if in the light of a common carrier of this description of goods, the result would not be changed, so far as relates to the right of property
The carrier has a lien on the goods for his freight, if not paid in advance., but subject to this claim he can set up no right of property or of possession against the general owners. (Story on Bailments, § 93, g )
The- carrier, says Buller, J, is considered in law the agent
or servant of the owner, and-the possession of the agent is the possession of the owner, .(4T R.' 490.)
Under these circumstances, the contract between Iamden and the respondents for the transportation of th specie was, in
contemplation of law, a contract between them and the libellants , and although made in his own name, and without disclosing his employers at the time, a sit iiiay be maintained directly upon it in their names.
It would be otherwise, an a court of law, if the contract was under seal. (Story-' Agency, § 160.)
It rested in parol, ii this case, at the tine of the loss.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

381

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' 'Bank.

In Sims v. Bond, 5 Barn. & Adol 393, the court observed that it was a well-established rule of law, that, where a contract, not -under seal, is made by an agent m his own name for an undisclosed principal, either the agent or the principal may sue on it, the defendant in the latter case being entitled to be placed in the same situation, at the time of the disclosure of the real principal, as if the agent had been the contracting party.
The same doctrine is affirmed by Baron Parke, in deliverng the jtdgment of the court in Higgins v. Senior, 8 Mees. & Wels. 834, 844, in the Court of Exchequer. Ii that case, it was held that the suit might be maintained on the contract, either in the name of the principal or of the agent, and that, too, although required to be in writing by the statute of frauds.
The rule is. also, equally well established in this country, as may be seen by a reference to the cases of Beebee v. Robert, 12 Wend. 413, Taintor v. Prendergast, 3 Hill, 72, and Sanderson v. Lamberton, 6 Binney, 129.
The last case is like the one before us. It was an action by -the owners directly upon the sub-co~tract made by the first
with the second carrier for the coTiveyance of the goods, m whose hands they were lost.
The cases are numerous in which the general owner has sus-
tained an action of tort against the wrong-doer for injuries to the property while in the hands of the bailee. The above cases show that it may be equally well sustained for a breach of contract entered into between the bailee and a third person.
The court look to the substantial parties m interest, with a view to avoid circuity of action , saving, at the same tine, to the defendant all the rights belonging to him if the suit had .been in the name of the agent.
We think, therefore, that the action was properly. brought in the name of the libellants.
II. The next question is as to the duties and liabilities of the respondents; as carriers, upon their contract.with Harnden. As the libellants claim through it, they must affirm its provisions, so far as they/may be consistent with law
The general liability of the carrier, independently f d/ny special agreement, is familiar. He is chargeable.as an insurer
of the.goods, and accountable for any damage or loss that may happeni to them in the course of the conveyance, unless arising from inevitable accident, - in other words, the act of God or the public enemy The liability of the respondents, therefore, would be undoubted, were it not for the special agreement un-
der which the goods were shipped. The question is, to what extent has this agreement qualified
the common law liability.)

382

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

We lay out of the case the notices published by the respondents, seeking to limit their responsibility, because, -
1. The carrier cannot in this way exonerate himself from duties which ihe law has annexed to his employment, and,
2. The special agreement with Haruden is quite as comprehensive in restricting their obligation as any of the published
notices. A question has been made, whether it is competent for the
carrier to restrict his obligation even by a special agreement. It was very fally considered m the case of Gould and others v. Hill and others, 2 Hil, 623, and the conclusion arrived at that he could not. See also Hollister v. Nowlen, 19 Wend. 240, and Cole v. Goodwin, ib. 272, 282.
As the extraordinary duties annexed to Is employment concern only, in the particular instance, the ,parties to the transaction, involving simply rights of property, - the safe custody and delivery of the goods, - we are unable to perceive any well-founded objection to the restnction, or any stronger
reasons forbidding it than exist in the case of any other insurer of goods, to which his obligation is analogous, and which depends altogether upon the contract between the
parties. The owner, by entering into the contract, virtually agrees,
that, in respect to the particular transaction, the earner is not to be regarded as m the exercise of his public employment; but as a private person, who incurs no responsibility beyond that of an ordinary bailee for hire, and answerable only for
misconduct or negligence. The right thus to restrict the obligation is admitted in a
large class of cases founded on bills of lading and charterparties, where the exception to the common law liability (other than that of inevitable accident) has been, from time to time; enlarged, and the risk diminished, by the express stipulation of the parties. The right of the carner thus to limit his liability in the shipment of goods has, we think, never been
doubted. But adntting the right thus to' restrict his obligation, it by
no means follows that he can do so by any act-of his own.
He is in the -exercise of a sort of public office, and has public duties to perform, from which he should uot be permitted to exonerate himself without the assent of the-parties concerned. And this is not to be implied or inferred from a general notice to the public, limitng his obligation, which may or may not be assented to. He is bound to receive and carry all the goods offered for transportation, subject to all the responsibilities inci-
derit to his employment, and is liable to an action in case of

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

88

New Jersey Steam Navigation Compiany v. Merchants' Bank.

refusal. And we agree with the court in the. case of Hollister v. Nowlen, that, if any implication ist,o.be indulged from the delivery of the goods under the general notice, it is as strong that the owner intended to insist upon his rights, and the duties of the carrier, as it is that he assented to their qualification.
The burden of proof lies on the carrier, atid nothing short of -an express stipulation by parol or in writing should be permltted to discharge him from duties which the law has annexed to his employment. The exemption from these duties should not depend upon implicationlor inference, founded on doubtful and conflicting evidence, but should be specific and certain, leaving no room for controversy between the parties.
The special agreement, in this case, under w'hich- the goods were shipped, provided that they should be conveyed at the risk of Hamden, and that the respondents were not to. be accountable to him or to.his employers, in any event, for loss or damage.
The language is general and broad, and might very well comprehend every description of risk incident to the~shipment. But we think it would" be going farther than the intent of the parties, upon any fair and reasonable construction of the agreement, were we to regard. it as stipulating for wilful nisconduct, gross negligence, or want of ordinary care, either in the seaworthiness of the vessel, her proper equipments. and furmture, or in her management by the master and hands.
This is the utmost effect that was given to -a general notice, both in England and in this country, when allowed to restrict ,the carrier's liability,-.although as broad and absolute in its terms as the special agreement before us (Story on. Bailn. § 570), nor was it allowed to exempt him from accountability for losses occasioned by a defect in the vehicle, or mode of conveyance used in the transportation. (13 Wend. 611, 627, 628.)
Although he was -allowed to exempt himself from losses arising out of events and accidents against which he was a.sort
of insurer, -yet, inasmuch as he.had undertaken to carry the goods from one place to another, he.was deemed to have incurred the same degree of responsibility as that which attaches
to a private person, engaged casually in the like occupation, and was, therefore, bound to use ordinary care in the custody of the goods, and in their delivery, and to provide proper vehicles and means of conveyance for their transportation.
This rule, we think, should' govern the construction of the agreement in question.
If it is competent at all for the, carrier to stipulate for the

384

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company-r. Mferchants' Bank.

gross negligence of himiself, and his servants or agents, in the
transportation of the goods, it- should be required to be done, at least, in terms that would leave no doubt as to the meamng of the parties.
The respondents having succeeded in restricting their liability as carriers by the special agreement, the burden of proving that the loss was occasioned by the want of due care, or by gross negligence, lies on the libellants, which would be otherwise in the absence of any such restriction. We have accordingly looked into the proofs in the case with a view to
the question. There were on board the vessel one hundred and fifty bales
of cotton, part of which was stowed away on and along side of the boiler-deck, and around the steam-chimney, extending to within a foot or a foot and a half of. the casing of the same, which was made of pine, and was itself but a few inches from the chimney The cotton around the chimney extended from the boiler to within a foot of the upper deck.
The fire broke out in the cotton next the steam-chimney,
between the two decks, at about half past seven o'clock in the evening, and was discovered before it had made much progress. If the vessel had been stopped, a few buckets of water, M all probability, would have extinguished it. No effort seems to have been made to stop her, but, instead thereof, the wheel was
put hard a-port, for the purpose of heading her to the land. In this act, one of the wheel-ropes parted, being either burnt or broken, in consequence of which the hands had no longer any control of the boat.
Some of them then resorted to the fire-engine, but it was found to be stowed away in one place in the vessel, and the hose belonging to it, and without which it was useless, in another, and which was inaccessible m consequence of the fire.
They then sought the fire-buckets. Two or three only, m all, could be found, and but one of them properly prepared and fitted with heaving-lines, and, in the emergency, the specieboxes were emptied. and used to carry water.
The act of Congress (5 Statutes at Large, 306, § 9) made it
the duty, at the time, of these respondents to provide, as a part of the necessary furniture of the vessel, a suction-hose and fireengine, and'hose suitable to be worked in case of fire, and to carry the same on every, trip, in good order, and further provided, that irorf rods or chains should be employed and used in the navigation of steamboats, instead of wheel or tiller ropes.
This latter provision was wholly disregarded on board the
vessel during the trip in question, and the former also, as we
have seen, for all practical or useful purposes.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

385

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

We think there was great want of care, and which amount ed to gross negligence, on the part of the respondents, in the stowage of the cotton, especially, regarding its exposure to fire from the condition of the covering of the boiler-deck, and the casing of the steam-chimney The foriier had been on fire on the previous trip, and a box of goods partly consumed. Also,

for the want of proper furniture and equipments of the vessel, as required by the act of Congress, as well as by the most prudential considerations.

It is,.indeed, difficult, on -studying the facts, to resist the

conclusion, that, if there had been no fault on board in the particulars mentioned, and the emergency had been met by the

officers and crew with ordinary firmness and deliberation, the

terrible calamity that befell the vessel and nearly all on board.

would have been arrested.

We are of opinon, therefore, that the respondents are liable

for the loss of the specie, notwithstanding the special agree-

ment under which it was shipped. III. The remaining question is as to the jurisdiction of the

court.

By the second section of the third article of the Constitu-

tion, it is declared that "the judicial power shall extend" "to

all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction."

The ground of objection to the jurisdiction, in this case, rests upon the assumption, that this provision had reference to

the jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty in England, as

restrained by the statutes of 13 and 15 Richard II., or as exer-

cised in the colonies by the courts .of vice-admiralty, which,

as their decisions were subject to the appellate power of the High Court at home, with few exceptions, and those by act of

Parliament, were confined within the same limits. This is the foundation of the argument in support of the
restricted jurisdiction, and which, it is claimed, excludes the

contract in question.

Under the statutes of Richard, as expounded by the common

law courts, in cases of prohibition against *the admiralty, its jurisdiction over contracts was confined to seamen's wages,

bottomry bonds, and- contracts made and to be executed on the

high seas. If made on land, or within the body of an English county,

though to .be executed, or the service to be performed, upon

-the sea. or if made upon the sea, but to be executed upon

the land, in either case it was held by the comriion law courts that the admiralty had no jurisdiction. In the first, because the place where the contract was made, and in the second,

where it was to be -performed, was within the body of the

voL. V1.

33

386

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

county, and, of course, within the cognizance of the common law courts," which excluded the admiralty
It is not to be denied, therefore, if the grant of power in the
Constitution had reference to the jurisdiction of..the admiralty inEngland at the time, and is to be governed by it, that the present suit cannot be maintained, as the District Court of
Rhode Island had no jurisdiction. But in answer. to this view, .and to the ground on which it
rests, we have been referred to the practical construction that has been given to the Constitution by Congress in the Judiciary Act of 1789, which established the courts of admiralty, and assigned to them their jurisdiction, and also to the adjudications of this, and of the Circuit aud -District Courts, in adiniraltycases, which not only reject the very limited jurisdiction in England, but assert and -uphold a jurisdiction much more comprehensive,. both an respect to contracts 'and torts, and which has been exercised ever since the establishment of these
courts. And it is insisted, that, whatever may have been the doubt, originally, as to the true construction of the grant, whether it had reference to the jurisdiction in England, or to the more enlarged "one that existed in other maritime coun-
tries, the question has become settled by legislative and judicial interpretation, which ought not now to be disturbed.
We are reclined to concui'in this view, and shall proceed to
state some of the grounds -m support of it. By the ninth sedtion of the Judiciary Act of 1789, which
established the admiralty courts, it is declared that the District Courts "1shall have, exclusive original cognizance of all civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, including all seizures under the laws of szpost, navigation,or trade of the United Statesi where the seizures are made on waters which.are navigable from the sea hy vessels of ten or more tons burden, within their respective districts, as well a upon the high seas, saving to suitors, sn all cases, the right of a common law remedy, where the common law ts competnt to
give it."
The High Court of Admiralty m Ehgland never had original jurisdiction of causes arising under the revenue laws, or laws concerning the navigation and. trade of' the kingdom. They belong; exclusively, to the jurisdiction of the Court of Exchequer, in which the proceedings are conducted as at common
law That court exercises an appellate power over the decisions
of the vice-admiralty courts in revenue cases in the' colomes, even that' power was doubted, till affirmed by the Court- of Delegates, on an appeal from a decision of the vice-admiralty

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

387

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank,

court in South Carolina, in 1754. Shice then, it has been exercised, but this is the extent of its power over revenue cases,
or cases arsing under the navigation laws. Thus it will be seen that a very wide departure from the
English limit of admiralty jurisdiction took place within two years after the adoption of the Constitution, and that, too, by the Congress called upon to expound the grant with a view to the establishment of the proper tribunals to carry it into ex-
-ecution.
The constitutionality of this act of Congress, and, of course, the true construction of the grant in the Constitution, became a subject of discussion before this court, at a very early day, on several occasions, and received its particular consideration;
The first case that involved the question was the case of The Vengeance, in 1796, nine years after the adoption of the Constitution. (3 Dallas, 297)
The vessel was seized by the marshal in the port of New York, as forfeited under an act of Congress, prohibiting the exportation of arms, and libelled and condemned in the District Court. On appeal, the Circuit Court reversed the decree and dismissed the proceedings, upon which an appeal was taken
to this court. On the argument, the Attorney-General took two grounds
for reversing the decree. The second was, that,. even if the
proceeding could be considered a civil suit, it was not a suit -of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, and therefore the Circuit
Court should have remanded it to the District Court, to be tried before a jury. He'referred to the ninth section of the Judiciary Act, which declared, that "the trials of issues of fact in
the District Courtq, in all causes except cvil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, shall be by jury," and insisted, that a libel for a violation of the navigation laws was not a civil suit of admiralty junsdiction, that the principles regulating the admiralty jurisdiction in this country must be such as were consistent with the common law of England at the period of the Revolution, that there admiralty causes must be causes arsing wholly upon the sea, and not within the precincts of any county; that the act of exporting arms must have commenced on'land, and if done part on land and puart on the sea,
the authorities held that the admiralty had no jurisdiction. The court took, time to consider the question, and on a sub-
sequent day gave judgment, holding that. the suit was a- civil cause of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, and therefore
rightfully tried by the District Court without a jury, that the case was one coming -within the general admiralty powers of the court, and, for a like .reason, it was held that the appeal to the Circuit Court was regular, and properly disposed of.

388

3UPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

It will be observed .that the seh:-re, in this case, was m the
port of New York, and within the body of the county, which
extends to Sandy Hook.
The next case that came before the court was the case of The Schooner Sally, in 1805, which arose in the Maryland district, and involved the same question as in the case of the Ven-
geance, and was decided in the same way But the most important one, as it respects the question be-
fore us, was the case of The Schooner Betsey, in 1808 (4 Cranch, 443). This vessel was seized fof a violation of the non-intercourse act between the United States and St. Domingo, in the port of Alexandria, in this District. She was condemned in the District Court, but on appeal the Circit Court reversed the decree, from which an appeal was taken to this
court.
Mr. Lee, who had argued the case of the Vengeance, appeared for the claimant, and requested permission to argue the point again more at large, namely, whether the case was one of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, and in this argument will be found the ground and. substance of all the arguments which have been since urged in favor of the limited construc-
tion of the admiralty power under the Constitution.
He referred ,to the terms of the grant in the Constitution, and denied that Congress could make cases of admiralty jusdiction nor could it confer on the federal courts jurisdic*.
tion of a case which was not of admiralty and maritime cognizance at the time of the adoption of the Constitution. That the seizure of a vessel within the body of a county, for a breach of a muncipal law of trade, was not of admiralty cognizance, - that it was never so considered in England, -
that all seizures in that country for a violation of the revenue and navigation acts were tried by a jury, in the Court of Exenequer, according to the course of the common law, - that the High Court of Admiralty in England exercised no jurisdiction in revenue cases, - and msisted, that if the ninth section of the Judiciary Act was to be construed as including revenue cases and seizures under the navigation acts as civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, the act was repugnant to
the Constitution, and void. The court rejected the argument, and held thiat the case was
not distinguishable from that of the Vengeance, and which they had already determined belonged properly to the jurisdiction of the admiralty They observed, that it was the place of seizure, and not the place of committing the offence, that determined the jurisdiction, and regarded it as clear that Congress
meant-tu- discruninate between seizures on waters navigable

JANUARY TERM,- 1848.

-289

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v.Merchants' Bank.

from the sea, and seizures on land or on waters not navigable, and to class the former among the civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction.
Similar objections were taken to the jurisdiction of the court. in the cases of The Samuel and The Octavia (1 Wheat. 9 and
20), and received a similar answer from the court. We have been more particular in referring to these cases,
and to the arguments of counsel, because they show, 1. That the arguments used m the present case against the
jurisdiction, and in favor of restricting it to the common law limit in England at the Revolution, have been heretofore pre-
sented to the court, on several occasions, and at a very early day, and on -each, after full consideration, were rejected, and the -judgment of the court placed upon grounds altogether inconsis-
tent with that mode of construing the Constitution, and, 2. They affirm the practical construction given to the Con-
stitution bv Congress -inthe act of 1789, which, we have seen, assigns to the District Courts, interms, a vast field of admiralty jirisdction unknown to that cout in England.
The jurisdiction in all these cases is maintained on the broad" ground, that the subject-matter was of admiralty cognizance, as the causes of actron arose out of transactions that had occurred upon the high seas, or within the ebb and flow of the tide, expressly rejecting the common law test, which was at-
tempted to be applied, namely, that they arose within the body of a county, and therefore out of the limits of the admiralty
In answer to an argument that was pressed, that the offence must:have been committed upon land, such as in case of an exportation of prohibited goods, the court say that it is the place of seizure, and not the place of .committing. the offence, that decides the jurisdiction, - a seizure upoif the high seas or within tide-waters, although the fide-waters may be within the body of a county
All the cases thus arising under the revenue and navigation laws were held to be civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction within the words of the Constitution, and, as such,
were properly assigned to the District Court, in the act of 1789, as part of its admiralty jurisdiction.
They were so regarded, as well in respect to the subjectmatter as in respect to .the place where the causes of action had arisen.
The clause in the act of-1789," saving to suitors in all cases the nght-of a common law remedy where the common law is
competent to give it," was referred to on the argument in support of the restricted jurisdiction. And it was insisted that the remedy is thus saved -toboth parties, plaintiff and defendant.
33*

390

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey. Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

and is, in effect, an exception from the admiralty power con-
ferred upon the District Courts of all causes in winch a remedy night be had at common law
The language is certainly peculiar, and unfortunate, if this was the object of the clause, and besides, the construction would exclude from the District Court cases which the sternest
opponent of the. admiralty, will admit properly belonged to it. The common law courts exercise a concurrent jurisdiction in
nearly all the cases of admiralty cognizance, whether of tort or
.contract (with the exception of proceedings in rem), which, upon the construction contended for, would be transferred from
the admiralty to the exclusive cognizance of these courts. The meaning of the clause we think apparent. By the Constitution, the entire admiralty power of the coun-
try is lodged in the federal judiciary, and Congress intended by
the-ninth section to invest the District Courts with this power, as courts of original jurisdiction.
The term " exclusive original cognizance" is used for this
purpose, and is intended tobe exclasive of the State, as well as of the other federal courts.
The saving clause was inserted, probably, from abundant
',caution, lest the exclusive terms in which the power is conferred-on the District Courts might be deemed to have taken away the concurrent remedy which had before existed.
This leaves the concurrent power where it stood at common law
The clause has no application to seizures arismg under the
revenue laws, or laws of navigation, as these belong exclusively to the District Courts. (Slocum v. Mayberry, 2 Wheat. 1,
Gelston v.Hoyt, 3 ib. 246.) If the thing seized is acquitted, then the owner may prose-
cute the wrong-doer for the taking and detention, either m admiralty o at common law The remedy is concurrent. (Ibid.)
2. Another class of cases in which jurisdiction has aiways been exercised by the admiralty courts in this country, but which is denied in England, are suits by ship-carpenters and material men, for repairs and necessaries, made and furnished to ships. whether foreign or in the port of a State to which they do not belong, or in the home port, if the mnmicipal laws of the State. give a lien for the work and materials. (1 Peters's Adm. R. 227,'233, note, Bee's Adm. R. 106 4 Wash. C. C. R. 453, 1 Payne, 620, Gilpin, D. C. R. 203, 473 1 Wheat. 96, 4 ib. 438 , 9 ib. 409, 10 ib. 428, 7 Peters, 324, 11 ib. 175.)
The principle stated in the case of The General -Smith, 4 Wheat. 438, and which has been repeated in all the subse-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

891

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

quent cases, is, that where repairs have been made or necessaries furnished to a foreign ship, or to a ship in the ports of a State to which she does not belong, the general maritime lawgives a lien on the ship as security, and the party may maihitain a suit in admiralty to enforce his right. But as o repairs or necessaries in the port or State to which the ship belongs, the case is governed altogether by the local law of the State, and no lien is implied unless recognized by that law But if the
local law gives the lien,.it may be enforced in admiralty Thejurisdiction .m these cases, as will be seen from the au-
thorities referred to, appears to have been exercised by the Distnct Courts from the time of their earliest organization, and which was afirmed by this court the first time the quesfion-
came before it. The District Court of South Carolina, in 1796, in the case
of North and Vesey v. The Brig Eagle, Bee's R. 79, maintained a libel for supplies furnished a foreign vessel, and considered
the question as a very clear one at that day. See also Pritchard v. The Lady Horatia, p. 169, decided in 1800.
Judge Winchester, district judge of the Maryland district;
maintained the jurisdiction, in a most able opinion, at a very
early day. (1 Peters's Adm. R. 233, note.) The same opinion was also entertained by Judge Peters, of
the Pennsylvama district. (1 Peters, 227 ) Since then, the jurisdiction appears to have been undisputed.
We refer to these 'nunions, not so much for the authority
they afford, though entitled to the highest respect as such,
but as evidence of the line of jurisdiction exercised, at that early day, by learned admiralty lawyers, in direct contradiction
to the theory, that the constitutional limit is to be determined
by the jurisdiction in England. They are the opinions of men of the Revolution, engaged. in administering admiralty law as understood in the country soon after the adoption of the Constitution, fresh from the discussions which every provision and grant of power in that instrument had undergone. The
opinions may -be well referred to as affording the highest evidence of the law on this subject in their day.
3. Another class of cases in which jurisdiction is entertained
by the courts in this coimtry, on contracts, but which is denied in England, are suits for pilotage. (10 Peters, 108). It is denied in England on the ground of locality, the contract hav-mgWbeeesnhamlladpeurwsuiethtihnetheexabmoidnyatbiofna county
no farther. The authorities, we think, are decisive against expounding the constitutional grant according to the jurisdiction of the Englfsh admiralty, and in favor of a line of jurisdiction which fully embraces the contract in question.

392

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

Before jurisdiction can be withheld in the case, the court
must not only retrace its steps, and take back several of its decided cases, but must also disapprove of the ground which
has heretofore been taken, and maintained m every case, as the proper test of admiralty jurisdiction.
Some question was made on the argument founded on the
circumstance, that this was a suit enpersonam. The answer is, if the cause is a maritime cause, subject to
admiralty cogmzance, jurisdiction is complete over the person, as well as over the ship, it must, in its nature) be complete, for it cannot be confined to one of the remedies on the cbn-
tract, when the contract itself is within its cognizance. On looking into the several cases in admiralty which have
come before this court, and in which its jurisdiction was involved or came under its observation, it will be found that the inquiry has been, not into the jurisdiction of the court of admiralty in England, but into the nature andf subject-matter of the contract, - whether it was a maritime contract, and the service a maritime service, to be performed upon the sea, or upon waters within the ebb and flow of the tide. And, again, whether the service was to be substantially performed upon the sea, or tide-waters, although it had commenced and had terminated beyond the reach of the tide, if it was, then jurisdiction bhs always been maintained. But if
the substantial part of the service under the contract is to be performed beyond tide-waters, or if the contract relates exclu-
sively to the interior navigation and trade of a State, jurisdiction is disclaimed. (10 Wheat. 428, 7' Peters, 324, 11 ib. 175, 12 ib. 72, 5 Howard, 463.)
The exclusive jurisdiction in admiralty cases was conferred on the national government, as closely connected with the grant of the commercial power.
It is a maritime court instituted for the purpose of adminstering the law of the seas. There seems to be ground, therefore, for restraining its jurisdiction, in some measure, withm the limit of the grant of the commercial power, which would confine it, in cases of contracts, to those concerning the navigation and trade of the country upon the high seas and tide-
waters with foreign countries, and among the several States. Contracts growing out of the purely internal commerce of
the State, as well as commerce beyond tide-waters, are generally domestic in their origin and operation, aiid could scarcely
have been intended to be drawn within the cognizance of the
federal courts. Upon the whole, without pursuing the examination farther,
we are satisfied that the decision of the Circuit Court below was correct, and that its decree should be affirmed.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

.293

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

Mr. Justice CATRON. 1. In my judgment, the -NewJersey Steam Navigation Company were entitled to all the benefits of Hamden's contract with them, in regard to the property of others with which he (Harnden) was intrusted, for the purpose of transporting it in his crate. And though the company can rely on all the defences which they could have relied upon if Harnden had sued them, still I think the libellants can maintain this suit. Had a trover and conversion been made of the money sued for, or an open trespass been committed on it by throwing it
overboard, by the servants or agents of the company, then either Harnden, the bailee of the bank, might have sued the company, or the bank might have sued. As to the right to sue, in the case put, by the bank, there can be no doubt, as such acts were never contemplated by the contract, nor covered
by it. The Navigation Company were responsible to Harnden (and
to those who employed him), notwithstanding the contract, for acts of gross negligence in transporting the property destroyed, as, for instance, if the servants of the company, in navigating
the vessel, omitted to observe even slight diligence, and failed. mn the lowest degree of prudence, to guard against fire, then they must be deemed in a court of justice to have been guilty of gross negligence, by which expression I mean, that they acted reckless of consequences as respected the safety of the vessel and the lives and property on board and in their charge, that such conduct was contrary to common honesty, and that the master and owners were liable for loss by reason of such recklessness, as they would have been in case of an affirmative and meditated fraud that had occasioned the same loss, and that this burmng was a tort.
Whether it is evidence of fraud in fact, as Sir William Jones intimates, or whether it is not, as other writers on bailments declare, is not worthy of discussion. The question is this. Is the measure of liability the same where a ship is burned
because the master and crew did not observe the lowest degree of prudence to prevent it, and in a case where she is wi fully burned? This is the question for our consideration. In the civil law, I apprehend no distinction in the cases put exists i nor do I believe any exists at common law But by the laws of the United States, such gross and reckless negligence as that proved in the case before us was a fraud and a tort on the shippers, and the fire that occurred, and consequent loss of
life, a crime on'the part of the master. By the twelfth section of the act of 1838, chap. 491, every
person employed on any steamboat or vessel, by whose negli-

_W4

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam. Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank:

gence to his respective duty the life of any person shall be destroyed, shall be dcemed guilty of manslaughter, and subject to conviction and imprisonment at hard labor for a time not exceeding ten years. 5 Statutes at Large, 306. RHere the ,legislature have put gross negligence m the category of crimes of a igh grade, and of frauds of course, nor can this court assume a less stringent principle, in a case of loss of property, than Congress has recognized as the true one, if life be de-
stroyed by such negligence. From the facts before us, I feel warranted m saying, that, had the captain survived the destruction of the ship and the loss of many lives by the disaster, he would have been clearly guilty according to the twelfth
section. One single circumstance is decisive of the culpable negli-
gence. By section ninth of the above act, it -is made "the
duty of the master and owner of every steam-vessel employed on the sea, to provide, as a part of the necessary furniture, a suction-hose and fire-engine and hose suitable to be worked on said boat m case of fire, and carry the same upon each and every voyage, m good order." This vessel, had something of
the kind, but it was in no order for use, and a mere delusion, and a sheer fraud on the law and the public. Had there been such an-engine and hose, the fire could have been extinguished n all probability,, as I apprehend.
2. There was only a single rigged bucket on board, and nothing else to reach the water with, and the -money of libel-
lants was thrown from the boxes, and they used to lift water. 3. The flue from the furnace ran through three decks, and
was red-hot through the three decks, and the cotton was stowed within eighteen inches on all sides of this red-hot flue, and the bales pressed in, three tiers deep, from the boiler-deck to the next deck, so that it would have been with much difficulty that the cotton could have been removed should-a fire occur, there the fire did occur, and the cotton was not removed, - wherefore the vessel was burnt. And fromthe mode of stowage a fire could hardly be avoided, and was to be expected and guarded against.
Then as.to the jurisdiction. The fire occurred on the high sea, It was a tort there. The case depends not on any contract, but on mere tort standing beyond the contract. The locality of the tort is the locus of jurisdiction. Locality is the strict limit. 2 Bro. Adm. Law, 110, 3 131. Comm. 106. The conflict between the Luda and De Soto, m Louisiana, 1847; 5 Howard. But especially 2 Bro. Adm. Law, 144, which lays down the true doctrine as follows -
"We have now done with the effect of the master's con-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

395

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

tracts or violence, as to his owners, and proceed to consider how he and they are affected by his negligence. And, first, as soon as merchandises ajid other commodities be put on board a ship, whether she be riding in a port or haven, or upon the high sea, the master is chargeable therewith, and if the same be lost or purloined, or sustain any damage, hurt, or loss, whether in the haven or port before, or upon the seas after., she is upon her voyage, whether it-be by manners or by any other through their permission, the owner of the goods has his election to charge either master or owners, or both, at his pleasure, - though he can have but one satisfaction, - in a court of common law, if the fault be committed enfra corpus comitatus, in the admiralty, if super altum mare, and if it be on a place where there is divzsum smperum, then in one or the other,
according to the flux or reflux of the sea." I think the libel in this case covers my view of it. It sets
out the facts of how the money was shipped in general terms, but avers it was lost by fire, and by reason of an insufficient furnace i insufficient machinery, furniture, nggmg, and equipments, and the careless, negligent, and improper management of said steamboat Lexington by the servants and agents of the Navigation Company
If this techmcal objection had been addressed to the court below, it could have been easily remedied, and cannot be favorably heard here, now, no doubt, made for the first tne.
I therefore. think there was jurisdiction in the Circuit Court to try the libel, and, secondly, that the decree was proper, and ought to be affirmed, without alteration.

Mr. Justice DANIEL.
The inquiries presented for consideration in this cause resolve themselves into two obvious or natural divisions, the one involving the rights of the parties as growing out of their alleged undertakings, the other the right of the .libellant to prosecute his claim in the mode adopted in the court below, and the power of the court to adjudicate it in, that or in any other mode whatever. This latter inquiry, embracing as it does the nature and extent of the admiralty powers of the government of the United States, and by consequence the construction of that article of the Constitution by which alone those powers have been invested, challenges the most solemn, deliberate, and careful investigation. I approach that investigation with the diffidence which its wide-spread interest and importance, and a deep conviction of my own deficiences, cannot but awaken.
The foundation, nay, the whole extent and fabric, of the ad-

8&

SUPREME bOURT.

New Jersey -Steam Navigation CoInpany v. Merchants' Bank.

niralty power of the government are to be found m that portion of the second section. of the third article of the Constitution, which declares that the judicial power shall extenfl (amongst other subjects of cognizance there enumerated)"' to all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction."
The distribution of this admiralty power so created by the Constitution, with reference to the tribunals by which, and the modes in which, it shall be executed, is contained in the act to establish the judicial courts of the United States of 1789, section ninth, which constitutes the District Courts of the
United States courts of exclusive original cognizance of all civil causes of dmiralty and maritime jurisdiction, and of certain seizures under the laws of imposts, concluding or qualifying this investment'of power with these plain and signifi6ant terms .--" saving to suitors, in all cases, the right of a common
law remedy, where the common law is competent to give it." Looking now to the provisions of the third article of the Con-
stitution, and to those of the ninth section of the Judiciary Act, we recur to the inquiry, What is this civil and maritime junsdiction derived from the Constitution, and vested by the Judiciary Act inthe District Courts, - what the standard by which its scope and.power, its "space -nd verge," are to be measured,
-what the rules to be observed m the modes of its execution? Although the Constitution and act of Congress do not precisely define nor enumerate the former, nor prescribe in forms and precedents the latter, yet it will hardly be pretended, that
either the substance or the forms of admiralty jurisdiction were designed by the founders of our jurisprudence to be left without limit, to be dependent on surmise merely, or controlled by fashion or caprice. They were both ordained in reference to some known standard in the knowledge and contemplation of the statesman and legislator, and the ascertainment of that standard by history, by legislative and judicial records, must furnish the just response to the inquiry here propounded.
' In tracing the origin, existence, and progress of the colonial institutions, or in seeking illustrations or analogies requisite for the comprehension of those institutions down to the period of separation from the mother country, it is to the laws and policy of the latter that we must chiefly look as guides to my thing like accurate results in our investigations. For the necessity here intimated, various and obvious causes will at once be perceived. As instances of these may be exemplified, 1st,. similarity of education and opinion, strengthened by inter-
course and habit, 2d, national pride, and the partiality -which naturally creates in the offspring admiration and initation of the parent, 3d, identity of civil and political rights in the

JANUARY TERM,'"1848.

397

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merch-ants' Bank.

people of both regions, 4thly, and chiefly, perhaps, the jeal-

ousy of the mother country with regard to her national unity,

power, and greatness, -a principle which has ever prompted

her to bind in the closest practicable system of efficient un-

formity and conformity the various members of her extended

empire. These causes have had their full effect in. regulating

the rights of person and of property amongst British subjects

,everywhere within the dominions of England. There is not, and never has been, a question connected with either, in which

we do not find every Englishman appealing .to the common

law, or to the charters and statutes of England, as defining the

nature and as furmishmg* the best protection of his rights.

He uniformly clings to these as constituting at once his birth-

right, Is pride, and his security Vide 1 Bl. Comm. 127,

128. Would it not be most strange, then, with this strong

tenacity of adherence to their peculiar national polity and

institutions, that we should suppose the government or the

people of England disposed to yield their cherished laws and

customs in matters which peculiarly affedt them in a national

point of, view, to wit, the administration of their maritime and

commercial rights and interests ? It would seem to me equally

reasonable to expect that the admiralty courts of England, or

of any part of .the dominons of England, in order to define or

settle their jurisdiction, would as soon be permitted to adopt, as

the source and foundation and measure . of their power, the

ordinances, if such there be, of China or 'Thibet, as those of

France, Genoa, or Vemce, or of any other portion of the-con-

tinent of Europe, whether established by the several local

governments on the continent, Qr based upon the authority

of the civil law With respect to the realm of England, the

origin and powers of the court.of admiralty are placed upon

a footing which leaves them no longer -subjects of speculation

or uncertainty. Sir 'William Blackstone, in his Commentaries,.

Vol. Ill. chap. 5, p. 69, informs us, -upon the authority of Sir

-Henry Spelman, Glossary, 13, and of Lambard, Archeion, 41,

-that the Court of Admiralty was first erected by King Ed-

ward III. Sir Matthew Hale, in his History of the Common

Law, Vol..I. p. 51 (London edition of 1794; by Runnington),

speaking of the court of admiralty, says, -" This court is'not

bottomed or founded upon the authority of the civil law, but

hafh both its powers and jurisdiction-by the law and custom of

the realm in -such matters as are proper for its cognizance."

And in a note (mn) by the editor to the page just cited, it is

said, - The original jurisdiction of the admiralty is either by

the conniance or permission of the common law courts. The

statutes are only sn afirmance of the common law, and to pre-

voL. VI.

34

SUPREME COURT.
New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v.Merchants' Bank.
vent the great power which the admiralty had gotten in consequence of the Laws of Oleron. That, generally speaking, the courts of admiralty have no jurisdiction in matters of contracts done or made on land, and the true reason for their jurisdiction m matters done at sea is, because no jury can come from thence, for if the matter arse in any place from which the .pass can come, the common law will not suffer the subject to be drawn ad aliud examen." And for this doctrine are cited 12 Reports, 129, Roll. Abr. 531, Owen, 122, Brownlow, 37 a, Roll. Rep. 413, 1 Wilson, 101, Hobart, 12, and Fortescue,, De Laudibus, 103, edit. 1775. Again, Lord Hale, Vol. I. pp. 49 -. 51, speaking of the jurisdiction of the admiralty, lays down
-the following limits to its power - " The jurisdiction of the admiralty court, as to the matter of it is confined by the laws of the realm to things done upon the high sea only, 'as depredations and piracies upon the high sea, offences of masters and mariners upon the high sea, maritime contracts made and to be executed upon the igh sea, matters of prize and reprisal upon the high sea. But touching contracts or things made -within the bodies of the English counties, or upon the land beyond the sea, though the execution thereof be in some measure upon the high sea, as charter-parties or contracts made even upon the high sea, -touching things that are not in their own nature maritime, as a bond or contract for the payment of money, -so also of damages in navigable rivers, within the bodies of'counties, things done upon the shore at low-water, wreck of the sea, &c., -these things belong not to the admiral's jurisdiction. And thus the common law and the statutes of 13 Richard II., cap. 15, and of 15 Richard H., cap. 3, confine and limit their jurisdiction to matters maritime, and -such only as are done upon the high sea."
In this cursory view of' Lord Hale of the admiralty jurisdiction, there is one feature which cannot escape the most superficial observation, and that is, the extraordinary care of this learned judge to avoid every implication from uncertainty or obscurity of 'terms, which might be wrested as a pretext for the assumption of power not clear, well founded, and legitimate. In the extract above given, it will be seen that the sea, as the theatre of the admiralty power, is mentioned in eight different instances, in every one of which it is accompamed with the adjunct high. Altum mare is given as the only legitimate province of the admiral's authority, and then, as if to exclude the possibility of improper implication, are placed in immediate and striking contrast the transactions and the situations as to which, by the common law and the statutes of England, the interference of the admiralty was utterly inhibited. "But,"

JANUARY TERM; 1848.

399

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

he proceeds to say, "touching contracts or things made within the bodies of the English counties or upon the land beyond the sea, though the execution thereof be in some measure upon -the high sea, as charter-parties or contracts made even upon the high sea, -. touching things that are not in their own nature maritime, as a bond or contract for the payment of-money, - so also of damages in navigable rivers, within the bodies
of, English counties, -things done upon the shore at low-water, wreck of the sea, &c., - these things belong not to the admi-
ral's jurisdiction." Sir William Blackstone, treating of the cognizance of private
wrongs, Book 3, chap. 7, p. 106, speaks of injuries cognizable by the maritime or admiralty courts. "These courts," says this wnter, "have jurisdiction and power to try and determine all maritime causes, or such injuries as, although they are in their nature of common law cognizance, yet, being committed on the high seas, out of the reach of our ordinary courts of justice, are therefore to be remedied in a peculiar court of their .own. All admiralty causes must, therefore, be- causes arising wholly upon the sea." He then cites the statutes 13 and 15
Rich. H., Co. IAtt. 260, Hob. 79, and 5 Reports, 106, for the positions thus asserted. I shall, in-the prdgress of this opinion,. have occasion further to remark -upon this language, "courts maritime or admiralty courts," here used by this learned commentator, when I come to speak of an interpretation placed upon the second section of the third 'article of the Constitution, as implying an enlargement of the powers conferred, from
a connection of the terms admtralty and maritime in the section just mentioned. What I would principally advert to here is, the description of the causes denominated maritime, and as falling solely and peculiarly within the admiralty jurisdic-
tion, and to the reason why they are thus denominated marstime, and as such assigned to the admiralty .They are, says .this learned. commentator, "maritime, or such injuries as, al-
though they are in their nature of common law cognizance, yet, being committed on the high seas, out of the reach of our
ordinary courts of justice, are therefore to be'remedied'in a peculiar court of 'iheir own. All admiralty dauses must, therefore, be causes arising wholly upon the sea, and not within the precincts of any county" Here, then, is the explicit declaration, that it is the theatre, the place of their origin and performance, exclusively, not -their relation to maritime subjects, which determines their forum, for they are causes, says he, which in
their nature may be of common law cognizance. In this'connection it seems not out, of place to advert to the discrimination made by the same author between the pretensions to power

400

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

advanced by certain tribunals which subsisted and grew up
rather by toleration than as forming any fundamental and regular portions of the British constitution. Thus, in Book 3, chap. 7, pp. '6, 87, speaking of the ecclesiastical, military, and maritime courts, and the courts of common law, he says, C Aiid with regard to the three first, I must beg leave, not so much to consider what hath at any time been claimed or pretended to belong to their jurisdiction by the officers and judges of those respective courts, but what the common law allows and permits to be so. For these "eccentncal tribunals (which are Drincipally guided by the rules of the imperial and canon law,), as they subsist and are admitted in England, not by any right of their own, but upon bare sufferance and toleration from
the municipal laws, must have recourse to the laws of that country wheren they are thus adopted to be informed how far their jurisdiction extends, or what causes are permitted and what forbidden to be discussed or drawn in questioa before them. It matters not what the Pandects of Justinian or the Decretals of Gregory have ordained, they are of no more intrinsic authority than the laws of Solon or Lycurgus, curious, perhaps, for their antiquity, respectable for their equity, and frequently of admirable use in illustrating a point of history Nor is it at all material in what light other nations may consider this matter of jurisdiction. Every nation must and will abide by its own municipal laws, which various accidents con-
spire to render different in almost every country in Europe. We permit some kinds of suits to be of ecclesiastical, cogm-
zance which other nations have referred entirely to the temporal courts, as concerning wills and successions to intestates' chattels, and perhaps we may, in our turn, prohibit them from interfering in some controversies which, on the Continent, may
be looked upon as merely spiritual. In short, the common law of England is the one uniform rule to determine the jurisdiction of our courts, and if any tribunals whatsoever attempt to exceed the limits so prescribed* to them, the king's courts of common law may and do prohibit them, and in some cases punish their judges." So far, then, as the opinions of Hale and Blackstone are entitled to respect,- so far as the writings and decisions of the venerable expounders of the. British constitution to which they refer may be regarded as authority, the origin and powers of the admiralty in England, the subjects permitted to its peculiar cognizance, the control exerted to restrict it to -that peculiar cognizance by the common law tribunals, would seem Dot to be matters of uncertainty Sir William Blackstone, too, is a writer-of modern date, and, as such, his opinions may clain exemption from the influence of conflict

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

401

New Jersey Steam Navigaflon Company v. Merchants' Bank.

of bigotry or prejudice, which the aalvocates of the admiralty seem disposed to attribute to the opinions or the times of Spelman, of Fortescue, and Coke.
Passing from the testimony of the writers already mentioned, let us call in a witness as to the admiralty powers and jurisdiction, as existing in England for a century past, at least, whom no one will suspect of disaffection to that jurisdiction. I alhlde to Mr. Arthur Browne, Professor of'Civil Law in the University of Dublin, in whose learned book scarcely any assertion of power ever made by the admiralty courts, however reprobated and denied by the common law tribunals, is not commended, if not justified, and scarcely one retrenchment or
denial of power to the former is not as zealously disapproved. Let us hear what this witness is compelled, though multo cum gemitu, to admit, with respect to the jurisdiction of -the instance court in cases civil and maritime, - cases identical m their character with that now under consideration. After dilating upon the resolutions of 1632, and upon what by hin are
designated as the irresistible arguments of Sir Leoline Jenkins in favor of the powers of his own court, Professor Browne is driven to the following concessions. Of the common law courts he.says (Vol. II. p. 74),- " Adhering on their part. to the strict letter of the rule, that the business of the admiralty was only with contracts made upon the sea, they here took locality as the only boundary, though in the instances before men-
tioned, of contracts ffaade on sea, they refused this limit, and having insisted, as indeed Judge Blackstone has even of late
done, that contracts upon land, though to be executed on the
sea, and contracts at sea, if to be executed .on land, were notcognizable by the admiralty, they left to it the idle power of trying contracts.made upon the sea to be also executed upon the sea, of which one instance might not happen in ten years."
Again (p. 85), speaking of what he .characterizes as "the torrent of prohibitions which poured forth from the common law courts," he tells us, that 1'little was left for the authority of the admiral to operate upon, in the subject of contracts, amidst those curbs so eagerly- and rapidly thrown upon him in the last .century, save express hypothecations of ship or goods made at sea or in foreign ports, and suits for seamen's wages." At the close of this chapter on the jurisdiction of the instance courts,
Mr. Browne presents his readers with the general conclusion to which his investigations on this head had conducted him, in the following words - " The result of our inquiries" vi the present chapter, as to the exten:t of the jurisdiction of the instance court of admiralty which is at present seemingly allowed by the common law courts, is, that it is confined m matters of
34*

402

SUPREME COVURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

contract to suits for seamen's wages (on all hands admitted to
be an exception to the rule restricting the admiralty to the sea), or. to those on hypothecations. In matters of tort, to actions for assault, collision, and, spoil, and in quasi contracts; to actions
by part-owners for security, and actions of salvage, but if a party,"' says he, "institute a suit in that court on a charter-party, for freight,-in a cause of average and contribution, or to decide the property of a ship, and be not prohibited, I do not see how the court could refuse to retain it." In this concluding passage from Mr. Browne's chapter on the jurisdiction of the instance courts, there are two circumstances which inpres themselves upon our attention, as seemingly, indeed palpably, irreconcila-
ble with the law or with each other. The first is the concession (a concession said to be made upon a general survey of the
subject) as to the limit imposed by -the common law tribunals upon the admiralty, the second, the opinion, in the very face
of this concession, that the admiralty, if it should not be actually prohibited, if it could only escape the vigilance of the common law courts, might proceed, might make an incursion within this established, this prohibited, nay, conceded boundary Opinions like these evince an adherence to the admiralty apparently extreme, and almost contumacious, and. it may be owing to this devotion, that decisions have been pressed into its support, which, to my appehension, do'not, come directly up to the point they are called to fortify, or, if they did, are too
few an number and too feeble to remove the firmly planted landmarks of the law Thus the case of Menetone v. Gibbons, 3 T I. 267, is cited as authorty that the admiralty has cognizance over contracts; though executed on land and under seal., This case, it is true, is somewhat anomalous in its features, but yet it is thought that no fair exposition of it can viarr~nt the conclusions attempted to be deduced from it. Notwithstanding some expressions which may have fallen from some of the' judges arguendo,-it is certainly true, that every justice who decided that case put his opinon essentially upon these foundations -that the. case was one of a hypothecation of the ship, in the course of a foreign voyage, by the master, who had a right to hypothecate, that the contract provided for or gave no remedy except zn rem, whereas the common law courts proceed against the parties only; that if the court should decide against the admiralty jurisdiction (and this, too, after a sentence of condemnation and sale of the ship), being unable to give any redress under the contract by proceeding in rem, the party making the advances would be irreparably injured. This case should be expoi ded, too, in connection with that of Ladbroke v. Crickefi, decided by the same judges twelve

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

403

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

months previously (2 T R. 649), in which a natural- distmction is taken between the extent of the right to prohibit the jurisdiction -of the admiralty before sentence, and the right to impeach its proceedings after they are consummated and carried into execution without interference. In the latter case, Buller, whose remarks have been quoted from Menetone v. Gibbons, says (p. 654) -" 1 There is a great difference between applications to this court for prohibitions to the admiralty pending the suit and after sentence in the first case, this court will examine the whole case, and see the grounds of the proceed-
ings in the admiralty but the rule is quite the reverse after sentence is passed in such a case, they will not look out of the proceedings, for the party who applies for a prohibition after sentence must show a nullity of jurisdiction on the face of the proceedings, therefore the plaintiff in this case could not
go into evidence at the trial to impeach the decree of the court of admiralty. The case states, in general terms, that that court did pronounce a decree for the sale of the ship in question, and that a warrant issued out of that court for seizing and selling the ship. So that we must take it that they had jurisdiction,
for nothing appears on the face of the decree to show that they had not." Showing conclusively, that this case determined nothing as to the original legitimate powers either of the com-
mon law or admiralty tribunals, but positively refusing to institute a comparison between tnem. The next case adduced by Mr. Browne,.and the last which I shall notice, is that of Smart v. Wolff, 3 T. R. 323. The first remark whichlis pertinent to this case is, that it was a case of prize, one of a class universally admitted to belong peculiarly and exclusively to a court
of admiralty, and the question propounded in it, and the only question, was as to the proceeding practised by the court for carrying into effect this its undoubted jurisdiction. There the goods had been, by an interlocutory order, delivered to the captors, upon a stipulation to respond for freight, if allowed on the final decree, and the amount of freight ultimately allowed
being greater than that covered by the stipulation, the court, by a proceeding substantially zn rem, ordered the ..captors to bring in so much of the cargo as would be equal to the excess of the allowance beyond the amount of the stipulation. A rule for a prohibition obtained from the Ring's Bench was, upon full argument, discharged, and the. grounds of the court's decision are fully disclosed in the opimon of all the judges, in accordance with the reasoning of Mr. Justice Buller, who is here particularly quoted because he has been referred to as favorable to the doctrines of Mr. Browne, and who thus expresses hnmself - Every case that I know on. the subject is a

404,

SUPREME COURT.

New Jerse-y-Steam -Navigation Company .Merchants' Bank.

clear authority to show that questions of prize and their consequences are solely and exclusively of the admiralty junsdiction. After the cases of. Lindo v. Rodney, Le Caux v. Eden, and Livingston v. McKenzie, it would only be a wastb of time to enter into reasons to show that this court has no jurisdiction
over those subjects. Still less reason is there for saying, that the admiralty shall be prevented from proceeding after it-has made an iiiterlocutory decree., because that would be to say, that the admiralty has jurisdiction at the beginning of the suit, and not at the end of it." The case of Smart v. Wolff, then, is 'assuredly no direct authority, if authority at all, to sustain
the theory or the partialities of Professor Browne. Indeed, the utmost that can be drawn from this case m favor of those theories is an expression. 6f belief, by Justice Buller, that my Lord
Coke entertained not only a jealousy of, but an ennty against, the admiralty, a belief which, whether well or ill founded, must be equally unimportant, - equally impotent to impugn an inveterate, a confirmed, nay, an admitted course and body
of: jurisprudence. Upon a review of all the authorities to which I have had access, the conclusion of my mmd is certain and satisfactory, that, with some temporary deviations or ir-
regularities, such as the resolutions of 1632, the jurisdiction of the instance court of the admiralfty,both. by the common law and by the statutes of 13 and 15 Richard II., down to the penod at which, during the reign of the present queen, that jurisdiction was enlarged, was, in matters of contract (with the known exception of seamen's wages), limited to maritime con-
tracts made and to be executed upon the high sea, and to cases of hypothecation of the ship upon her voyage, and in matters -of civil tort, to cases also occurring upon the sea, without the body of the county But this restriction upon the jurisdiction of the instance courts of England, so uniformly maihiamed by the common law courts of that country, - acknowledged; how.ever condemned, by Mr. Browne, and admitted re'argument m this case, -it is contended, does not apply to the powers and jurisdiction of the like courts ir'the *Umted States, and did not apply at the period when- the Federal Constitution was adopted, but that a jurisdiction more varied and enlarged, as practiged
in the British colonies in North.America, and under the general confederation at the adoption of the Constitution, was in the contemplation of the framers of this Constitution, and must therefore be referred to as-the measure.-of the powers conferred in the language of the second section of the third article, "-all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction." In testing the accuracy of these positions, it would be asking too much of this.court to receive as binding authority the decisions of

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

405

Now Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

tribunals inferior to itself, farther than they rest upon indispu-
table and clear historical truths in our colomal history, truths, too, which shall sustam a regular and recognized system of ju-
risdiction. It will not be sufficient to allege- some obscure, eccentric, or occasional exertions of power, if they could-be ad-
duced, and upon these to attempt to build up an hypothesis or
a system, - nay, more, to affirm them to be conclusive proofs
of a system established, general, well kffown to and understood
by the framers of the Constitution, and therefore entering necessarily into their acceptation of the terms "admiralty and maritime.jurisdiction.11 The danger of yielding to such scanty an4 inadequate~testimony must .be obvious to every-mind.
The still greater danger of theorizing upon words not of pre-
cise or definite import, freed from, the restraints of settled acceptation, has been rexemplified in our own tine and country, in an able, learned, and ingenious effort to confer on the admiralty here powers not merely coextensive with "the most ambitious pretensions of the English admiralty at any period of its existence, but powers that may be derived from the laws and institutions of almost every community of ancient or modern Europe, and covering, not only seas and navigable waters, but men and their transactions having no necessary connection with waters.of any description, viz. shipwrights, material men, and insurers (rde 2 Gall. 397), and this upon the assumption, that the term haritimeimplied more than the word admralty, when unassociated with it, and that this was so understood by the framers of the Constitution, who designed it as an enlarge-
ment of the admiralty power. Yet if we turn to the'language of Mr. Justice Blackstone, Vol. III.p. 106, he tells us that the courts maritime are the admiralty courts, using the terms maritime and admralty as convertible., and that the mjuns triable in the admi-alty (or maritime causes) are such as are of common law cognizance, yet, being comnnittad on the high seas, are
therefore to be tried bya peculiar court. Agam, p. 68, he says, -" The maritime courts, or such as have power and jurisdiction to determine all .maritime injuries -ising upon the seas, or in .parts out of the reach of the common law, are only the
court of admiralty and its court of appeal." So, likewise, Sir Matthew Hale, p. 50, in charactenzing maritime contracts to be those made and to be executed upon the sea, .certamly excludes duy implication beyond these, and this must be taken as the English interpretation of the term mnrwtime, by which
it is understood as identical with admrraity. And here it seems proper to remark, that I cannot subscribe
to the opmi6n, either from the bench or the-bar, that the decisions of inferior courts, which it is not merely the right, but

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v.Merchants' Bank.

the duty, of this tribunal to revise, should, by their intrinsic au-

thonty as decisions, be recognized as binding on the judgment

of this court. They are entitled to that respect to which their

accuracy, when examined, may give them just claims, but it

is surely a perversion of our judicaP system to press them as

binding merely because they have been pronounced. If these

decisions can be appealed to upon the mere force of their lan-

guage, I would quote here the words of Judge Washington,

in the case of the Umted States v. Gill, 4 Dall. 398, where he

declares, that "the words of the Constitution must be taken to

refer to the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of England,

from whose code and practice we derive our systems of juris-

prudence, and obtain the best glossary." Nor am I disposed to

consider the doctrine of the civil law which has been men-

tioned, to escape from the silence of our own code or that of

England upon the subject.

I do not contest the position, that the established, well-

defined, regular, and known civil jurisdiction of the admiralty

-courts of England, or of the vice-admiralty courts of the

American colonies, was in the contemplation of the men who

achieved our independence, and was adopted -by those who

framd the Constitution. I willingly concede this position.

That which I do resist is what seems to me an effort to assert,

through the colonial vice-admiralty courts, powers which did

not regularly inhere in iheir constitution, powers which, down

to the date of the quarrel with the mother country, were

never bestowed on them by statutory authority, powers which

to their supenor - from whom they emanated, and to whom

they were inferior and subordinate, the High Court of Admi-

ralty- had long been conclusively denied, as has been already

abundantly shown. With respect to the establishment and

powers of these courts, we are informed by Browne, 2 Civ

and Adm. Law, 490, that "all powers of the vice-adminalty

courts within his Majesty's dominions are derived from the

high admiral, or the commissioners of*the admiralty of Eng-

land, as inherent and incident to that office. Accordingly, by

virtue of their -commission, the lords of the admiralty are

authorized to erect vice-admiralty courts in North America,

the West Indies, and the settlements of the East India Com-

pany", "and in case any person be aggrieved by sentence or

interlocutory decree -having the force of a .sentence, he may

appeal to the High Court of Admiralty'" Blackstone, also, says

(Vol. III. p. 68), -"Appeals

from the vice-admiralty courts in

America, and our other plantations and settlements, may be

brought before the courts of admiralty m England, as being a

branch of the admiral's jurisdiction." Stokes, m his View of

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

407

New Jersey,,Steam NavLgation Cbmpany v. Merchants' Bank.

the Constitution of the British Colonies n North America, speaking of the vice-admiralty courts, says (chap. 13, p. 271), "In the first place, as to the juisdiction exercised in the courts -of -vice-Admiralty in the colonies, in deciding all maritime causes, or causes arising on the high seas, I have only to ob-serve, that. it proceeds in the same manner that the High Court of Admiralty in England dbes." Again (p. 275), he says, "From the courts, of vice-admiralty in the colonies, an appeal lies to the High Court of Admiralty in England." Mr. Browne, in his second volume of Civ and Adm. Law, p. 491, accounts
for the jurisdiction of the vice-admiralty courts in America, in revenue causes, by tracing it to the statute of 12 Charles II. commonly called the Navigation Act, and to statutes 7th and Sth of William Ill., c. 22, and designates this as totally foreign to the original jurisdietion of the admraliy, and unknown to it.
With this view of the origin and powers of the vice-admiralty courts of the colomes, showing them to be mere branches,
parts of the admiralty, and emanating from and subordinate to the latter, it would seem difficult to perceaqve on their part powers more comprehensive than those existing in their creator and superior, vested, too, with authoity to supervise and control them. The existence, of such powers certainly cannot rest upon correct logical induction, but would appear to be at war equally with common apprehension and practical ex-
ecution. Power can never be delegated which, the authority said, to delegate itself never -possessed, nor can such power be indirectly exercised under a pretext of controlling or supervismg those to whom it could not be legitimately delegated.
The colonial vice-admnralty courts, as regular parts of the English admiralty, created by its authority, could by their constitution, therefore, be invested only with the known and restricted jurisdiction of the former. If a more extended junsdiction ever belonged to,. or be claimed for, these colonial tribunals, it must ret on some peculiar and superadded ground, which it is incumbent on the advocates of this jurisdiction clearly to show Has any thing of the kind been adduced in the argument of this cause? Beyond the provisions of the statutes of Charles 11. and William IH., relative to cases of revenue, has there been shown any enlargement by statute of these vice-admiralty powers, any alteration by judicial decision in England of the constitution and powers of -the vice-admiralty courts, as emanating from, and limited by, the jurisdiction of the admiralty in the mother country ? Strongly as authority for the-affirmative of these inquiries has been challenged,
nothing satisfactory to my mind, nothing, indeed, having the appearance of authority, has been adduced, because, I take it

SUPREME COURT.
New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.
for granted, from the distinguished ability of the counsel, such authority was not attainable. The learned and elaborate. investigations of the counsel for the appellants have brought to light a series of proofs upon the jurisdiction of the viceadmiralty courts, all in strict accordance with the positions laid down in Blackstone, Stokes, and Browne, and exemplifyimg beyond these the actual and practical extent and modes to which and in which that jurisdiction was permitted and carried into operation in the Colonies. These developments are valuable as illustrations of our early history, but they are still more so-to the'jurist seeking to ascertain the boundaries of right amidst contested limits of power. A recapitulation of them here would require an inconvement detail. They well deserve, nevertheless, to be pxeserved and remembered, as showing incontestably, with the exception of revenue cases arising under the statutes of Charles and of William, and designated on all hands as "totally foreign to the original jurisdiction of the admiralty, arid unknown to it," that the constitution and functions of the vice-admiralty courts, from the earliest. notices of their existence, in the American colonies, were modelled upon and strictly limited to those of the mother country (of which they were branches or portions), that, so far from there having grown up a more enlarged and general jurisdiction in the colonial vice-admiralty courts, -a jurisdiction known and acquiesced in, - every effort on their part to transcen I the boundary prescribed to their superior in the mother country was watched with jealousy by the common law tribunals,-and by them umiformly suppressed.. Coming down to the periods immediately preceding the Revolutionary conflict, and embraced by -the war, and during the existence of the Confederation, the volumes of testimony poured forth in the forms of essays, speeches, and resolutions prove that the pretensions then advanced by the British government, -through the medium of the admiralty jurisdiction, extending that jurisdiction beyond its legitimate province as an emanation from the admralty at home, so far from .iemg regarded as pertaining to a known and established system, were received as novelties and oppressions,- as abhorrent to the genius of the people, to the British constitution itself, and. worthy to be repelled even by an appeal to arms. It would seem, then, reconcilable neither with reason nor probability, that the men who made these solemn protests, - that a community still warm from the contest induced by them, - should, upon their emancipation from evils considered intolerable, immediately, by a species of political suicide, rivet those same evils indissolubly upon themselves. Much more reasonable does it appear to me, that the statesmen who framed

JANUARY TE-RM, 148.

409

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company r. Merchants' Bank.

our national charter, when conferring the admiralty and mantime jurisdiction, had in their contemplation -that jufisdiction only'which was familiar to themselves and their fathers, was, venerable from time, and m practice acceptable to all, they could not have intended to sanction that whose -very existence
they denied. This view of the question: is further fortified by the opinion of two able American jurists, both of them contemporaneous with the birth of our government. I allude.-to the opinion of Chancellor Rent, expressed at page 377 of the
first volume of his Commentaries, 5th edit., and to that of Mr. Dane, found in volume sixth of his Abridgment, p. 3t3. It is in close conformity to, aid congenial with the seventh amendment of the Constitution, and with the saving in the Judiciary Act of the right to a remedy at common law, wherever the common law should be competent to give it. An able illustration- of the construction here-.contended for- may, also-be seen in the elaborate opinion of the late Justice Baldwin m the case of- Bans v. The Schooner James and Catharine, Baldwin's Reports, 544, wherethe learned judge, int support. of his conclusions, with great strength of reasoning, and upon
authority, expounds the term "suits at common law," in the seventh amendment of the Constitution, and the phrase, "the right to a common law remedy where the common law is competent to give it," containedim the.saving m the ninth section
of the Judiciary Act, showing their just-operation in limiting the admiralty-within proper bounds. I deem it wholly irregular to attempt to -adduce general admiralty powers from the cognizance vested in the courts as to seizures, these are purely
cases of revenue, are treated in. England as anomalous, and as not investing general admiralty jurisdiction, but as unknown
to it, or jurisdiction in cases of contract, as between private persons. This'interpretation disposes at once of all. the conclusions which it-is attempted to draw from the several cases
of seizure decided in this court. The obiter dictum m the case of the General Smith ought not to be regarded as authority at all, much'less as laying the foundation of a system. From the
best lights I have been able to bring to the inquiry before us, reflected either from the jurisprudence of the mother country, from the history of the colonial government, or the. transactions
of the general Confederation, I am satisfied that the civil, admiralty, and maritime jisdiction conferred by the second section of -the third article of the Constitution was the-restricted jurisdiction 'known to be, that of the English admiralty, insisted upon and contended for by the North American colonies, limited
in matters of contract (seamen's wages exc.epted) to thihgs agreed upon and*to be performed upon the sea, and cases-of hy" VOL. V. 35 ...

410

SUPIkME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

pothecation, and in civil torts to injuries occurring on the same theatre, and excluded as to the one and the other from contracts made, or torts committed, within the body of a county
It has been urged m argument, that* the restriction here proposed is altogether unsuited- to and unworthy the expanded
territory and already great and increasing commerce of our country. To this may be replied the fact, that it was thought sufficiently broad for a nation admitted even at this day to be
the most commercial on the globe. In the next place, I am by no means prepared to concede that the interests of commerce, and. certainly other great interests in society, are to be bene-
fited by incursions upon the common law jurisprudence of the country Recurring, as a test, to the mstituti~ns and to the condition of various nations, a very different and even opposite conclusion would be impressed by it. But even if it be admitted that a power in the admiralty such as would permit encroachments upon the venerable precincts of the common law would be ever so beneficial, the reality of such advantage, and the right or power to authorlize it, are essentially different concerns. An argument in favor of power founded upon cal-
culations of advantage, in a government of sti-ctly delegated
powers, is scarcely legitimate when addressed to the legislature, addressed to the judiciary, it seems to be especially out of place. In my view, it is scarcely reconcilable with government in any form, so far as this term may signify regulated power, and ought to have influence nowhere. If a restricted admiralty
jurisdiction, though ever so impotent for good or prolific .of mconvemence, has been imposed by the Constitution, either or both those .evils must te of far less magnitude than would be attempts to remedy them by means subversive of the Constitution itself, by unwarranted legislative assumption, or by vio-
lent judiciaLconstructions. The pressure of any great national necessity' for amendments of that instrument will always insure
their adoption. To meet the obeetion urged in this case to the jurisdiction
deduceil from the character of the contract sued on, it has been insisted that the foundation of this suit may be treated as a marine tort, which, having beep committed on Long Island Sound, and therefore not within the body of any county, is -exempt from objection on~the score of locality If the pleadings and proofs in this cause presented a case of simple or substantial tort, occurriig without the body of a county, no just objection could be made to the jursdiction. It is, therefore,
proper to inquire whetber a case of marine tort, in form or in substance, is presented upon this record. There is a class of vases known tor the common law, in which a plaintiff having

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

411

New Jersey Steam Naviga on Company %.Merchants' Bank,

a right of action arising upon contract may waive his remedy directly upon the contract in form, and allege his gravamen as originating in tort, produced by a violation or neglect of duty. The cases in which this alternative is permitted are, in the first place, those in which, independently of the rights of the plaintiff arising from express stipulations with the defendant, there
are duties or obligations mcumbent on the latter resulting from the peculiar position he occupies with respect to the public, giving the right to redress to all who- may suffer from the vie-. lation or neglect of these public obligations. Such are the instances of attorneys, surgeons, common carriers, and other bailees. The wrong in these instances is rather the infringement of these public and general obligations, than the-violation of the private direct agreementbetween the parties, and agreement, contract, is not the foundation of the demand, nor can
it be properly taken as the measure of redress-to be adjudged, for I presume it is undeniable, that, if the relations of the parties are the stipulations of their contract exclusively or essentially, their remedies must be upon such stipulations strictly. Secondly, they are cases in which a kind of quas? tort is supposed to arise from a violation of the contract immediately between the parties. These cases, although they are torts in form, are essentially cases of contract. The contract, therefore, must be referred to, and substantially shown, to ascertain the rights of the parties, and to measure the character.and extent of the redress to either of them. It can in no material feature be departed from. This I take to be the rationale of the practice, and the view here taken appears to be suttained by authority Thus, in Boorman v. Brown, 3 Adolph. & Ellis, 525, New Series, Tindal, C. J., delivering the opinion of all the court, saysy.-" That there is a large class of cases in which the foundation of the action springs out of the privity of -contract between the parties, but in which,, nevertheless, the remedy for the breach or non-performance is indifferently in assumpsit, or in case upon tort, is not disputed." Again (p. 526), the same .judge says, - 1-The principle ni all these cases
would seem to be, that the contract creates a duty, and the neglect to perform that duty, or the non-performance, is a ground of action upon tort." In the case of Winterbottom v. Wright, 10 Mees. & Wels. 114, Lord Abinger thus states the law "1Where a party becomes responsible to the public by undertaking a public duty, he is liable, though the injury may have
arisen from the negligence of his servant or agent, so, in cases of public nuisances, whether the act was done by the party or a servant, or in any other capacity, you are liable to.an action at the suit of any person who suffers. These; however, are

412

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steram Navigation Company v. Merchantk' Bank.

cases where the real ground of the liability is the public duty,
or the commission of the public nuisance. There is also a class of-cases, in which the law permits a contract to be turned into a tort, but unless there has been some public duty undertaken, or.public nuisance committed, they are all cases in which
an action might have been maintained upon the contract, but there is no instance in which a party who was not a privy to the contract entered into with him can maintain any such action." And Alderson, Baron, in the same case says, -11 The only safe rule is, to confine the right to recover to those who enter into
the contract. If we go one step beyond that, we may go fifty." So, too, in Tollit v. Sherstone, 5 Mees. & Wels. 283; a case in tort, Maule,Baron',says, -" It is clear that an action of contract cannot be maintained by a person who is not a party to the contract, and the same principle extends to an action arising out of the contract." In farther proof that
these actions in form ex delicto, founded on breach of contract, are essentially actions of contract, it is clear that, in such wtions, an infant could not be debarred the privilege of his -nonage, nor-could the operation of the statute of limitations
-upon the true cause of the action be avoided, both these defnces would apply, according to the real foundation of the
action. With respect to -these cases ex deZicto quasiz exv contractu,
as they have been called, it has been ruled, that if the plaintiff states the custom, and also relies on an undertaking general or special, the action is in reality founded on the contract, and will be treated as such, Vide Orange County Bank v. Brown, 3 Wendell, 158.
If the practice of the common law courts above considered be at all 'applicable to suits in the adniralty, how would'-t operate upon the case before us 7 Ic this casei as presented on
the face of the libel, or upon the proofs adduced in its support, either formally or substantially a case founded solely on public duty, or upon contract between the parties 7 It -would seem
to be difficult, in any form of words, to state a contract more express than is set out in the libel in this cause. It is true that in the first article there is a statement that the respondents were common carriers of merchandise between the city of New York and the- town of Stonington in Connecticut, but it is nowhere alleged that the property of the complainarts was d6livered to the respondents as common carriers, or
was received by them in that character, or under any custom or obligation binding them as carriers. So far from this, it is averred in the second article of the libel, that the complainants contracted on a particular day, and at a particular place, and

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

413

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchgnts- Bank.

that at that very place, and on that very day, the respontents contracted with the libellants, for a certain reward and hire to be paid, to transport the said merchandise, &c., - mutual- and. express stipulations set forth. Is this the statement of a geiieral custom, a responsibility accruing from implied public duties, or is this not rather the exclusion of every thing of 'the kind? Again, article third of the libel'avers, that on the day and at the. place mentioned in the second article, viz. on the 13th day of July, 1840, at the city of New York, the'libellants delivered to the respondents their merchandise, and it -was received by the latter, to be transported according to the agreement between them. If, then, the power of proceeding im tort for a breach of the *contract, known to the common law courts, -can be extended to th. admnalty, it would still, as in the ?ormer tribunals according to the authorities, present every question for decision as -a question of contract-, .between patties (and- because they were so) to. the contract, by the stipulations according to which alone the rights .and wrongs of all must -be adjusted. This election- of the proceeding in tort arising ex contractu,if permitted to the admiralty, would leave the-subject of jurisdiction just where it would' stand independently
of such election. In the exercise of such election, you are necessarily driven to the contract to ascertain, the existence, the nature, and extent of the assumed tort, in other words, the infraction or fulfilment of the contract,.and the investigation develops inevitably an agreement- of which, with respect to partires, to locality, or su~bject-matter or to all these, the admiualty
can have no cogmzance. But after all, I would mquire for -the.authority under which
the admiralty has' been allowed to assume, under an artificial. rule of common law pleading, jurisdiction of matters not falling naturally, directly, and appropriately within its cogmzance. Indeed, its admirers and advocates, from Sir Leoline Jenkins to Professor Browne, have zealously defended it against every imputation of attempts at assumption, insisting that thesubjects claimed for its cognizance, and its modes of claiming them, were such only as naturally and appropriately belonged to it. They have as zealously complained of abstractions by the common law courts, by means of uncandid and unreasonable fictions, of matters naturally and familiarly belonging to the admiralty *If a single precedent exists showing that, by the artificial rules of pleading practised in the common law courts, partaking in some degree of fiction, the admiralty has
ever obtained jurisdiction over matters which otherwise would not have fallen within its cognizance,.that precedent is un-
known to me, and it is equally certain that I am unwilling, to 35*

414

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation 'Company v. Merchants' Bank.

create one. And it is remarkable, that, in direct opposition to this effort to give jurisdiction to the admiralty by borrowing a license from the common law courts, we have the explicit declaration of Professor Browne himself, amidst all ins partiality,
that in matters of tort the jurisdiction of the admiralty is limited to "actions for assault, collision, and spoil," - instances of
pure tort, excluding every idea of fiction, and equally excluding one single attribute of contract. 'FideVol. II, chap. 4, p. 122.
I am extremely diffident as to the wisdom and safety of en-
larging a jurisdiction, (and especially by the force of implication,) winch from the earliest traces of its existence (whatever has been said in this case about the power of reform in this rgspect) has always been exercised by rules and principles less congenial with our institutions thm are the principles and proceedings of the common law, winch, by the mere force ofimplication in the terms "admiralty and maritime," overrides
the seventh amendment of the Constitution, and the important saving'in the ninth section. of the Judiciary Act, which
by a like implication frees itself altogether from all restriction imposed, b6th-by the second section of the third article of the-
Constitution, and by the eleventh section of the Judiciary Act, with respect to controversies between citizens of the same
State. A jurisdiction substituting, too, for the invaluable safeguard to truth secured by confronting the witness with court and jury; E'm inery by winch the aspect and the force of testimony are graduated rather by the address and skill of the agent! employed to fabricate it, than by its own intrinsic worth, and transferring- the trial of. facts resting upon credi-
bility to a tribunal often remote and mconvement,'and constrained to decide on-atatements that may be merely colorable, often entirely untrue.
Again, to decide this -case upon the ground of liability of the owners for a tort committed by the master, would present
this strange incongruity Although, by the common law, owners of vessels were responsible for losses occasioned by the misconduct of masters as their. agents, to the full amount of such losses, yet as long since as the statute of 7 George II., passed in 1734, nearly forty years before our independence, tis responsibility was expressly limited-in extent to the value of the vessel and the freight. The laws of Oleron and Wisby,
we are told by tord Tenterden (mde Treatise on Shipping, p. 395), contain no pfovision on this subject, though this writer
Informs us, upon the authority of Vinnius, that such a provis'ion was contained in the laws of Holland, and that by. the laws of Rotterdam, as early as 1721, the owners wpre exempted from liability for the acts of the mast.ir done without their

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

41'

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

order farther than their part of the-ship amounted. to. By-th French Ordonnance of the Marine, Book 2, tit. 8, art. 2, .the rule is thus given -" Les propnetaires des navires seront responsable des faits du maitre, naisils en demeureront dechargis en abandonnant leur batiment et le fret." So, too, BoulayPaty, in his work entitled Cours de Droit Commercial Maritime, VoL 1.pp. 270 et seq., after interpreting the wordfait of act.of thwomaster as inclusive of delicta quas delieta, acts of negligence or Imprudence, as well as his contracts or-engagements, upon a comparison of the opinions of vanus authors, -Valin;
Emerigon, Pothier, &c.,- comes to the following.conclusions : "Maintenant, disons-donc que le capitame, soit par emprunt,
soit par vente de marchandises, soit par dclit ou ,quasi-dAlit,
n'a que le pouvoir d'engager le navire et le fret, sans qu'itlm solt possible de compromettre la fortune, de terre de ses armateurs. Ceux-ci se degagent de toutes les obligations contractes
par.le maitre, en cours de voyage, par Pabandon dujiavire et du fret." This same writer, pages 275 and 27-6, hlys, down
the following doctrines, which he quotes from-Grotius, from Emerigon, from Pothier, and- from the Consulat de Ia Mer- -
" L'obligation oi les prop6taires sont de garantir les faits de leur capitaine, est plus re'elle quq personnelle. Pendant le cours du voyage, le capitame -pourra prendre demers- sur le corps, mettre des apparaux en gage, ou vendre des mardhandises de son chargement. Voile-tout. Son pouvoii legal ne
s' tend pas au-delb des limites du navire dont il est maitre, c'est-&-dire admiinstrateur, il ne pout engager la fortune de
terre de ses armateurs qu'autant que ceux-ci y ont consenti d'une.mani~re sp6ciale. De sorte que si le navire p rit, ou qu'ils abdiquent leur mt~r~t, ils no sont garans de nen. En effet, le Consulat de la Mer, cap. 33, apr~s avoir dit que Pint~ret que les armateurs ont sur le. corps, est engage au paiement des dettes contractees par le- capitaine, en courg de voyage, ajoute
que la personne m les autres- biens des coproprietaires -ne sont obliges, k-moms qu'ils ne lul eussent donn6i .e suj~t, un pou-
voir suffisant. "Au ch. .236-il est dit que si le navire p6ritj c'est assezquo
cette porte soit pour le compte des quirataires.!) From this view of the law as existing in England and on
the European continent, it is manifest, that, in the -former country, the responsibility of the owners, prior to the statute
of 7 Geo. H., was a common law liability, and was acknowledged and allowed to the full extent.that the demand: could be proyen, embracing both-the persons. and all the-property of the owners, that since the statute of Geo. II., this liability is lim-
ited to -thevalue of the ship and freight, but stifl to be en-

416

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

forced in the courts of common law or equity, that, by the 'mariime law of the Continent, the liability of the owners was always limited to the ship and freight, and that, from this re-
stricted liability, the owners were entirely released by an abandonment -of ship and freight, or by a total- loss of the former at sea, whether the-claim was made on account of the contract,
or tort, or delictum of the master. But, in this case, the court have sanctioned a liability, resting upon commont law prnclples, irrespective of any limit -imposed either by statute or by
the rules of the maritime law, and this by means, too, of artificial or fictitious constructions, -practised upon only in the courts of common law, relative to the forms of actions prosecuted in those courts, and, for the accomplishment of this object, have permitted the adbption of modes and proceedings peculiarly and solely appertammg to. the maritime law, - a system- of jurisprudence essentially dissimilar, a system which -recognizes no such claim as the present, but under whose anthority-the owners would be wholly absolved by the total loss of.the vessel, and under which they would be permitted to stipulate for their -own exemption from liability on account of the barratry or dishonesty of their agents. Vide Abbott on Shipping, p. 294. The incongruity here pointed out might have been avoided, Dy confining the parties to their- proper -forum.
My conclusions, then, upon the question of jurisdiction, are
these -that the case presented by the'libel is palpably a proceeding in personam upon an express contract, entered" into between the parties in the city of New York, that it is therefore a case properly cognzable at a common law court, for any
breach of that contract which may have beemcommitted, and consequently is not a case over which the admiralty court can, under the Constitution and laws of the U3nited States, have jurisdiction, either personam or m rem.
Having felt myself bound to treat at some extenit what
seemed to me the decisive, and what may, too, be called the public or constitutional question involved in this cause, - the question of jurisdiction, - as to -what may be the merits of tis controversy, the obligations sustained by the -parties to each other, and the extent to which these have been fulfilled or violated, I shall content myself with simply giving the con-
clusions to which my mmd has been conducted, without pretending to reason them out fully upon the facts or the'law of the case, because those conclusions would not -be the grounds of a formal dissent, though isaffirmed by a- majority of. my
brethren. Whilst I amimpressed with the strong necessity that exists

JANUARY TERM,1848.

417

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

for guarding against fraud-or neglect in those who,'by holding themselves forth as fitted to take charge of the lives, the health, or the, property of the community, thereby invite the public trust and reliance, I am not prepared to say that there can be no limit or qualification to the responsibility of those who embark m these or similar undertakings, -limits which may be implied from the inherent nature of those undertakings themselves, or which may result from express stipulation.. It seems to me undemable, that a carrier may select the particular line or description of business in which he engages, and that, so long as he with good faith adheres to that description, he cannot be responsible-for any thing beyond or inconsistent with it. The rule which makes him an insurer against every thing but the act of God or the public enemy makes him an insurer as to performances only which are consistent with his undertaking as carrier. A common carrier of travellers is bound to the
preservation of the accustomed baggage of the traveller, because of the known custom that travellers carry with them articles for their comfort and accommodation, and the price for which the transportation is undertaken is graduated on that presumption, but the carrier would not therefore be responsible for other articles, of extraordinary value, secretly transport-
ed upon his vehicle, because by this secrecy he is defrauded of a compensation commensurate with the value of the subject transported, and with the increased hazards to which it is attempted to commit him without his knowledge or assent. But to render him liable, he must have received the article for transportation, and it must be a subject falling fairly within the scope of his engagement. Within this range he is an insurer, with ;ffhe exceptions above statdd. But a carrier may, in a given case, be exempted from liability for loss, without fraud, by express agreement with the person for whom he undertakes, for I cannot well imagine a principle creating a disability in a particular class of persons to enter into acontract fraught with no criminal or immoral element, - a disability, indeed, extending injuriously to others, who might.find it materially beneficial to make a contract with them. A carriermay also be exempted from liability by the conduct of the owner of property, in keeping the exclusive possession and control of it, and thereby with-
holding it from the care and management of the carrer. -Upon applying the principles here succinctly stated to -the evidence in this cause, it is not made out in proof, to my mind,-that the
respondents-ever received, as carriers, from the libellants, or indeed in any other capacity, property of any species or description, or ever knew that property of the libellahts was, directly or indirectly, within the possession of the respondents, or on

418

SUPREME COURT.

New. Jersey'Stiam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

board their vessel. It is not n proof that Hamden, in his contract with the respondents, acted as the agent of the libellants or for their benefit, or that, at the time of the agreement or of the shipment made by Hamden, the libellants and respond-
ents were known to -each other by-transactions as-sipper and carrier. It is established by proof, that Hamden contracted, in his own name and behalf alone, with the respondents-for a separate compartment on board their vessel, to be, with its contents (the latter .unknown to the respondents), at all- tnes under his exclusive control, that the property alleged to have been lost was, if in this separate compartment, placed there without certain knowledge of its character or value on the
part of the respondents, was under the exclusive direction of Harmden, who accompaied it, and who, up to the time of the conflagration, of the vessel,, held the property under lock and key, and could alone, without violence and a breach of the engagement, have had access to it. Were this controversy directly between Hamden and the respondents, from the peculiar nature of the contract between these parties, and from the possession of the subject reserved to and exercised by the former, any liability of the respondents, even then, nght be a matter of doubt, but there should, I think, be no difficulty in concluding that no kind of liability could attach to the respondents in favor of persons for whom they had undertaken no duty, and who, in reference to the transaction in question, were
strangers, entirely unknown to them. Upon the ments of this case, as well as upon the question of jurisdiction, I think the decree of-the Circuit Court ought to 'be reversed, and the libel dismissed.

Mr. Justice WOODBURY
On most of the facts involved in this libel, little controversy exists. It is certain that the respondents took the property of the plaintiffs on board, their steamboat, the Lexington, to carry it, on her last calamitous voyage, the 13th of January, 1840, -from New York to Stonington. It is equally certain that it was lost, on that voyage, in Long Island Sound, at a place where the tide ebbed and flowed strongly, and several miles from shore, and probably withoit the limits of any State or county It is certain, likewise, that the property was lost m consequence of a fire, w'hich broke out in the boat in the night, and consumed it, with most of the other property on board. The value of it is also sufficiently certain, and that it was put oni board, not by an officer of the bank, but by Harmden, a forwarding agent for the community, generally, and under a special contract between Hamden and 'the respondents, that the

.JANUARY TERM, 1848.

419

New Jersey Steam Navigatron Company v. Merihants' Bank.

latter were not to run any risk, nor be responsible for any losses of property thus shipped by him.
But some other facts are not so certain. One of that character is, whether the fire occurred by accident, without any neglect whatever by the respondents and their agents, or in consequence of some gross neglect by one or both. It-would not be very material to decide this last fact, controverted as it is and in some degree doubtful, if I felt satisfied that the plaintiffs could-recover anywhere, and more especially in admiralty, on the contract made by Harmden with the respondents, for the breach of the contract to carry and deliver this property.
The first objection to such a recovery on the contract anywhere is, that it was made with Hamden, and not with the bank. Butler v. Basing, 2 Car. & Payne, 613, 15 Mass. 370, 2 Story, 32. Next, that he was acting for himself, in this contract, on his own duties, liabilities, and undertakings, and not
for them, and that the bank, so far as regards any contract, looked to himu and his engagement with. them, and not to the respondents or their engagement with him. 6 Bingh. 131. Next, that the articles, while on board the boat, were to be 'in
the care and control of Hamden, and not of the master or owners, and hence no liability exists on the contract even to him, much less the bank.. Story on Bailments, p. 547, § 582. And this same conclusion is also urged, because Hamden, by
his contract, made an express stipulation, that the property carried should be at his risk, as well as in his care. See 5 East, 428, 1 Ventris, 190, 288. It is contendea further, that, if the bank can sue on Hamden's contract made with the respondents, it must be on the principle of his acting in it as their agent, and not for himself alone, and if so, and they, by suing on it, adopt its provisions, they must be.bound by the stipulation in it made by him, not to hold the respondents liable for any risk or loss.
It is, however, doubted, whether, with such a stipulation, the respondents are'not, by public policy, to be still liable on a contract like this, in order to insure greater vigilance over all things intrusted to their -care (Gould v. Hill, 2 Hill, 623), and on the ground, that the parties could not mean by the contract
that the earners were to.be exonerated for actual.misbehaviour, but only for accidents otherwise chargeable on them as quass insurers. Atwood v. Reliance Insurance Company, 9. Watts,
87, 2 Story, 32, 33. It is insisted, next, that, as the unusual nature of the prop-
erty carried, m this case, was not made known to the carfiers, nor a proportionate price raid for its transportation, the owner

420

SUPREME COU~TT.

New Tersev,%Steam Navigation Company r. Merchants' Bank.

cannot xecover beyond the usual value of common merchandise of such a bulk. Citizens' Bank v. Steamboat Nantucket, 2
Story, 32, 25 Wend. 459, Gibbon v. Paynton, 4 Burr. 2301.. But, giving no decisive .opinion on the validity of any of
these objeqtions, as not necessary m the view hereafter taken, yet they are enumerated to show some of the difficulties in sustaining a recovery on-this contract, notwithstanding their
existence. Another'-important objection remains to be considered. It
is, that no jurisdiction exists over this contract in a court of admiralty where these proceedings originated. The contract
was made on land, and of course within the body of the county of New York. It was also not a contract for a freight of goods abroad, or to a foreign country, the breach of which has been here sometimes prosecuted in courts of admiralty Drinkwater ,et al. v. The Spartan, Ware, D. C. 149, by a proceeding -n rem. 155), -De Lovio v. Boit, 2 Gall. 398, The Volunteer, 1 Sumner, 551 ,. Logs of Mahogany,*2 Sumner, 589, 6 Dane's Abr. 2, 1, Charter-parties. See a case contra, in the records of Rhode Island, A. D. 1742.
But the law of England is understood to be, even in foreign charter-parties, against sustaining such suits, ex contractu, in admiralty 3 D. & E. 323; 2 Lord Raym. 904, 1 Hag. Ad. 226; and cases cited in 12 Wheaton, 622,-623.
By agreement of the judges in A. D. 1632, admiralty was not to try such cases, if the charter-party was contested. Dunlap's Adm. 14, 4 Instit. 135, Hobart, 268.
It seems, however, to be doubted by Browne (2 Browne's Civ and Adm. Law, 122, 535), whether the libellant may not proceed in admiralty,. if he goes to recover freight only, and not a penalty It is also believed, that, in this country, contracts to carry freight between different States, or within the same State, if it be on tide-water, or at least on the high seas, have sometimes been made the subject-matter of libels in admiralty Dunlap's Adm. 487, 1 Sumner, 551, 3 Am. Jur. 26, 6 Am. Jur. 4, King et al. v. Shepherd, 3 Story, 349, in point, Gilp. D. C. 524, Conkling, Pra. 150, De Lovio v. Bolt, 2 Gall. 448. I am inclined to the opinion, too, that, at the time the Constitution of the United States was adopted, and the words "cases of admiralty and maritime" were introduced into it, and jurisdiction over them was subsequently given in civil proceedings, in the act of 1789, to the District Courts, the law in England had in some degree become changed in its general principles in respect to jurisdidtion in admiralty over contracts. Their courts had become inclined to hold, that the place
of performance of a contract, if maritime in its subject, rather

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

421

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

than the place of its execution, was the true test as to its con-

struction and the right under it. This conformed, also, to the

analogy as to contracts at common law See cases in Towne

v. Smith, 1 Woodbury & Minot, 135.

It is not unusual for the place to which.the parties look for

fulfilling their duties to be not only different from the place of

making the contract, but for the parties to regard other laws

and other courts, applying to the place of performance, as con-

trolling and as having jurisdiction over it.- Bank of the United

States v. Donnally, 8 Peters, 361, Wilcox v. Hunt, 13 Peters,

318, Bell et al. v. Bren, 1 Howard, 169.

Hence, for a century before 1789, Lord Kenyon says, ad-

miralty courts -had sustained jurisdiction on bottomry bonds,

though executed upon the land, because, "if the admiralty has

jurisdiction over the'subject-matter, to say that it is necessary

for the parties to go upon the sea to execute the instrument

borders on absurdity" See Menetone v. Gibbons, 3 D. & E.

267-269, 2 Lord Raym. 982, 2 H. B1..164, 4 Cranch, 328,

Paine's C. 0. 671. On this principle, the admiralty has gradu-

ally been assuming junsdiction over claims for pilotage on the

sea, both the place of performance and the subject-matter being

there usually maritime. 10 Wheat. 428, 7 Peters, 324, 10

Peters, 108, 11 Peters, 175, 1 Mason, C. C. 508. Because,

on the general principle just referred to,-as to the object of

the contract, if "it concerned the. navigation of the -sea," and

hence was in its nature and character a maritime contract,

it was deemed within admiralty jurisdiction, though made on

land. Zane v. The Brig President, .4Wash. C. C. 454, 4

Mason, C. C. 380, The Jerusalem, 2 Gall. 191, 465, 448,

The Sloop Mary, Paine, C. C. 671, Gilp. D. C. 184, 477,

429, 2 Sumner, 1.

This is the principle, at the bottom, for recovering seamen's

wages in admiralty Howe v. Nappier, 4 Burr. 1944.

Not that the consideration merely was maritime, but that the

contract must be to do something maritime as to place or sub-

ject. Plummer v. Webb, 4 Mason, C. C. 380, Berni v. The

Janus et al., 1 Baldw C. 0: 549, 552 "A New Brig," Gilp. D. C. 30b. But we have already seen there are several direct

precedents in England against sustaining these proceedings in

admiralty on the contract, such as a charter-party or bill of

lading, and strong doubts from some high authorities against

it in this country Chancellor Kent seems to think a proceed-

mg in admiralty, on a chafter-party like this, cannot be sus-

tained, except by what he cqlls "the unsettled doctrine laid

down in De Lovio v. Bolt." 3 Kent, Comm. 162. See like-

VOL. VI.

36

422

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

wise Justice Johnson's opinion to the like effect in Ramsey v. Allegre, 12 Wheat. 622.
Looking, then, to the law as held in England in 1789, and not considering it to be entirely clear in favor of sustaining a suit in admiralty on a charter-party like this, and that it is very
doubtful whether any more settled or enlarged rule on this subject then prevailed in admiralty here, or has since been deliberately and generally adopted here, in respect to charter-parties or bills of lading, I do not feel satisfied in overruling the objection to our jurisdiction which has been made on this ground.
The further arguments and researches since Waring v. Clarke (5 How ) tend also, in my view, to repel still more strongly any
idea that admiralty jurisdiction had become extended 'here, at the Revolution, in cases either of contracts or torts, more broadly than in England.
But it is not necessary now to'go into the new illustrations of this cited in the elaborate remarks of the counsel for the respondents, or discovered by myself; m addition to those quoted in the opinion of the minority in Waring et al. v. Clarke, and in The United States v. The New Bedford Bridge, I Woodbury & Minot. Among mine is the declaration by
Lord Mansfield himself, December 20th, 1775, that the colomes wished "that the admiralty courts should never be made to extend there," instead of wishing their powers enlarged (6 American Archives, 234,. Annual Register for 1776, pp. 99, 100), and there is likewise the protest of the friends of America, the same year, in the House of Lords, that the increase of admiralty power by some special acts of Parliament was a measure favored at home rather than here, and was not acceptable here, but denounced by them as an inroad on the highly prized trial by jury 6 American Archives, 226. Among those cited is the conclusive evidence, that in some of the colonies here before the Revolution, the restraining .statutes
of Richard II., as to the admiralty, were eo noino and expressly adopted, instead of not being in force here. See in South Carolina, 2 Statutes at Large, 4.46, in 1712, and in Massachusetts, Dana's Defence of New England Charters, 49- 54,
in Virginia, ",the English Statutes" passed before James I., 9 Henmg's Statutes, 131, 203, Commonwealth v. Gaines,
2 Virg. Cases, 179, 185, in Maryland, 1 Maryland Statutes, Kilty's Report, 223, and in Rhode Island, her records of a case in 1763, at Providence.
But I pass by all these, and much more, because, notwithstanding the course of practice here the last half-century in some districts, and the inattention and indifference exhibited in many others as to the true line of discrimmation between the juris-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

423

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

diction belonging to the common law courts and that in admralty, enough appears to induce me, as at -present advised, not to rest jurisdiction in admiralty over a transaction -like ti on contract alone. I shall not do it, the more especially when a ground less doubtful in my apprehension exists and can be relied on for recovering all the loss, if the damage was caused by a tort.
I have turned my attention to ascertain whether the facts in this case exhibit any wrong committed by the respondents, of such a character as a tort, and in such a locality as may render our jurisdiction in admiralty clear over it, looking to the pnnciples of admiralty law in England, and also in this country,, so far as can now be discovered to have existed at the time of
our Revolution. First, as to this, it is argued, that, in point of fact, gross neg-
ligence existed in the transportation of this- property If -so, this conduct by the respondents or their agents may be sufficient to justify a proceeding ex delicto for the nonfeasance or misfOasance constituting that neglect, and causing the-loss of this property, entirely independent of the contract or its form, or the risks under it, or the want of notice of the great value of the property. Particularly might this be sufficient, if the injury was caused in a place, aid under circumstances, to give a court of admiialty undoubted jurisdiction over it as a marine tort.
The question of fact,, then, as to neglect here, and the extent of it, may properly be investigated next, as in one view of the subject it may become highly important and decisive of the right to recover, and as it is our duty to settle facts in -an admiralty proceedingi when they are material to thej merits.
As before intimated, it is here'virtually conceded, that the property of the plaintiffs, while in charge of the respondents as common carriers on the sea, was entirely lost, by the burnmg of the boat in,which it was transported.
The first inference from these naked facts would be, that the fire was produced by some cause for which the owners were responsible, being generally negligence, and that pmma facze they were chargeable. 6 Martin, 681; Story on Railments, §§- 533, 538.
Indeed, the common carrier who receives propbrty to transport, and does not deliver it, is always held !pr tm facte liable. Abbott on Ship., ch. 3, § 3, 1 Ventris, 190, 6 Johns. 169, 8 Johns. '213, 19 Wendell, 245, Story on Bailments, § 533,
3 Kent, Comm. 207, 216, 3 Story, 349, 356, 5 Bingh. 217, 220, 4 Bingh. 218.
If they would have this inference or presumption changed, so, as to exonerate themselves, it mu8t be done by themselves,

SUPREME COURT.
New Jersey.Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.
and not the plaintiffs, and by proof removing strong doubts, or, in other words, turning the scales of evidence in their favor in this attempt. This idea- is fortified by the express provision establishing a presumption, by the act of .Congress, in case of damages by explosions of steam. 5 Stat. at Large, p. 305, § 13.
Independent of this presumption, when we proceed to examine the evidence on both sides as to the contested pomts of fact connected with the loss, it is found to, be decidedly against the conduct of the respondents and their agents, and, so far from weakening the presumption against them from the actual loss, it tends with much strength to confirm it. There had, to be sure, been recent repairs, and certificates not long before obtam:ied of the good condition of the boat. But on the proof, she does not seem to have been in a proper state to guard against accidents by fire' when this loss occurred. Her machinery was designed: at first to burn wood, and had not long before been changed to consume anthracite coal, which created a higher heat. And yet there was a neglect fully to secure the wooden portions of the boat, near and exposed to this higher heat, from the natural and dangerous consequences of it. So was there an omission to use fire-brick and new sheet-iron for guards, nigh the furnace. On one or two' occasions, shortly before this accident, the pipe had become reddened by the intense heat so as to attract particular attention, and shortly before, the boat actually caught fire, it is probabl,., from some of those causes, and yet no new precautions had been adopted.
In the next place, the act of Congress (5 Stat. at Large, pp. 304, 305) requires the owners of steamboats "to provide, as a part of the necessary furniture, a suction-hose and fireengine and hose suitable to be worked in said boat, in case of fire, and carry the same upon each and every voyage in good order." (See. 9.) And it imposes also a penalty of $ 500 for not complying with any condition imposed by the act.. (Sec. 2.)
The spirit of this requisition is as much violated by not havmg the hose and engine so situated as to be used promptly and efficiently, as by not having them at all, or not having them
"in -good order." The hose and engine were not kept together, and hence
could not be used on that fatal night. One was stowed away in one part of the boat, and the other elsewhere, so as not to be in a situation to be brought promptly into beneficial use.
Again, it was an imperative provision in the act of Congregs before referred to (sec. 9), -and the neglect of it was punished by a fine of $ 300, on the owner as well as master, Ithat iron rods or chains shall be employed and used in the navigating of.all steamboats, instead of wheel.or tiller ropes."

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

425.

,New Jersey Steam -Navigation Company v.*Merchants' Bank.

Yet this was not complied with, and renders their conduct in fis respect, not only negligent, but illegal.
Though, in fact, this accident may not have proved more fatal than otherwise from this neglect, the non-compliance with the provisipn was culpable, and throws the burden of proof on the owners to show it did not contribute to the loss.
Waring et- al. v. Clarke, 5 Howard, 463. It is true, that Congress, some years after, March 30, 1845, dispensed with a part of this provision (5 Stat. at Large, 626), under certain other guards. Yet in this case even 'those other guards were wholly omitted.
Nor does there appear to have been any drilling of the crew previously, how to use the engine in an emergency, or any dis6ipline adopted, to operate as a watch to prevent fires from occurring, or,, after breaking out, to extinguish- them quickly. Indeed, the captain, on this occasion, checked the efforts of some to throw the ignited cotton overboard, so as, to stop the flames from spreading,, by peremptorily forbidding 'it to
be done. The respondents, to be sure, prove that. several buckets were
on board. But the buckets, except in a single instance, were not rigged with heaving-lines, so as to be able to draw up water, and help to check promptly any fire which might break out. And an consequence of their fewness or bad location, some of the very boxes containing, the specie of the plaintiffs were broken open and emptied, in order to hold water. Lastly,
when discovered, the officers and crew~do not-appear generally to have made either prompt or active exertions to extinguish the fire, or to turn the vessel nearer shore, where this property, and the passengers, would be much more likely to be preserved, eventually; than by remaining out mnthe deep parts of the Sound.
The extent and nature of the liability thus caused are well settled at law The property of the plaintiffs was destroyed by fire, through great neglect by the defendants and their agents. Common carriers are liable for losses -byfire, though guilty of no neglect, unless it happen by lightning. 1 D. & E. 27, 4 D. & E. 581; 3 Kent, Comm. 217, 5 D. & E. 389, Gilmore v. Carman, 1 Smedes & Marsh. 279, King et al. v. Shepherd, 3 Story, Rep. 360, 2 Browne, Civ and Adm. Law, 144, 2 Wend. 327, 21 Wend. 190. These respondents were common carriers, n the strictest and most proper sense of the law' King et al.
v. Shepherd, 3 Story, Rep. 349. See other cases, post. They would, therefore, be liable in the present case without
such neglect, if this view of it applied to a recovery on the ground of a tort as well as of a contract. But as it may not,
36*

42W

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Compony v. Merchants' Bank.

the next inquiry is if the facts disclose a breach of duty, a culpable neglect, either by the officers or owners of the vessel, amounting to a tort, and for which the defendants are responsible.
It is well settled, that a captain is bound to exercise a careful supervision over fires and lights in his vessel, ordinarily Malynes, 155, The Patapsco Ins. Co. v. Coulter, 3 Peters, 237, 228, 229, Busk v. The Royal Ex. Ass. Co., 2 Barn. & Aid. 82.
He is required in all things to employ due diligence and skill (9 Wend. 1, Rice's R. 162), to act "with most exact diligence" (1 Esp. Ca. 127), or with the utmost care (Story on Bailin. ' 327). But how much more so in a steamboat, with fires so increased in number and strength, and especially when freighted with very combustible matenals, like this, chiefly
with cotton I His failure to exert himself properly to extingush any fire
amounts to barratry. 3 Peters, 228, 234, Waters v. Merch. Lomsville Ins. Co., 11 Peters, 213, 10 Peters, 507 And if the property be insred against barratry, the owners may then
recover. To be sure, in one case the owners of a steamboat were ex-
onerated from paying-for a loss by fire. But it was only under the special provision of the local laws, rendering them exempt, if the fire occured "by accidental or uncontrollable events." See. Civil Code of Lousiana, 63d article, Hunt v. Mormis,
6 Martin, 681. So the written contract for freight, as well as that for msur-
ance, sometimes does not cover fire, but specially exempts a loss
by it; 3 Kent, Comm. 201-207 In such case there may be no liability for it on the insur-
ance, and doubtfully on the charter or bill of lading, unless it was caused by gross neglect, crassa negligentia. But in -case of such neglect, liability exists even there. 3 Kent, Comm. 217, 3 Peters, 238, 1 Taunton, 227 In this view the owners seem liable for all damages -which they or their servants could have prevented by care. 8 Serg. & Rawle, 533. As an illustration of what -are meant by, such damages, they are those which happen, if on land, from unskilful drivers, "from vicious and unmanageable horses, or when occasioned by overloading the coaches, as these. would nnily npgligence or want of care." Beckman v. Shouse, 5 Rawle, 183.
From the above circumstance, the conclusion is almost lrresistible, that what constitutes a gross neglect by the respondents and -their agents, as to the condition of the. boat and its
equpments, existed here, and by the deficiencies 'and inperfec-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

427

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

tion of them contributed much to the loss of this property, and beside this, that want of diligence and skill on board, after the fire broke out, as well as want-of watchfulness and care to prevent its happening or making much progress, was manifest.
If any collateral circumstance can warrant the exaction of greater vigilance than usual, on occasions like these, or render
neglects more culpable, it was, that the lives of so many par sengers were here exposed by them, and became their victims. This Iist consideration is imperative, in cases Qf vessels devoted both to -freight and passengers, to hold the owners and their servants responsible for the exercise of every kind of diligence, watchfulness, and skill which the principles of law may warrant. Beside the great amount of.property on board on this occasion, they had in charge from one to two hundred passengers, including helpless children and females, confiding for safety entirely to their care. and fidelity All of these, except two or three, were launched into eternity, during that frightful night, by deaths the most painful and heart-rending. Had proper attention been devoted to the guards *aamst fire, such as prudence and duty demanded, or due vigilance and energy been exercised to extinguish it early, not only would large amounts of property probably have been saved, but the tragic sufferings
and loss of so many human beings averted. In view of all this, to relax the legal obligations and duties
of those who are amply paid for them, or to encourage careless
breaches of trusts the mogt sacred, or to favor technical niceties likely to exonerate the authors of such a calamity, would be
of most evil example over our whole seaboard, and hundreds of navigable rivers and vast lakes, where the safety of such immense property and life depends chiefly on the due attention of the owners and agents of steamboats, and is, unfortunately,
so often sacrificed by the want of it. To relax, also, when Congress has made such neglect, when followed by death, a crime, and puishable at least as manslaughter, would be unfaithfulness to the whole spirit of their legislation, and to the
loudest demands of public.policy Their enactment on this subject is in these words (see stat-
ute before cited, see. 12) -" 1 That every captain," &c., " by whose misconduct, negligence, or inattention to his or their respective duties, the life or lives of any person on board said vessel may be destroyed, shall be deemed guilty of manslaugh-
ter," &c.
Showing, then, as the facts seem to do here, wrongs and gross neglect by both the owners and officers of the boat, the next step in our inquiries is, whether any principles or precedents exist against their being prosecuted in admiralty as a

428

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

'tort, and by a proceeding which sounds ex delicto, and entirely
independent of any contract. The recovery, in cases like this, on the tort, counting on tlhe
duty of the carrer and its breach by the negligent loss of the property, is common, both in this country and abroad, in the -courts of- common law
*Whether it -be redressed there m trespass or case, when su-
ing ex delicto, is immaterial, if, when case is brought, the facts, -as here, show neglect or consequential damage, rather than those -wvhich are direct and with force. And if case lies at common law on such a state of facts, there seems to be no reason why a libel in admiratymay not lie for the wrong, whenever, as here, it was committed on the sea, and clearly within admiralty jurisdiction over torts. For the admiralty is governed by like principles and facts, as to what constitutes a tort, as prevail in an action at law for damages, -and its- ingredients, are the same, whvther happening on land or water. But case will lie at law, on facts like those here, for -reasons obvious and important in the present inquiry. Indeed, on such facts the ancient action was generally in case, and counted on -the duty of the
arrier to transport safely the property received, and- charged hiin with tortious negligence in not doing it. 1 Price, 27, 2 Kent, Comm. 599, 3 Wend. 158. Ih such proceedings at common law, the .difference was in some respects, when ex delicto, more favorable to the owners, as then .some neglect, or violence, or fraud, or guilt of some kind, must be shown, amounting to a breach of public duty by -the carner or his servants. Hinter v. Dibdin et- al., 2 Adol. & Ell., N. S. 646, 2 New R. 454, 2 Chit. R. 4. While in the action of assumpsit, more modern, but by no means exclusive, the pronise or contract alone need be shown, and a breach of that, though with-
out any direct proof of neglect, as carriers are, by their duties, m law, insurers against all losses except by the king's enemies and the act of God. 3 Brod.& Bingh. 62; 63, 19 Wend. 239; Forward v. Pittard, 1 D. & E. 27, 1 Esp. Ca. 36, 2. Chit. R. 1, Ashmole v. Wainwright, 2 Adol. & Ell., N. S. 663.
So, it is well settled that these rules of law, and all others as to common carrers by land, apply to those by water, and to those boats carrying freight, as this one did. 10 Johns. 1, 1 Wils. 281, 3 Esp. Ca. 127, 2.Wend. 327, 3 Story, 349.
What, then, in principle, operates against a recovery? Somle would seem to argue, that a.proceeding ex delicto-must be trespass, and that case -s not -one. But when it proceeds, as here, for consequential damages, and those caused by gross neglet, and not a mere breach of contract, it :ounds es delicto as much-as trespass itself. 1 Chin. P1. 142, 3 East, 593,,2 Saund. 47, b.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

r 429

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

The misconduct complained of here amounted to a tol, as much as if it had been committed with force. A tort means
only a wrong, independent of or as contradistmguished from amere breach of a contract. The evidence here, in my apprehension, shows both misfeasance and nonfeasance, and a consequential loss from them, which it is customary to consider as tortious. It was here, to be sure, not a trespass = et. armss, and perhaps not a conversion of the property so as to justify trover, though all the grounds for the last exist in substance, as the plaintiffs have lost their property by means of the conduct of the defendants, into whose possession it came, and who have not restored 'it on demand, nor shown any good justifica-
tion.for not doing it. It is altogether a mistake, as some seem to argue, that force
and a direct injury are necessary to sustain proceedings in tort, either at law or in admiralty, for damages by qommon carers. So little does the law regard, in some cases, the distmction
between nonfeasance and misfeasance, in creating, a tort and giving any peculiar form of action for it, that in some.instances a nonfeasance is considered as becoming misfeasance, such as a master. of a vessel leaving.his register behind, or his compass, or anchor. 3 Peters, 235. And "torts of this nature," as 1h
the present case, may be committed either by "nonfeasance, misfeasance, or malfeasance," and often without force. 4 D. & E. 484 , 1 Chit. P1. 151, Bouvier's Dict., Tort. And even where mala fides is necessary to sustain the proceeding, gross
negligence is evidence of it. 4 Adol. & Ell. 876, 1 Howard, 71, .1 Spence's Eq. Jur. 425, Jones on Bailments, 8, Story on -Bailments, %419, 20. The action in such case is described as "upon tort," and arises ezc delicto. 2 Kent, Comm. 599. In
most instances of gross negligence, misfeasance is involved (2 Cromp. & *M. 360), as a delivery to a wrong person, or carrying to a wrong place, or carrying in a wrong mode, or leaving, a carnage unwatched or unguarded. 2 Cromp. & M. 360'; 8 Taunt. 144. Where case was brought for damage by overloading and sinking a boat, it was called an action "for "a tort," and sustained, though 1he injury was wholly consequen-
tial. 1 Wils. 281. Again, it has been argued, that if direct force be not a
necessary mgredient to recover in this form of action, it must in some degree rest on the contract which existed here with Iarnden, and be restrained by its limitations. But the books are full of actions on the case where -contracts existed, 'which were brought and which count entirely independent of any contract, they being founded on some public duty neglect-
ed, to the injury of another, or on some private wrong or

SUPREME COURT.
New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Mferchants' Bank.
misfeasance, without reference to any promise or agreement broken. 12 East, 89, 4 Howard, 146, Chit. P1. 156, Forward v. Pittard, 1 D. & E. 27, 2 N. Hamp. 291, 2 Kent, Comm. 599., 3 East, 62, 6 Barn. & Cres. 268, 5 Burr. 2825, 6 Moore, 141, 9 Price, 408, 5 Barn. & Cres. 605- 609.. Some of the cases cited of this character are precisely like this, being for losses by non-delivery of property by common carriers, and sued -for as torts thus committed. 5 D. & E. 389. They go without and beyond the contract entirely
Nor is intent to do damage a necessary ingredient to sustain either case or trespass. 2 New R. 448. Though the wrong done is not comntted by force or design, it is still treated as ex delicto and a tort, if it was done either by a clear neglect of duty, by an omission to provide safe and well-furnished carriages or vessels, by carelessness in guarding against fires and other accidents, by omitting preparat'ons and precautions enjoined expressly by law, or by damage, consequent on the negligent upsetting of carriages, or unsafe and unskilful navigation of vessels. See cases of ifegligent defects in carriages and vessels themselves, 2 Kent, Comm. 597, 607, 6 Jurist, 4, The Rebecca, Ware, D. C, 188, 10 East, 555, 1 Johns. Cas- 134, a East, 428. Or in machinery, Camden and Amboy Railroad v. Burke, 13 Wend. 611, 627, 5 East, 428, 9 Bingh. 457 Even if the defect be latent, 3 Kent, Comm. 205. See those of care, less attention, The Rebecca, Ware, D. C. 188. See those of non-conformity to legal requisitions, as hose and engifie here not in good order, Waring et al. v. Clarke, 5 Howard. See those consequent on negligent driving, 4 Barn. & Cres. 223, Bretherton v. Wood, 3 Brod. & Bingh. 54. If damage or loss happen by neglect or wrong of a servant of a common carrer, the principal is still liable. 13 Wend. 621, Story on Partner-
ship, § 489, Dean et al. v. John Angus, Bee's Adm. 369, 239, Story on Bailments, § 464, 2 Browne, Civ and Adm. Law, 136.
This is necessary to prevent fraud, if such neglect be not evidence of fraud or misfeasance. The owner should be liable for
employing those negligent. Story on Agency, § 318 and note.
There is another important consideration connected with this view of the subject, and relieving it entirely from several objections which exist to a proceeding founded wholly on a contract rather than a 'tort. It is this. Where the injury is caused by a tort or fraud, no question arises as to any special agreement or notice, as with Harnden here, not to assume any risk. In short, the agreement, of that kind here, does not exonerate, if "malfeasance, misfeasance, or gross negligence ' happens by owners or their servants. 13 Wend. 611, 19 Wend. 234, 251, 261,. 5 Rawle. 179, 189, 2 Crompt. & 1W.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

431

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

353, 2 Kent, Comm. § 40; Brooke v. Pickwick, 4. Bingh. 218, 3 Brod. &.Bingh. 183. Because the wrong is then a distinct cause of action from the breach of the contract, and the ex-. ception in it as to the risk was intended to reach any'loss not happening through tortious wrong. "Even with notice, stageproprietors and carriers of goods would be liable for an injury
or.loss .arismg from the insufficiency of coaches, harness, or tackling, from the drunkenness, ignorance, or carelessness of drivers, from vicious and unmanageable horses, or when occa'sioned by overloading the-coaches, as these would imply neg-
ligence or want of care." 3 Rawle, 184. It.is further settled, m this class of cases, that the principle of not being liatle for jewels, moneyi and other articles of'great value, unless notice was given of it and larger freight paid in consequence of it, does not apply 4 Bingh. 218, 5 Bingh. 223, 2 Crompt. & M. 353. Because here the liability is not. that of an insurer against many accidents and many injuries by third persons of the property earned, and which it may be right to limit to such values as were known and acted upon in agreeing to carry. But it is for the wrong of the carrier himself, or his agents, their own misfeasance or nonfeasance, and hence gross neglect, renders them-responsible for the whole consequential damages, however valuable the property thus injured or lost. 2 Barn. & Ald. 356, 8 Taunt. 174, 4 Binn. 31, 2 Adol. & EII. 659, 5 Barn. & Aid. 341, 350, 16 East, 244, 245.
Some think the neglect in such case, so as to be liable for
valuables, must amount to misfeasance. 2 Adol. & Eli. 659, 2 Myl. & Craig, 358. It must be "misfeasance or gross negligence." 2 Kent, Comm. 607, note, 13 Price, 329, 12 B. Moore, 447, 5 Bingh. 223 - 225, 8 Mees. & Wels. 443. By a -recent statute in England, under William IV., though the carrier has been exonerated from the liability and care of valuables, without notice, yet he cannot be if gross neglect hap-
pens. 2 Adol. & Ell. 646.
All this being established at law, what is there to prevent this wrong from being deeme4 a tort, in connection with maritime matters, -or, in other vords, "a marine tort," - and subject to be prosecuted in admiralty I am not aware that a marine tort differs from any other tort in its nature-or incidents, except that it must be committed, as this was, on the high seas. See cases cited in Waring et al. v. Clarke, 5 Howard. There it was held sufficient to constitute a marine tort, -and one actionable in admiralty, if the wrong was committed only on tide-Wrater.
We have already suggested, also, as to the gist of the wrong, that gross neglect, the elements and' definition of it, are the same on the water as on land, and consequential or direct dam-

4

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

ages by a wrong are regarded in the same light on both. The
actions of case, as well as trespass, at common law, in illustration of this, are numerous, as to torts on the water. (See ante.)
Force, too, is no more necessary to constitute this kind of tort at sea than on.land, or in admiralty than in a common law court. 3 Story, 349,. That is the gist of this branch of the case. It is true, that most of the libdls in admiralty for torts
are for such as were caused by force, like assaults and batteries (4 Rob. Adm. 75), or for collision between ships, on the,sea, to the injury of person or 'property (2 Browne's (iv.. and Adni Law, 110, Dunlap's Adm. 31, Moore, 89), or for wrongfUl captures (O Wheat. 486, Bee's Adm. 369, 1 Gall. 315, 3 Cranch, 408), or for carrying off a person zn snvitum (Dunlap's Adm. 53), or for any "violent dispossession of property on the ocean" (1 Wheat. 257, L'Invincible, 1lWheat. 238,
3 Dal. 344). And though, where trespass is brought at common law, or a. tort is sued for in admiralty" as-" a marine trespass," there must usually have been force and an immediate
injury (1 Chit. P1. 128, 11 Mass. 137, 17 Mass. 246, 1 Pick. 66, 8 Wend. 274, 3 East; 293, 11 Wheat. $6,argu., 4 l1616. Adm. 7&), yet it need not be implied or proved in tzespass on the case at law, or in a libel in admiralty for consequential
damages to property. Such a libel: lies"ah well for a tort. to property- as to the person, on the sea (2 Browne's Clv and Adm. Law, 109, 202 ;.Doug. 594, 613, note, 4 Rob. Adm. 734 76, Maxtin v. Ballard et al., Bee's Adm.50,1239), bad for consequential injury by a tort there, as well as direct "ijury Sloop Cardolero, Bee's Adm.51, 60; 3 Mason, 242, 4 Mason 385388, -2 Browne's Adm.108 2 Story, 188, 2 Sir Leoline Jenkins, 777' It was even doubted once, wheth~er, for such torts at sea, any remedy existed elsewhere than in adiniralty. 2
Browne's Civ and Adm. Law, 112. Indeed, 1 Browne's Civ. and Adm. Law, 397, shows, that, beside rights a.smg from contract, there were "obligati bns or rights arising o. the mjured party from the torts or wrongs done by another." And these were divided. nito, those arsing -z delicto and -thosequasi e.delicto, and the former mclud a damage" to -property,as, In this case. -It meant injury to property by'destroyig, spoilrag, or. detenorating -it, and implied "faultmess -or injustice" (401), but not necessarily force. -Either trespass or case some'times lies for a marine tort, even in the collision of vessels,. where at times the only force is that of winds and tides, anti the efforts of the master were to avoid, rather than commit, an:
injury 1"Chit. P1. 145, 2 Story, 189,.11 Price. 608., 3 Car.. & Payne, 554 Damages -by- insuficient equipments, ropes, &e., must; be paid by the owners of the vessel to the merchant,

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

433

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

even by the Laws of Oleron (art. 10). Sea Laws, 136, Laws

of Wisby, art. 49. And nothing is more consequential, or less

with force, than that kind of injury

Finallyi the principles applicable to the definition of the

wrong or tort being here in favor o a recovery in admiralty,

and there being no precedents in opposition, but some in sup-

port of it, the inference is strong, that this destruction of the

property of the plaintiffs may well be regarded and prosecuted

in admiralty as a marine tort.

Though I admit there are no more cases in point abroad, in

1789, for sustaining a suit for a consequential injury by a car-

ner as a tort, than on the contract, in admiralty, yet the prin-

ciples are most strongly in favor of relying on the tort, without

any opposing decision, as there is to a libel on the contract.

Beside this, other difficulties are avoided, and more ample jus-

tice attained, by the libel here for the tort, than by one for the

contract.

A moment to another objection,- that the libel in this

case does not contain allegations in proper form to recover

damages in admiralty, as if for a maritime tort.

This libel is in several separate articles, rather than in a sin-

gle count. In none of them is any contract specifically set out,

though in one of them something is referred to as "contract-

ed." The libel avers, that the respondents were common car-

rers, that a public duty thus devolved on them, that they

received the property on board to transport it, and so negligent-

ly. conducted, it was lost. The breach is described throughout,

not of what had been ",contracted" or promised but as a wrong

done, or 'tort, and specifies several- misdomgs. Ii is in these

woras -

"OYet the respondents, their officers, servants, and agents, so

carelessly and improperly stowed the said gold coin and: silver.

coin, and the engine, firnace, machinery, furniture, rgging,

auid equipments of the said steamboat were so imperfect and

insufficient, and the said respondents, their officers, servants,

and agents, so car6lessly, improperly, and negligently managed

and conducted-the said steamboat Lexmgton, durng her said

voyage, that by reason of such improper stowage, imperfect

and insufficient engine, furnace, machinery, fuirmture, ngging

and equipments, and of such careless, improper, and negligent

conduct, the said steamboat, together with the gold coin and

silver coin to the libellants. belonging, were destroyed by fire

on the high seas, and-wholly lost."

Where contract.and tort, in the forms of declaration at com-

mon- law in actions of the case, are with difficulty discrimi-

nated, the general test adopted is, if specific breaches- are as-

voL. V1.

37

SUPREME COURT.
New'Jersey Steam Navigation Company, v. Merchants' Bank.
signed, sounding ex delicto, it is case on the tort. Jeremy on Carriers, 117 Here this is done.
The same technical minuteness is not necessary m a libel as in a declaration at common law 5 Rob. Adm. 322; Dunlap, Adm. 438, 439, Ware, D. C. 51. Only the essential facts need be alleged, without regard to particular forms, either in contract or tort. Hall's Prac. 207, 138, Dunlap, Adm. A27
And in the same libel between the same parties, unlike the rule at common law, it is held by some that both contract and tort may be joined, though it is Troper to state them m separate articles in the libel, like separate counts. Semble in 3 Story, R. 349, Dunlap, Adm. 89. And in some cases it is clearly better not to umte them. Ware, D. C. 427 Here, if the libel is considered as but separate paragraphs of one article, it is a good one in tort. Dunlap, Adm. 114, 115; 4 Mason, C. C. 541. And if as separate articles, one of them is valid in tort.
The forms of libels for maritime torts include those which caused only consequential damages, as well as those which caused. direct damages. Dunlap, Adm. 49, 3 Story, R. 349, one count seems to be for the wrong.
There are cases of this kind merely for improper usage to passengers, by bad words, and neglect, but no force existed, or was alleged. 3 Mason, C. C. 242.
Others are libels for seducing or carrying away a minor son of the plaintiff to his damage, like the actions on the case at common law Plummer v. Webb, 4 Mason, 0. C. 380. Yet they are called, as they are in law, "tortious abductions."
So a libel lies for loss of goods " carelessly and improperly stowed." Ware, D. C. 189.
But if the libel here was less formal in tort, the liberality practised in admiralty pleadings, regarding the substance chiefly, as in the civil law, would allow here any necessary amendments. Dunlap, Adm. 283, 4 Mason, C. C. 543, 3 Wash. C. C. 484. Or would allow them in the court below, by reversing the judgment, and sending the -case back with . directions to permit them there. 4 Wheat. 64, 63, 4 Howard, 154, 1 Wheat. 264, 13, 9 Peters, 483.
The amount of damages which can be awarded in admiralty, in a case like this, has'been agitated by some of the court, but was not argued at the bar. It is- not without difficulty, but can in a minute or two be set right. By the ancient practice in admiralty., in case of contracts of freight made by the master, it is true that the owners were liable, whether ex contractu or ex delicto, and whether sn personam or sn rem, for only the value of the vessel or the capital used in that busi-

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

425

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

ness. Dunlap, Adm. 31. And" if the vessel was lost, the remedy against the owners was entirely lost in admiralty Ware, D. C. 188. Yet it is a conclusive answer, that here, as well as abroad, the rule of the divil and common law is to give
the whole loss. 2 Kent, Comm. 606, 3 Kent, Comm. 217 And that this rule of full damage in a libel in admiralty has
been adopted here after much consideration. Livingston, Jitstice, in Paine, C. C. 118, says, that C1it had long been regarded as a general principle of maritime law" to make the
owners liable for a tort by the master, and that now the whole
injury was the measure, of damage, -without reference to the value -of the vessel and freight. See also Del Col V.Arnold, 3 Dali. 333, The Appollon, .9Wheat. 376, 3 Story, R. 347,
2 Story, R. 187 T1 is is modified by some- State laws, under certain circum-
stances. See The Rebecca and Phebe, Ware, D.. C. And England, by 53 Geo. III. ch. 99. But even there the owner is still liable beyond the value of
the vessel and freight, if the damage or neglect was " committed or occasioned"1with "1the fault or privity of such owner." See Statutes at Large of that year, Phebe, Ware, D. C. 269. See for this and other statutes, 2 Bro. Civ and Adm. Law, 45, excusing owners if the pilot. aloneis in fault. See 6 Geo.
IV ch. 125, § 55, 1 Wm.Rob. 46, 1 Dod. Adm. 467 So the -whole injury must be paid now on the contract, and the owners cannot escape by abandoning the vessel which did the wrong. 2 Bro. Civ and Adm. Law, 206, note.
On principle, also, this is the right rule in admiralty, clearly, where the owners themselves at home, and not the master abroad, made the contract, or where they were guilty of any neglect in- properly furnishing the vessel, and not he. Phebe, Ware, D. C. 269, 203-206.
The principle of his binding them only to the extent of the property confided to him to act with, or administer on, does not apply to that state of facts (Abbott on Ship. 93), but only to
his doings abroad. The contracts made abroad are usually in his name, as well
as by him, and not by the owners, and he only to sue or be sued. Abbott on Shipp., pt. 2, ch. 2, § 5.
In Warmg et al. v. Clarke, which was a tort by the mas-
ter at home, in a collision of two boats, the whole amount of the injury was awarded. See also 1 Howard, 23, 3 Kent,
Comm. 238. So principle, no less than precedent, requires it now, in admiralty as well as common law, when the master is usually not a part-owner, but a mere agent of the owners, and doing damage, as here,' by unskilfulness or neglect, and not by

436

SUPREME COURT.

New Jersey Steam Navigation Company v. Merchants' Bank.

wilful misconduct. Ware, D. 0. 208) 1 East, 106. For this, surely, those should suffer who selected him respondet superiorz. 1 East, 106, Abbott on Ship., pt. 2, ch. 2, § 9, 2 Kent,
Comm. 218. It is a mistake, likewise, to suppose, as some have, that the
rule of damage is thus higher in admiralty than at common .law, or when counting on the tort rather than contract. The only difference is, that in admiralty,. if counting on the contract, doubts exist whether a recovery can be had on the precedents, while, if counting on the tort, no doubt exists, the place of the tort being clearly on the sea, and within adinralty jurisdiction. Nor do I see any sound reason for not sustaining this case in admiralty, when jurisdiction exists there over the subject, because this proceeding is -n personam and not -in rem. 6 Am. Jur. 4-; 2 Bro. Civ and Adm. Law, 396, 2 Gall. 461, 462, Hard. 173.
The jurisdiction is one thing, the form of proceeding another , and it is only when the vessel itself is pledged, and no personal liability created, so as to lay a foundation for an action at law, that the form of proceeding seems to help to
give jurisdiction m admiralty, where alone the libel sn rem m such case can be followed. 3 D. & E. 269.
But even then, I apprehend, the subject-matter must be
proper for admiralty, or it could not be prosecuted there sn rem, because, if the subject-matter is a carriage or horse, rather than a ship or its voyage, or something maritime, admiralty woulu
get no jurisdiction by the' thing itself being pledged, or to be proceeded' against. The Fair American, 1 Peters, Adm. 87, Duponceau on Jurisdiction, 22, 23.
Indeed, the rule in England to this day seems to be adverse to proceeding in: admiralty at all, even n rem, to recover freight. Abbott on Shipp. 170. King et al. v. Shepherd et al., 3 Story, 319, was a libel, s personam,against a common car-
rier by water, and held that the liability was the same as on land, and an act of God to excuse must be immediate. and that the burden of the excuse rests on the respondents, and they are not discharged by a wreck, but must attend to the property till safe or restored.
So it has been adjudged by this court to be proper to prose-
cute in admiralty for marine torts, -in personam as well as -in rem. Manro v. Almeida, 10 Wheat. 473, The Appollon, 9 Wheat. 362, Bee, Adm. 141, The Cassius, 2 Story, R. 81., 14 Peters, 99. See. also the rules of this court (1845),. for admiralty practice, the 14th, 16th, and 17th (3 Howard, 7, Preface), and which expressly allow in libels for freight proceedings in rem or %npersonam, and in some trespasses to property either mode.

JANUARY TERM, 1848.

437

Hogg et,al. v. Emerson.

I concur, therefore, in the judgment of the court, affirming the decree for full damages, but on the ground of a recovery for the wrong committed as a marine tort, rather than on any breach of contract which can be prosecuted by these plaintiffs, and in admiralty.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United 'States for the District of Rhode Island, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit- Court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs, and damages at the rate of six per centum per annum.

PEmR Hon AMW CORNELIUS H. DELAxIATER, PLAINTIFpS IN -ERROR, v. JOHN B. EMERSON.
When a case is sent to this court under the discretion conferred upon the court below by the seventeenth section of the act of July 4, 1836 (Patent Law), 5 Stat. at Large, 124, the whole case comes up, and not a few points only.
The specification constitutes a part of a patent, and- they must be construed together.
Emerson's patent for " certain improvements in the steam-engine, and in the mode of propelling therewith either vessels on the wafer or carriages on the land," decided not to cover more ground than one patent ought to cover, and to be sufficiently clear and certain.
Apatentee, whose patent-right has been violated, may recover damages for such infringenient for the time which intervened between the destruction of the patentoffice by fire, in 1836, and the restoration of the records under the act of March 3, 18W7.
THis case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of NeW York. It was a suit for the violation of a patent-right, and the writ of error was allo~ed uhder the seventeenth section of the act of 1836.
On the 8th of March, 1834, John B. Emerson, the defendant in error, obtained the following letters-patent, (which were recorded anew on the 5th of March, 1841),"viz. :
The United States of America, to all to whom - these letterspatent shall come:
Whereas John B. Emerson, a citizen of the United States, hath alleged that he has invented a new and useful improvement in the steam-engine, which improvement he states has not been known or used before his application; hath made
37*

