JANUARY TERM, 1849.

595

Hugg et al. v. Augusta Insurance and Banking Co.

JAcoB HUGG AND JOHN M. BANDEL, PLAINTIFFS, V. TE AUGUSTA
INSURA-NCE AND BANKING COMPANY OF THE CITY OF AUGUSTA.
In an insurance upon freight, there is no total loss of a memorandum article as long as the goods have not lost their original character, but remain in specie, and in that condition are capable of beipg shipped to their destined port, no matter what may be the extent of the damage.
If,however, the articles are not capable of being carried,in specie, to the port of destination, arising from danger to the health of the crew or to the safety of the vessel; or the public authorities at the port of distress order the articles to be thrown overboard, from fear of disease, there would be a total loss.
In construing the contract of insurance upon freight, the interest of the insured, or of the underwriters of the cargo, is not considered. Therefore, if the vessel is in a condition to carry on the cargo to the port of destination, or another vessel can be procured for that purpose, it is the duty of the owner of the vessel to carry it on, although it may be for the interest of the insured and insurers of the cargo to sell it at the port of distress.
If so sold, the insured cannot recover for a total loss of freight. But although it is the duty of the owner of the vessel, either to repair his own or to
procure another at the port of distress to carry on the cargo, yet, if it should be made to appear that the repairs or procurement of another vessel would necessarily produce such a retardation of the voyagd as would, in all probability, occasion a destruction of the article, in specie, before it could arrive at the port of destination, or, from its damaged condition, it could not be reshipped in time, consistently with the health of the crew or safety of the vessel, or would not be in a fit condition, from pestilential effluvia or otherwise, to be carried on, it then became the duty of the master to sell the goods for the benefit of whom it might concern. A policy of insurance upon "freight of the bark Msargaret Hugg, at and from Baltimore to Rio Janeiro and back to Havana or Matanzas, or a port in the United States, to the amount of $ 5,000, upon all lawful goods, &c., beginning the adventure upon the said freight from and immediately following the lading thereof aforesaid at Baltimore, and continuing the same until the said goods, wares, and merchandise shall be safely landed at the port aforesaid," upon which a greater premium was paid than was usual for the outward voyage alone, must not be construed as a policy upon the round voyage. The insurers were, therefore, not entitled to a deduction for the outward freight.
THis case came up, on a certificate of division, from the Circuit Court-of the United States for the District of Maryland.
The Reporter finds the following statement prefixed to the opinion of the court, as delivered by MIr. Justice Nelson.
This is an action upon a policy of insurance on the freight of the bark Margaret Hugg, at and from Baltimore to Rio Janeiro, and back to Havana or Matanzas, with liberty to
touch and stay at any intermediate port in case of stress of weather, or for the purpose of transacting business. The amount $ 5,000; premium, $ 158.25.
The policy contained the usual memorandum, enumerating various articles warranted free-from average, and all others that
-were perishable in their own nature. About four hundred tons of jerked 'beef were shipped on
board the vessel at Montevideo, which were to be delivered in good order at the port 9f Matanzas or Havana to the con-

596

SUTPREME COURT.

Hugg et al. v. Augusta Insurance and Banking Co.

signees, they paying freight. The bill of lading was signed the 25th of April, 1842.
The. vessel sailed from Montevideo on the.29th of April, and, after being out some forty-seven days, encountered a storm, and was driven on Gingerbread Ground, where she received considerable damage; the rudder was broken and unshi=p4ed, and as the extent of the damage could not be ascertained, it was deemed prudent, on consultation with the captain of a wrecking vessel and Bahama pilot, to go into Nassau for the purpose of a survey and repairs. The wind was fair for that port, but strong ahead in the direction of Matanzaq. The vessel was taken in charge of one of the wreckers, and arrived at Nassau on the second day, about the,20th of June, and grounded on the bar while entering the harbour, and under the charge of the king's pilot, and sustained a good deal additional damage.
A part of the beef-had been thrown overboard to lighten the vessel while on the Gingerbread'Ground; and a much, larger quantity while on the bar at Nassau. She had leaked while on the ground in the former place, so -that it was neces'sary to work the pumps every half hour; and at the latter, there was seven or eight feet of water in the hold, with some fourteen men.at the pumps.
The beef was so much damaged by the sea-water that the board of health at Nassau refused to allow but about one hundred and fifty tons to be landed. The rest was ordered to be carried outside the bar, and thrown into the sea, for fearof disease.; it was wet and very much heated, some of it so changed as to become .green, and all emitting an offensive stench. - The portion allowed to be landed was wet and heated, and not in a fit condition to be shipped; and the board of health recommended to the authorities, that it' should be. removed as soon as conveniently could be.
The vessel was surveyed after the cargo was discharged, and it was found that the rudder was entirely broken off, the forefoot gone, and the keel greatly shattered and damaged; and it appears to be conceded that she could not have been repaired at that poit so as to have carried on the cargo, and that, if she could, it would have cost more than half her value. She was repaired sufficiently to bring her home in ballast. It also appears that there was no vessel in port that could be procured to forward on the remaining cargo, even if it had been ina condi-
tion to be shipped. T he salvors libelled the vessel and cargo for salvage services
in the 'Vice-Admiralty Court of the Bahamas on the 30th of June, 1842, to which the master put in an answer on the 7th

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

597

Hugg et al. v. Augusta Insurance and Banking Co.

of July, insisting that the libellants were entitled to compensation for pilotage only, and not for salvage.
The court, on the 18th of July, decreed $2J400 salvage to the libellants, for services rendered to the vessel and cargo. Appraisers of the vessel and cargo taken on shore had been previously appointed; and, on an examination of'the cargo, it was found to be so much damaged, and in such a condition, that they advised an immediate sale, as it was deteriorating in
value daily. The master assented to a sale, accordingly, which was or-
dered by the court on his application on the 1st of July. The nett proceeds amounted to $2,664.92. The time occupied in .an ordinary voyage from Nassau to Matanzas is three days, and to Baltimore, ten.
It was proved by several masters of vessels, that the navigation at the place where the Margaret Hugg first grounded, and was visited by the pilots, was very hazardous, and that, under similar circumstafices, they would have considered it their duty to have carried their vessel into the harbour at Nassau.
The regular premium for insurance of freight of the cargo covered by the policy for the outward voyage was about one and one eighth per cent.
Upon this state of facts appearing at- the-trial, the following questiofis were raised, and presented to the court, viz. -
1. It being admitted that the loss is to be adjusted according to the terms of te Baltimore Insurance Company, if the jury find that jerked beef was a perishable article within the meaning of the policy, are the defendants liable as for a total loss of freight, unless the entire cargo was so totally destroyed that no part of it could have beei earied to the port of destination
even in a deteriorated and valueless condition? 2. If the jury find that, from the condition of that portion
of the cargo sold at Nassau (occasioned by the disasters stated in the testimony), it was for the interest of the insured and insurers upon the cargo that it should be so 'sold, and not transported t- Matanzas, is the plaintiff entitled to recoi-ei for a total loss of freight, provided his oWn vessel could have been repaired in a reasonable time, so as to perform the voyage in safety, or he could have procured another vessel, and have transmitted to the port of destination, in its deteriorated state, th3 portion sold at Nassau? And
3. Assuming thai; the plaintiff is entitled to recover, is the
policy on the amount mentioned for one entire voyage round, from Baltimore out and home again? and Are th% defendants entitled to deduct from the amount insured the freight earnes in the voyage from Baltimore to Rio upon the outward'cargo?

598

SUIPREME COURT.

Hugg et al. v. Augusta Insurance and Banking Co.
The cause was argued by Mr. Mayer and M;.Nelson, for the plaintiffs, and Mr. David Stewart and Mr. Johnson, for the defendants. The following is a very brief sketch of the respective arguments.

:Mr. Mayer, for the plaintiffs.
The premium was double what would, have been demanded for half the voyage. Some of the beef was thrown out as spoiled, the rest landed, somewhat injured. Then came a libel for salvage, and a decree for it. No funds existing to pay it or make the necessary repairs with, a sale was ordered. We abandoned, and now claim for a total loss. The policy. is a blank cargo policy, filled up with an insurance on freight. Does the claim arise where the articles are not entirely lost? In England the courts of -Common Pleas and King's Bench'have decided differedtly. 3 Bos. &
Pul. 474; Marshall on Ins. 227, 565; 2 Maule & §elw. 247; that the articles, thouf h not lost, might be deemed extinct.
32 Com. Law Rep. 115; 1 Wheaton, 219, 225,-case of memorandum articles; 2 Phillips on"Insurance, 485,- all the decisions cited; 6 Cowen, 270.
The law was settled in England by the case of Roux v. Salvador, 3 Bing. N: 0. 266; S. 0., 1 Bing. 526; and there is nbthing contradictory in the decisions of this court. The case in 1 Wheaton depended on particular circumstances. If the beef had to be thrown overboard for the sake of health, it could not be considered any longer as beef for all commercial purposes. If the voyage is broken up, there is an end -to freight; and it was broken up here by the perils insured against.
There is no difference between memorandum and other articles, when a total loss ensues. Marshall on Ins. 585; 12 East, 304; 15 East, 565; 6 Mass. 119, 318, where the cases are
cited; 1 Wheat. 219.
The vis major of the claim for salvage broke up the voyage and 'destroyed. the property. The beef was in a fermenting state. The condition of the vessel was hopeless. As to the effect of vis major, 7 Com. Law Rep. 202.
Second question certified.
This involves the discretion'of -the captain. The owner of the vessel is bound by his contract to carry the goods. If the perils of the sea require a transshipment, it is his privilege and duty to make it. But if there be a difficulty in obtaining a vessel, the master is not bound to pay an excessive freight. 7 East, 44; 7 Corn. Lair Rep. 364, same as 3 Brod. & Bing. 97; 36 Com.Law Rep. 156, same as 9 Adolph. & Ellis, 314;
4 Johns..C1 '225; 7 Cowen, 584; 4 Wend. 54; 12 Johns. 107; Abbott on 8 Xipp. 369, 461.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

599

Hugg et al. v. Augusta Insurance and Banking Co.

But if the court should think that it was the duty of the' master to transship, then I say that, if there was ground of abandonment from vis major, the captain became the agent of
the insurers, and. they must be' responsible for his errors. 9 Johns. 28. If half the property is lost, it is not the duty of the master to transship.
The captain is the agent of the adventure, and if the jury justify him as to the vessel or cargo, his acts bind all parties. 5 Peters, 604; 1 Johns.'406. The exigency would have justified a prudent man in acting, as he did, if there had been no insurance. He is to act for the general good, mindful of the owners' and insurers. 3 Moore, 133, quoted in 2 Phillips, 268. Was not this a judicial sale? The judge ordered it, not up6n the petition of the master, but as an order of the court. The opposite party appeared, and did not object to it. 1 Wash. C. 0. 530.
The third question relates to the quantum of recovery.
The outward cargo belonged to the owners of the vessel, and thus, in fact, no freight was earned. But we are charged with a constructive freight. Suppose the owner could earn freight from hinself, this is an open policy, and value must be proved. There is no evidence to show that the value of the ouitward freight was just half of the whole sum insured. It could, not be a round voyage, because the owners sent out an adventure, and only intended to earn freight on the return. In an open policy, we have only to show- that we had that amount of interest when the loss occurred. We paid a premium, double of what we would have been charged for the outward voyage alone. It could not, therefore, have-been intended as a round voyage. 3 Caines, 16; 7 Gill & Johns. 93; 12 Wheat. 383; 3 Wend. 283; 2 Wash. C. C. 89; 1 Rawle, 97; 33 Coin. Law.Rep. 124, or 3 Barn. & Adolph. 198; 4 Peck, 429; 3 Com. Law Rep. 480; 2 Starkie, 573.

Mr. Stewart, for the defendants. It is proper that some omissions of the opposite counsel
should be supplied. In thi first place, the captain knew' that he was insured; the answer to the libel says so. In the next place, he could have proseuted his voyage. The answer to
the libel says, that "1without any assistance from Demeritt and his party, he could have got the bark clear of the Gingerbread Ground, and could, without any other than the ordinary dangers of the sea, have proceeded in the prosecution of their voyage." In the third place, the condition of the cargo was not so bad. The report of the board of health, made on
the 29th of June, 1842, says, -that "the quantity of beef

600

SUPREME COURT.

Hugg et al. '. Augusta Insurance and .Banking Co.

which is housed in the store appears to the board to be in a sound condition, and fit for the purpose for which it was cured ." This was made on the 29th. On the 30th, the captain petitioned for a sale, which took place on the lst.of July. In tie affidayit to support the motion for a sale, the Captain says ",he had intended, previous to the commencement of the. action, that the sale of such beef should take place in the early part 6f the present week." What became of the cargo? Ih-fact, it went to the very port of destination. The captain says, in his deposition, that Adderly "bought the beef with the intention of shipping it to Matanzas." Strobel, the supercargo, says, "The vessel had no means of her own to make the repairs with, but Mr. Starr, the agent of the underwriters, offered to advance money for repairs upon b-6ttomry." The libel for salvage was contested, and limited to pilotage, and yet
a sale took place. As to the first question certified. The object of the policy
is to protect underwriters by excluding small losses. Partial losses, therefore, are -notrecoverable, as long as part of the cargo remains not liable at all. 3 Bos. & Pul. 478, does rnot impugn this doctrine, becaus the articles were thrown overboard from necessity.
In Roux v. Salvador there was a special verdict, in which
the jutry found that the hides would have lost their character from putrefaction. The court relied upon this. Of course there was a total loss. The counsel then referred to the following cases. Park, 191, 185; 2 Maule & Selw. 371; 2 Com. Law Rep. 55, or 7 Taunton, 154; 4 Martin, N. S. 640; 16 East, 214; 1 Gaines, 196; 3 Caines, 108; 4 Johns. 139; 4 Wendell, 33; 7 Cranch, 415; 8 Cranch, 39; 3 Wash. C. C. 356; 1 Wheat. 59; 3 Mason, 49. From the time of 1 Wheaton to 3 Mason, the question was not mooted, and wheri it was, it was only upon the authority of 15 East. 5 Meeson & Welsby explains 15 East -to have bqen an insurance upon each parcel. But here a part of the beef was good, and sold for fifty per cent. of its cost. From this loss our contract exempts us. The assured warrant that they will not charge, except for general average. The vessel
was within.three days' sail of Matanzas, and ifthe jury Eind that beef was a perishable article, we cannot be liable.
The second question assumes that the vessel could have
been repaired, or that another vessel might have been obtained. Could the act of the captain give the plaintiffs a right to recover in this action? The opposite counsel wish to make the cargo a test of the rule respecting freight ; but the cargo is nothing to us., The agency of the captain binds all parties

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

601

Hugg et al. v. Augusta Insurance and Banking Co.

who are within the contract of indemnity, but not those who are beyond it. . There was no necessity for a sale, if another vessel could have been had: 1 Johns. 205; 3 Johns; 321; 9 Johns. 21; 2 Pick. 104; 23 Pick. 405; 10 Com. Law Rep. 366. These cases show that, if the captain could transship, it was his duty to carry on the cargo. Thp expense is nothing to us. It might have cogt half the freight.. 4
Wendell, 54. On ihe third question, Mr. Stewart -cited and' commented
upon 20 Com. Law Rep. 342; 36 Com. Law Rep. 216.

11r. Johnson, on the same side.

As to the first question. Certain articles are inserted in the

memorandum, to guard against frauds upon the underwriters,

because no one could tell whether or not the losses arose from

the perils iiisurea against. For example, it is impossible to

say how far the injury to the beef proceeded from the perils of

the sea, or whether or not it would have been putrid, if there

had been no storms. Therefore we only insured against a to-

tal loss. The question assumes 'that the master could have

carried on the beef in his own or some other vessel,'-in a

valueless condition, it is true.' But does this make us liable ?

We may lay down these two propositions -

·1st. The case cited from Wheaton establishes, that, if a 'es-

sel arrives at her port; the underwriters are not responsible, un-

less in case of general average.

2d. Where the vessel could go- on, the same ifle must be

applied as if she, had actually gone on. Otherwise, it is in

the power of the captain to convert no loss into a total loss.

The underwriters are placed completely in his power. In this

case, if the vessel had pursued her voyage, the underwriters

would not have been responsible. Originally, the doctrine was

more extensive updn our side than now, because it was held

that, if any article.existed at all, the insurers were discharged.

The case in 3 Bingham only corrects this in its vicious ex-

tent ; it only'makes the underwriters free, if the cargo arrives

consisting of the same articles which composed it before,

that is, if flour is still flour hides are still hides, &c. The

question of value is left out of view altogether. The ques-

tion before us is, not whether the jury must find that the beef

had ceased 'to be beef or not, but only speaks of its value.

1 Wheaton, 219, decides this. It says that the consideration

of quantity or value is of no consequence. If, therefore, ever

so small a quantity of the article arrives, or.ever so much in-

jured, the underwriters are not responsible. The miaster's

duty was to go on. The case of Roux v. Salvador does not.

voL. V.

51

, 602

SUPREME COURT.
Hugg et al. v. Augusta Insurance and Banking Co.

justify the sale at Nassau. The hides in that case would have lost their character as hides.
As td the second question. This assumes that the master
could have repaired his vessel. The question of cost, is not involved. Was it not his duty to send on the cargo? ,If the other side are right, it is always in the power of the assured to bind us by stopping short, when we would not have been
responsible if the, cargo had been carried on. The agency of the master.only begins when the. liability of the underwriters is absolutely fixed. The law is settled in England, New York, Louisiana, and in this court. If the cargo remains, specifically, the underwriters cannot be held responsible for a total loss upon memorandumn articles. 3 Caines,. 108; 1 Johns. 305; 3 Johns. 328; 14 Johns. 139, 143, 14#, 145; 23 Peck, 405-409, 412, 414-416; 4 Barn. & Cres. 366; 3 Kent's Com. 2.10, 212, 213; 36 Com. Law Rep. 157, or 9 Adolph. & Ellis, 314, cites the above from Kent, with ap probation; 3 Mason, 429, 440; 16 East, 214, overrules '5East.
The owner of the cargo is bound to pay freight if the cargo arrives, no matter how much injured it may be. On memorandum articles, the ujiderwriters are not responsible f6r any thing but a total loss. The policy contains such a clause, and no one, has a right to strike it out. But the question supposes adiscretion to exist in the master, to act for the benefit of all parties. But how can he do so when their interests are contradictory? If he could have gone on, then a loss of freight has occurred, not from the perils of the sea, but from the conduct of the master. If he has acted for the benefit of the owners of the cargo, that"is nothing to us. We only insured that freight should be earned, not that it should be actually received. It might have been for "the interest of the owner of the- ship and the owner of'the cargo to terminate the voyage at Nassau. - But it was not for our intetest, and we cannot
be bound by the act. Third question.- Was it a round voyage? We rely on
2 Starkie, 573; 3 Com. Law Rep. 408.

Mr. Nelson, for the plaintiffs, in reply and conclusion.
I admit that, if the loss was not total, we"cannot recover. But the proposition is a -sur.prising one, which asserts that an article can be totally valueless in point of fact, and yet not be a total loss m point of law. The object of all contracts of. insurance is to pr~eserve property, and here its Value is admitted to be entirely destroyed. There is no adjudged case -which
sanctions such a doctrine. I -speak not of the language used by courts, but- of-points decided. It has never been before

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

603

Hugg et al. v. Augusta Insuranceand Banking Co.

this court. We do not assert that a loss-of a part can be considered a total loss. In-7 Johns. Ch. 415, the loss of a part of the hides was held to be-a partial loss. This is settled law in the United States. Massachusetts has followed it. But it is not our question. In 8 Cranch, 47, it is said that nothing short of physical extipction or extinction in value will justify an abandonment of memorandum articles; but it is not -settled whether extinction in value will be sufficient. 1 Wheaton, 219, is not like our case. The vessel there did not put into any port of distress, but arrived at her destination.
In the New York cases, the languiage of the judges is strong, but the cases themselves are distinguishable from ours. (Mr. Nelson here remarked upon the case of Griswold v. New York
Ins. Co., in 1 Johnson,-and again reported in 3 Johnson, and also upon the case in 14 Johnson.)
These New York cases rest upon a dictum of Lord Mansfield, which has. been overruled again and. again. (Mr. lelson then examined all the cases in chronological order, viz.: -Park on Insurance, 253; same book, 247; Cocking v. Fraser, 4 Doug. 295; 7 T. R. 218, -where the first doubt of Cocking v. Fraser was expressed by Lord Kenyofi, Park on Ins. 252; Dyson v. Rowcroft, 3 -Bos. & Pul. 474, - where it is said that Cocking v. Fraser is much shaken ; .15 East; 16'East,214; 17 Com. Law Rep. 408, 409, or 9 Barn. & Cres. 411; and the case of Roux v. Salvador, which came up twice, 27 Com. Law Rep. 481 or 1 Bing. N. C. 526, and 32 Com. Law Rep. 115; 5 Maule & Selw. 447.)
The English authorities appekr to settle the -point, that,.if the value of an article is destroyed, it is a total loss. This opinion is fortified by Stevens and Benecke on Average, p. 435.
The New York cases rely-upon Cocking v. Fraser. There is a learned argument on the subject in 14 Oonn. Rep, 47. . As to the second question. It is, that; assuming a power to transship when the'articles were damaged, whether an insurance
upon freight.can be recovered, it being granted that the cargo was insured and that it was for the interest of all parties to sell. The opposite counsel says that 23 Pickering closes this case. But I think not. (Mr. Nelson commented on the authority.) The question to be settled is, What ought the master to do ? The aithorities iead by Mr. Mayler have not been answered. They show that *where the master is in the double situation of protector of the ship and cargo, he must act with a sound dis-
cretion. Another point open upon the -reordis, that the vessel was in the hands of the law. The -vessel entered the port .on the 22d of June, and was sold on theist 'f July.. The goods were taken from the control of th6 master and plitced in 6usto-

604

SUPREME 0OURT.

Hugg-et'al. v. Augusta Insurance and BankingCo.

dy of the law. The sale' was a judicial one, and .the captain only did what his duty required.
As to the third question. This very point is decided in 12 Wheat. 383.

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court, after reading the statement prefixed to this report.
The first point -certified, upon the assumptions stated, involves the question, whether the underwriter of a policy upon
freight of goods warranted free from average is liable, as for a total loss, unless the goods be actually destroyed by one of the perils insured against, so as to be incapable of shipment to the port of destination; or whether a total loss may result at the port of distress from the goods having been so much damaged, that, if sent on, they would become of no value at the time they reached th6port of destinatiofi; and hence, instead of being sent on, may b6 sold for the benefit of whom it may
concern,
The contract of insurance upon freight is, that the goods shall arrive at the port of delivery notwithstanding the perils insured against; and that, if they fail thus to arrive, and the
owner is thereby unable to- earn his freight, the underwriter
will make it good. It does not undertake that the goods shall'be delivered in a
sound or merchantable state, or that the vessel in which they
are shipped shall be safe. against the dangers of the. sea, but -that it shall be in the power of the insured to earn his freight;
that is, that the perils, insured against shall .not prevent the ship from earning full freight for the assured in that voyage. If the ship and cargo remain, notwithstanding the disasters, in a condition to continue the voyage, it is in his power to earn freight, and he is bound to proceed; but if damage happens to either, and the voyage is broken up, so that no freight can be earned, the owner is entitled to recover, as for a total or partial loss, according as he may or may'not have earned -freight
pro rata itineris. If the damage happens to the vessel, and that can be re-
paired at the port of distress in a-reasonable time, and at a reasonable expense, it is the duty of the owner to make the
repairs, and to continue the voyage and earn his freight; and,
on the other hand- if the damage happens to the goods, and the ship be in a capacity to proceed, or, if disabled, another can be procured upon reasonable terms, the owner of-the ship will still be entitled to perform the voyage and recoter his freight, un- . less the'goods have been totally destroyed. In every case, before he can recover of the underwriter, he must show that he

3 ANUARY TERM, 1849.

605

Hugg et al. v. Augusta Insurance and Banking Co.

was prevented by one of the perils insured against, from com-
pleting the voyage, and, for- that reason, had failed to entitle himself to freight from the shippers.
The first point certified to us assumes that the ship was
capable of carrying on the cargo to the port of delivery notwithstanding the injuries received; and the only question is, whether the cargo was so much damaged, and in such'a condition, as to have dispensed with that duty.
In the case of memorandum articles, the exception of partic-
ular average excludes a constructive total loss; and, of course, the principle which'allbws an abandonment where the loss exceeds half the value does not apply. There must be an actual total loss of-the, goods. The object of the clause is to protect the underwriter from any partial loss on*articles of a perishable nature, which are. liable to inherent. decay and damage, independently of the damage occasioned by the perils insured
against ; and where it would. be difficult, if not impossible,, to distinguish between them. ' In case of a total loss, consequent upon the happening of one of. the perils, the whole 'damage, is' presumed to have arisen, from that cause, and thus all dispute is avoided as to the origin or nature of thi loss.
What -constitutes a total loss of a memorandum article has 'been'the subject of frequent discussion, both in the courts of England and this country, and in the- former of some diversity
of opinion-; but, in most of the cases, the decisions have been miform, and the principle governing the question regarded as
settled; and that is,'so long as the -goods have not lost their original character,-but remain in specie, and in that condftion are capable of being shipped to the destined port, there cannot
be a total loss of the article, whatever may be the extent of the damage, so as to subject the underwriter. The loss is but partial. The cases are numerous on the subject, and will be foufid collected in Park on Marine Ins., ch. 6, subd. 13, p. 247; 2 Phillips on Ins., 'h. 18, p. 4S3; and 3 Rent's Com. 295, 296.
It would be useless to refer more particularly to them. The only doubt that has been expressed.in respect to the
soundness of this rule is, whether a destruction in value for all the purposes of the adventure, so that the 6'bjects of the voyage were no longer worth pursuing, should not be regarded as a total loss within the memoxandum clause, as well, as a destruction in specie. . But although this has been suggested
in several cases in England as a proper qualification, and as coming within the obligation of the underwriter, there is no
case to be found in which- the suggestion has received the sanction of judicial authority.
In this country the rule has been uniform, that there must
51 *

606

SUPREME COURT.

Hugg et al. v. Augusta Insurance and Banking Co.

be a destruction.of the article in specie, as will be seen by a reference to 'the following authorities. Maggrath v. Church, 1
Caines, 196; Neilson v. Col. Ins. Co., 3 ib. 108; Le Roy v. Gouverneur, 1 Johns. Cas. 226'; Griswold v. New York Ins. Co., 1 Johns. 205, Livingston, J.; S. C., 3 ib. 321; Saltus v. Ocean Ins. Co., 14 ib. 138; Whitney v.,. N. Y. Firemen Ins.
Co., 18 ib. 208; Brooke v. Louis. State Ins. Co., 4 Martin, N. S. 640; S. C., 5 ib. 530; Morean v. U. S. Ins. Co., 1
Wheat. 219; McGa* v. Ocean Ins. Co., 23 Pick. 405; 3 Sumner, 544; 1 Story, 342.
Whethet the test of liability is made to depend upon the destruction in specie, or in value, would, we are inclined to
think, as a general rule, make practically very little, if any, difference; fdr while the goods remain in specie, and arejeapable of being carried'on in.that-condition to the destined port, it will rarely happen that on their arrival they will be of no yalue
-to the owner or cohsignee. The proposition assumes a complete destruction in value, otherwise the uncertainty attending
it would be an insuperable objection;, and, in that view, it may be a question even if the degree of deterioration would not be greater to constitute a total loss than is required under the
present rule. The rule as settled seems preferable, for its certainty anfd
simplicity, and as affording the best security to the undervriter against the strong teinptation that may frequently exist, on the
part of th6 master and shipper, to convert a partial into a total
loss. Mr. Park, in speaking of the case of Cocking v. Fraser (4
Doug. 295), a leading 6ne in the establishment of the rule, ob-serves that the wisdom of the decision is apparent ; for, other-
-wise, it would be a constant temptation to'the assured, wien-ever a cargo of this~description -va likely to reach the port of
destination in an unsound state, to throw the loss upon the underwriters, by voluntarily giving up. the further prosecution of
the voyage, to which'they -vere not liable by the terms of the-
memorandum.% (1 Park, 249.) The rule, it will be observed, as we have stated it, contem-
plates the arfitral of the goods, or some part of them, in specie, at the' port of delivery; or that they were capable of being shipped to that port in specie. And hence, if the commodity
be damaged so that it wodld not be allowed to remain on 'board consistently with the health of the crew or safety of the
vessel, or if permission be refused to land the same by the public authluies at the port of distress for fear of disease, and, for these and like causes, should, from necessity,, be destroyed by being thrown overboard, notwithstanding the aidcle existed

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

607

Hugg et aL v. Augusta Insurance and Banking Co.

in specie, and might have been carried on in that condition,
there would still~'be a total loss within the meaning of the
policy. In the cases supposed, it is as effectually destroyed by a peril insured against, as if it had gone to the bottom of the sea from the wreck of the ship. The same result follows, also, if the goods be so much damaged as to be incapable of reaching the port of destination in their original character.
These principles are either state.d in, of are fairly deducible from, s6veral cases; but especially from the cases of Dyson v. Rowcroft, 3 Bos. & Poul. 474, and Roux v. Salvador, 3 Bing. N. C. 266, and S. C., 1 Bing. N. C. 526.
In Roux v. Salvador, in the Exchequer, it was observed hat the argument rested upon the position, that, if,at the termination of the risk, the goods remained in specie, however damaged, there was not a total loss; and it was admitted that the position might be just, if, by the termination of the risk, was meant the arrival of the goods at their place *of destination; but that there was a fallacy in applying those words to the termination of the adventure before that period -bya peril of the sea, as the -object of the policy is to obtain an indemnity for any loss that the assured might sustain by the goods being prevented by the perils of the sea from arriving in safety at the port of destination.
It was also remarked, that, if the goods once damaged by
the perils of the sea, and necessarily landed before the termination of the voyage, were, by reason of that damage, in such a state, though the species be not utterly destroyed, that they could not witlh safety be reshipped into the same or Qny other vessel, - or if it was certain that before the termination of the original voyage the species itself -would disappear, 7-in any of these"cases, the circumstance of their existence in specie at the forced termination of the risk was of no importance.
The jury had found in that case, that the hides were so far damaged by a peril of the sea, that they never could have arrived at the port of destination in the form of hides; and as the destruction was not complete wheri they were taken out of the vessel at the port of distress, they became, in their then condition, a salvage for the benefit of the party who was to sustain the loss.
In respect to the first point, therefore, the court direct that it be certified to the Circuit Court, that, if the jury find that
the jerked beef was a perishable article within the meaning of the policy, the defendant is not liable as for a total loss of the freight, unless it appears that there was a destruction in specie of the entire cargo, so Xhat it had lost its original character at Nassau, the port of distress, or that a total destruction would

608

SUPREME COURT.

Hugg et al. v. Augusta Insurance and Banking Co.

have been inevitable from the damage received, if it had been reshippe& before it could have arrived at Matanzas, the port of
destination. The second point certified assumes that the vessel, notwith-
standing the disaster, was in a condition to carry on the.cargo, - or that another could be procured, and the questiori is, whether -the plaintiff is entitled to recover, -as for'a total loss of freight, if it appeared that it was for the interest of the insured and insurer of the cargo, on account of the damaged -condition of the
portion sold, that it should h4ve been sold, and not carried on. to Matanzas, the port of delivery.
-Many of the considerations stated in our examination of the first point certified have a direct application to this onei; as it there appears that the interest of the insured, or of the under -f writer of the cargo, is not taken -into the account, norin any way regarded in determining whether or not a total loss of the freight has happened from any of the perils insured against, but whether there has been a. destruction of the entire -cargo in specie, or such damage received as would inevitably prevent
.the arrival of any portion of it in specie at the destined port. The fiterest of the owner of the cargo may frequently be
adverse to that of the owner of the ship; for although the goods remain in specie, arid in that condition capable of being carried on, it may be for the interest of the owner, or of the insurer of the cargo, to have it sold in its then damaged state at the intermediate port, instead of taking the risk of 'further deterioration. But, in that case, the owner, or those representing him, must act upon their own responsibility;, for, if he elects to receive the goods voluntarily at a place short of the port of destination, he is responsible for the freight., The loss :cannot be total or partial at his will, or as his interest may dictate.
It was said in Griswold 'v. New York Ths. Co. (which was an action on a policy on freight), that whether it would have been wise or foolish in 'the shipper to have sent on the flour in the condition it was in was a question not to be put to the plaintiffs. It was none of their concern. The risk of the value of the cargo atthe port of delivery lay with the owners of the cargo. All that the plaintiffs had to do by their contract was to provide the means to take on the cargo, by repairing their
ship er procuring another. Other considerations may arise as between the owner and
insurer of the cargo, but it is not important now to go into
them. On looking into the facts in this case, it will be seen that
the portion of the beef landed at Nassau, and sold, was wet and heated; and that the board of. health had recommended to the

JANUARY TERM. 1849.

609

Hugg et al. v. Augusta Insifrance and Banking Co.

authorities, that it should be removed as soon as it convenient-
ly could be without too great a sacrifice of the prpperty. It is obvious, therefore, that the perishable condition of the article
must be taken into consideration in deciding upon the obligation of the master, in the emergency, to repair his vessel, or to procure qnother, for the purpose of sending it on to the port of
delivery. ' If it 'should be made to appear that the repairs or
procurement of another vessel would necessarily produce such a retardation of the voyage as would, in all probability, occasion a destruction of the 'article in specie before it could arrive
at the port of destination, or from its damaged condition could not be reshipped in time consistently with the health of the
crew or safety, of the Vessel, or would not be in a fit condition from pestilential effiuvia, or otherwise, to be carried on, it then was the duty of the master to -ell the goods for the benefit of whom it might concern.
The cargo -being in a perishable condition, the extent of the repairs, or difficulty of procuring another vessel, and conse-
querit delay attending the same, are material, considerations influencing his judgment in deciding upon the necessity of a sale;
for it would be unreasonable to require him, to subject his owner to this expense, when, at the same time, a strong probability existed that the cargo would not be in a condition to be reshipped. 18 Johns. 208; 6 Cow. 270; 1 Bing. N. 0. 526; 3 ib. 266; 3 Brod. & Bing. 97; S.' 0. 6 Moore, 288; 6 Taunt. 383; 1 Holt, 48; 3 Kent's Com. 212, 213; 2 Phillips,
331 et seq.
The quantity and value of the portion saved are also material" circumstances to -be considered in exercising a sound discretion in respect to the extent of the repairs required to be made, or of expense in the procurement bf another v.essel, with a view to the earning of salvage for the benefit of the-underwriter on freight. The owner of the cargo is liable for any increased
freight arising from the hire of another vessel; and inless it can be procured at an expense not exceeding the amount of the freight to be earned by completing the voyage, the underwriter on freight has no right to insist upon this duty of the mdster. Beyond this, it becomes a question between him and the
owner or underwriter of the cargo: 3 Kent's Com. 212; Shipion v. Thornton, 9 Adolph. & Ellis, 314; Searle v. Scovel,
4 Johns. Ch. 218; American Ins. Co. v. Center, 4 Wend. 45;
2 Phillips, 216. In respect to the second question, therefore, we direct it to
be certified to the Circuit Court, if the jury find that, from the
condition of tha't portion of the cargo sold at Nassau, it was for the interest of the insured and insurers of the cargo that it

610

SUPREME- COURT.

Huggeat aL v. Augis ta 'Insurance and Banking Co.

should have been so sold, and not transported to Matanzas, still, the -plaintiffs are not entitled to recover as for a total loss of freight, provided their own vessel could have been repaired in a reasonable time,-and at a reasonable expense, so as to perform the voyage, or they could have procured another at Nassau, the
port of distress, and have transshipped the portion sold in specie .to the port of destination.
I The third question is, assuming that the plaintiffs are entitled to recover, is the policy on the amount mentioned for one en-
tire voyage round from Baltimore out, and home again; and are the 'defendants entitled to deduct from the amount insured the freight earned in the voyage'from Baltimore to Rio upon the
outward cargo. The policy provides, that the defendants, in consideration. of
.156.25,'agree to insure the plaintiffs, &c., on freight of the
bark Margaret Hugg, at and from Baltimore to Rio Yaneiro and back to Havana or Matanzas, or a port in the United
States, &c., to the amount of $ 5,000 upon all kinds of lawful
goods, &c., beginning the adventure upon the said freight from and immediately foilowing the lading thereof aforesaid at Baltimore, and continuing the same until the said goods, wares, and merchandise shall be safely landed at the port
aforesaid. It is insisted, on the part of the defendants, that the' voyage
insured is one entire voyage from Baltimore out to Rio Janeiro, and then to Matanzas, or home; and that they are entitled to a
deduction of the- freight earned on the outward cargo from Bal-
timore to Rio. Jl'he court are of opinion, that, upon a true construction of the
pohioy Ihe insurance was upon every suecessive cargo that was taken on board, in the course of the voyage out and home, and is to be applied to the freight at risk at any time, whether on the outward or homeward passage. This was the construction given to these terms - in a freight policy in Davy v. Hallett, 3 Caines, 16, and The Columbian Ins. Co. v. Catiet, 12 Wheat. 383. The insurance 'was regarded as, in effect, covering freight upon separate voyages out and home, to the amount of. the valuation; and in the former case the payment of double premiuni was deemed a pretty sure index to the intent of the
parties that the policy should attach on the outward or home-waid freight according to events, and was to be valid and operative as long as there was aliment to- keep it alive. All the considerations urged in. favor of this construction in the cases referred to- apply with equal force tb the policy in question.
The-dburt direct, therefore, that it be certified to the Circuit

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

611

Hugg et al. v. Augusta Insurance and Banking C.

Court, that, assuming the plaintiffs are entitled to recover, the defendants are not entitled to deduct from the insured the freight earned on the voyage"from Baltimore to Rio upon the outward cargo, as the policy is not for one entire voyage round from Baltimore out, and home.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Maryland, and on the points and questions on which the judges of the said Circuit Court were opposed in opinion, and which were certified to this court for its opinion agreeably to the act, of Congress in such case made and provided, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is the -opinion of this court, - 1st. That, if the jury find that the jerked beef was a perishable article within the meaning of the policy, the defendants are, not liable as for a total loss of the freight, unless it appears that there was a destruction in specie of the entire cargo, so that it had lost its origifnal character at Nassau, the port of distress ; or that a total destruction would have been inevitable from the' damage received, if it had been reshipped before it could have arrived at Matanzas, the port of destination. 2d. If the jury find, that, from the condition, of that portion of the cargo sold tNassau, it'was for the interest
of the insured and insurers bf the cargo, that it should have been so sold, and not trafsported to Matanzas, still, that the plaintiffs are not entitled to recover as for a total loss ol freight,
provided their own vessel could have been repaired in a reasonable time, and at a reasonable expense, so as to perform the voyage, or they could have procured another at Nassau, the port
of distress, and have transshipped the portion sold in specie to the port of destination. And 3d. That, assuming the plaintiffs are entitled to recover, the defendants, are not entitled to deduct from the insured the freight ,earned on the voyage from' Baltimore to Rio upon the outward cargo, as the policy id not
for one entire voyage round from Baltidiore out, and home. Whereupon, it is now here ordered and adjudged, that it be so certified to the said Circuit Court.

798

SUPREME COURT.

Backus v. Gould et al.

ELEAZER F. BACKUS, PLAINTIFF IN -ERROR, v. WILLAm GOULD AND DAVID BA-NKs, wHo SUE AS WELL FOR THE UNITED STATES AS
THEMSELVES.
By the sixth section of the act bf February'td, 1831, entitled "An act to amend the several acts respecting copyrights," the penalty of fifty cents on each sheet, whether printed or being printed, or published or exposed to sale, is limited to the sheets in possession of the party who prints or exposes them to sale.
It does not apply to those sheets which he had published or procured to be published, whether they were found in his possession or not.
THIS case was brought, by writ of error, from the Circuit -Court of the United States for the Northern District of New York.
It was a qui tamn actior4, brought by Gould and Banks against Backus, for an alleged inVasion of their copyright in nine volumes of Cowen's Reports, and the first three volumes of Wendell's Reports.
On the trial, the.affidavit of John L. Wendell was read, stating that he, the deponent, was the real plaintiff, and that Gould and Banks were merely-nominal plaintiffs.
In 1838, Backus published a book entitled "A Digest of the Causes decided and reported in the Superior Court of the City of New York, the Vice-Chancellor's Court, the Supreme Court of Judicature, the Court of Chancery, and the Court for the Correction of Errors, of the State of New York, from 1823 to October, 1836, with Tables of the Names of the Cases and of .Titlesand References, being a Supplement to Johnson's Digest.
To the declaration, Backus pleaded nil debet, Upon the trial, the plaintiffs proved themselves entitled to the copyright of the first, second, and fifth volumes- of Cowen's Reports, and of the second volume of Wendell's Reports. And that from the above volumes the defendant had transferred, literally, one hundred and forty-two and a half pages; and they proved a'sale by the defendant of five hundred copies of his work. The counsel for the defendant then prayed the court to instruct the jury as follows. 1st. That John L. Wendell, and not the plaintiffs, was the owner and proprietor of the copyright to the said first, second; and fifth volumes of Cowen's, and to the said second volume of Wendell's Reports, and that, by the statute;-no person but the owner or proprietor could maintain said suit forb aid penalty, and prayed the court so to instruct the jury. .But the court decided that the suit might be maintained in the name of William Gould and David Banks, notwithstanding the facts set forth in the affidavits of John L. Wendell i and so instructed the

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

799

Backua v. Gould et al

jury, and refused to instruct said jury as requested by defendant's counsel; to which decision, instruction, and refusal, the counsel for the defendant excepted.
2d. That the said books called the first, second, and fifth vIlumes of Cowen's Reports, and second volume of Wendell's Reports, are not the subject of a copyright, and the publisher of them could acquire no exclusive right to the publication thereof, and ther6fore could not be unlawfully infringed, and prayed the court so to instruct the jury. -But the court decided, that, although the opinions of the several courts, as contained in said volumes of reports, were not the subjectof a copyright, yet that the indexes of said volumes, and the statement of the cases preceding the opinions, and the marginal notes, or synopsis of the case, at the head of each case, were the subject of a
copyright, for any infringement of which this action would lie, and go charged and instructed the jury, and refused to charge
or instruct the jury as prayed by the defendant's counsel, to which decision, charge, and instruction, and refusal, the defendant's counsel excepted.
3d. The defendant's counsel insisted, that if the said indexes were the subject of a copyright, yet it was the duty of
the proprietor thereof, who. obtained the copyright, to express, in the title deposited, and published, (where he was not entitled to a copyright of the whole book,) the*matter for which he claimed such copyright; that he could not obtain a valid, copyright to such matter, which was a "verysmall portior of the
work, under a general claim to a copyright to the whole book, and in this case he had not only not claimed any such copyright to the indexes, but merely a copyright to the report of the cases, and therefore had not acquired any valid copyright to
such indexes, and-prayed the court so to in§truct the jury. But, the court decided, that a copyright to the-whole book would secure to the proprietors the exclusive right to such matter in the book as was susceptible of a copyright, although such matter composed ever so small a portion of the book, and so instructed the jury, and refused to instruct said jury as requested by the counsel for the said defendant; to which decision, instruction, and refusal, the counsel for the defendant excepted.
4th. The counsel for the defendant also insisted, that the plaintiffs having obtained a copyright purporting to be for the whole book, when they were only entitled to a copyright for a very small portion of the matter contained in such book, such copyright was wholly void, and. no action would lie for any infringement of it, and prayed the court so to instruct the .jury.
But the court decided that such copyright wbuld, and did,. secure to the plaintiffs the exclusive right to such matter in

800

SUPREME COURT.

Backus v.Gould ei al.

said book, whether it were more or- less, as he was entitled to obtain- a .copyright for, and that said copyright was not void, and that this action would lie for an infringement or pirating of any part of the matter in said books for which the plaintiffs were entitled to obtain a.copyright, and so instructed the jury,
and refused-to instruct the jury as prayed by defendant's counsel; to which decision, instruction, and refusal, the defendantrs
counsel excepted. -5th. The counsel for the defendant also further insisted,-that
the publication of the said supplement, orthird volume of John-
son's Digest, was not a printing or publishing of the said first, second, and fifth volumes of Cowen's Reports, and second vol-
ume of Wendell's Reports, of which the said plaintiffs claimed t&have the copyright, within the section of either of the acts
of Congress giving said penalty. That said penal sections of said acts were to be construed strictly, and did not impose any penalty for printing or publishing, a smAll portion of the matter for which a copyright was obtained; that, by the terms of the
statute, the penalty was only inflicted for an unauthorized prinfing, reprinting, or publishing, &c., a copy or copies'of the whole
of the map, chart, book or books, for which the copyright had been obtained, and that for such printing, reprinting, or pub: lishing any smaller portion than the whole, this action could
not be sustained, and prayed the court so to instruct the jury. But the court decided, that an action for the penalty, given by the penal section of the act. would lie for the'printing, reprinting, or publishing by the defendant of any part or portion of' the matter in .said first, second, and fifth volumes of Cowen,'s Reports, and second volume of Wendell's Reports, to which the plaintiffs were entitled to a copyright, and so iistructed the
jury, and refused to inistruct the jury as prayed by the defendant's counsel; to which decision, instruction, and refusal, the counsel for the defendant excepted.
6th. The defendant's .counsel also -insisted that the offence for the which the penalty sued for *as ihflicted by the act of Congress was in the nature of -a criminal offence; that the
penalty was inflicted by the statute, in part, s a punishment for a criminal offence, and in part as a punishment for a tortuous, if not a criminal, invasion of private property, and that the action was local; "and that the act ,or offence far which this action was brought was committed in the State of Pennsylvania, and therefore out of the jurisdiction of this court, and consequently the present action could not be sustained, and prayed the court, so to instruct -the jury. But the court decided that the action could be sustained in any State -of the Union, and so charged the jury, and refured to instruct the jury as prayed by

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

801

Backus v. Gould et al.

the defendant's counsel;. to which decision, charge, and refusal, the defendant's counsel excepted.
7th. The counsel for the defendant also insisted, that the publication by the defendant of a bone fide digest of the first, second, and fifth volumes of Cowen's Reports, and second volume of Wendell's Reports, was not an infringement of the copyright of the plaintiffs to said books; it was a benefit, and not an injury, to those books; and prayed the court so to instruct the jury, that if they found, from the evidence in the case, that the supplement, or third volume of Johnson's Digest, published by the said defendant, was a bona fide digest of the decisions of the cases contained in said volumes, and was published by the defendant in good faith, and -not for the purpose of furnishing to the public the matter contained in said volumes in a cheaper form or for a less price than those volumes were sold for; and that said digest was, in fact, a benefit in-
stead of an injury to said volumes, and would promote the sales thereof; that then said publication was no infringement of the plaintiffs' said copyright, and this action could'not be sustained,
and the defendant would be entitled to their verdict. But the court refused so to idstruct the jury; but did charge hud instruct the jury, that if the defendant had transferred to his said
digest any part-of the matter contained in the indexes of said first, second, and fifth volumes of Cowen's Reports, or second volume of Wendell's Reports, and thus availed himself of the labor of others contained in books of which the plaintiffs held the copyright, the plaintiffs were entitled to their verdict ; to which refusal, and charge, and instruction, the defendant's counsel excepted.
8th. The counsel for the defendant also insisted, that from the very nature of the work published, the same idea contained in the indexes to said volumes of reports, if correctly, stated in .said indexes, must necessarily be stated in the digest published by defendant; and if published in English, substantially the same words must be used; and if the work was a bonO fide digest, and not'an evasion for the purpose of furnishing the public with the work in a cheaper form than the original, the publication of said digest by the defendant could not be deemed an invasion of*the plaintiffs' copyright, unless the matter ii said indexes had been literally transferred to the defendant's digest, and prayed the court so to instruct the jury. But -the court refused so to instruct the jury, but instructed them, that if the defendant had transferred to the said digest, publishediby him,
any part of matter-contained in the indexes to said first, second, and fifth volumes of Cowen's Reports, and second volume of Wendell's Reports, it was an invasion .ofthe plaintiffs' said

802

SUPREME" COURT.

Backus v. Gouid.et al.

copyright, for which this action would lie; to which refusal and instruction the counsel for the defendant excepied.
9th. In regard to the amount of the penalty to be recovered, the defendant's counsel insisted that.the plaintiffs could only recover fifty cents for every sheet of the matter transferred from said index to first, second, and fifth volumes of Cowens Reports, and second volume of Wendell's, to the said digest of said defendant, as had been proved to 'have been found in his possession,. either printing or printed, published or exposed for sale; and that there was no legal.proof that any such sheets of said matter had been so found in said defendant's possession; and prayed the court so to instruct the jury. But the counsel for plaintiffs insisted thit they were entitled to recover fifty cents for every sheet of such matter which had been published, or procured to be published, by the defendant, whether the same were proved to have been found in the defendant's possession or not ; and so the court decided and instructed the jury, and refused to instruct the jury as prayed by the counsel for the defendant; to which decision and instruction, and refusal to instruct, the defendant's counsel' excepted. *
- And with such charge and instruction, the court submitted the cause to the jury, who, under such decisions, charge, and instruction, found a verdict for the plaintiffs for $ 2,069.75 debt, and six cents costs:
Upon all these exceptions the case came up to this court.
They were all fully argued, by Mr. James Bayard and Mr. Joseph R. Ingersoll,for the plaintiff in errcr, and Mr. Wendell, for the defendants in error.
The arguments upon all thb points, except the one upon which the decision of the court turned, are omitted. The views expressed by Mr. Bayard "were illustrated and enforced by Mr. Ingersoll,in his reply to Mr. Wendell.
Mr. Bayard said, that, before entering upon the argument, it was right, as well in justice to His Honor the District Judge (Conkliug) before whom the case was tried, as to prevent any prejudice to the case from an apparent decision by the court below,.to state the circumstances under which the case comes before this.cQurt.
This case, with another, embracing precisely the same questions, (which-it is agreed shall abide the event of this,) came on to' be tiied before His Honor, Judge Conkling, who held the Circuit Court at Albany, in.October, 1843, in the absence of the Circuit Judge, (the late Mr. Justice Thompson,) who was absent from sickness. In order to take a verdict which should determine the facts, in the case, and fix the amount of the

JANU-AIRY TERM, 1849.

803

Back-s v. Gould et al.

penalty, if any had been incurred, the points of law were stated by counsel, and ruled by the judge without argument, with the understanding that they were to be argued before a full court, when Judge Thompson should be able to sit. *His continued indisposition, which at last terminated in his death, prevented this from being done; and in July, 1845f judgment was entered upon the verdict, by order of plaintiffs' attorney, without argument. And this writ of error was sued-
out to bring the record into this court, where the case is really now to ie. decided for the 'first time.
(Mr. Bayard then proceeded to argue the several points,,
until he came to the ninth prayer to the court below.)
. Again, by the express words of the act, the offender is to forfeit and pay fifty cents only "for every such sheet which.
may be found in his possession."
This limitation has been totally disregarded by the learned judge of the Circuit Court, who adopted the views of the counsel for the plaintiffs, who "insisted that they were entitled to recover fifty cents for every sheet of such matter which had been published, or procured to be published, by the defedtdant, whether the same were proved to have been found in the defendant's possession or rot," and so decided and instructed the jury.
This appears to be a most manifest disregard of the terms of
the statute, in order to give what the judge seems to have considered an equitable construction, making it extend to a case clearly beyond its terms, which is a mode of construction altogether inadmissible in the case of a peial statute.
The reason of this limZ ation of the penalty may not be very clear; but the words of'the statute are plain, and when this is the case, there is no room for equitable construction in any statute, but especially in a penal one.
But it might not be difficult, if it were necessary, to find
reasons for the limitation. 1st. Congress did not intend that an author should lie by
during the two years allowed for bringing his action, .permitting another to publish and vend his work during that time, and then recover fifty cents for every sheet so published.
This would be laying a trap for his ruin, as I have shown that the penalty upon an ordinary edition might exceed $15,000; and if it were a popular work, several such editions might 'be disposed of in the course of, two years.
2d. But for this limitation, several penalties might be incurred by several different persons on account of the same sheets.
The penalty is to be inflicted upon "any person who shall
.print, publish, or -import, or cause to be printdd, publish

804

SUPREME COURT.

Backus v. Gould. et al.

imported, any copy, &c.,-without consent of thd owner, or who shall (knowing the same to be so printed or imported) publish, sell, or cause to be published, sold, or exposed to sale,
any copy," &c. Not only, therefore, the publisher, but the printer, and every
bookseller who sells a copy, may be liable to this penalty. Now, upon the principle adopted by, the court. below, the
penalty is incurred by the act of publication, printing, or selling, and the amount is to be fixed by the number of copies published, printed, or sold, without regard to where they may
be-found. In case, therefore, of an edition of such a work, the pbblisher who has caused it to be printed, the printer who has actually printed it, the bookseller in whose store the whole edition has been placed for sale, and every bookseller to -whom he has sent a part of it for sale, may be liable to the penalty of fifty cents for the same identical sheets. This could never
have been intended. 3d. Again, it might be that a person who .had uninten-
tionally violated a copyright by the publication of a book might, upon discovering that his publication was illegal, destroy the whole edition, and so relieve himself from the penalty. But 'according to the decision of the Circuit Court, he would still remain liable. Nay, if he were even to give the whole edition to the author of the protected work, he would still, on the principle of this decision, remain liable to this penalty.
These are some of the reasons which' might be given for this limitation of the penalty; but whatever the reasons may have been, the words are plain, and measure the amount of the penalty by the number of sheets "found in defendant's possession."
If the intention of the legislature was what the Circuit Court held it to have been, it would have been perfectly easy and most obviously proper to have expressed that intention, either by omitting the words, "which may be found in his possession," or by adding after the word "sale," in the next line,
the words, "or which he may have sold, or caused to be sold" ; either of which, particularly the former, would have been the simple and natural mode of expressing the intention contended
for by the plaintiffs. Accordingly we find, that in the British statutes on copy-
right, (of which there have been several,) there has been a change in this particular; and when the amount of the penalty was not intended to be measured by the number of books or
sheets found in defendant's possession, it has been so expressed. The first statute on this subject (from which all the subse-
quent ones, both in England and in this country, have ;been
taken) was the statute S Ann, c. 19, (1710,) which gives to

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

805

Backus v. Gould et al.

authors and their assigns the sole right of printing, publishing,

and vending their books for fourteen years, with the right of

renewal for fourteen years longer if the authors are living at

the expiration of the first term. And the first section provides,

that if any other person shall print, reprint, &c., any such book

or books, without the consent of the author or his assignee,

"then such offender or offenders shall forfeit such book or

books, and all and every sheet or sheets, being part of such

book or books, to the proprietor or proprietors of the copyright

thereof, who shall forthwith damask and make waste-paper of

them ; and further, that every shch offender or offenders shall

forfeit one penny for every sheet which shall be found in his,

her, or their custody either printed or. printing, published, or

exposed to sale, contrary to the true intent and meaning of

this act.", Here we have the same limitation as in our act of

Congress.

Next came the statute 12 Geo. II., c. 36, which was passed

for the purpose of "prohibiting the importation of books

reprinted abroad, and first composed or written and printed in

Great Britain."

The first section of this starute, after prohibiting the importa-

tion for sale of books first written or printed in England, di-

rects the forfeiture of the books-so imported, to be damasked or

made waste-paper of, as in.the former statute, and then adds,

"And further, that every such offender or offenders shall forfeit

the sum of five. pounds, and double the value of every, book

which he or they shall so import or bring into this kingdom,

or shall knowingly sell, publish, or expose to sale, or cause to

be sold, published, or exposed to sale, contrary to the true in-

tent and meaning of this act."

Here we have the penalty not limited to the books found

in the offender's custody or possession, but, extended to all the

books imported, sold, or exposed to sale contrary to the provis--

ions of the statute.

The next statute was -that of 15 Geo. III., c. 53,. which was

"An act for enabling the two universities in England, the four

universities in Scotland, and the several colleges of Eton,

Westminster, and Winchester, to hold in perpetuity their copy--

right in books given or bequeathed" to them, &c.

The"first section of this act secures to the said universities and

colleges the. perpetual copyight in'books given or bequeathed

to them. The second section provides, that if any person shall

print, reprint, or import any such book or'books, he or they shall

forfeit the same, and every sheet thereof, to be damasked or

made waste-paper df. "And, further, that such offender or

offenders shall forfeit one penny for every sheet which shall be

VOL. V1.

68

806

SUPREM E COURT.

Backus v.. Gould et al.

found in his, her, or their custody, either printing- or printed, published, or exposed to sale, contrary to the true intent and.
meaning of this act." Here we have the penalty limited to the. sheets found in the custody of the offender.
The next was the statute 41 Geo. III., c. 107, entitled "An -act for the further encouragement of learning in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing the copies
and copyright of printed books to the authors of such books, or their assigns, for the time herein mentioned."
This act is remarkable in several particulars, and especially with'reference to the point now under consideration, that it has,
in different sections, both the kinds of penalty; viz. one limited
by the sheets found in the custody of the offender, and the other measured by the whole number of books imported. By the first section, after reciting that "it is expedient that further protection. should be afforded to the authors"of books," &c.. the sole
right of printing and reprinting is given to the author, &c., for fourteen years, with' the right of renewal for another term of fourteen years, as .before. . Then it is'enacted, that if any one
violates this right, the offender or offenders shall be liable to a special action on the case, at the suit of the proprietor of the
copyright, in'which damages may be recovered! It is. further enacted, that the offender shall forfeit such book or books, and,
all and every sheet .and sheets, being part thereof, t.o be damasked, as before. " "And all and every such offender and offend-
ers shall also forfeit the sum of threepence for every sheet which shall be found in his oi their custody, either printed or printing, or published, or exposed to sale, contrary to the true intent and
meaning of this act." After several other provisions, not material to the present
question, we come to the seventh section, which forbids the
importation for sale of books first printed in the United Kingdom and afterwards reprinted abroad.. If any person shall import such book contrary to this act, "then every such book
shall'be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the customs, .and the same shall be forthwith made waste-paper."' *And all and every person so offending, upon conviction thereof, shall also, foi every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and double the value of each and every copy of such book or books which he, she, or they shall so import or bring, or cause to be imported or brought, into any part of the said
United Kingdom." Here was a statute intended to give "farther protection" to
authors, which it does by, - 1st, extending the sole right of authors, &c., to the whole of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; 2d, giving a special action, on the case to

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

807

Backus v. Gould et al.

proprietors of copyrights; 3d, increasing the penalty on re,printing, &c., from one penny to threepence; 4th, giving to.
officers of the customs the right, and making it their duty, to
seize and destroy any books imported in violatibn of the act; 5th, increasing the penalty on importing such books from five to ten pounds. But the court will observe, that although this statute was intended.to increase the protection to copyright, and although the legislature had fully in view the two different modes of measuring the penalty, imposing one in the first section and the other in the seventh, yet they made .no alteration in this respect with regard to books reprinted in the kingdom,
but adhered to the original limitation, contained in the statute
of Ann, only increasing the penalty from one penny to threepence, while they follow the statute of 12 Geo. II. in extend-
ing the penalty on imported books to all books imported. The next act shows the intention of the legislature still more
clearly. That was the statute 54 Geo. III., c. 156, entitled "An act to amend the several acts for the encouragement of learning, by ecuring the copies and copyright of printed books to the authors of such books or their assigns."
The fourth: section of this act extends the term of copyright to twenty-eight years, (with a subsequent extension, in section
- ninth, for the life of the author, if living at the expiration of the twenty-eight years,) gives the special action on the case for violation of the copyright, directs the forfeiture of every book
printed, &c., in violation of the copyright, to be damasked, as
before, and then provides, that "all and every such offender and offenders shall also forfeit the sum of threepence for every sheet thereof, either printed or printing, or published, or exposed to sale, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act.', Here the linitation to sheets found in the custody of the
offender is omitted, - and this is particularly important, as I will show presently when I come'to examine the acts of Con-
gress on this subject. I have been thus particular in the examination of these Brit-
ish statutes, because the'acts of Congress have been evidently taken from them, copying the very-words in many instances. And in the absence of decided cases, putting a judicial construc-
tion upon these acts, it is important to learn the sense of the legislature, as to the true meaning of the terms used, from the changes which have been made from time to time; and it is very evident, from this examination, that where the legislature intended to extend the penalty beyond the books or sheets found in the custody of the offender, they have said so in such a way as to leave no doubt about it; as, first, in the case of
importation of protected books, the offender forfeits double the

808

SUPREME COURT.

-Backus v. Gould et al.

value of every book imported, and, finally, in 1814, and not till then, in case of reprinting in England, the offender shall, forfeit threepence for every sheet either printed or printing, or published, or exposed to sale, contrary to the act.
In the last British statute on this subject, 5 & 6 Vict., c. 45, which repeals the former acts, and forms a complete system of copyright law, the penalty of pecuniary forfeiture is omitted altogether - and the proprietor of a copyright has a 'special action on the case for damages, and a right to maintain detinue c or trover for the pirated copies.
Now let us turn to the acts of Congress on this subject. The first was the act of the 31st of'May, 1790, which gives to. the author or authors of any map, chart, book, or books, (,being citizens of the United States,) and their executors, administrators, and assigns, the sole right to print, reprint, publish, and vend the same for the term of fourteen years, with the right of renewal by the author, if living, for another term of fourteen years.
The third section provides the penalty for violating this copyright, viz. :- 1st. Forfeiture of every copy of the book, &c., wrongfully printed, to be destroyed, &c.; 2d. "And every such offender add offenders shall Also forfeit and pay the sum of fifty cents for every sheet which shall be found in his or their possession, either printed or printing, published, imported, or exposed to sale, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act.)
The court will observe that these provisions of this act were taken from the British statutes then in existence. The same 'term of duration, -fourteen years, with the'right of renewal for fourteen years more if the author were living. The same penalty, -forfeiture of books to be destroyed, and payment of a sum of money for every sheet found in the offender's possession. The difference in this part of the act being, that Congress uses the word Ipossession" instead of "custody," and 'fixes the penalty at fifty cents instead of threepence, thus making this act much more severe than the British statutes, as I remarked in a former part of my argument.
.,Then we come to the act*.of February 3, 1831, under which this action is brought; for it repeals the previous acts. This
act e:itends the term of copyright to twenty4ight years, with the right, of renewal for fourteen years more by the author, if living, and then, after providing the mode of securing the copyright by deposit of title-page, and giving notice by publication, the sixth section provides the penalty" which is, as in the former act, forfeiture of every copy of the book, but not to be destroyed, and "fifty cents for every sheet which may be

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

809

Backus v. Gould et al.

found in his possession, either printed or printing, published, imported, or exposed to sale, contrary to the intent of this act."
Now the court .will observe that this act of Congress was passed sixteen years after the statute 54 Geo. III.,.c. 156. And there can be no doubt that this statute was before the franiers of the act of Congress, not only from the general presumption that Congress would be acquainted with an-act of Parliament on the same subject passed sixteen years before, but from their adopting some of its provisions,- such as the extended term of
.twenty-eight years. And yet Congress carefully adheres to the old penalty, limiting it to the sheets found in the offender's possession, although they must have seen the alteration made in the British statute, and known that the effect would be to extend the penalty to all sheets printed or imported. Perhaps Congress thought the penalty of fifty cents a sheet was so large, that it ought to be limited to the sheets found in defendant's possession. Perhaps it was intended to excite the diligence of the informer to commence his action as soon as the work was published, and before it passed out of the pos-session of the publisher; or, more probably, the penalty thus limited was intended to operate as a restraint upon booksellers 'who might take the work for sale, and who would be subject
to the penalty for the sheets found in their possession. But whatever may have been the reason, the words of the act of
Congress are distinct and plain. The legislature has prescribed a certain penalty, to be meas-
ured by a standard distinctly given. The British Parliament
saw proper to alter and enlarge that penalty-for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. But the Congress of
the United States, when their attention was specially called to the subject, have refused to adopt this alteration. They have adhered to the old penalty, and the courts of the United States
will not make the alteration.
If this construction is correct, as I trust the court W¢ill agree
with us in thinking it to be, it is very evident that the instruc-
tion given by the court, and the verdict found by the jury in this case under the direction of the district judge, impose a penalty totally different from that prescribed by the law,- for
not a single sheet of this work was found to be in the possession of the defendant;' and the judgment upon it must there-
fore be reversed.

Mr. Wendell.
It is said that the penalty of fifty cents is limited to the sheets found in 'the possession of the defendant, though the counsel candidly admitted it to be difficult to discern the reason
68*

810

SUPREME COURT

Backus v.Gould et al.

of that liniitation.. He,however, suggested that it might have 'been on account of the enormous penalty which would be im-
posed in the case. of the reprint of a whole volume, and that it might have been to induce the bringing of an action forthwith, before the books had passed into the hands of innocent holders,
and thus save them from prosecution. It was also said, that,* although in the later acts, of the Parliainent of England upon the subject of copyright, the words '.sheets found in the custofly of the offender" are omitted, the- similar words contained
in our original act upon the subject are still continued in the last act of Congress; from which it was inferred, that these words contained some peculiar meaning, which, with us, was 'intended to be preserved. The answers to which suggestions
-are,-1-s:t, that the penalty will be equally enormous whether the ;action be broughtforthwith or at the end of' a year; 2d, that innocent holders of the pirated work are not exposed, for the penalty reaches .only those :vho knowingly sell; and,-3d, the change of phraseology in the acts of Parliameni shows that
these words were considered mere matter of form, as "sheets printing and printed," the only state of things to which the words could attach, are retained in the act.

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the' court.
This cause is brought here by: a writ of error to the Circuit C6urt of the United States for the Northern District of New' York.
An action of debt was brought by .Gould and Banks to recover certain penalties alleged to have been incurred by the invasion of the copyright of the plaintiffs in twelve volumes of law reports, to wit, riine'volumes of.Cowen's Reports and three of Wen'dell's, by the publication of a Digest as a supplement or third. volume of Johnson's 'Digest. The defendant pleaded nil debit.
On the trial, the plaintiffs proved themselves entitled to the copyright of the first, second, and fifth volumes of Cowen's Reports, and of the second volume of Wendell's Reports; and that from the above volumes the defendant had transferred, literally, one hundred and forty-two and a half pages; and they proved a sale by the defendant of five hundred copies of his work.
The -injury complained of consisted in copying from the above reports the marginal notes or. indexes of the reporter, and publishing them in the Digest.- From the 'first volume of Cowen's Reports forty pages were. copied, from the second volume twenty-nine, from -the fifth fifty-foar pages, and from the second volume of Wendell's Reports nineteen and a half pages

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

s11

Backus v. Gould et'aL

were copied, which included the whole of the indexes of that volume except eight and a half pages. The change in the phraseology was so great in these pages that the witness did not consider them as having*been transferred to the'Digest."
This is a qus tam action, and was brought under the sixth section of the act of 1831, entitled "An act to 'amend the several acts respecting copyrights."
Before the Circuit Court many points of law were raised, andinstructions prayed, on the facts in evidence; but as the decision will turn upon the construction of the -above section, under the ninth prayer of the defendant, the other questions will not be considered.
The defendant's counsel insisted "that the plaintiffs could only recover- fifty cents for every sheet of the matter transferred from s.id index to the first, second, and 'fifth volumes of Cowen's Reports, and the second volume of Wendell's, to the said Digest of said defendant, as had been proved to have been found in his possession, either printing or.printed,- published, or exposed for sale; and that there was no legal proof .that any such sheets of said matter had been so found in said defendant's possession, and prayed the court so to instruct the jury2'
"But the counsel for plaintiffs insisted thait they were entitled to recover fifty cents for every sheet of such matter which had been published, or procured to be published, by the defendant, whether the same were proved to have been found in the defendant's possession or not ;'and so the court decided and instructed the jury." And they -found a verdict for plaintiffs for "two thousand sixty-nine dollars and: seventy-five cents debt, and six cents costs."
The sixth section provides, that, if any person, within the term for which a copyright has been secured, shall print, publish, or import, &c., sell, or expose to sale, or cause to be published, sold, or exposed to sale, any copy of such"book, without consent in writing, such offender shall forfeit eveiy copy of such book to the person legally entitled to the6'copyright thereof; "and shall also forfeit and pay fifty cents for every such sheet which may be found in his possession, either printed or printing, published, imported, or exposed to sale, contrary to the intent of this Act ? '
This p~nalty of fifty cents on each sheet, whether printed or being printed, or published, or exposed to sale, is limited to the sheets in possession of the defendant. But under the instruction of the court, a verdict was rendered for every sheet which the defendant had published or procured to be published.
As thi§ is a penal section, it must be construed strictly.
Under it, every copy of a book published without the consent

812

SUPREME COURT.

Nesmith et al. v. Sheldon et al.

of the person having the copyright is forfeited, in addition to the penalty -offifty cents on each sheet in his possession.
The declaration seems not to have been drawn with the view

of enforcing any other penalty than that which is imposed for

eacThhsehjeuedt gfmouenndt

in of

the the

possession of Circuit Court

the

defendant.

is reversed, and the cause

remanded for further proceedings.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United -States for the Northern District of New York, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be,and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Courtr with directions to award a venire facias de
n0V0.

JONATHAN W. NESIITH AID THOMAS NESaITH, COMXPLAINANTS, V. THOMAs C. SHELDON, HORACE H COISTOcK, DAVID FRENCH, WIL-
LIAM E. PETERS, JAMIES FORTON, ATTA E. MATHER, HENRY B.
HOLBROOK, SAIUEL P. MEAD, FRANCIS E. ELDRED, PHEBE ANN DEAN , CULLEN BROWN, AND CHARLES H. STEWART, RESPONDENTS.
The legislature of Michigan passed an act on the 15th March, 1837, entitled "An act to organize and regulate banking associations,"' and on the 30th of December, 1837, an act to amend the former act. By the first, any persons were allowed to form associations for the purposes of banking upon'the terms specified in the law; and by the second, the stockholders were made liable, in their individual character, under certain circumstances, for the debts of the association. -,
The associations formed under these acts are corporations within the meaning of the constitution of Michigan, and the actb are unconstitutional and void.
The second §ection of the twelfth article of the constitution forbidding the legislature from "psssing any act of incorporation unless with the assent of at least two thirds of each house," the judgment of the legislature is required to be exercised upon the propriety of creating each particular corporation, and two thirds of each house must sanction and approve each individual charter.
The Supreme Court of the State of fichigan has so construed its constitution, and it is the established doctrine of this court, that it will adopt and follow the decisilns of t&.e State courts in the construction of their own statutes where that construction has been settled by the decision of their highest judicial tribunal.
THis case was formerly before this court, on a certificate of division in opinion between the judges of the Circuit Court for the District of Michigan. Its facts and the reasons for its dismissal will be found in 6 Howard, 41.
It now came up upon the following certificate of division in opinion.

760

-SUPREME COURT.

Massingill'et al., v. Downs.

District of Ohio, and was argued by counsel. On considera-
tion whereof, it is now fiere ordered and adjudged by this coutt, that the judgment of the said Circiit Court in his cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed,, with costs, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Court, for further proceedings to be had .therein, in conformity to the opinion of this court.

W. AND H. MAsNGL, PLMNTIFFS, 'v. A. C. DowNs; Cr. w .-·
Where ajudgment was obtained in the Circuit ,Court'of the United States for the District of Mississippi in 1839, and in 1841 the State of Mississippi passed a law, requiring judgments to be recorded in a particular way, in drder to make them alien upon'prperty, this statute did not abrogate the lien which Md been acquired under the judgment of 1839, although the, itter had not been recorded in the manner require&by t4e statute.
This case came up from the Circuit Court of the United States ko, the Southern District of Mississippi, upon a certificate of division in opinion between the judges thereof.-
The facts are fully set forth in the opinion of the court, as ,delivered by Mr. Justice McLean, to which the reader is referred.
It was argued by 'Mr. Sargent and Mr; Bell,'for the plain-' tiff, and Mr. Lawrence' and Mr. Badger, for- Downs, the claimant,
Mr. Sargent and Mr. Bell 'made the following points:.1. When this judgment was entered, it became a lien on allthe .personal and real property of Chewning, in Mississippi.Hutch. Miss. Code, 881, 282. -Brown v. Clarke, 4 How. 12; 4 Stat. at Large, 184; ib. 278; Rankin v. Scott, 12 Wheat., 177; United States v. Morrison, 4 Peters, 124; Burton v. Smith et al., 14 Fe--ers, 464' Tayloe et al. v. Thompson-, 5 Peters, 358. .2. The rules' of court,- so -far as they bie .more than declaratory of the effect of the United States process act .of1828, adopt the State _practice of November 25, 1839; they adopt nothing prospectively. 3. The' State act of 1841 .does not purport to. operate on federal *judgments. No State statute can operate ypropriovigore to affect directly, or indirectly a judgment of the federal courts. Wayman V. Southard, 10 Whet. 1; Bank of the United States v. Halstead, ib. 51.

'JANUARY TERM, 1849.

761

"Massingill et aL v. Downs.

4 There had been no adoption by Congress, or the fed-eral. courts' of Mississippi under the authority of Congress,- of the State act requiring the filing of an abstract of judgments in the county where the defendant's property -is situated, at th6 time this execution was levied.

Mr. Lawrence, for the claimant. Is the law of Mississippi as to the limitation of liens ofjudgments applicable to the judgments of the federal courts? - We contend that it is, because the lien of a judgment is something affecting property, forming no intrinsic quality of .thejudgment itself as such, but derived entirely from the sovereignty within whose jurisdiction the property affected by it is
situated. It is said that a State cannot interfere with and control the
federal courts in relation to the effect and operation of their judgments; that it would leave those courts entirely at the
mercy of the State legislatures. This is thd most plausible, if not the only, argument against
us in this case, and a slight examination will show that it is of
no real weight. We do not contend that the States can interfere with the
effect of the judgmnents of the United States courts, either in .making them less than judgments in fact .or in law, or in preventing the frction of those judgments by process of execution. Congress has, under the Constitution, the exclusive power_.to regulate the proceedings in the United States courts; and even where the fornis of process used in the States are adopted, it is, after all, but an exercise of the same power of Congress, and not a recognition of any authority over the subject by the States. Wayman v. Southard, 10 Wheat. 1.
If, therefore, a State law should enact that a judgment should bde no evidence of debt, or should abolish all writs of execution, such a law would not be applicable to the proceedings of the
federal courts, because, in the first instance, it would take away the proper intrinsic effect of the judgment itself, and manke it, in whole or in-part, no judgment; and, in the other instance, it would take from the United States courts a necessary part of
the organization of a court, hamely, the power to carry into effect its own judgments.
But the lien of a.judgment is not an intrinsic quality of the judgment itself, nor is, it any part of the process of a court for
enforcing a judgment. 1st. A judgment is in: effect what it is definea to be'in
theory "the sentence of the law given in a court of law.'; The lien of a judgment is a quality added to it, -a quality 64*

762

SUPR.EME COURT.

Massingill et al. v. Downs.

not in aiiy manner altering it as the sentence of 'the court, but

superadded to it, taking effect on property, qualifying property,

restraifiing the alienation of property; not hy an -act .ofappro-

priation and. 'sale 'under an execution, (which come under the

denomination of "proceedings," and are subsequent to the

judgment,) but is the effect of the mere existence of the judg-.

ment.

Now it is a matter of legal history, that, originally, judgments

did not-constitute any lien at all on property in England, which

proveg that the lien of a judgment was no part of the judgment

itself.

It is matter of.legal history, that even executions could not

be levied on lands in England before the Stat, of Westm. 2.

Consequently the -common law judgments could not affect real

property, either by lien or otherwise.

It is true that it has been held in England, that this statute

gave a lien on lands as a consequence- of the elegit, and. it has

been supposed that therefore a lien 'was. the consequence of

every execution.- But. this by no means follows, for it has

never been held that the right of levying an execution on per-

sofial property -hascreated a lien -on that species of proferty by

the mere rendition of the judgment, as would have been the

case if the lien resulted-from the right of execution alofie.. We

think that this consequence was peculiar to-the writ ofielegiti

which was authorized by the Stat. of Westm. a. It has never in

England been held t6 result from any other writ of execution.

Prior to 1824, judgments did not constitute a lien on property

in Mississippi.

It is only, by virtue of local law that this lien exists. It is a

-qualification of property which can only be derived from the sov-

eraignty within whose jurisdiction the property to be affected by

it is situated. That sovereignty can confer it or take it away,

or modify it when. conferred. 'That sovereignty can attach it-

to a judgment, or to a bond, or to any thing else. But wherever

and however attached, it is a regulation of property ema-

nating, not from the court, but from'the local authority. United

States v.- Crosby, 7 Cranch, '115;Wayman v. Southard, 10"

Wheat. 25; McCormick v. Sullivan, 10 Wheat. 192; United

-States v.'Morrison, 4".Pet. '136; Ross v. Duvall, - 13 Pet. 61;

Tayloe'v.Thompson, 5 Pet. 367,368; Reid v.House, 2 Humph.

576; Thompson -e. Phillips, 1 Bald. C. C. 273, 274; Man-

hattan Co. v.Evertson, 6 Paige, 466, 467 ; Con'ard v. Atlantic

Ins. Co., 1 Pet. 443.

1

Second, the lien-attached to a:judgment is not (within the

meaning of the acts of:Congires$) any part of the -"'process" of

a'court,.or of.its msodes of prodeeding. -

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

763

Massingill et aL v.-Downs.

If it is, it must be a part either of the final process, or else of the modes of proceeding to carry the judgment into effect.
In Annis v.-Smith, 16 Pet. 312, 313, this court has laid down what "process "1is, and what "modes of proceeding"1 are, as
those terms are used in the act of 1828. It is there said that "1final process" means. all the writs "of
execution then in use, and "modes of proceeding" are the exercise of all the.duties of the ministerial officers of the States prescribed by the laws of the States for the purpose of obtain-
ing the fruits of judgments. See also United States Bank v. Halstead, 10 Wheat. 61, 63.
Now a lien is certainly not a writ br precept of any kind. It is no part of the action of the court in a suit, nor is it the exercise of a ministerial duty of an officer of: the court, nor even the result of any such exercise of duty. -It is no prpceeding at all,
it implies no action at all; and the whole progress of a suit may go on now, as it did forinerly, from the original writ to the satisfaction of the judgment by a sal6 under execution, without any lien whatever. It is a mere dormanit, extrinsic quality, attached td the judgmeni not by the court, nor in the federal. courts by the power creating those courts, but by another power, taking effect not on the judgment itself, but.upon property, qualifying that property and restraining its alibnation.
But it may be said that the Circuit Court, in compliance with the law of 1828, did, in 1837, make a rule that the lien of judgments and decrees shall continue as now provided by law,
and that the Mississippi act of 1841,. now in controversy, has not been adopted.
To this we answer, that if the lien of a judgment is a regulation of property, and not a "process" or "1mode of proceed-. ing," then this rule of court can have no effect whatever. It was beyond the power of the court.
Whether or not Cbngress itself has the power to say what .shall or shall not. constitute a lien on property within a State, it is not necessary now to inquire, because we say that Congress has not attempted to do it, nor has it atlthorized the courts to attempt it.
We say, that, under the act of 1828, the Circuit Court of Mis~issippi had no' power, by adoption or- the want of adoption, to alter or continue a lien on property.
-The act of May, 1828, directed that writs of' execution and
other final process, issued' on judgments and decrees, and the proceedings thereupon, shall be the same in each State as are now used in each State. 4"Stat. at Large, 278, 279.
The third section of that act declares, that it shall, be in the power of the courts so far to alter final process in said courts 0

7A

SUP REME COURT.

Massingiil et aL v. Downs.

to conform the same to any change made by the State legisla-tures for the State courts.
The thirty-fourth section of the Judiciary Act of 1789 enacts that "the laws of the several.States, except where the Constitution, treaties, or statutes of the United States shall otherwise require or prescribe, shall be regarded as rules of decison in
trials at common law-in the courts of the United States in caseswhere they apply." 1 Stat. at Large, 92.
The power of the court, then, in this respect, is confined 'to the alteration of final process.
The case of Annis v. Smith, before referred to, (16 Pet. 312, 313,) has settled the meaning of "final process" to -be
writs of execution. The lien of a judgment not being a writ of execution; the court has no power to adopt it, under the third section of the act of 1828; and, besides, the third section obviously is confined to action in court,
Neither does the act of 1828, in the.preceding sections, adopt the lien of judgments, unless it is "final process" or a "proceeding thereupon." But the case of Annis v. Smith has settled this latter expression to mean the exercise of a ministerial duty of some officer of the court in the service of " final pro-
cess."
If this be so, then, under the thirty-fourth section of the Judiciary Act, the United States courts are bound to regard the
law of the State upon the subject of the lien of judgments. . (The'argument of M. Lawrence on the constitutionality of the Mississippi statute is omitted, the decision having turned upon the first. point.)

Of Mr; Badger's argument the reporter has no notes.

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This action was brought in the Southern District of -Mississippi, to try the right of property which had been -levied on. The plaintiffs showed @judgment of the Circuit Court, entered
the first Monday of November, 1839, for $ 3,716.43, with in-
ternst, &q., against one J. J. Chewning and others, on which an execution 'had been issued 'and "1lvied upon, certain -slaves claimed by A. C. Downs. At the time, of the levy, the property was in possession of the defendant Chewning. Downs produced. a mortgage on the' slaves, executed by said Chewning, and regularly recorded, in favor of the "Commercial Railroad Bank of Vicksburg," to show a title in 'the bank adverse to the right of the piaintiffs. This- mortgage bears date
subsequent to. that of the judgment. On these facts,.the.court-were requested by plaintiffs to charge

JANUARY.TERM, 1849.

765

Massingill et al. v. -ownns.

the jury "to disregard the mortgage, because of the paramount right of the plamtiffs-to have execution of their judgment by means of said levy, although no abstract or brief of the judgment had been recorded or enrolled in the county where the
property was situated." And on this prayer for instruction.to the jury, the opinions of the judges were opposed; and, at the request of the counsel on both sides, the point was certi-
fied to this court. By the first section of the act of Mississippi of February 6th,
1841, it is provided that -"all judgments and decrees of any circuit, district, or superior -court of law or eqtity, holden within this State, -shall operate as liens from the date of their
rendition upon the property of the debtor, being within the county in which the sitting of uch court may be holden, and not elsewhere, unless upon compliance with the conditions here'inafter enacted."
By the. second sectidn,-" That any judgment or decree heretofore rendered shall. bo -a lien from the date-of its rendition upon the property of the. debtor, situated in any other county than that in which the same was rendered, on condition that an abstract thereof, on or before the first day of July next, be filed
in the office of the Circuit Court of the county in which said property may be situate, in pursuance of the subsequent section
of this act." The third section provides, that where an abstract of a judg-
ment or decree is filed in the office of the clerk of the Circiit Court, which it is made his duty to record, it shall' be a lien on ,the property of the defendant within the counity from the time
-ofsuch filing. The judgment undbr which the levy was made was rendered
more than aye~r before the above act was passed. Prior to the act of 1824, there was 'no statutory lien of a
judgment in Mississippi. A lien was created in that State, as - in England, by the delivery of the execution to the sheriff.
The Stat. of Westm. 2, or 13 Ed. I., ch. 18, gave the elegit whiph subjected rel estate to the paym4eht of debts, and this, as a consequence, it has always been held, gave a -lien on-4hp lands of the "udgment debtor. 3 Salk. 212; 1 Wils, 39.
"1There is no statute in Virginia which, in eipress terms, makes a judgment a lien upon the lands of the, dobtor. As in England, the lien is the consequence of a:°'fht to take out an elegit." -United States v. Morrison, 4 i" t. 136, And in The Bank of the United States v. Wooster, 2 Brock. 252, the chief
justice says, ,1The- lien depends oet, the right to sue out an elegit."
The saine -doctrine was held'by. the Supreme Court of In-'

-66

SUPREME COURT

Massingill et aL v. Downs.

diana before the act of 1818 of that State, which gave a lien on the real estate of the defendant by the judgment. Ridge v. Prather, l'Blackf. 401.
In North Carolina, the lien on lands is created by the deliver' of the execution to the sheriff, there being no statute inthat State on the subject. And in other States of the Union,- the
same principle has been long established. Now in: all these cases the lien arises from. the power to issue
process to subject real 'estate to the payment of the judg*ment, either by an extension or sale. In Maryland, this rule has lieen extended by long usage, so that a lien is created by the judgment without execution. Taylbe v. Thompson, 5
Peters, 369. 1The Circuit Courts of the United States exercise jurisdiction
coextensive with their respective districts. And it has never been supposed, that, by the process act of 19th February, 1828, which adopted the process and modes of proceeding of the State courts, the jurisdiction of the Circuit Courts was restricted. The "process and modes of proceeding." in the .-State were adopted by Congress in reference to the jurisdiction of the Circuit Courts, and not with the view of limiting the ju-
risdiction. of those courts. In those States wheie the judgment on the execution of a.
State court creates a lien only within the county in'which the judgment is entered, it has not been doubted that a similar proceeding in the Circufit Court of the United States would create a lien to the extent of its jurisdiction. This has been the practical construction of the power of the courts of the United States, whether the lien was held to be created by the issuing .of process or by express'statute. Any other construction would materially affect, and in some degree subvert, the judicial power of the Union. It would place suitors in. the State courts in a much better condition than in the federal
courts. That by-the course of practice in Mississippi the lien of a
judgment in the Circuit Court extended throughout the district, prior to the act of 1841, is not controverted. And the question is,whether that act can impair or affect in any respect a judgment rendered in the federal court before its passage. The point certified does not require us to consider whether the law can operate on judgment liens entered subsequent-'to its date. The plaintiffs in the above judgment acquired a right under the authority of the United States, and that right may be protected from any judgment of the Supreme Court of the State which shall impair it,.under the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary
Act

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

767

Mass.ingill et aL v. Downs.

It is contended that the lien in Mississippi exists by the statute of the State, and that under the thirty-fourth section of the Judiciary Act of 1789, it isa rule of property, and that it is consequently a rule of decision for the courts of the United
States, and that' the process act of 1828 has no bearing upon the question,.
The above section provides that "the laws of the several States, except where the Constitution, treaties, or statutes of the United States shall otherwise require or provide, shall be regarded as rules of decisions in trials at common law, in the ,courts of the United States, in cases where they apply."
No State statute is of more frequent application in thefederal courts than the above section; and it has often been held that the settled construdtion of a State. statute by its
supreme court is considered as a part of the statute. And the statute, as thus expounded, is regarded as a rule of-decision in the courts of the United States where it applies, "except where the Constitution or acts of Congress otherwise
provide." The thirty-fourth section has never been considered as an
act to regulate process. And it is argued that a statutory lien, being a rule of property, is applied to judgments in the Circuit Courts, under this section, without being influenced, in any degree, by the process act.
We. have seen that, where there is no statutory lien, it is created by issuing and delivering to the sheriff an execution, which authorizes the sale or extension of the real ebtate of
the defendant. In those States, it is the process authorized by the judgment which creates the lien; and in such cases we necessarily look to the nature of.the process, and the extent of its opfration, to determine the lien.' It must. act upon the land of the defendant, and consequently the land must. lie within the jurisdiction of the court.
What is a judgment lien? In the argument, it was compared to a mortgage. "A mortgage is often called a lien for a debt, but it is something more. It is a transfer of the property itself as security for the debt.. This is true in law and in equity." Conard v. The Atlantic Insurance Company, 1 .Peters, 441. A judgment lien on land constitutes no property or right in the land itself. "It only confers a right to levy on the same, to the exclusion of'other adverse interests subsequent to the judgment; and when the levy is actually made
on the same, .the title· of the creditor for this purpose relates back to the time of the judgment, to cut out intermediate encumbrances." Subject to this charge, the defendant may
convey the land.'· "A judgment creditor has no jus in re,.but

768

SUPREME COURT.

Massingill et'aL v. Diowns.

a mere power.to make his general lien effectual, by following up the-steps of the law." What law? - The law which authorizes the judgment, and the issuing of the process through which means the judgmertit may be satisfied. A failure to'do this'releases the charge on the' property. lb.
The' lien,, if not an effect of .the judgment, is hiseparably connected with it. 'And this is the case, whether the lien was created-by the judgment and execution, or. by statute. And. in edither case, where the right has attached in the courts of the United States, a State has no power, b legislation or otherwise, to modify or impair it. Retrospective. laws of a remedial character may be pssed; but no legislative act can change the rights and liabilities of parties, which have been,
established by a solemn judgment. This court therefore direct, that it be certified to the Circuit
Court, that the right of lien claimed 'by the plaintiffs under the' judgment is paramount to that of the defendant claimed under the mortgage.

Order.
This cause came on, to be -.heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit' Court' of 'the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi; and on the point or question on which the judges of the said Circuit Court were opposed in opinion, and which was.certified to this court for its opinion, agreeably to the act of C6ngress in such case.made -and provided, and was argued by counsel. On consideration-whereof, it is the opinion of this court, that the right of lien claimed by the plaintiffs under the judgment is paramount to that of the defendant' claimed under the mortgage; whereupon it is novt here ordered and adjudged by this court, that it be so certified to the said Circuit Court.

132

SUPREME COURT.

Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.

exercised by him, upon his own opinion of certain facts, it is a sound rule of construction that the statutes constitute him the sole and exclusive judge of the existence of these-facts." "Every public officer is presumed to act in obedience to his duty, until the contrary is shown."
Under these. established principles and precedents, it will be seen that the rulings below must be held erroneous whenever the court departed from them, and required the defendant, as" on several occasions, to go, forward, and in the first- instance to prove details rebutting any error or excess.
As, for illustration, to prove in the outset facts showing a necessity to detain the plaintiff, before the latter had offered any evidenc6 it was done from malice or without cause; or to prove that the prison on shore. *ias safer and more'suitable for the plaintiff's confinement than the vessels, under the peculiar circumstances then existing, until the plaintiff. had first shown that no discretion existed in the defendant to place him there, or that he did-it mald fide, or for purposes of cruelty and oppression; or to prove ti at the punishihent inflicted was not-,immoderate, and not unceasonable, when it is admitted to have
been within the limits of his discrjetion, as confided to him by the articles for the government of the navy. On the contrary, as has been shown, all his acts within the limits of the discretion given to him are to be regarded as rima facie right till
the opposite party disprove this presumption. The judgment below must therefore be reversed, and a
venire de nova awarded, and the new trial be governed by the principles here decided.

HUGH M. PATTON, ADMINISTRATOR, AND HUGH M. PATTON AND OTHERS, HEIRS or ROBERT PATTON, DECEASED, APPELLANTS, V.
JAMES TAYLOR, ADMINISTRATOR, AND JAiiES TAYLOR, JOHN W. TIBBATTS AND ANN W. HIS WIFE, GEORGE T. WILLIAMSON AND JANE M. HIS WIFE, AND HORATIO T. HARRIS AND KETURAH L.
HIS WIE, HEIRS (OFJAMES TAYLOR, DECEASED.
A bill in chancery filed by the purchaser-of land against his vendor, to restrain the collection of the pnrchase-monev, upon the two grdunds of want of title in the vendor and his subsequent insol ency, without charging fraud or misrepresentation, cannot be sustained.
Belief wi!tnot be given on the ground of fraud, unless it be made a distinct allegation in the bill, so that it may be put in issue in the pleadings.
It was error in the court below to reject the testimony of an attorney upon the ground of his being security for costs, when the party for whom he was security had already obtained a judgment against his adversary, and also upon the ground of his being intei~ested when he held certain notes only. for the purpose of paylAg .the money over to his clients, when recovered.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

133

Patton et al v. Taylor et al.

THIS' was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Kentucky, sitting as a court of
equity. Patton was a citizen of Virginia, and Taylor of Kentucky.
On the 30th of January, 1818, Taylor aldressed a letter; dated Frankfort, Kentucky, to Patton, in Virginia, in which he gave an account of certain other lands, and then proceeded as
follows: "I shall go from this to Lexington, to the court which com-
mences this week, and do what I think right. I think your price too high for your land for me to make much, if any, profit from it; but must conclude to take it at five thousand dollars, for the two tracts of 1000 acres each, payable- one half in one year from the time you send me the deed, and the other half in two years from thht time; I mean the two tracts entered and
surveyed in the name of Thos. Gaskins; it appears to have been patented in.the name of Hicks & Campbell; you can have the deed made out, as I suppose you have the patents, and I suppose the chain of title, which it will be necessaiy to forward, also to be recorded here, if it is not done; I shall expect a general warranty deed, expressing more or less as. to the mode of authenticating the deed; our mutual friend, Col.
Mercer, can give you information if you should be at loss, as he has conveyed to me several times. The land lies in the Vir-
ginia military district, and in the county of Hopkins. I presume you will have no objection to making the conveyance, and' taking my bonds; and indeed this shall oblige me to consider the contract binding on me, as above stated, on receiving the deed as aforesaid for the said land, payable as aforesaid.
"If you want any security, or.a mortgage, say so." The letter then proceeded to speak of other matters. It may be proper to remark, that it was contended in the argument,
that, in transcribing and printing, an error had occurred in the punctuation. The words "if it is not done", belonged, it was said, to the words which follow them, viz. "I shall expect," &c., which, it was argued, would materially change-
the meaning. On the 13th of July, 1818, Patton replied, by a letter from
which the following is an extract : -

"Fredericksburgi.13th July, 1818.

"GEN. JAMYs TAYLOR : -

"Dear Sir, - I am favored with yours bf the 22d of June,

and not less surprised than you seem td be about the 2,000

acres of land, in name of Thomas Gaskins, offered you, the

17th of March last year, at 15s. peIr acre; and, in yours of -the

VOL. VII.

12

134

SUPREME COURT.

Patton et al. v. Taylor e t al.

5th of July, vou advise me to take $ 4,000, as the lands in that
quarter were generally of an inferior quality, and could not rise in value.- In that month I wrote to you that I would not take less than 15s. per acre; to this letter, though one was requested, I never had any reply, nor did you ever say you would accept, my offer, until the 30th of January, six months after the last offer was made, for the letter of the 18th of December was only putting you in mind of the offer made in July. This letter, will candidly acknowledge, I did not remember having written, not having kept any copy. There is something in the
extended delay of your answer which I do not like, nor do I think it right; but I am anxious to avoid all misunderstanding, and, during my whole life, have never stood on trifles. You may, therefore, have the laud at 17s. per acre, one half payable in twelve months from the time my offer was renewed, and the
remainder twelve months afterwards. Your own bonds will be considered as sufficient security for the amount. By this decision I am placed in an awkward situation with the young man with whom I made a conditional contract, and who has not, as I am informed of, returned from that county.
"The land patents are in the name of Thomas Gaskins, for whose services the land was rendered, were by him conveyed to William Forbes, and by him to Hicks & Campbell, of whom I received and will give you a deed, with a warranty, as soon as you reply to this letter. I hope Willis's representatives will not buy, and you are at liberty to take any lot you think best, but I will not take 15s. for any part of it."

On the 3d of September, 1818, Patton and wife executed a deed in fee simple to Taylor for the land in question, with a covenant for further assurances and-a general warranty.
The bonds for the purchase-money appear to have been previously executed, and were as follows, viz.: -

"I, James Taylor, of the county of Campbell, and State of

Kentucky, do oblige myself, my heirs and administrators, to

pay to Robert Patton, of the town of Fredericksburg, and State
of Virginia, the. sumn of $ 2,500, in current money, on the 20th

day of January, 1819, as witness my hand and seal, this 5th

day of August, 1818.

Jmias TAYLOR.

"Witness: PrnLIP H. JONES."

On which there were the following receipts, to wit:

Receiptfor $ 600.

"July 1st, 1817, received from James Taylor the sum of six

hundred dollars of the within.

HUGH M. PATTON."

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

Patton et aL v. Taylor et -i.

"By direction of Hugh M. Patton, agent of Robert.Patton,

the within note is credited with $ 450, as due January 30,

1819; and I this day received from James Taylor three hundred

and seventy-three and eighty-two hundredths dollars, Novem-

ber 19, 1819.

T. F. TALBOTT,

$373 .

Attorney for Robert Patton."

"I, James Taylor, of the county of Campbell, and State of Kentucky, do oblige myself, my heirs and administrators, to pay Robert Patton, his heirs or assigns, of the town of Freder-
icksburg, and State of Virginia, the sum of $ 2,500, in current
money, on the 30th January, 1820, as witness my hand and seal, this 1st day of July, 1818.
"JAMs TAYLoR. [sEAL.]"

On which there was the following assignment, to wit -

Assignment.

"For value received, I assign the within bond to Theo. F.

Talbott.

ROBERT PATTON,

By H. M. Patton,his Att'y in fact.

"July 1st, 1819."

In May, 1819, Hugh M. Patton, the son and agent of Robert Patton, went to Kentucky, and there executed'the assignment above mentioned to Talbott, as security for a debt due by Robert Patton, and for the collection of which Talbott was the
attorney. On the 23d of October, 1819, Taylor addressed to Patton the
following letter: -

"Newport, October 23d, I819.
"Sir, -At the time you forwarded me the deed for the land I bought of you in the county of Hopkins, patented to Thos. Gaskins, you sent me nothing to show how the title had passed to you. The land is listed on the auditor's books for taxes in the name of Thomas Southcombe, and for a number of years
I have paid the taxes in his name for you. When your son, Hugh M. Patton, your agent, was here, I inquired of him how you derived your title from Southcombe, and whether he had a regular conveyance from Gaskins. He told me that you had
some kind of transfer from Southcombe for all his debts, lands,
&c., but did not seem to know much about it, but promised me, immediately on his getting home, to inform you of my uneasiness and doubts whether the chain -of title was perfect, and to notify me, and indeed to request of you: to send me a copy of the different conveyances, or, if they were in this county, to inform ma where they could be found. I have not

136

SUPREME COURT.

Patton e-t a]. v. Taylor et al.

had a line fiom either 'ofyou since his return. I also consider

myself very badly treated on another score. Your 'son had

drawn a bill for $ 300, in favor of Talbott, of Lexington, on

which he procured Mr. Talbott to be indorser; and, to indem-

nify him for' doing so, he had lodged with him my bond to

you for the first payment of the said land. Your son wished

to get the bond released, and requested of me to give Mr.

Talbott a guarantee that the bill should be duly honored.

This I did not hesitate to do. A few weeks ago I received a

notification from the F. and M. Bank of Lexington, that the

bill, although accepted by you, had been returned to the bank

protested for non-payment; and I am called on by Mr. Talbott

to take up the bill, and relieve him. I made every exertion in

my power, when your son was here, to aid him in discharging

a debt due here, which was in the hands of Mr. Talbott for

collection, and was largely in advance for your taxes in this

State and Ohio. The times, as to a good circulating medium,

are truly embarrassing; but, had I been sure the title to the

land sold me had been secure, I could have made sales to have

met the payments, or nearly so; but I have been deterred from

selling one acre, although offered the specie funds for a con-

siderable purchase. Taking the whole transaction together, I

must confess it is not such 'as I expected from Mr. Robert

Patton 6f Fredericksburg. If there lfad been any little defect

in the title to this land, which can bed removed, and-I had been

notified of it and had it explained, I should not have been dis-

posed to. throw difficulties in the way, if there was a prospect

to have any difficulty removed. When I go up, I shall have

the records examined, and, if no chain of title can be found, I

shall refuse to pay any more money iill these difficulties are

removed. I am sure you cannot think I am acting incorrectly

in the course I am about to pursue. I am, Sir, your obedient

servant,

J&is TAYLOR.

" ROBERT' PATT0N, EsQ."

On the 29th of February, 1820, Taylor addressed to Patton the fo]lo ving letter: -
" Washington City, February29,180.

"ROBERT PATTON, EsQ. :,"Sir : - I wrote you from Newport, Ky., last fall, requesting
information whether the conveyances had been regular from the original patentee, Thos. Gaskins, for the two thousand acres of land. sold me by you, lying in Hopkins county, on
the waters of Pogue's Creek, and which I understood you purchased of Thos. Southcombe, to wthich letter I am without an answer, and at which I confess I am much surprised. I ex-

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

137

Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.

amined the records at Frankfort, Ky., and it appears to me the

conveyances are regular down to Southcombe; and, if you

have a proper conveyance from him (Southcombe), all will be

right, I thiuk. I assure you I wish you and myself to arrange

our bhsiness in the most amicable manner; but you must bo

sensible into what difficulties I was thrown by not receiving

the wished-for information, -which was promised me by your

son and agent, Hugh M. Patton, Esq, and then. requested of

you in my letter aforesaid, addressed to you specially on the

subject, and particularly, when I was compelled to take up

your said son's. bill for 300 and odd dollars, which I had, at

the request of your said son, guaranteed should be paid by

you, which you. failed to do, and which I had to pay, to ex-

onerate Theo. F. Talbott, in the F. and M. Bank of Lexington.

.The true state of this business I did not understand till after

I had paid the bill, and I do not think said Talbott treated

either yourself or myself with fairness; as he afterwards

informed me he was authorized to redraw,- but which he told

me he had no idea of doing, to make himself responsible.

Under all these enibarrassments, I informed you I could not

think of selling the land, until I'was assured the legal title was

in you before you sold to me. Will you be good enough to

give my agent, Philip H. Jones, the necessary information,

and, if you have them, the proper conveyance from Thos.

Southcombe to you for the said tract of land; and, if not, to

send me the document, or an autienticated- copy of -it, under

-which you claim the said tract of land. I am, very respect-

fully, Sir, your obedient servant,

JAMEs TAYLOL"

On the 20th of June, 1820, Patton addressed the following letter to Taylor, which closed the correspondence: -

"Fredericksburg, 20th June, 1820.
"GEN. JAMwes TAYLOR :"Dear Sir, - Hearing of.your being in Washington in the
spring, and calculating on a certainty of seeing you in this place, I was greatly disappointed at not having had some con-
versation with You during your stay, or previous to your departure from the city. By a letter just received from Mr. Talbott, covering a duplicate of. one of yours to him of the 1st instant, wherein you say you will resist the payment of the
bonds assigned Talbott by my son, when in Kentucky. This information has surprised and astonished me much.. And surely, my dear Sir, you will not persist in this course, but, on
mature consideration, pay the amount. When I sold you these 2,000 acres of land, Southcombe had long been 'dead;
hence, as his agent, which you know I was, I could not make 12*

138

SUPREME COURT.

Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.

a deed as such, buf I did what you required. I made you a deed in my own name, with a general -warranty, and no objection was made to this conveyance -until the' money was required. I sent you the original patents by Murdock Cooper, of your State, and I now subjoin a short history of this land.
Your 2,000 acres, together with 1,500 more, were granted Col. Gaskins for military services, by him sold to William Forbes, by Forbes sold to Robert Campbell, of Richmond, (once Hicks & Campbell,) and by Robert Campbell and Anni his wife, conveyed to Thomas Southcombe; which last deed is in my possession. All Southcombe's matters have been settled long ago, when this-land was rated at- $2, and paid for by me. And there is not a human being has a shadow of claim to this land but myself; and I have secured it t.o you by my conveyance. We have long been acquainted; we have long been friends. You have acted as my agent much to my -satisfaction; and I ever reposed the fullest confidbnce in your honor and integrity. Under these circumstances, it would give me great pain if any misunderstanding should arise between us; and I cannot help thinking that, on due consideration, you will change your course, and pay the bonds assigned Talbott, which was done under very peculiar circumstances, and may have placed that gentleman in a- very disagreeable situation .respecting them. I am, dear Sir, your most obedient servant,
ROBERT PATTON."

On the 7th of July, 1820, Patton brought a suit against Taylor upon the bonds, in the Circuit Court of the United States for Kentucky, and, at November term, 1820, obtained judgment by default.
At the same term, viz. November, 1820, Taylor filed his bill on the equity side of the court, reciting the purchase and
continuing thus "And at the time of the purchase aforesaid, and the execu-
tion of the said promissory notes, your orator entertained no doubt that the said Patton had a good title to the said land, and was enabled to convey the same to your orator; but now, so it is, may it please your honors, your orator has since discovered that the said Patton has no title for the said land from the said Southcombe, who is dead, and whose heirs are unknown to your orator. That the said Patton has nevertheless coinmenced actions on the said notes, on the common law side of this court. And your orator, being unable to make defence at law, the said Patton has recovered judgments on the said notes. Your orator annexes hereto, as a part of this bill, a letter from the -said Patton, acknowledging his defective title to

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

139

Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.

the said land. That your orator has already made sundry payments on account of said notes. And he apprehends that the said Patton will proceed to enforce payment of the residue, unless prevented by the interposition of this honorable court, which would be contrary to equity. In tender consideration whereof," &c., &c.
The bill then prayed for an injunction, which was granted. In December, 1822, Patton filed his answer, admitting he had no legal title to *theland, but insisting that he'had bought it from Southcombe, and paid him for it on a final settlement
of their affairs; that he had a power of attorney from Southcombe to sell it, which he did not act upon, owing to Southcombe's death; that he-took possession of the land more than twenty years past. paid the taxes regularly, till he sold to Taylor, who entered and has held the possession evdr since, and has. sold part of the land; that Taylor was for years his agent to pay taxes on his lands in Kentucky, knew his titles generally, and particularly the defect of the title to this land, and bought relying upon his warranty; and that the posses:ion under him prevented arny reasonable apprehension from
adverse claims. The answer further alleged, that, hbving received a paymeint of part of the first note on the 1st of July, 1819, the defendant thereupon, with the consent and in the presence of Taylor, assigned the notes to T. F. Talbott, to be
applied in payment of a debt held by Witherspoon, and relies that the assignment prevents a cancelment of the notes.
At the .May term, 1823, Taylor filed an amended billi charging that the purchase was by letter; that Patton'had become insolvent, having been at the time of -sale a man of wealth; and eihibiting copies of three letters addressed by
him to Patton of the 30th January, 1818, 23d October, 1819, and 29th February, 1820, and calling upon Patton to produce the originals or to admit the copies to be correct, and to show what evidence he had of a conveyance from Southcombe.
Robert Patton having died, Taylor, in November, 1829, filed a bill of revivor against Hugh M. Patton and others, his children and heirs at law, alleging that their ancestor died insolvent and intestate, and that no administration had been granted upon his estate.
The heirs of Robert Patton 'answered in July, 1844, and stated that they knew nothing of the contract between Taylor and their father; and that they adopted the answer of the latter. Hugh M. Patton stated, that, as the agent of his father,
he went to Kentucky to pay off a decree, which had been obtained by Bledsoe's heirs, and assigned to Talbott, an attorney at law, in satisfaction of a debt to Witherspoon and Muirhead;

SUPREME COURT.

Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.

that he received from Taylor $ 600 on the first note, and then drew upon him, in favor of Talbott, a draft, which he
would not adcept; and that he afterwards assigned the notes to Talbott, without having heard of any objection by Taylor to the title of the land. And In conclusion, the heirs all say
that they cannot exhibit the originals of the letters shown by Taylor; nor have they any testimony, written or other, to show
in what mainer their father derived his title from Southeombe, other than he states in his answer.
In November, 1844, Hugh M. Patton appeared in the suit as
administrator of his father, and adopted the answer already filed as his response in that character.
In May, 1845, the'cause came on for hearing, a general replication having been filed.
On-the opening of the cause, the complainant moved the court to reject. and, suppress the deposition of Theodore F. Tilbott, taken and filed on the part of the. defendants, and when it was offered on their part for proof, objected to its being
read, on the ground that the witness was, when he depased, interested in the event of the suit against him, the com-
plainant, and with the defendants; and, for proof of his ground of objection, relied on the matter stated by thp witness himself, in his deposition, and read the bond of the witness, as the surety of the defendants' intestate and ancestor, for costs, in his action at law against the complainant, wherein the judgment herein enjoined was recovered by default; afid also read the assignment to the witness of one of the promissory notes of the complainant' the one payable on the 30th of January, 1820, on which the judgment enjoined was rendered 'inthese
words:--

"For value received, I assign the within note to Theodore

F. Talbott.

ROBERT PATTON,-

By HUGH. M. PATToN, his attorney in fact.

"July 1st, 1819."

But the decision of the matter not havig been insisted on, it was reserved for discussion, with the merits of the cause.Whereupon, the complainant read the depositions of Matthew
T. Scott, Pattersoi Bayne, and.James E. Davis, for. proof that the witness was not credible, in case of the decision of the-
court that he is competent to testify.' Whereupon the cause progressed, and this matter having been therein fully discussed, and the court now sufficiently advised thereof, it seems to the court that the deposition of Talbott, on the grounds of objec-

tions by the comp ninant, and because the matters stated as' facts by the -itness, neither of themselves, nor in connection

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

141

Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.

with the other proofs, are in any way material in the cause, ought to be rejected and disregarded. But in order that, on
any revision of the decree which shall be rendered, the defendants may have the benefit of the matters stated in the deposition, if worth to them any thing, and the witness is competent, whilst the complainant has the benefit of his objections to the competency of the witness, or of his proofs to establish that he is not credible, the depositions-are all allowed and read, subject to the above 'objections, and so retained in the record, to be re-
spectively good for what they are worth, or held for naught, according to the law of the case.
On the 13th of May, 1845, the Circuit Court decreed a per-
petual injunction against Patton, rescinded the sale and conveyance of the land, and gave directions for placing the parties in
the condition they were in at the -time of the contract. From this decree the heirs of Patton appealed to this court.

The cause was argued by Mr. A. I. Lawrence and . s.
Morehead,with whom was Mr. Badger,for the appellants, and by Mr. Loughborough and Mr. Underwood, with whom was Mr. Ewing, for the appellees.

The argument on the part of the appellants was as follows: -
This is a bill for the rescission of an executed contract for the sale of land, on the, ground of defect of title and the insolvency of the vendor. No mistake, no fraud, no misrepresenta-
tion being set forth 6s the grounds of equitable interference; but the facts that the complainant had received a defective title with warranty, not knowing of the defect, and that the warrantor had since become insolvent, are relied on as the reasons
for the interposition of a court of equity. I. The first position which the counsel for the plaintiffs in
error take is, that there are not set forth in the original and amended bill sufficient legal grounds to rescind an executed
contract; and that, if every allegation therein had been admitted by the defendant, the court could not properly have decreed
according to the prayer of the complainant. I. The second position is, that the important allegations in
the bill, though they should in themselves be deemed sufficient in law, have neither been admitted nor sustained by proof.
The first proposition, then, is, that there are not sufficient grounds set forth in the bill and its amendment for the rescission of an executed contract, even if all the allegations had been
admitted in the answer. What are those allegations? Why, that the complainant.
Taylor, purchased from Patton, the defendant, 2,000 acres of

142

SUPREME COURT.

Patton *ital. v. Taylor et al.

'land for $ 51000, for which he gave two several promissory
notes. That Patton executed a conveyance to complainant for said land, with a covenant of general warranty. - That at the time of said purchase, complainant "entertainea no doubt that the said Patton had a good title to the said land." That complainant has since discovered that the said Patton has no title to the said land, and that defendant has nevertheless commenc-
ed actions on the said notes; and that, at the time of said purchase, defendant was supposed to be a man of opulence, but has since become insolvent. This embraces every material averment of the bill and amendment. A purchase, conveyance with general warranty, defect of title, ignorance on the part of the vendee of such defect, and the insolvency of the vendor, compose the gravamen of the complainant's allegations. There is no charge, either technically or substantially, of fraud, artifice, misrepresentation, or circumvention of any sort, actual or constructive.
In discussing the legal sufficiency of this bill, we leave out of view all of the cases cited in the printed brief on the other side, in which misrepresentation, or fraudulent concealment, or fraud of any kind, formed an element. For the present we take the bill as it is.
The decisions (and we quote, more especially, those in Kentucky) may be reduced to the following heads, as to the rescission of contracts in the absence of fraud: -
1st. Where the contract is executory, the vendee may, under circumstances, obtain a rescission, if the vendor has no title. Miller v. Long,. 3 Marsh. 326; Cummins v. -Boyle, 1 J. J. Marsh. 481; Gale v. Conn, 3 J. J. Marsh. 540; Payne v. Cabell, 7 Monr. 202; Waggener v. Waggener, 3 Monr. 556.
2d. Where the contract is executed by conveyance, with warranty of title, there can be no rescission in any case that has not been tainted by fraud. Simpson v. Hawkins, 1 Dana, 305; 1 J. J. Marsh. 481; Gale v. Conn, 3 J. J. Marsh. 540; Wiley v. Fitzpatrick, 3 J. J. Marsh. 583; Campbell v. Whittingham, .5 J. J. Marsh. 100; 7 Monr. 202; Thompson v. Jackson, 3 Rand. 504.
3d. There is no relief in equity, by injunction or otherwise, where the contract has been executed by conveyance with warranty, and the vendee let into possession, unless the warranty has been broken, and an eviction taken place. Simpson v. Hawkins, .1 Dana, 305, 328; Rawlins v. Timberlake, 6 Monr. 232; Taylor v. Lyon, 2 Dana, 278; Luckett v. Triplett's Adm'r, 2 B. Monr. 403 Bumpns v. Platner, 1 Johns. Ch. 218; Abbot v. Allen, 2 Johns. Ch. 523; Edwards v. Morris, 1 Ohio, 532.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

143

Patton et al. v, Taylor et al.

4th. There may be relief in equity of some sort, as by ar-
resting the payment of the purchase-money, or a part thereof, in case of eviction and the insolvency of the warrantor, or the
appropriation of the purchase-money to remove an incunbrance: where the warrahtor is insolvent and unable to remove it, but not a rescission of the contract. Morrison's Adm'r v. Beckwith, 4 Monr. 76; Rawlins v. Timberlake, 6 Mour. 232; Simpson v. Hawkins, 1 Dana, 305; 2 Dana, 278, 279; 2 B. Monr. 40.
5th. Possession taken generally amounts to a waiver of the ordinary equitable right of objection to the title. Calcraft v. Roebuck, 1 Yes. jr. 226; Burrough v. Oakley, 3 Swanst. 168;. Fleetwood v. Green, 15 Yes. jr. 594; Margravine v. Noel, 1 Mad. 316; Burnell v. Brown, 1 Jac. & Walk. 173; Flyder v. Cocker, 12 Yes. jr. 26.
II. But suppose we are wrong in this view of the case, still it is contended that the essential allegations in the -bill have neither been admitted nor proved; or, in other words, that, upon the pleadings and proof, the complainant was not entitled to the relief sought.
A preliminary inquiry of importance arises as to the admissibility and effect of the letters contained in the record.
The only letters alleged to have passed between Patton and Taylor, which have been so proved as to make them legal evidence against the defendant, are those marked A and B, on pages 32 and 33 of the record. The letter in Patton's name, which is made an exhibit in the case, and is found on page 4 of the record, is not proved to have been written by Patton; and the letters from Taylor, alleged copies of which are filed as exhibits with the amended bill, and are found on- pages 8, 9, 10, and 11 of the record, are not proved either to have been written or received. They are, consequently, not evidence in the case. They are not admitted ii the answer to the amended bill, and are consepuently denied, and are no proof against the defendant, though (being allegations of the complainant) they are evidence in his favor. 2 Dan. Ch. Pr. 974- 976 i
Young v. Grundy, 6 Cranch, 51. If we are right in this, then the complainant's case is stripped
of every vestige of support from evidence as to the essential allegations of the bill.
But we go further, and assert, that if these letters were all proved, as alleged, the case of the complainant would not bq materially changed.
How would the case then stand upon the pleadings and proof? The vital allegation in the bill is, that, at the time of the purchase, complainant "entertained no doubt that Patton

SUPREME COURT.
Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.
had a good title to s'aid land," but has since discovered that he had none, &c. (Record, p. 3.)
The answer (p. 6) denies the allegation of ignorance of the defect on the part of the complainant, and avers, on the .contrary, that he was his (Patton's) agent for many years; well knew the nature of his titles in general, and well knew the title
to these 2,000 acres in particular; and was well apprised of the defective link in the chain of title thereto; and accepted a deed with general warranty, relying on the warranty, &c.
Here, then, the parties are at issue. The complainant al-. leges that he was ignoiant of any defect in the defendant's title, and the defendant positively denies that allegation. Has the complainant proved it, even admitting all the letters in the record to be properly in the case ? We think that not only has he failed to prove the allegation, but that the evidence in the case fully sustains the denial.
There is not one scintilla of direct evidence that the complainant made this puichase in ignorance of the title. And the only indirect or circumstantial evidence of that fact is, th general presumption that a man would not buy a defective title, knowing it to be so, and the literal construction of a letter of the 13th July, 1818. -(Record, p. 32.)
That letter is not (like the others) an exhibit in the case, but is introduced on proof of handwriting. It is relied on in the brief on the other side as the main prop of the complainant's case. An interpretation is given to it entirely different -from that which we shall hereafter show properly belongs to it; but take it as the other side understand it, and does it support the allegation in the bill, that Taylor was ignorant .of the state of Patton's title? What is their interpretation of it ? Why, they make it amount to a misrepresentation by Patton to Taylor respecting the title; they make it amount to an assertion that he (Patton) had a conveyance of the land to himself. Now, suppose the letter does amount to a misrepresentation of the title (which we deny), does that prove Taylor's ignorance of the real state of the title at the tine of the purchase ? We think not, for tvwo reasons -
1st. That there is no logical or legal connection between the falsehood of one party and the belief of the other party in that falsehood. It is a non sequitur, as well in law as in morals, that a man must be ignorant of the truth because another man has uttered an untruth in his presence.
2d. '1ecause this letter was written six mo4ths after the time when the bargain was concluded by the acceptance of Patton's previous offer.
The amended bill alleges (Record, p, 8) that the complainant

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.

agreed to the purch e by a letter dated 30th January, 1818,

and exhibits a copy of the letter; and yet the brief on the other

side asserts that it was the letter of the 13th of July, 1818,

*ihich induced Taylor to make the purchase, which Taylor

himself says he had made by letter the January previous, and

produces the letter to prove it.

It is manifest, then, that the complainant has utterly failed.

to prove the most important allegation in his bill.

Having thus shown that the complainant's case, as set forth

in his bill, is not sufficient in law for the rescission of ati exe-

cuted contract, and that, if it were, 4t is not supported by requi-

site proof, we would now ask the attention of the court to a

position taken by the other side, in the printed brief, though

not disclosed by the pleadifigs.

It is, that the proof presents a clear case of actual fraud, such

as courts of equity have always recognized as sufficient in it-

self for the setting aside of any contract.

To this view of the case .wehave several answers, either of

which in itself would be sufficient: -

1st. Fraud is not alleged in the bill,- either formally or in

substance; and, consequently, if it should be proved, cannot be

made the ground .of a decree. It should have been put in issue

by the pleadings. Vattier v. Hinde, 7 Pet. 282; Boone v.

Chiles, 10 Pet. 177; Bein v. Heath, 6 How. 241; also, 3 Rand.

507; 5 Johns. Oh. 82, 83; 11 Yes. 239.

2d. There is nothing proved which is a sufficient ground for

the cancelling of an executed contract, even admitting all the

letters to. be properly in the case.

We take the law as it is laid down by this court in Smith v.

Richards, 3 Pet. 36, adopting the views of Justice Story in 1

Eq. Jur., §§ 200, 202. That a misrepresentation, in order to

constitute a fraud relievable in equtty, must be-of something

material, constituting an inducem6nt or motive .to the act or

omission of the other, and by which he is actually misled .to

his injury; and it must be of .something in which the other

party places a known trust and confidence in the,other, and

not equally open to both parties for examination and inquiry.

Let us apply this doctrine to the facts in this case.

The only representation of any sort, as to title on the part

of Patton, to be found in the whole record, is the letter of July

13th, 1818.

In this letter Patton says: -" The land patents are in the

name of Thos. Gaskins, for whose services the land was ren-

dered, were by him

to Wm.Forbes, and by him to

Hicks & Campbell, of whom I received, and will give you a-

deed, With a warranty, as soon as you reply to this letter."

voL. vI1.

13

SUPREME COURT.
Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.
On this leftey Mr. Loughborough -relies to make out his proof of fraud; and in it (if anywhere) resides all the misrepresentation to be found in the case.
With regard to this letter, we would first remark, that the character and relation of the parties, and the circumstances of the case, go strongly to show that it never was intended by the writer, and was never understood by him to whom it was written, to convey the idea which a casual reading of it might convey to a stranger. There were relations between these parties. which rendered an indistinct allusion as intelligible as a labored explanation. Taylor was the agent of Patton, who, in regard to these lands, was himself the agent of Southcombe, in whose name these lands had for years stood and been taxed, and in whose name Taylor himself had for years paid those taxes. Patton knew that Taylor was aware of Southcombe's title, and yet he. sets down and writes to Taylor a letter, which, if it meant what the other side suppose, lie well knew Taylor would at once perceive to be false. If the expression "to Hicks & Campbell, of whom I received, and will give you a deed, with a warranty," means that Hicks & Campbell had conveyed this land to him in his own name, why, it was not only a falsehood, but the most idle of all falsehoods, because told to a man who he knew was perfectly aware of the intermediate title of Southcombe. The parties to this transaction were no higglers for a bargain; they were men of character and standing; they were men of sense. The construction, then, which would- make a single expression in a hasty letter the- ground of so serious an accusation against such a person should be an unavoidable construction. Such is not the case here. There is a plain and fair construction of this expression, which is consistent with the truth and the good faith of Patton. It is the literal meaning of the language. * He did receive a deed from Hicks & Campbell, not in his own name, but in the name of his principal, Southcombe; and he means exactly what he meafis in the letter found on the 4th page of the record, where he says, "and by Robert Campbell and Anne, his wife, conveyed to Thomas Southoombe; which last deed is in my possession." . If, then, it had been his intention to deceive Taylor, would he not have said that he had a deed from Southcombe, rather than from Hicks & Campbell? How, then, was the matter.to be explained-? Why, Patton was Southcombe's'agent, and Taylor knew it, with a full power of attorney to sell lands. As such agent, he had received a deed for Southcombe; and, as such agent, he then had the power to give, a deed. Had Sputhcombe lived, there would never have been any difficulty. Bt Southcombe having -died, and of -course the power of at-

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

147

Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.

torney having died with him, Patton, who had iinthe mean time bought the lands, and acquired an equitable title thereto,
had not procured a legal title.
There can be no doubt that this is the true explanation, from the character of the men and their relation to each other; and there can be no doubt that it was so understood by them at the time, and afterwards, inasmuch as Taylor never once alludes to any misrepresentation in this letter; never speaks of any in-
consistency between the letter and Patton's statement of the chain of title in his letter of June 20th, 1820-; takes no notice of any misrepresentation, either in his original or amended bill; does not even make this letter an exhibit in the case; and always speaks afterwards of Southcombe's title as a matter well known to him. We think, therefore, that we are justified in asserting that the cqnstruction now put by counsel upon. that letter was not.that wvhich the parties put upon it.
But if an unfavorable construction of this letter is insisted
on (as it doubtless will be), then we say that Taylor was not misled or deceived by it. It stated what he knew to be false. It gave a chain of title without embracing Southcombe's title at all, and yet Taylor had the best reason in the world for knowing that Southcombe had until recently, and for years,
been the owner of the-land in controversy.
Taylor, in his letter dated October 23d, 1819, says, -" The land is listed on the auditor's books for taxes in the name of Thomas Southcombe, and for a number of years I have paid the taxes in his name for you."
Also, in his letter of February 29th, 1820, he says, - "I wrote you from Newport, Ky., last fall, requesting information 'whether the conveyances had been regular from the original patentee, Thos. Gaskins, for the two thousand acres of land sold me by you, &c., and which I understood you purchased
of Thomas Southcombe," &c. And the deposition of Winston says that, in 1815, "I was
requested to visit said lands by General James Taylor, who acted as agent for Robert Patton, of Fredericksburg, Virginia, who was agent for Thomas Southcombe."
Taylor then knew that Patton had not, in his own name, received a deed from Hicks & Campbell, but that, if he had any valid conveyance at all, it must have been from Southcombe.
And further, if the letter 6f July 13th, 1818, contained a downright misrepresentation, still it did not lead to, nor form any inducement to, the contract sought to be cancelled.
We have already referred to the allegation in the amended bill, commencing as follows: - "Your orator further shows, that the contract for the purchase of the land from the defend-

SUPREME COURT.
Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.
ant was made between the parties by letters; yourorator dgreeing to the purchase by a letter, under date.of January 30th,. 1818 addressed to the defendant at Fredericksburg." Here, then, the complainant himself avers that he had agreed to the*contract six months prior to this letter of July 13th, 1818. Admitting, then, that this letter of,July 13th contained a downright falsehood, and admitting that at the time Taylor believed it, still it did riot lead to the contract; it did not form an inducement on Taylor's part to that contract, and can therefore have no weight with the court upon the question of rescinding thatcontract.
But it is further maintained, that Taylor has an indefeasible' title, by twenty years' hdverse possession.
Taylor received legal possession of the land with his deed, which bears date September 3d, 1818, and has never been disturbed in his possession up to the day of trial.
In an analogous case, Jarboe v. McAfee's Heirs, 7 B. Monr. 282, the following language is used: 2_,"In the duration of the possession, it ought to be brought up to the time of trial, and not toobe made stop at the commencement of the suit." The possession of the vendee up to that period inures to the benefit* of, and goes to strengthen, his vendor's title. See Voorhies v. White's Heirs, 2 A. K. Marsh. 28; Coussmaker v. Sewall, 2 Sug. App. 336.
The sdle of a portion of the land, for the direct tax, and the marshal's deed to McLean, can present no difficulty in the case. It shows on its face that the land was sold as the property of Gaskins, the patentee, when all parties agree, and the, record shows, that it was then the property of Southcombe, entered in his name, and the taxes paid for him by Taylor himself.
If this were not the case, it is not shown that the requisitions of the law were complied with by the" marshal, and the law is well settled that no presumption is indulged in favior of such a deed. See Tayldr's Heirs v. Whiting, 2 B. Monr. 269272; 9 Cranch, 69 ; 3 Cond. Rep. 271 -274 ; ib. 395
In the case of lands sold for the non-payment of taxes, the marshal's deed is not even primti facie evidence that the prerequisites of the law have been complied with; but the party claiming tinder it must show positively that they have been complied with. Williams v. Peyton, 4. Wheat. 77.
The case thus far has been discussed without reference to the assignment of the notes upon which the judgment enjoined was obtained, or to the controverted deposition of Talbott.
The deposition of Talbott states that the notes were transferred to'him for the benefit of Witherspoon and Muirhead, and that Taylor had notice of and assented to the assignment.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

149

Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.

Is Talbott a competent witness ? 1st. He held the notes of Taylor as a mere trustee, to be applied, when collected, to the extinguishment of a debt due Witherspoon and Muirhead. They were assigned to him for that purpose only. That a'trustee is a cQmpetent witness, see 1 Starkie on Ev. 168; 6 Binney, 481; 1 Rand. 219; 2 ib. 563; Doug. 139; 4 Burr. 2254; 1 P. Wins. 287; 3 Atkins.
604; 13 Mass. 61. 2d. Without any contract whatever, he states that he ex-
pected to charge five per cent. commission whenever he should collect the debt of his clients. This has never been held a disqualification of itself alone. An agreement for a suni contingent on success might perhaps affect his competency.
3d. -Talbott executed a bond,- as surety for Patton, to pay the costs in the action at law against Taylor. The condition of that bond was, that it was to be void if Patton or Talbott
should pay "all cost, that may be incurred in said suit, or with which he may become legally chargeable."
The common law suit having been decided in favor of Patton, Talbott did not become legally chargeable with any costs to Taylor; and the result of the present suit cannot, in any manner, change his liability. The costs against Taylor of theaction at law may be perpetually enjoined, yet Talbott would
be no further bound than if the injunction weie dissolved. In either case, his liability on his bond would be precisely the same. It is not perceived, therefore, how his having executed this bond can affect his competency as a witness.
But Talbott's credibility has been assailed by depositions of three witnesses.
Objection might be taken to the kind of evidence given to impeach the character of Talbott. But, allowing its admissibility for that purpose, we say that the testimony of Talbott is corroborated in its material statements. The answer of Hugh M. Patton, so far as it goes, corroborates Talbott's deposition.
Talbott's statement, also, ihat a receipt for $ 1,500 was writ-
ten on the wrong note, which note was afterwards destroyed, and a new one written and dated on that day. is corroborated by the fact, that one of the notes in the record is dated as he
says.
The case, as the counsel for the appellants conceive, stands thus. The complainant in the court below files a bill in which he alleges that he had purchased from the defendant, 2,000 acres of land, and that he had received a deed, with a warranty, supposing the title of his vendor to be good. He alleges the subsequent insolvency of the vendor, the failure of the title, and prays that the contract may be annulled. The defendant
13*

150

SUPREME COURT.

Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.

denies the allegation of the complainant's ignorance of the-state of the title, which puts the complainant to the proof of the fact. For proof he offers copies of letters from himself to the defendant, which are not admitted by the answer, nor shown to have been ever received, and are therefore not evidence in the case. He also offers, upon proof of handwriting, a letter written and dated six months aftei the time when he himself alleges -the contract to have been concluded, in proof of his ignorance of the state of the title at the conclusion of the contract, and of
fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of the defendant. This donstitutes the substance of the complainant's case.
For the appellants it is insisted, that whatever equity there is in the bill is sworn away by the answer; that the evidence offered, so far as it is admissible, is not pertinent to the point in issue, namely, the ignorance of c6mplainant of the defect in title, or, if pertinent, does not establish that fact; and that as to the alleged fraudulent misrepreseantation, (even if it amount-
ed to such,) inasmuch as it was not put'in issue by the pleadings, did not mislead the complainant to his injury, was long subsequent to the da .e of the contract, and therefore formed no inducement to it, and was upon a subject equally open to both parties, it was consequently not sufficient in law or equity to
establish that fraud upon which an executed contract will be
rescinded.

The argument on the part of the appellees was as follows :
I. Before noticing the principal questions in the cause, the counsel for Taylor will ask the attention of tlid court to the objections, sustained by the Circuit Court, to the competency of Talbott as a witness.
1. His deposition states, that, as attorney for Witherspoon and Muirhead, he had obtained judgments against West, who assigned to him eight tenths of a decree of Bledsoe's heirs against Patton, which he took as a security, and for the use of Witherspoon and Muirhead. That H. M. Patton, on his visit to Kentucky, in 1819, drew bills on his father, by which the means were raised to obtain the remaining two tenths of the decree; and assigned to him, and placed in his hands, the two notes of Taylor, to be collected and applied in payment of the
decree. Talbott, then, was the agent and attorney of Witherspoon
and Muirhead for the collection of their claim against Patton on the decree, and he was the trustee of Patton to collect the amount due from Taylor, and apply it in discharge of the de,cree. He says the notes were assigned to him. They were assignable by the law of Kentucky, and the assignee has the

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

151

Patton et aL v. Taylor e't al.

legal right of action. The assignment of one of the notes appears in the record.
Assuming his statement to be true, had he hot such an interest in the subject as disqualified him? He holds and legally owns the debts which Taylor seeks to enjoin. He should have sued at law in his own name as assignee; and his use of the name of Patton as plaintiff was in some sense a fraud, to give the Circuit Court jurisdiction, or perhaps designed to enable him to be a witness. Had Taylor appeared in the action at law, he might have successfully pleaded the assignment to Talbott in bar. Neyfong v. Wells, Hardin, 562.
May an assignee, by suing in the name of his. assignor,
make himself a competent witness? That he cannot was decided in Gallagher v. Milligan, 3 Pennsylv. 178; McKinleyk v. McGregor, 3 Whart. 399. Talbott, the assignee, suing in the name of Patton, might have been attached for the costs. Ontario Bank v. Worthington, 12 Wendell, 597.
2. But Talbott was not a trustee merely. He .had a material interest to be promoted by the success of the party in whose behalf he testified. He says Patton and West are insolvent. Then the debt due to Witherspoon and Muirhea can only be made out of Taylor. True, the witness says he has no interest in the suit or- its event, other "than the compensation he may be entitled to for his services; and that he has no conditional or contingent fee depending on the recovery. Yet, on cross-examination, it appears that, if he had received the money, he would have charged a commission on it of five per cent., and he yet expects to charge it when the money is collected. Such commission is not unreasonable; and doubtless, if Talbott had received the money, he would have been permitted to retain it. Neither West nor Patton himself could interpose between him and Taylor, or the marshal, and prevent his receiving the debt, nbr would there be any necessity for a prior engagement to enable Talbott to retain the commission. Then does not the witness testify in the view that, if the party producing him succeeds, he will get a
-fund out of which to retain a commission, aud that, if he fails, it will be lost? A witness so situated was held incompetent, in Marland v. Jefferson, 2 Pick. ?40; New York Slate Co. v.
Osgood, 11 Mass. 60. 3. Talbott gave bond, as the surety of Patton, to pay the
costs of the action at law against Taylor. He was thereby rendered incompetent in that case. Chadwick v. Upton, 3 Pick. 442; Jones v. Savage, 6 Wendell, 658; Miller v. Henshaw, 4 Dana, 333; Jack v. Carneal, 2 A. K. Marsh. 518; Brandigee-v. Hale, 13 Johns. 125.

152

SUPREME COURT.

Patton et aL v. Taylor et al.

The ultimate liability for these costs depends upon the result of this suit. If Taylor fails, he will have to pay all the costs at law. If he succeeds, Talbott will have to pay all that portion of them provided for in the bond. He has therefore the same disqualifying interest in this cause that he would haVe had in the action at law He will gain or lose by the
direct operation of the decree. II. But if Talbott can be heard as a witness, the attention
of the court is asked to the depositions of Davis, Bayne, and Scott, which discredit him.
III. The equity of Taylor cannot- be affected by a transfer made without his knowledge.
IV. But suppose Taylor was present at, or assented to, the assignment, is he thereby precluded from asserting his equity?
V The copies of Patt6n's letters are evidence. (The argument upon these preliminary points is omitted.) VI. We will now proceed to the questions arising upon the
merits. ' In the first place, it will be observed that the treaty for the sale, ana the sale itself, were wholly by letters between Taylor, at Newport, Kentucky, and Patton, in Fredericksburg, 'Virginia. That between these parties there existed friendship, and, an honorable -confidence, and that Taylor was the agent to pay taxes on Patton's lands in Kentucky.
The land which was the subject of the sale is in Hopkins county, Ky., 200 miles fromTaylor's residence. Taylor had never seen it prior to the purchase, nor has he since, so far as appears in the case.
The sale, was first proposed by Patton. (The argument here reviewed the etters.) The tenor of these letters leaves no' room to doubt that Tay-
lor was not hunting for objections to get clear of the, contract, but the contrary; though he had lost 'sales by not getting the title,' he still desired t6 complete the bargain, and to perform it on his part.
At last, on the 20th of June, 1820, Patton by letter confessed that he had no title, and falsified the representation in his letter of July 13th, 1818. He stated that Southcombe was the proprietor of the land by regular deeds from the grantee, that he was Southcombe's agent, and had a power of attorney to sell the land, 'which died with Southcombe, and that he had settled Southcombg's matters, and allowed him $ 2 per acre for the land.
The- letter does not make a case upon which Patton could in equity obtain the title. It does not state, nor does it anywhere appear in the cause, that he had any writing fron South-

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

153

Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.

combe, or that he had in fact -paid him for the land. There is *no proof on this point, neither has Patton or his heirs en-
deavoured to get the title from Southcombe. VII. There is, then, in this case every fact necessary to
entitle Taylor to the relief which the Circuit Court gave to
him. He placed confidence in the -statements of Patton.
Patton knew that Taylor was about to purchase trusting to his assurance, and the-most material point, of fact not opinion,
inducing the purchase, the title of the vendor, was falsely represented by Patton. Taylor had no meqns'of knowing the truth, and Patton knew he had not,-and knew also that, if he
had, the confidence reposed in him would prevent a pursuit of them. It does seem that if there can be such a misrepresentation as will avoid a sale of land, it is the one in this case, and, however honest in his intent Patton may have been,
from the belief, (if he cherished it,) that the heirs of Southcombe would not claim the 'and, his representation to Taylor that he had the "title, being untrue, and necessarily known by him to be so, amounts to that actual fraud which all the
authorities concur in stating to be sufficient to avoid the sale. 1 Story's Equity, § 200-, 202 ; Neville v.. Wilkinson, 1 Bro.
Ch. 546; Fulton v. Roosevelt, 5 Johns. Ch. 174. This court has rescinded sales of land made upon misrepre-
sentation of title by the vendor. In Boyce's Ex'or v. Grundy, 3 Pet. 210, a sale of land was set aside, af the instance of the vendee, on the ground of misrejresentation of title and quality,
leading to the purchase; and the court overruled the objection, too, that the powers of the Circuit Court sitting in chancery were, under the 'sixteenth section of the Judiciary Act, incompetent to afford relief to- the vendee, after judgment at law
against him for the purchase-money.
The case of the gold mine, Smith .v. Richards, 13 Pet. 26,
applies and enforces the principle, that a misrepresentation, whether fraudulent or by mistake, is a sufficient ground in
.equity-to set aside any conveyace. VIII. This is the case of a purchase by a vendee who con-
fided in a material and fraudulent misrepresentation of his title
by the vendor, and who did hot discover the fraud until after the conveyance had been made, and after the vendor had become insolvent; and who, on these grounds, asks that he shall not be compelled to pay for what he has not obtained, and
cannot obtain.
Shall he be told that he must rely solely on the insolvent
vendor's warranty? If the purchaser has dealt -with his eyes open, and with a
knowledge of the facts, - has obtained and yet peaceably enjoys

SUPREME COURT.
Patton et al. v. Taylot et a.
the possession, -he may have no right to anticipate his legal remedy upon the warranty to which he has fairly trusted. But it would- be unjust to throw a party upon a warranty in a case where, from the fraud of the other party, he did not think he should ever have need to rest upon it. To hold him bound in such a case would be to make, not to enforce, a contract. The simple principle is, that the vendor shall not object to the claim of the vendee that which would not have existed but for his own fraud. Accordingly, it is held that, where there was fraud, in the sale of land, the vendee may have relief in chancery, before eviction or disturbance. Butler's note (332) to Co. Litt. 384; 'Edwards v. McLeay, Cooper's Cas. 308.
In Kentucky it has always been held that a fraudulent misrepresentation or concealment by the vendor respecting his title will entitle the vendee to relief in chancery, though he has a warranty.
In Breckinridge ,.Moore, 3, B. Monr. 635, the purchaser was
relieved, on the ground of a misrepresentation by the vendor of his title. The rule laid down was, that the vendor was bound to disclose the defects in his title.
In the late case of Vance v. House's Heirs, 5 B. Monr., the settled doctrine of the court is stated to be, that the vendee in possession, and with awarranty, may have relief upon either of. the grounds of fraud, insolvency, or non-residence of the yendor. No rescission was niade in that. case, because neither of these facts existed, and the vendee did not appear to be in any danger of losing the land.
So in Simpson v. Hawkins, 1 Dana, 303, the court recognized the-rule, that for fraud the vendee may claim a rescission. The majority of the court in that case refused to rescind, because there was no fraud; and the defect in the title was merely technical, -.such as might never injure the vendee, and such as, from the facts of that case)- he was presumed to have
known. In this case, Taylor did not live in the county in which the
laud was, nor had he ever been there. The taxes had been paid on the land at the seat of government, as Southcombe's. Patton assured him he had a chain of title and conveyances complete to himself. He had no opportunity of knowing that this was untrue. Pattoifiknew this, and thai as to the title Taylor would, as h6 did, -repose upon his statements. Patton's title, if he had one, would not- necessarily appear upon record in the county in which the land was, even if Taylor had visited it. The record of a deed is not necessary to its operadon ; the title passes by the delivery of the instrument, though creditors-and pufthasers may 'asail it, if not recorded. 'A1ll
·r

JANUARY TER-M, 1849..

.155

Patton et aL v. Taylor ot al.

that Patton said in his letter of July, 1818, to Taylor may have been true, and yet no traces of the deed to him havebeen
found on record in the county; and so, on the other hand, if
Taylor had searched the records and found n6.deed to Patton, it would not thence follow that the latter had stated an untruth. He was the agent of Patton, and between persons standing' in the relation of principal and agent, the rules of equity require in their dealings the utmost degree of good faith. Story's Eq. Jur. 224, and the cases there cited. "Iits obvious from the correspondence, -that Patton knew the full extent of the confidence which Taylor yielded to his assertions.
But Taylor agreed to take, the deed 'withthe chain of Patton's title. He expected both. The letters prove beyond doubt, that Taylor looked to receive the chain of title with the deed. It was not sent, nor -was Taylor informed where he could find it on record. But the deed which was sent contained a covenant that Patton would do any thing further necessary to confirm the land to Taylor, - that he would furnish 'the conveyances under which he held and sold. Taylor applied for these repeatedly by letters, and through H. M. Patton.
They were never furnished, and neither Patton nor his heirs ever took any steps to ket the title from the heirs of South-
combe. But it would not be a sufficient answer, even if true in fact,.
that Taylor might, by inquiry, have discovered the misrepresentation. Equity will not tolerate a party to s y to his vendee, "Though I have told you a falsehood as to the title, believing which, you bought, the land, still you ought not ta
have .believed me; you should have suspected, not confided."
It would be a strange rule of equity, that would permit fraud to escape on such a grountd. True it is said, in some cases, "that the assertion of a falsehood as to the quality of. a -thing
which is present at the sale, and which the vendee sees or may see is false, shall give him no claim. And this because the
law justly supposes he trusted to his own senses rather than to the statements of the other. hut the principle does not apply where the thing sold is at a distance, and much less does it
'apply to statements about title. And a misrepresentation, of the title, though it be on record,
is a fraud that will entitld the vendee to a rescission, even if
he has a warranty, and is in possession. Young v. Hopkins, 6 Monr. 23. In this case the court said, - " It is in .effect assumed by the court below that, the title-deeds being matter
of record, Young was bound to look into them, and must be presumed to have seen them, as he took a deed for the lot. If
this is to excuse. from tlhe. effect of false represerftations with

156

SUPREME COURT.

Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.

regard to title, it would obviate the consequences of fraud in
nearly all landed controversies, as all our titles are matters of
Xecord. Indeed, men prudent and cautious will examine them before they purchase, as the title papers are the safest guide.
But we know that, in many cases, the credulous and confiding dealers d6 not do so, but act on seeing how the possession is held, and the representations of the vendor If these representations are false, the maker of them is, in such case, re-
sponsible." And in Campbell v. Whittingham; 5 J. J. Marsh. 100, the court
said, - " Had the nature of Campbell's title to the lot purchased by Whittingham and Peters been fraudulently concealed, or had he made fraudulent representations on that subject, by which the purchasers were seduced into the contract, and induced to accept an insufficient title, it would have presented a clear case for rescission, notwithstanding the title and the encumbrances on the lot,,might have been matters of record; for it does not present a satisfactory defence to an allegation
of fraud in the sale of land. as to the title. to show that the conveyance had been recorded, whereby the vendee might, with proper diligence, have discovered the defect complained
of, and respecting which the fraud was practised." In this case, the vendee was in possession under a deed with covenants
of seizin dnd of warranty, and the rescission was because of the failure of the vendor to disclose an encumbrance existing by matter of record, in the county in which the parties and the land were. These are the principles of the law applicable to sales of land, in the State froni which this cause came.
The principle of equity is happily expresse.4 by the late chief justice of this court, in the case of Garnett v. Macon, 2 Brock. 2.50, in these words: - " Although I am. entirely satisfied that there is no moral taint in this transaction, that the omission to give notice of Campbell's debt was not concealment to which blame, in a moral point of view, canbe attached; yet a court of equity considers the'vendor as respon-
sible for the title he sells, and as bound to inform himself of its defects. The purchaser in making a contract may be excused
for relying on the assurance of the vendor, impied in the transaction itself, that lie can perform his agreemhent."
IX. It is shown on all sides that Patton, who was esteemed wealthy when the sale was made, became hopelessly insolvent, and so died. This fact has always been held sufficient to enjoin the collection of the purchase-money where there is a defect of title, even in cases free from fraud. The purchaser who is in danger of losing his land shall not be thrown upon
the warranty of an insolvent vendor. Simpson v. Hawkins, 1

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

157

Patton et aL v. Taylor et aL

Dana, 303. The attention of the court is asked to the remarkupon this point of Judge Nicholas, at page 318. -
In Morrison's Adm'r v. Beckwith, 4 Monr. 73, the vendor's insolvency was made the ground of an injunction.
And where relief by injunction has been refused to the vendee. (as in the cases in 7 MIour. 198; 3 J. J. Marsh. 584; 2 B. Monr. 40), it was upon the ground that insolvency was not proved as alleged, not in fact existing. In all these and other.cases, the rule in case of insolvency was recognized,
(The rest of the argument is omitted.)

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court.

This is an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States-

held in and for the District of Kentucky, by the district judge.

Taylor, the complainant below,, filed a bill against Robert

Patton, the intestate and "ancestor of the defendants, praying

relief against two judgments recovered ,against him at law,

upon s6ecurities given for the purchase-money of .two thousand

acres of land situate in the State of Kentucky, and sold and:

conveyed by the latter to the former. The bill was filed at

the. November term, in the year 18204 and the suit has been

pending ever since. The sale and conveyance of the land

took place September 3d, 1818, the considerati6n being $ 5,000.

payable one half on the 30th of January, 1819, and the other

in one year thereafter. The deed contained covenants for

further assurance, and of warranty, and the grantee entered

into possession of the premises, and has held if ever since.

The only allegations in the bill upon which the complainant

relied for staying the collection of the judgments, and setting-

aside the sale and conveyance, are, that the said Patton had no

title to the .land at the=time of the purchase, nor since; and

that he had become insolvent, and possessed no personal re-

sponsibility.

The defendant admits, in his answer, that he had no legal

title, and that it was, at the time, in the heirs of one Thomas

Southcombe, but insists that he had purchased the land of

Southcombe, had paid for it, and had been in the peaceable

possession of the same, and paid the taxes thereon, for more

than twenty years, and until the time of the sale; and that

the complainant well knew 'the nature and condition of the

title at the time of the purchase, and the taking of the deed.

The- answer alsp sets up an assignment of the securities

taken for the purchase-money, from the defendant to Wither-.

spoon and Muirheadj in payment of a decree in chancery which

their held against him; that it was made in the presence, and.

with the knowledge and consent, of the complainant, and that

vo.. V1I.

14

158

SUPREME COURT.

Patton et a]. v. Taylor et al.

the guits were brought, and the judgments in question recovered, by them and for their benefit.
Oil the death of Robert Patton, ,the complainant revived the suit against his heirs and personal representatives, on the 13th of November, 1829. The answer to this bill, which relies mainly'upon the facts set forth in the previous answer of Patton, was put in and filed in July, 1844.
The cause was heard on the pleadings and proofs on the 13th of May, 1845, and thereupon it was adjudged and decreed by the court, that the contract entered into between the complainant 'and Robert Patton, for the purchase and sale of the
Jand for the sum of $ 5,000, as set forth in the bill and admitted
in the answer, be rescinded and annulled; that the judgments recovered at law for the purchase-money be perpetually enjoined ; and that -the deed of the 3d of September, 1818, be can-
celled and held for naught. The decree then provides for the repayment by the heirs of
Patton of such porticns of the purchase-money as had been paid
by Taylor, after deducting the rents and profits which he may have received. from the premises, over and above expenditures for necessary repairs and -improvements; and on such repayment, the.possession is ordered to be delivered up to the heirs, and a reconveyance to be made by the complainant to them, with a covenant against his own acts affecting the title ; and also previding that the heirs shall hold the lands in trust for the benefit of Witherspoon and Muirhead, the assignees and owners of the judgments at law.
The cause is then referred to the master, to take and state an account of the rents and profits, improvements, &c., upon the principles settled, and to rdport to the court.
There is some evidence in the case tending to prove that the defendant, Robert Patton, represented to the complainant during 'the negotiation between them for the sale and purchase .of ihe lands in question, that he held at the time the legal title ; and that the cotnplainant had reason to believe that he would be invested with it' by the conveyance of the 3d of September, 1818.
The circumstances,, however, that Taylor was, at the time, aid
for several years before had been, the general agent of Patton in Kentucky to take charge of his lands in that State, including the premises in question, to pay the taxes. and negotiate sales to purchasers, lead to the conclusion, that he must himself have had some knowledge of the title, and that he was willing to risk it, on receiving a warranty d~ed from Patton, who'was supposed to'be a man of wealth. Where the truth
of this matter lies, it is not material to inquire; for no such

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

159

Patton et. al. v. Taylor et ali

question is made on the pleadings, or was involved at the hear-
ing. It is not surprisingi therefore, that the proofs in respect to it to be found on the record are vague and unsatisfactory; as, probably, the attention of neither party was particularly diawn to it. Indeed, it could not consistently have been, as
the charge of fraud or misrepresentation is not to be found in the bill as originally drawn, nor in the amended bill filed some two years and a half afterwards. Nor is it made in the bill of revivor, which was filed as late as November, 1829.
The relief prayed for is put, both in the original and amended bills, entirely upon the defect of legal title in Patton at the time of the conveyance, and in connection with this, his sqbsequent insolvency; and'unless this ground alone is sufficient to sustain it, the decree of the court below cannot be upheld. And that it is not, we need only refer to the authorities on the sub-
ject. Bumpus v. Platner, 1 Johns. Ch. 213 -218; Abbot v. Allen, 2 ib. 519 ; Gouverneur v. Elmendorf, 5 ib." 79; Simp-
son v. Hawkins, 1 Dana 305, 308, 312 ; James v. McKernon,
6 Johns. 543. These cases will show that a purchaser, in the undisturbed
possession of the land, will not be relieved against the payment of the purchase-money on the mere ground of defect of title, -
there being no fraud or misrepresentation; and that, in such a case, lie must seek his remedy at law on the 'covenants in his deed. That if there is no .fraud, and no covenants to secure the title, he is without remedy; as the vendor, selling in good faith, is not responsible for the goodness of his title, beyond the
extent of his covenants in the deed. And further, that relief will not be afforded, even on the ground of fraud, unless it be made a distinct allegation in the bill, so that it may be put in
issue by the pleadings. It follows that the court below erred, and that the decree
should be reversed, and the bill dismissed.
There is another point'in the case in respect to which we think the court also erred, and which we will for a moment notice, namely, the rejection, of the deposition of Talbott offerdd in evidence by the defendants below. The deposition tended to prove that the notes given -for the purchase-money had been assigned and transferred by Patton to Witherspoon and
Muirhead, his creditors, with the knowledge and assent of 'ray-
lor, in consideration of which the creditors agreed to postpone the payment of the demand against Patton. Talbott was rejected on the ground of interest, asit appeared upon the face 'of his own deposition, - 1. as surety for Patton in the suit .at law; and, 2. as assignee of the notes for the benefit of With-
erspoqol and Muirhead.
In answer to the first ground, it is sufficient, to say, that

160

SUPREME COURT.

Fourniquet et al. v. Perkins.

judgment§ had been recovered by default in the suits at law in favor of Patton. And to the sdcond', that, according to the deposition, Talbott had no interest whatever in the result of the suit. He held the notes as a naked tfustee, the proceeds of which, when collected, were to be applied to the payment of the debt of Witherspoon and Muirhead, his clients. He had no charge upon the fund, by any agreement or understanding with Patton, or his -clients, -for costs or commissions, as attorney, or otherwise, that would make him an interested witness. There was no foundation, therefore, for the exclusion of his evidence. But it is unnecessary .to pursue this inquiry, as the ground al-
ready stated sufficiently disposes of the case.
.Decree below reversed, and bill dismissed, with costs.

Order..
This cause came on to-,be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Dis-
trict of Kentucky, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed, with costs, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to dismiss the bill of complainant, with costs.

EDWARD P. FouriNIQUET AND HARRIET JANE FOURNIQUET, HIS WIFE, 'APPELLANTS, V. JOrN PERKINS.
The jurisdiction of courts of probate in Louisiana is confined to cases which seek an account and settlement of effects presumed to be held by the representative of a succession. It has not jurisdiction over cases of alleged fraud or waste,lor embezzlement of the estate.
The District Courts are courts of general civil jurisdiction. Hence, where a petition was filed in the Court of Probate against an administrator,
praying that he might account and also be held liable for maleadministration and spoliation, it was proper to transfer the case for trial to the District Court. The judgment in the District Court, being generally for the defendant, must be,supposed to cover the whole case, and not to have rested upon only a branch of it, viz. a release which was pleaded by the defendant. Therefore, where 4 bill was filed in the Circuit Court by the same petitioners against the same defendant, it was correct for that court to consider the question as res TaedLloautias.iana. decisions upon the jurisdiction of the Probate and District Courts
examined.
Tins was an -appeal from the Circuit Court of the United. States for the District of Louisiana.
In the year "1818,Mary Bynum, the widow of Benjamin Byn'am deceased, was living in the parish of Concordia-, State of Louisiana, with four children, of whom Harriet, the wife of the appellant, was one.

JANUARY TERM, 1849..

729

Cutler v. Rae.

complainants ,o 'the relief they ask. And consequently, the omission to answer (if the answer be open to that objection) furnishes 'no ground of exception. It is not a sufficient foundation for an exception, that a fact. charged in a bill is not answered, unless the fact is material, and might contribute to. support the equity of the case of the complainant, and induce the court to. give the relief sought by the bill.
The exceptions ought, therefore, to have beeri overruled, and we shall direct it to be so certified to the Circuit Court.
Orde.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the. United. States, for the Southern District of Mississippi, and on the points or questions on which the judges of the said Circuit Pourt were opposed in opinion, and which were certified to this court, for its opinion, agreeably to the act of Congress in such case made and piovided, and was argued by counsel. On' cQnsideration'whereof, it is the opinion of 'this dourt, that the exceptions by the complainants were not well- taken, and ought--to- have ben overruled. Whereupon, it'is now here orderei and decreed i that it be so certified to the said Circuit Court,

PLiNY CuTLiR, APPELLANT, .V.WILLLx A. RAE.
Where a vessel was run on shore by the captain in order to save the lives of those on b6ard, and for the preservation of the cargo, by which act the vessel was totally lost, but the cargo saved and delivered to the consignee, a libel in personam, filed by the owner of the vessel against the consignee of the cargo, (and the result would be the same if filed against the owner of the cargo) for a contribution by way of geneial average, cannot be sustain-.d in the admiralty courts of the .United States.
Those courts have jurisdiction wherever the vessel or cargo is subject to an absolute lien, created by the 'maritime law; and will follow property subject to. such a lien into the hands of assignees. The lien, in sucx cases, does not depend upon po8session.
But in cases of general average, the lien is a qualified one, depends upon the possession of the goods, and ceases when they are delivered to the owner or consignee.
Whatever may be the liability of~the owner after he has received his cargo, it is founded upon an implied promise to contribute to the reimbursement of the owner of the lost vessel, which promise is implied by the common law, and not by the maritime law.
The case is, therefore, beyond the jurisdiction of courts of admiralty, and the libel' must be dismissed.
THIs was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Massachusetts.
It was a libel filed in the District Court, as a court of admi-

790

SUPREME COURT.

Cutler v. Rae.

ralty and maritime jurisdiction, by Rae, the owner of a vessel called the Zamora, against Cutler, in a cause of contribution or g eneral average,- civil and riaritime.
The facts in the case- are ,set forth by Mr. Chief Justice
Taney, in delivering the opinion of the court, to which the
reader is referred.:
The District Court decreed that Rae should recover $ 2,500
from Cutler, which decree was affirmed in the Circuit Court. It was submitted upon' printed arguments in this court by
Mr. Loring, for the libellant below, and Mr. Fletcherand Mr. CUrtis;for the respondent and appellant.
The Reporter would.he gratified if he could insert the whole of these.arguments, but want of room 'forbids it.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.

This is a proceeding in admiralty, and the point first to be

considered is. the question -6f jurisdiction.

I ,

The appellee filed a libel in personam against the appellant,

in the District Court of the United States for the District of

Massachusetts, 'setting forth that he was the owner of the

bark. Zamora, which sailed from New Orleans for Boston, on

the 6th of November', 1845, with an assorted" cargo, a- part of

which consisted of 154 bWles of cotton, consigned to the appel-

lant.; that she was overtaken by-a storm in'. Massachusetts Bay, and was run -on- shore by the captain, in order to save

the lives of those on board, and for the preservation of the cargo,

which, together with the vessel, were in imminent danger of

being totally lost ; that by'this voluntary stranding, the vessel

was totally lost, but the cotton was saved ; and that the appel-
lant had- saved the-value 'of it, to wit, $ 5,400; and that the

appellee .is entitled to contribution from the owners of the

,cargo and the appellant, to indemnify him -for the loss of his

vessel.

The appellant answered, admitting, the ownership of the

vessel as alleged in the libel; that she was wrecked in-Massa-

,chusetts Bay, and that the cotton had come to his hands in a

daiiiaged state ; .but denies that the appellee is entitled to the

general average he claims, and insists that he is fiot liable to

contribute on account of the cotton, to indemnify the owner for the ioss of his bark. . Upon this libel and answer-,- the parties proceeded -to take testimony to show the circumstances under which the vessel had -been stranded; and upon the hearing, a decree was pa~sed ii-the District Court in favor of the appellee for $ 2,500, which
was affirmed in the Circuit Cburt, and from which last-mention~t decree the-present appeal to this court was'taken.

JANUARY- TERM, 1849.

781

Cutler v. Rae.

Upon the face of the proceedings, therefore, the question arises whether the District Couri had jurisdiction, as a court of admiralty, to try the matter in dispute. And it is unnecessary to state more fully the pledings and testimony until this question is disposed of.
It is true, the counsel for the appellant has waived all objections on that score.' Bat the consent of parties cannot give jurisdiction to the courts of the United States, in cases where it has not been conferred by the Constitution and laws.' And if the proceedings show a case which the District Court was not authorized to try, it is the duty of this court to take notice of the want. of jurisdiction, without waiting.foi:an objection .from either party.
The court of admiralty undoubtedly:has jurisdiction in cases where the vessel or cargo is subject to a lien created by.the maritime- law, And where the lien is attached to the vessel or cargo, it will, until ,itis discharged, adhere to the property in the hands of third-persons, and will follow the proceeds, in certain cases, in the hmds of asignees. , And in such cases, the
lien may"be enforced in- a court ofadmiralty, by a proceeding inp.ersonam,-against the party who holds the property or pro-
ceeds. This doctrine was recognized in this court in the case of Sheppard v. Taylor, 5 Pet. 675. In that case, the -holders of the proceeds of.a ship which had been condemned in a Spanish tribunal, and the value of the vessel afterwards paid to the owners by the Spanish governiment,'were held liable for sea-
man's wages, in a proceeding.in personaM, although they held them as assignees of the: owners in payment of a bona fide preexisting debt. And in deciding that case, the court said, that, in cases of prize, bottomry,.and salvage,' as well as seaman's wages, the party entitled to the lien may proceed in admiralty iny ersonam against the party holding the proceeds of-property to which the lien had, attached.
But in the cases mentioned by the court, the maritime law. attaches an absolute and unconditional lien upon .the property.
The possession is not necessary to its validity. Indeed, in cases of seaman's wages and bottomry, the party entitled to the lien never has possession; and the same is most commonly the case,. where salvage serivices are-rendered.
But it is otherwise, in general average.' The party entitled to contribution has no absolute and unconditional. lien upon the goods liable to -contribute. The captain has a right to retain them until the general average with which they are charged has been paid or secured. And as he may do this for the security of the party entitled, he must be regarded as his agent'in this respect, and exercising his rights. This right

732

SUPREME COU-RT

Cutler v. Rae.

of retainer, therefore, is a qualified lien, to which the party is entitled -by-.the maritime law. But it depends on the posses- sion-of the goods by the mastei or ship-owner, and ceases when they are delivered to the owner or consignee. It does not follow them into their hands, nor adhere to the proceeds. :This' is the doctrine not only in England, but on the Continent.also. -
It is unnecessary to. refer to the various authorities on this point, as-the principal ones are collected in Abbott on Shipping, 507, (margin,) Perkins's edition, and 3 Kent's Com.-244.
*In the case before us, the goods, with the bill of lading, were delivered to the consignee, and not to the owner. We do not, however, propose to inquire, whether, upon the facts stated in the libel, the consignee would be liable for the contribution in any form, but whether a court of admiralty can try the ques-
tion. And treating the case as if the consignee stood in the place of the owner, and was liable to the same extent, we think it was not within the jurisdicticn of the court of admiralty.
The owner is liable, because, !t the time he receives the goods, they are bound to share in the loss of other property by which they have been saved.; and he is not entitled to dempnd them until the contribution has been paid. And as this lien upon his goods is discharged by the delivery, the law implies a promise that he will pay it. But it is not implied by the man-: time law which gave the lien. It is implied upon the "principles of the common law courts, upon the ground that in equity and good conscieice he is bound to pay the money, and is
therefore presumed to have.made "the.promise when he received the goods. Indeed this caseseems, in its principles, to be nothing more than the'common law action for money had and received, brought in a court of admiralty.
It is very much to be regretted, that the jurisdiction of the court of adriiralty in this country is not more clearly defined. It has been repeatedly decided in .this court, that its jurisdiction is not restricted to the subjects over which the English courts of admiralty exercised jurisdiction at the time..our Constitution was adopted. But there is no case, nor any- prin ciple recognized by this 'court, that would justify us in-extending it to a subject like the one now before the court. Whether the court of admiralty might hot have'-proceeded in rem to enforce the maritime law before the goods were delivered, isa question-which does not arise in this .case, and upon which, therefore, we express no *opinion. But the case, as presented in the record, we think, is not within the admiralty jurisdiction,'and the judgment must therefore.be reversed, and the case remanded to the Circuit. CougA,. with directions .to dismiss' the libel.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

733

Clutler v. Rae.

Mr. Justice WAYNE.

I.regret that this case has been sent to this court upon the

printed arguments of the counsel in the court below, and still

more regret that .this court has decided ai important con-

stitiftional question of admiralty jurisdiction, without-.either-

oral or printed argnment.

It isthe first time in this court. that such a result whas hap-

pened; and it was a sufficient reason, in my mind, to iestrain

this court from action, until after the point had .heen argued.

As I gather the facts of the case from the record, the questioni

of jurisdiction was not argued- either in the District or Circuit

Court ; "though, in makipg up the record for this court' the point

was suggestbd by the counsel for the respondents. It is a

curious incident in the history of our jurisprudence; that a con-

stitutional point should have been ruled here, which had neither

been argued at the bar in this court, nor elsewhere; and I think

it. Will be. thought so much so, that it will not occur- againp.

Such a silent and uncontested judicial disposition of a question

arising ,uder the Constitution is at variance with the interest

hitherto -shown by our' courts, and bIy'the public, in such

matters, and does not partake of that watchful and patient in-

quiry concerning constitutional powers, which has been so

much the characteristic of the American mind, when either bf-

the departments of our government has been called upon to,

exercise them.

I think, too, that this decision shbuld not have been made at

this time ; for though, a full court was present in our consultation'

upon this case, one of the judges, Mr. Justice Catron, refdsed.

to deliberate with us upon it, stating as his reason for not doing,

so, that important points, constitutional and otherwise, were.

involved, and that the case was only before us upon printed,

arguments upon the latter. I think he did so with great pro-.

priety, and I agreewith him, that the rule of the court permit--

ting 'cases to .be sent here upon printed arguments was not

meant to enibrace cases involving constitutional questions..

That it was not meant to do so, I infer from this being the

first case in which it has been done with the practical acquies-

cence of this court, and from our use,.in having hitherto avoid-

ed the decision of such questions, except upon oral argumeht

before a full court..

Mr. Justice Catron's withdrawal left eight of us to act upon.

-the case, and we were for some time equally divided upon this.

point of jurisdiction. It was ultimately cisposed of as it has.

been by a majority of the coirt, rather by our acquiescence im

what was thought to be English authorities against the -jurisdic-

tion, than from a close and searching scrutiny into the practice'

vo6L. viz.

62

734

SUPREME COURT.

Cutler v. Rae.

and jurisdiction of courts of admiralty, and how far they were
comprehended within our constitutional extension of judicial power to all cases of admiralty and maritime jdrisdiction.
Under such circumstances, with every inclination to carry out without further inquiry the decisions of this court, and with
unfeigned respect for all of the judges who have made this de-, cision, I hope I shall not be considefed as doing any thing at variance'with either, if I shall hear argument upon this point of .jurisdiction, should such a case occur before -meupon the circuit, or if I shall ask, should it ever arise here again, that we may hear argument from counsel upon a point which we had
not an oppqrtunity to hear when it was decided. But my objection to the ruling of the point is greater than
to the circumstances under which it has been made. I think that the case is within our constitutional admiralty
and maritime jurisdiction, and that it has been so decided by
this court. An attempt has been made to take it out of the case of Shep-
pard v. Taylor, 5 Peters, 675, by making a distinction, between cases of absolute and unconditional maritime lien,,and such as
are now called qualified cases of lien, to which a party is entitled 1y the maritime law. And it is said, "in general average, that the party entitled to contribution has no absolute and unconditional lien upon the goods liable to contribute; but that the captain has a right to retain-them until the general average with which they are chargeable has been paid or secured."
Besides, not having been able to find, in the books and cases which I have read, any such distinction, (now, I believe, for the
first time made,) I have always thought that a lien given by the maritime law, of whatever kind it Tiay be, is on6 which can be enforced in a maritime court, for the purpose of con-
suinmating, for the benefit of all concerned, the equity which raised or created it. 'For instance, that if a master of a vessel gets a lien upon the saved cargo, in a case of jettison, or volun-
tary stranding of his vessel, and he is in any way dispossesied of any part of it, either by a freighter or other person, he may bring a possessory action in a maritime court to regain it,
or a petitory libel, if the goods saved have got into the hands of a third person, who claims a right of property in them against the freighter. And further, that if the freighters, in a case of jettison or voluntary stranding of a vessel, disagree, as to what should be *theirrespective'contributions, and there is no fixed rule for ascertaining it without suit in the country where the said cargo may happen to be, either the captain having the cargo in possession, or the freighters, or either-of them, may go into a maritime court, to have it judicially

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

735

Cutler v. Rae.

determined. And that a party interested in such a lien may file his libel in per onam, in a maritime court, against a freighter for his contribution, if he has got possession of his part of the saved cargo, and has removed it beyond the sovereignty in which the court is, so that it may not-be sequestrated or put'under arrest, to answer the court's decree; And it matters not whether the freighter's possession of the saved goods has been obtained by the delivery of it to him by the master, or otherwise. Alien, or right given t6 the master "to retain the goods, until the general average with which they
are chargeable has been paid or secured," as this court says the master has, has nothing in it of the character of a personal agency, which the master may throw off at his will; for
neither in its beginning nor in its continuance has it avoluntary appointment; but it is a trust, which the maritime law casts
upon. him, from the necessity of the case, in virtue of his official relation to the vessel and cargo, and to those who are the owners of them. - It is a lien given to the captain by the maritime law, for the purposes of a high equity, produced by necessity; and it cinnot be taken from the jurisdiction of a maritime court by any act of a iiarty interested in it, short of what that equity demands; though the parties interested may themselves determine and receive from edch other what they may think that equity gives to each of them.
And the foundation .6f this jurisdiction of a court of admiralty in such cases, both in rem and in personam; is not on. account of the locality of the jettison or stranding, or that it is a thing done at sea ;. but because. happening at sea, the peril producing it makes new and involuntary relations between the freighters where there were none 'before, and' for which the interests of commerce require a tribunal, into-which, by the law of its creation, all the parties interested may be brought together for settlement. Of course, in what I have :aid, I have had no reference to the admiralty jurisdiction in England since the fime of Charles II., but to that of the maritime courts upon the Continent, and as the practice in them continues to be, and also to what had been the ancient practice and jurisdiction in England on admiralty, until the reign of James I., notwithstanding the statutes of 13 Richard II., ch. 5, 'and 15 Richard II.; ch. 3; for we know historically, that, until the time of James, the statutes of Richard operated. rather to restrain the usurped jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty in England, than to limit it, in what rightfully.belonged to its cognizance.
When, then, we are referred to Abbott on Shipping and to
Kent's Commentaries, and to the cases cited by them, in support of the conclusion 'to which this court has here come, con-

.736.,

SUPREM'E COURT.

Cutler v.. Rae.

cerning the want of jurisdiction, in an American court of admiralt. of a libel in personam.to enforce a right in a-maritime lien which cannot be enforced in rem, in consequepce of the removal of the subject-matter of the lien beyond the reach of the court's monition and attachment, it will be found, by
a perusal of Abbott and Kent upon General Average, and ihe cases cited by those writers, that neither of them is discpssing at all the jurisdiction of a court of admiralty, even in England; but thateach only states - and one from the other what are the remedies in England for the recovery of the'con-
tributions of a general average. The language in Abbott is :"In case of dispute, the contribution may be recovered, either by-a suit in equity only, or by, an action at law, instituted by
each individual entitled to recover, against each. party that ought to pay for the-amount of his share." (§-14, p. 610.) And it is admitted that the English jurisdiction in admiralty was not meant by the framers of the Constitution, when the
judicial power was extended ."to all cases of admiralty and mari'time jurisdiction." The language 6f the court now is,-" It'
has been repeatedly decided in this court, that- its jurisdiction is not restricted to the subjects of which the English courts of admiralty exercised jurisdiction at the tinie our Constitution was adoplted." We must, therefore, in all ca~es- whether or not there has been an occasion in our courts for the exercise of jurisdiction in a particular case, look to the maritime courts on the Continent, and to works on admiralty jurisdiction, to determine whether -the case in hand is embraced by our constitu-
tional provision. Nor can I partake, 6f the regret just expressed, that the juris-.
diction of the court of.admiralty in this country is not more defined.
I know at one time it was thought so, but subsequent investigations of it by our judges and 'jurists, i believe, have given a very general impression to American lawyers, that the constitutional clause, "all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction," is as well and as definitely expressed, for the purpose meant, as.'it can be, and that it leaves nothing doubtful, except, as to some cases of which the admiralty court in England took jurisdiction, which had been there exclusively within the cognizance of the courts of. common law, and also-of other cases in the Continental maritime courts, which did 'not relate to "things done upon -the sea, or to contracts, -pleas, and quarrels which were not maritime." Among the latler is certainly not a case of general average, and,- except in England, I believe, the jurisdiction of the maritime courts has always embraced, both in rem and in personam, "all cases of

JANUARY TERM, 1849.
Cutler v. Rae.
freight, dlarter-parties, mariners' wages, debts due to mateiialmen for the building and repairing of ships," and all accidents upon the sea, affecting the rights of those having any interest in the cargo of a vessel, or who are in any way connected with her. I do not think that there-is any thing doubtful in the terms used in the Constitution. "To all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction," means all cases arising or happening on the s~a, growing out of war or commerce, and all cases strictly of maritime contracts, - admiralty jurisdiction meaning originally tho~e cases of which the admiral took cognizance in virtue of his oflice upon the sea, and maritime, these also, with all others arising out of the perils or accidents upon the sea; trespasses upon it of all kinds; contracts relating to commerce in which a sea service was to be rendered; contracts for building and repairing of ships, and for money loaned upon bottomry. , Now, it having been repeatedly ruled by this court, that its admiralty jurisdiction was not limited: by what was the jurisdiction in England when the Constitution was adopted, the principal difficulty in the way of interpreting the words of the Constitution relating to it has been overcome. And if we will but rid ourselves of those doubts in respect to what are oases for a maritime court caused by the limitation of them in England, I do not think we shall ever be at a loss to determine what cases are within the admiralty jurisdiction of the courts of the United States; and I believe the whole of them will be found to make no trespass upon, or interferende with, the jurisdiction of the other courts of the United States; or with those of the States, either as to the modes of proceedinr jik them, or as to the suits of which they have cognizance.
Mr. Justice CATRON.
On the question of jurisdiction, for want of which this cause has been dismissed, I am not satisfied either way, and therefore give no opinion.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on, the transcript of "the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Massachusetts, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this court, that neither the said Circuit Court, nor the District Court from which -this case was removed to the said Circuit Court, had jurisdiction of this cause, and that consequently this court has not jurisdiction bu for the purpose of reversing the deoree of the said Circuit Court., Whereupon, it is now here ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court, entertaining jurisdic-
62 *

738

SUPREME COURT.

Smith v. Hunter et al.

tion in this cause, be, and the same is .hereby, reversed for the want of jurisdiction in that 6ourt-; and that this appeal be, and the same is hereby, dismissed for the want of jurisdiction; and
that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said'Cirzuit Court, with directions to proceed therein, in conformity to the opinion of this court.

HEZEKIAH SMITH, PLAINTIFF IN ERRoij, v. WILLIAM HUNTER, TREAS-
uRER OF BUTLER COUNTY,, JAMES B. CAMERON, AUDITOR OF BUTL.ER
COUNTY, AND THE PRESIDENT AND TRUsTEES OF THE MIAMI UNI-
- VERSITY.
Where a complainant alleged that a school tax, which wag l6vied upon his land, was contrary to the spirit and meaning of a law of the State of Ohio which exempted his property from all State taxes, and conflicted also with the terms and conditions of the leases by which he held his land, and the State court dismissed the bill, this decision of the 8tate court cannot be reviewed by this court by a writ of error issued under the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act. "
The rules which regulate cases brought up to this court under that section again examined and affirmed.
Tilis case was brought up from the Supreme Court of Ohio, by a, writ of error issued under the twenty-ffth section of the Judiciary Act.
The facts were these: By the fourth section of the act of Congress of the 3d of March, 1803, to enable the State of Ohio to form a State constitution, (2 Statutes at Large, 226,) a township of land, to be laid off in the Cincinnati land district, was- granted to the State of Ohio for the purpose of establishing an .academy. On the 17th of February, 1809, the legislature of the State of Ohio passed an act: entitled "An act to establish the Miami Uiniversity." (Pamphlet Acts of 1809, page. 184.) That act incorporated the university, provided for its support, government-, &c. Section tenth vested the above-mentioned township in the corporation, for the use and support of the university, and authorized the corporation to divide the township into lots, and lease them out for the term of ninety-nine years, renewable for ever, subject to a valuation every fifteen years. The thirteenth section exempts thetownship from all State taxes. It reads in these words: -" That the lands appropriated and vested in the corporation, with the buildings which may be erected thereQn for the accommodation of the president, professors,. and other officers, students, and servants of the university, and any buildings appertaining thereto, and also the dwelling-house and other buildings which may be built and erected on the lands,

262

SU.PREMEf COURT.

McArthur's -Heirs v. Dun's Heirs.

there is nothing in the record which this court is authorized to review, it is thereupon pow here ordered and adjudged by this court, that this cause be and the same is hereby dismissed, for want of jurisdiction.

Dui' cA McARTnRs's HEIns, COMxP.&NANTS, V. W.aLTmR DuNls HEIRs.

The proviso in the second section of the act passed on the 1st of March, 1823 (3
.Statutes at Large, 7.73), entitled, "An act fbr extending the time for locatin Virginia military land-wrants and returning surveys thereon t6 the Gene ,and Office," - which proviso is as follows, viz. "Provided, that no locations, as
aforesaid, in virtue of this or the preceding section of this act; shall be made on tracts of lands for which patents -had previously been issued, or which had been previously surveyed; and any patent which may nevertheless be obtained for land located contrary to the provisions of this act shall be considered null and void"protected an entry which had been made in the name of a dead man in 1822. And a subsequent conflicting entry came within the prohibition of the statute, and
was therefore void. The cases of Gait v. Galloway, 4 Peters, 345; McDonald's Heirs v. Smalley,6 Peters,
* 261; Jackson v. Clarke, I Peters, 628; Taylor's Lessee . Myers, Wheat. 23; and Galloway v. Finley, 12 Peters, 264, reviewed.

Tnis c*ase came up from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio, on a certificate %ofdivision in opinion between the judges thereof.
It was before this court at January term, 1842, and was then remanded to the Circuit Court, upon the ground that a material
error had boen committed by the clerk in stating the point intended to be certified. It now came back with the error cor-
rected. It was, originally, a bill filed on the' equity side of the Cir-
cuit Court by Dun against McArthur, in which the same matters of controversy were involved as in the present case. Dun obtained a-decree against McArthur in 1836.
In 1838, McArthur filed the present bill of review. The following table presents a view of their conflicting titles to the land in question:

McArthur's Title.

1822, Nov. 23. Entry in the name of Means, who was dead.
1823, March 1. Act of Con-

gress -passed. 1823, March 18. Survey. 1824, Dec. 10. - - 1824, Dec. 15. - -

1825, Jan. 3. Patent.

1825W, April 4.

-

-

-Dun's Title.
Entry by Galoway. Survey. Patent.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

263

McArthur's Heirs v. Dun's Heirs.

All the facts in the case are stated in the certificate of divis ion in opinion, which was as follows, viz.: -
"This cause having been remanded from the Supreme Court of the United States to this court, for a further order touching the point upon which the opinions of the judges of this court upon the hearing thereof were opposed, in compliance' with said mandate of aid Supreme Court, the said point of disagree-
ment of said jiudges is now ordered to be restated more specially and at large. -The said point of disagreement arose out of the following facts, siated and set forth in the original bill of said Walter Dun, and admitted to be true by.the demurrer of
said Duncan McArthur thereto, who was the respondent to said original bill; viz.: That said McArthur, on the 3d of January, A. D. 1825, obtained a patent for the tract of land. in controversy, which is situate in the Virginia military reservation; in
the State of Ohio, on an entry made on a Virginia military'landwarrant in the name of Robert Means, assignee, on the 23d of November, A. D. 1822, followed by a survey of said entry made in the name of the said Robert Means, assignee, on the 18th of March-, A. D. 1823; which said Robert Means'before said entry, and as early as the year A. D. 1808, had departed this life. And that, on the 4th day of April, 1825, another patent for the same tract of land was issued to one James Galloway, on an entry thereof made in the name of said Galloway, on the"10th of December, A. D. 1824, on another .Virginia miliary landwarrant, and which was duly surveyed in his (said Galloway's)
name, on the 15th -of the same month of December, A. D. 1824, and which tract of land was subsequently conveyed by said Galloway to said Walter Dun. Upon which said state of facts, touching the titles of the said parties to said tract of land, this point was raised by the counsel for the complainant in said bill of review, upon the hearing and argument thereof, viz. :'Whether the said location and survey-of said tract of land in the name of said Galloway, and the patent issued to liim for' the same 'are not null and void, as being made and done in contravention of the proviso to the second section of the act of Congress of the 1st of March, A. D. 1823, .enfitled 'An act extending the time for locating Virginia military land-warrants and returning surveys thereon to the General Land Office2
"11And upon the point so as aforesaid raised by the counsel for
the complainantd in review, the opinions of the judges of this court being opposed, the said point of disagreeMent is, on motion of said complainants' counsel, stated as above, under the direction of said judges, and is hereby ordered to be certified to the Supreme Court of the United States at its, next session to
be hereafter holden, for its final decision upon said point of disagreement."

,264

SUPRE'ME COURT. McArthur's Heirs v. Dun's Hejrs.

The proviso referred to was in these words (3 Stat. at Large, 773) :'--" Prbvided, that no.locations as aforesaid, in virtue of this or the preceding section of this act, shall be made on tracts of lands for which patents had previously been issued, br which had been previously surveyed; and any patent which may, nevertheless, be obtained for land located contrary to the provisions of this act, shall be considered null and-void."
The cause was argued by Mr. Vinton, on behalf of the complainants, and Mr. Ewing and -Mr.Thurman,for Dun's heirs.
Mr. Vinton, for the complainants, reviewed and commented upon the following cases.
12 Peters, 297, and also referred to the act of 20th May, 1836 (5 Stat. at Large, 31).
7 Wheaton, 23 ; 1 Peters, 638 ; 4 Peters, 332; 6 Peters, 261, 666; 7 Ohio Rep. 177, .which last case, he contended, misconstrued the judgment of this court in 6 Peters.

The 'brief filed by Mr. Thurman, and enlarged upon by Mr. Ewing, was as follows.
I. An entry in the name of a dead man is, on general principles, void. Gait 'v. Galloway, 4 Peters, 345; McDonald's Heirs v. Smalley, 6 Peters, 261; Lessee of Wallace v. Saunders, 7 Ohio Rep. (Part 1), 173.
1I. Being void, it is not protected by the proviso in question. Lindsey v. Miller's Lessee, 6 Peters, 666; Lessee of Wallace v. Saunders, above cited.
III. There is no difference, in this respect, between a survey in the name of a dead man made after, and one made before, the passage of the act of 1807. The terms of the proviso apply to the one as much as to the other.. And- no reason can be given why the proviso should protect a survey made after its enactment, and not protect one made prior thereto, and to the land covered by which no right of a third party had intervened. It protects neither.
-IV. Galloway v. Pinley, 12 Peters, 264, is not, I respectfully submit, decisive of the present case. Because,-
1. The point now under consideration did not necessarily arise in that case. The -court held, .that Galloway could not, while standing in the relation of a purchaser, be permitted to avail, himself of the defect he relied on in his vendors' title, to defeat his agreement to purchase. Whether he could do so was the main and only necessary questionin thht case.
2. The entry iu-that case was made on patented lands. In this case, it was on lands not patented. The difference is material.; for the court, in deciding that case, said: -"It is diffi-

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

265

Mc.Arthur's Heirs v. Dun's ,1eirs.

cult to conceive how an irregular patent could exist, unless it

passed no title. We will not perplex the decision with sup-"

posed cases of irregular surveys, but examine the act of Con-

gress, and ascertain its effect as regards -the grant in the name

of Charles Bradford." (p. 298.)

And again: - " Congress had the power, in 1807, to with-

hold from location any portion of the military lands; and hav-.

ing done so in regard to that previously patented in the name" of Charles Bradford, the complainant, Galloway, had no right

to enter the same." (p. 299.)

It would seem,. from these extracts, that the court did not

intend that its decision should extend beyond -what was re-

quired by the facts of the case then under consideration, and

that, consequently, it is not decided that a void unpatented sur-

vey is protected by the act of 1807.

So, in Hoofnagle v. Anderson, 7"Wheat. 212, (S. C., 5 Cond.

R. 271,) a broad distinction was made between patented and

unpatented surveys. A patent for a survey made on a "-State

line" warrant, was held to appropriate the land. The survey,

before patent issued, was a nullity, and the land was subject

to entry. Miller .v.Kerr, 7 Wheat. 1 ; S.C., 5 Cond. R. 202;

'Lindsey v. Miller, and Galloway v. Finley, above cited.

3. The court distinguish the case of Galloway v. Finley

from the case of Lindsey v. Miller by the fact, that the survey

in the former case was on a proper warrant, and in the latter

on a State line warrant; wherefore there was an equity in the

former that did not exist in the latter case.

But in Hoofnagle v. Anderson, the court seemed to think

there was very little difference in the equities. Both were equi-

ties of which a court could not take cognizance, and both claims

were of an equally meritorious character.

The court (in deciding that the patent for the. survey ma.de

on the State line warrant appropriated the land, and prevented

its subsequent location) said: - 1 The equity of the one can-'

not be so inferior to that of the other, as to 'justify the court

in considering the patent of the one as an absolute nullity

in favor of the other, who has attempted to appropriate the

same land after such patent had been issued." 5 Cond. R.

273.

4. The court, in Galloway-v. Finley, say -" Congress had

the power, in 1807, to withhold from location any portion of

the military lands:"

But ought it to be supposed that Congress intended to with-

hold a portion to which no person had acquired any title ?

V. The case under consideration is not affected by the act

of May 20th, 1836, entitled, "*An act to give effect to patents

VOL. VII.

23

286

SVPREME COURT.

McArthur's Heirs v. Dun's Heirs.

for public lands issued in the names of deceased persons." (6 Peters's.Laws, 31.) Because, -
1. It could not have been the intention of Congress, in pass-
ing that act, to interfere with !bp. rights of third persons.
2. If such -were the intention, the act is,to that extent, void; Congress having no power to give the lands of A to B, without consideration and against the will of A.
3, The point certified does not include the question, whether
the rights of the parties are affected by the act of. 1836, and ,consequently that question cannot be considered in this court. Wayman v. Southard, 10 Wheat. .1 ; S. G., 5 Cond. R. 1.
If the above .propositions are sound, it follows that the judgment of-the court must be for Dud's heirs, the entry and sur-
vey in the name of Means (under which the complainants
claim) having both been made after his death.

Mr. Justice DANIEL delivered'the opinion of the court:
This case comes before this court upon a certificate of division of opinion between the judges of the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio, upon a bill of review ex-
hibited in- that court. "The character of the cause as made upon the pleadings and evidence, and, the. question on, which the judges were divided in opinionare so succinctly and at the same time so clearly disclosed in the statement of the judges, that they will be best presented by a simple repetition of that statement in these words: -
"This cause having been remanded frqm the Supreme Court
of the -United States to this court, for a further order touching the point'upon which the opinions of the judges of this court upon ,the hearing thereof were opposed, in compliance with said mandaite of said Supreme Court, the said point of disagreement of said judges is now ordered to be restated more specially and.at large. The said point of disagreement arose oit of the
following facts, stated and set forth in the original bill of said Walter Dun, and admitted to be true by the demurrer of said Duncan McArthur thereto, who was the respondent to said original bill, viz. : That said McArthur, on the 3d of January, A. D. 1825, obtained a patent for the tract- of land in controversy, which is situate in the Virginia military reservation, in the State of Ohio, on an entry made on a Virginia military landwarrant, in the name of Robert Means, assignee, on the 23d of November, A. D. 1822, followed by a survey of said entry, made in the name of the said Robert Means, assignee, on the 18th of March, A. D. 1823; which said Robert Means before said entry, and as.early as the year A. D. 1808, had departed this life. And that, on the 4th day of April, 18035, another patent

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

267

M cArthur's Heirs -v.Dun's Heirs.

for the same tract of land was issued to one James Galloway, on an entry thereof made in the'name of said Galloway, on the i0th of December, A. D. 1824, on another Virginia military land-warrant, and which was duly surveyed in. his (said Galloway's) name, on the 15th of the same month of-December, A. D. 1824, and which tract of land was subsequently conveyed by said Galloway to said Walter Dun.. Upon -which said state of facts, touchiig the titles of the said parties to said tract of land, this point was raised by the' counsel for the complainant in said bill of review, upon the hearing and argumerit thereof, viz..: - Whether the said location and survey of said tract of land in .thd name of said Galloway, .and the patent issued to him for the same, are not null and void, as being made and done in contravention of the proviso to the second section of the act of Congress of the 1st of March, A. D. 1823, entitled 'An act extending the .time for locating Virginia military land-warrants and returning surveys thereon to the General Land Office.'"
Thus it will appear that the only question for consideration here arises on the proper construction of the proviso contained in the second section of the aet of Qongress above mentioned. This act--after'providing in the first section that the officers and soldiers of the Virginia line or Continental establishment, their heirs or assigns, entitled to bounty lands within the country reserved by the'State of Virginia, between the Little Miami and Scioto Rivers, shall be allowed a further time of two years from the 4th day of January, 1823, to obtain warrants and complete their locations, and the further time of four years from the same period to return their surveys and warrants to the General Land Office to obtain patents -contain' in the second section a proviso in the following words: rLProvided, that no locations as aforesaid in virtue of this or the precedihg section of this act shall be made on tracts of lands for which 'patents had previously been issued, or which had been previously surveyed; and any patent which may nevertheless be obtained for land. located contrary to the provisions of this act shall be considered null and void.Y 3 Stat. at Large, 773. ,Upon this proviso, which appears to'be a'literal transcript of the proviso contained in the first section of the act of 1807, the question for our consideration, as has been already remarked, is presented.
On behalf of the complainants in the bill of review (the
heirs of Duncan McArthur) and the holders of the elder patent, it'is insisted, that., not only is their title under-the prior entry and snrvey in tha name of Means, and the patent issued in pursuance thereof, protected.-by the operation of the proviso

SUPREME COURT.
MeArthur's Heirs v. Dun's Heirs.
just mentioned, but that the effect of that proviso, nay, its express language, renders absolutely void the claim of title set up by the heirs of the junior patentee, Dun; denying to it, and to all similar clauses, any foundation on which legally or equitably such claims can be founded. The heirs of Duil contend that the patent to McArthur having been granted upon a location and survey made in the name of Means, when it fact Means had been dead fourteen years anterior to the entry, and thirteen years previously to the survey in his name, this entry and survey, and the patent issued to. McArthur thereon, were of no. legal efficacy, and should be' superseded by th patent to James Galloway, upon an entry made.by said Galloway in 1824, under which patent the heirs of Dun derive title by ptrchase. In support of this position, it is said that an. entry in the name of a dead man is, onl general principles, void, as was ruled by the cases of Galt v. Galloway, 4 Peters, 345, aid of McDonald's Heirs v. Smalley, 6 Peters, 261. These cases, though express to the single point for which they have been cited, are nevertheless by no means decisive of the question certified; if indeed they are at all applicable thereto ; that question not involving simply the validity of an entry made in the name of a dead man, but embracing the legality of locations made since the enactment of the proviso, upon lands previously patented or surveyed, without reference to the circuinstance of 'the death or life of those in whose names such previous patents may have been granted or surveys made.
The language of the proviso is broad and comprehensive enough to comprise patents and surveys in the names of persons either living or dead, and it expressly declares to be null all patents posterior in time to those surveys and patents thus generally described and protected by that language. The proviso, then, if the natural and common meaning of its terms be adopted, must extend to and protect-alike patents, entries, and surveys of either description, so far as this end is accomplished by preventing the possibility of conflict with locations and patents coming into existence after its date. Its operation -and effect must be thus comprehensive, unless they can be understood to have been limited and controlled by some clear and authoritative exposition. Have they been so limited ?, It cannot be necessary here to discuss the competenicy of Congress in reference either to the power of imposing a limitation upon the time within which locations upon the ceded lands should be made, or as to the conditions jan which further time might be extended to persons who had been excluded by the limitation first laid on locations. Those subjects have been treated with clearness by Chief Justice Marshall. in the case of

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

269

McArthur's Heirs v. Dun's Heirs.

Jackson v. Clarke, 1 Peters, 628, and the power of Congress with respect to them placed beyond objection.
In the next place, in the interpretation of the proviso con-
tained in the laws of 1807 and 1823, the. case of Jack~on v. Clarke, we think, effectually overrules the distinction attempted in the argument of this cause between a patent and a survey in the operation of either proviso, a distinction, as we
have already remarked, not. taken by the language of the statute. Speaking of the survey in the case just quoted, Chief Justice Marshall says :- "The survey, having every appearance of fairness and validity given to it by the officers of -the government, is sold as early as 1796 to persons who take possession of it, and have retained possession ever since. Why
should not the proviso in the act of Congress apply to it? The words taken literally certainly apply to it. Does the language of the clause furnish any distinction between the patent and the survey? Lands surveyed are as completely withdrawn as lands patented from subsequent location." Again, it is said, in the same case, that "a survey made by the proper , fficer, professing to be made on real warrants, and bearing on its face every mark of regularity and validity, presented a barrier to the locator which he was not permitted to approach,, which he was not at liberty to examine." The case of Jackson v. Clarke may be appealed to for another illustration, which is very apposite to the present controversy. In support of the junior location and patent of Dun the court has been referred to the case of Taylor's Lessee v. Myers, 7 Wheat. 23, as an instance in which a location on land previously surveyed had been permitted subsequently to the proviso of 1807. 'But in the case of Taylor's Lessee v. Myers the owner had openly abandoned his location and survey, and had placed his warrant on other land. In such a case, say the court, "the land-was universally considered as returning to the mass of vacant land, and becoming, like other vacant land, subject to appropriation;* therefore in Taylor's Lessee v. Myers, the court said, the proviso which annuls all locations made on lands previously surveyed applies to subsisting surveys, to those in which an interest is claimed, not to those which have been abandoned,
and in which no person has an interest. This survey has not been abandoned by any person having an interest in it." No
force, then, is perceived in the instance adduced, and no strength can be imparted by it to the position occupied by the defendants in this case; because by the abandonment the previous location and survey to every legal and operative purpose were annihilated, and there might be said in effect to have been hone such, the original locator could not b compelled to iold
23*

270

SUPREME COURT.

MoArthur's Heirs v. Dun's Heirs.

or continue them'; it having been expressly ruled by this court.
that the owner of a survey or a' patent may abandon either at
his pleasure. But it is contended for. the defendants, that the entry and
survey made in the name of Means, being by reason of his death at .the date of that entry and survey absolutely void, under the authority of the decisions of Galt v. Galloway, 4 Peters, 345, and McDonald v. Smalley, 6 Peters, 261, the proviso in the act of Congress did not revive them or give
them validity. That, according to the interpretation of the act of Congress in the case'o Jackson v. Clarke, the proviso is extended no farther than to irregular patents. The language
of the decision just mentioned does not literally apply to sur-
veys pronounced absolutely void, by the death of the locator, or by any other cause; but it is equally true, that neither the terms nor the spirit of the reasoning of the court, nor of the
'decision. declare or imply any thing against the justice of such claims. The reasoning of the court in that case would apply
as strongly to the justice of cases which were not perfected by reason of death, as it possibly could do to suth as were not perfected in consequence of the neglect or omission of the persons interested; and surely the intrinsic, character of the claim ,could not be affected* by the former cause; its justice as against the goyernment would remain precisely' the same.
The government would not have fulfilled its acknowledged .obligation to the owner of the warrant or survey. There can
'be no question as to the power of the government to revive or 'confirm surveys or patents made or granted to persons not -actually in life when such surveys or patents were made;
there is an obvious .propriety in a fulfilment of its undertakrings by the government, and in its forbearance to enforce a forfeiture founded on no delinquency in those who would be affected thereby; and there is nothing in the act of Congressor in any judicial, constitution thereof requiring or indicating .an opposite conclusion. Indeed, the utmost which it has been attempted to deduce from the statute, or from any interpreta-
'tion of the statute, is the absence of an authoritative declaratiohi, that surveys-'and patents made or issued in the names of persons not living at the periods of their respective dates have not in fact been reserved and confirmed. But is not this deduction directly at war with the unequivocal authority of this court, in open conflict with the- decision of Galloway v.
Fiuley-" reported in .12 Peters, 264 ? We hiold that it is. In ord1er to escape from this decision, it has been argued that the ease last mentioned ruled nothing bey6nd this, that Galloway, as the vendee of Finley, should not be permitted to avail

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

271

McArthur's Heirs v. Dun's Heirs.

himself of information derived from his vndor, and use it with the view to impeach the vendor's title, and as a means to obtain a better title in himself, in opposition to the title of that vendor. It is true that the point here stated was ruled in the case, but the decision was by no means limited to that single point. Under the pleadings and proofs in that case, the title of Finley was necessarily brought into reviewi its character and the effect of the act of Congress with respect to it were discussed and decided upon. In that -case, as in the present, it was contended that the statute operated upon titles merely irregular or defective, and did not embrace such as were void. In refutation of this interpretation the court proceed thus ",It is insisted that the section had reference to imperfect, and not to void titles. The legislature merely affirmed a principle not open to question, if this be the true construction. Had an effective patert issued, the government would not have had any title remaining, and a second grant would have -been void of course. Something more undoubtedly was intended than the protection of defective, yet valid; surveys and patents."
-Again the court say,-" The death of the grantee is an extrinsic fact, not impairing the equity of the claim as against the
government. The defects of all others. most common in the military districts of Kentucky,. Tennessee, and Ohio were where the soldier had died, and the entry, survey, and grant had been made in the name of the deceased. In his name the wvarrant almost uniformly issued; who the heirs were was usually unknown to the locator, and disregarded by the officers
of the government when perfecting the titles. In Tennessee and Kentucky, provision was made at an early day that. the heir should take by the grant ;iand why should we presume that Congress did not provide for the protection of his claim to the lands purporting to have been granted, when the legislation of the federal government was of necessity controlled in this respect by the experience of members coming from States where there were military lands? The statute is general, in-. cludirig by name all grants, nof distinguishing between void and valid; and the plainest rules of propriety and jbstice require that the courts should'not introduce an exception, the legislature having made none. - Congress had power in 1807' to withhold from location any portion of the military lands, and, having done g6 -in regard to the lands of C. Bradford, the complainant Galloway' had no right to enter the same."
Authority so directly in point leaves little room for comment; indeed, it may be said that, mutate nomine, the case of Galloway v. Finley is the 'case of McArthur's heirs against ,he heirs of Dun. Upon the plain and natural import of the

272

SUPREME COURT.

Mace v. Wells.

proviso in the statutes of 1807 and of 1823, upon the reasoning of this court in the case of Jackson v. Clarke, 1 Peters, 628, but chiefly upon the very pointed authority of the case of Galloway v.Finley we are of the opinion that the location and survey of the- land in question in the name of James Galloway,
and the patent issued to him for the same, as mentioned in the. certificate of division, are null and void, as being made and done in contravention of the proviso to the second section of
the act of Congress of the 1st of March, A. D. 1823, entitled, "An act'extending the time for locating Virginia military landwarrants, and returning surveys thereon to the General Land Office," and we do order this opinion to be certified to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio.

Order.
This-cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit, Court of the United States for the District of Ohio, and on the point and question on which the judges of the said Circuit Court were opposed in opinion, and which were
certified to this court for its opinion agreeably to the act of Congress in such case made and provided, and was argued by counsel. On consideration -whereof,it is the-opinion of this court, that the location and survey of the land in question in the name of James Galloway, and the patent issued to him for the same, as mentioned in the certificate of division, are null and void, as being made and done in con ravention of the, proviso to the secona section of the act of Congiess of the 1st of March, A. D. 1823, entitled, "An act extending the time for locating Virginia military land-warrants, and returning surveys thereon to the General Land Office." Whereupon it is .now here ordered and -decreed by this court, that it be so certified 'to the said Circuit Court.

TImOTHY L. MACE, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JAEED WELLS.
By the fifth section of the United States Bankrupt Act (5 Stat. at Large, 444), the surety upon a promissory note had a right to prove the demand against the maker, who tecame a bankrupt, and by the fourth section the bankrupt was discharged from all debts which were provable under the act.
Therefore, where the surety paid the note to the creditor, after the discharge of the bankrupt, and brought suit gainst the bankrupt for the amount, he was not entitled to recover it.
THIS case was brought up from the Supreme Court of Judicature of the State of Vermont, by a writ of error issued under the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.
The United States v. King et al.

"83S

THE UNITED STATES, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROI, V. RICHARD KING AND
DANIEL W. CoxE, DEFENDANTS.
The case of the United States v. King and Coxe (3 Howard, 773) reviewed. According to the practice of Louisiana, where cases are carried to an appellate tri-
bunal, in'which the court below hs decided questions of fact as well as of law, the appellate tribunal also reviews and decides both classes of questions. Bat this. practice is not applicable to the courts of the United States. A writ of efrr in them brings up only questions of law, and questions of fact remain as imexaminable as if they had been decided by a jury below. Where the oourt below decides both law and fact, no bill of exceptions need be taken, The case then becomes like one at common law; where a special verdict is found or. a case is stated, in neither of which is there any necessity for a bill of exceptions. Where the court below decides the facts, a statement of them' should appear upon the record; but if such a statement be fileafdter judgment is entered and a *rit of error sued out, it cannot be considered a part of the idcord, which is closed against it. Leaving this statement out, there is still enough in the record to enable the court to take co-"ce of this case, because the defendants below asserted a legal title to be in themselves by virtue of a grant which severed the land claimed from the royal domain: The construction of this grant, issued in 1797, by the Baron de Carondelet, to the Marquis de Maison Rouge, is a question of law upon which this court must review the decision of the Circuit Court. The two grants or contracts of 1797 and 1795 must be construed together. That of 1797 refers to the one of 1795, and cannot be understood without it. The contract of 1795 was for the benefit of the emigrants, and must have been intended to be shown by Maison Rouge to those persons whom he was inviting to settle upon the land. No personal benefit or compensation to himself iidividually is provided in it. T.e object was to promote the policy of th6 Spanish government as whose agentMaison Rouge aced, an.d not as the proprietor of the land. The contract of 1797 was intended to supply two omissions in that of 1795,namely, to 'desigate with more particlarity the place where the settlement was to be made, and to provide for a larger number of families than was mentioned in the original contract. For both these purposes, a certain tract of land was marked out, and "destined and appropriated" for the uses of the settlement.The grant of 1797 does not contain tbe words usually employed in Spanish colonial grants, when there was an intention to sever land frouithe royal domain and convey it as individual property.
THIs case was formerly before this court, and is reported in 3 Howard, 773.
Being sent down to the Circuit 1Jourt under a mandate from
this court, it came up for trial befoie the Circuit-Court in May,
1845, when sundry proceedings took place before that court,
which it is not necessary to specify. The result was, a judg-
ment in favor of the United States, from which King and Coxe
sued out a writ of error, and brought the case again before this
court.
Whilst so pending, this court, on the 16th of February, 1848,
passed the following order, which was announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Taney. 70*

8SUPREMECOURT.

Tfre United States v. King et al.

"KING AIM COxE Supreme CQurt of. the -United States, De-

V.
UNITED STATES.)

cember Term, 1847.

"Upon examining the record now before the court, and refer-

ring to the points originally fif controversy and still remaining

undecided,' the court are of opinibn, that the matters in dispute

can be more conveniently and speedily heard, and finally, deter-

mined' by reinstating the case in this court in the condition in which it stood at December term, 1844, preyious to the judgment rendered at that term: and the counsel for the respective parti6s having,' upon the recommendation, of 'the court, cdnsented .to reinstate the case in the manner proposed,-

"It is thereupbn, with the consent of counsel, as afordsaid, ordered, that the' 3udgment rendered in this court at December

term, 1844 i and all the proceedings thereon, and subsequent thereto, be, and the same 'are hereb-y; set aside and vacated, and

the case as it stood at the term aforesaid, previous to the said

judgmdnt, reinstated. And it is further ordered, that it be

placed onthe docket of December term, 1848, to.be argued at'

.that term on such day as the court may assign, -the United

States.. being, as before, the plaintiffs in error, and King and

Coxe the-defendants,"

The -case was therefore before the court just as'it stood prior to the, argument of it, as reported in 3 Howard, 773.
The history of the case is there given, and all the documents

upon which the claim of King and Coxe was founded are, set

forth at large. . It is unnecessary, therefore, to repeat them here.

The United States being plaintiffs in error, the argumentwas opened and concluded by Mr. Toucey, (Attoniey-General,) who was replied to by Mr. Coxe arid Mr. Giipin, on behalf of

the defendants in error. All the parts of their arguments are omitted, except ,those
which bear upon the poiots decided by the court.
The Reporter has his own notes of-Mr. Coe's argument, but prefers to print-the 'argument of Mr. Gilpin, as that gentleman
has been kind enough to revise the notes of his argument. -

Mr.- Toucey, (Attorney-General,) for the plaintiffs in error.
Whether the paper dated 20th June,, 1797, signed by' the. Baron de Carondelet, was a grant to the Marquis de Maison
Rouge of a complete title to the -thirty square leagues, jis the principal question presented-upon the record. It is supposed, that, finder the Spanish or any other government, if a grant from the sovereign is set up ahd relied on, it would be necessary to appear, that there was an intention to-make such grant.. The mintbntion is the principal thing. It is the*essence of the act.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

835

Thb United States v. King',et al.

It is the disposing will which governs, when expressed. It lies at the foundation of all law and every contract. The rule'
that thfe intention must govern is not the property of any one system, but a, maxim of universal law. If such an intention to -make a grantdo not appear, but the direct contrary, the supposition of a grant is absolutely excluded, And if this be the
state of the case upon the face of the assumed paper title, the result will be fortified, if it be possible, by the fact, that the.practical construction-of both parties was in accordance with it. Such is, the precise coidition of the grant now alleged as a complete .title 'inthis court.
It will be necessary to see, - 1st, 'what was agreed to be done, on-the part-'of the Spanish government; 2d, what was actually
done, in pursuance of that agreement; and 3d, in what, light it was viewed by the parties after it was done, or the practical construction.
First, what was agreed to be done by the Spanish government. This is in the firm of awritten agreement, clearly expressed, and not liable to misinterpetation, hearing date March 17th, 1795. From this paper ii appears there were certain "families who propbsed'to transport themselves" to Louisiana.. T p'Marquis proposes to bring thirty families, "for the purpose of foiling an establishment with them, on the lands bordering upon the Washita." The government agrees, - 1st, to pay tw handred
dollars to every family of two laborers, andiin proportion; 7d, to furnish them with a guide, ind provision§, from NeW matid to Washita; 3d, to pay for transportation of -their baggage aad implements,-not to exceed three thousand pounds fof each family; 4th, to give each family of two four hundred a~pens of land, ten arpens by'fort, and in proportion for a greater number; 5th, to give the same to their. European servants with families, after six years.- This contract was signed, "that it
might come to .the knowledge -of those families who propose to transport themselves hither." It proposes to give nothing to &niy one but the thirty families who are to constitute the establisliment, and their European servants. It stipulates to give nothing to De Maison Rouge for his services- neither lazid nor money. There is not a stipulation. in it for his benefit. The whole benefit stipulated, including the land proniOsed, is to go-to the thirty families composing the establishment.' The. whole contract was for their benefit. This is the clear, express, unequivocal-contract at the outset,' and there is no pretence that it was ever modified. The compensation to De Maison Rouge for - his services was to be derived elsewhere, if he had aqy; either
from collateral advantages, or through the emigrants or in some other mode, which does not appear, except im the case.of Ales-

886

SUPREME COURT.,

-The United States v. King et, al.

ander Lawrence, where the Marquis secured the righAt to take to himself either the-money or the land. This was the contract, "for the establishment on the Washita o'f the thirty .families
of farmers destined tl cultivate wheat," which was approved by
the king,-" in all its parts." Thus, and thus only, it became obligatory upon the Spanish government, and its officers derived their authority to carry it into effect. -The effect of it was to constitute the Marquis de Maison Rouge an agent of the Spanish government';, it clothed him with authority to act in its name; it was his'letter of credence to the emigrants who proposed to come.; aud that was its avowed object, as expressed'in 'thecon-
cluding paragraph. When used by the agent in treating with
the emigrants, and acted upoiby them,' it became a complete and 'perfect contract -between the Spanish government on-the one-hand, and the emigrants on the other, by which they were
*entitl'ed to'demand of. the government the stipulated benefits. Thus far, then, there isho intention manifested by the Spanish government to bestow these benefitg upon the government agent,
..or to permit them o beintercepted by him; but the express .languag 6 of the contract, which received. the royal assent, shows the direct, contrary in every particular. Having this safe ground at the outset, - certain knowledge of the previous
contract, of the land promised to.'be given, of the persbns to whom it was to be given, and of the agency of De Maison Rouge, -it-will be difficult to go astray afterwards,-in tracifig
the-acts of public functionaries, done'in pursuance of this -contract, and by virtue of this authority:
The'absence of the usual formalities tends strongly to show
that here was no grant or concession. :There was no petition for a gript to De.Maisori Rouge. He did not ask f6r any land. * There is no decree or adjudication granting a petitioe There is no warrant of location, permit to occupy, or any other for-
mality, giving him possession, with promise of title upon.performance of the usual or the stipulated conditions. There was no consideration proceeding from 'him, -moving the govern-
inent, or that could be suppbsed to move the 'government, to .grant to him this territory with the 'colonists upon it. He had introduced no emigrant at his own expense.. The 'governmehit had introduced all the families at its own expense. It had paid
their transportation, furnished them with guides and provisions, given them a- bounty in money, and promised.them and .their
servants landd in proportion to their numbers. It had even paid the expenses of De Maison Rouge; as.appears by the -letter of Baron de Carondelet of the 1st of August, - 17954, to F ilhiol, the commgidant of the pogt. "The journey of M. Maison Rouge has cost more than five hundred dollars."

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

83

The United States v.King 6taL

But to come to the paper alleged to -be a grant to De MaisoIn Rouge. Why should the Spanish government give the whole territory to him.? It does not.appear, upon the face of the instrument, that the government intended a benefit to him. The words are, " We destine and appropriate for the establishment of the aforesaid Marquis de Maison Rouge." It is called his .establishment by way of distinction, Here is no graiit in form to him, nor to any. other person. The instrument does not name any grantee,, nor contain words of grant. All the precedents require both. The instrument begins with the cause of the designation of the land. Because the establishment was nearly complete, it had become desirable to remove, for the 'future, all doubt respecting other families or new colonists who might come to establish theniselves. The lands are ex-r. essly designated for the establishment, and theoriginal con-
tract, the king's approval, and the recital in this instrument., all show that the establishment is the colony of- thirty families. The fact that the lands comprised in the figurative plan, as it
is called, are the identical lands to be given to the emigrants composing this colony, is entirely decisive against the idea of a grant to De Maison Rouge. It was not the intention of the Spanish government to require the colonists to look lo him for
the title to their lands, but directly .to the government, who iii-. troduced them, paid their expdnses,, gave them a bounty in money for coming, and promised to give them their lands upon :the 66ndition of inhabiting and cultivating them. The gov-
ernment did not intend to invest him with the title, because that would incapacitate it to perform its contract with the colonists, and with the European servants who should at the end of six years have become heads of families. The original contract, being specifically referred to, is incorporated in this in: strument as fully as if recited verbatim, and the lands are designated under it, for the purposes set forth in it.. -There is no escape from the conclusion. The designation of 1he lands f the colony is expressly madie "1under the terms stipulated and contracted for" by the Marquis; and the royal order approving of that contract, and 'authorizing it, is expressly referred to by name, description, and date. The effect of this act of the government was merely to prescribe certain limits within which these olonists should receive- their lands, when they should become entitled to them, and within which other emigrants should not be permitted to intrude, without the consent of government. -That'is the effect'produced, and it is -theonly effect produced. It does not come up to the standard of an inchoate title to De Maison Rouge. He had no title atall, - no. promise of title to him upon the performance of conditions,

38

S.UPREME COUA-T.

The United States v. 'King et aL

express or implied, imposed by the act of the partis or -byact

of law.

Having thus shown what the government contracted to doi

and what the government had done, and that neither in the

one. not the other was there manifested an intentioni to convey

this land to the.Marquis'de Maison-Rouge, butthe direct con-

trary, it'remains to. be seen how the parties regarded it, and

what was the practical construction given to this instrument.

by both of them.

First, the colonial government did not put such a construction

upon it as-would vest in him the title to the thirty leagues square,

and require the colonists to look to him, instead of the govern-

ment, for their titles. They did' not- regard the land as his

property. The letters of Baron de Carondelet to. Filhiol,' the

commandant of the 'post, abundantly show this. Subsequent

grants in the same tracts, made by the government from time

to time, show it also. The inventory made after the death of

De Maison Rouge by F'ilhiol, as commandant, it is admitted

by the claimant, did not contain this land. This was in April,.

1800, before the secret treaty of San.Ildefonso,

I

Second, the Marquis.de Maison Rouge puti no such bon-

-struction upon this instrument. This is shown by his letters

to. Filhiol. "In that of the 21st of March, 1796, speaking of

the claims-of a Mr. Morrison, he says, -"Mr. Morrison alleges

that M. Miro has promised to him that quantity of land, but

he does not say that it was -notfor him alone, but for the six-

teen families and upwards, of Americans he was to have brought

into the: country and settled in the Prairie Chatellraud. More-

:over, he has promised 'to discover a saline. He has fulfilled

none of these conditions. This extent not having been granted

to- him individually, it still remains in the domain of the king.

He-has no more right to claim it than I would have to consider

myself as proprietorof the whole eztent that has been granted

to me, to settle agreeablyto my contractwith the families that

I have announced to the government,, and that they know

t6 be in mission for this place." Others of the letters are

equally explicit. In his will, dated the 26th of August, 1799,

which is subsequent to the date-of the alleged grant, he de-

clares that he possesses property in Paris, Berry, and Querry,

which had been confiscated; he gives a-house and land which

he. had purchased to "his niaid-servant; and he also mentions

the place where he has all the articles necessary to build a saw-

mill for cutting plank, and a pump-auger. But there is no men-

tion 'of this tract of thirty square leagues, which is now claimed

as his property. " He nominates Louis Boulignk his legatee un-

der a universal title:- And also the residue and rema er

JANU'AlY TEAM,- 1849.

-839

The United States v. Kiing et al.

of my.gbods, rights, and actions, as well -within as out of this province, in case my parents are dead, I constitute and name for my sole and universal heir the aforesaid Louis Bouligny. '" The defendants now claim the absolute title to thirty square
leagues of land under this clause of the will, by this description of goods, rights, and actions.
Third, the inv'entory. which was made by the government officer does not inclide this land. It was made when the agent of the legatee was present, sent from New Orleans to look after the property of the deceased. Filhiol states that he made the inventory " ' in presence of M. Michael Pommier, charged with a power from M. Louis Bouligny,"1 but. there was not any land mentioned in the said inventory.

Mr. Gipin,for the defendants in error.
Under the decision of this court at the last term, this case is now presented as if the decree and opinion given in January term, 1845, (3 Howard, 784,) had never been made. - The case was then treated as an appeal, presenting for revision all the facts and law. It was, in fact, a petitory action brought here Jy a- writ of error; and; having been tried below' without a jury, under the provisions -of the Louisiana Code of Practice, (Art. 494, 495,)which are adopted by the act of Congress of the 26th of May, 1824, (4 Stat. at Large, 63,) the finding of the court on all "matters of fact was conclusive, and not subject to'revision. Parsonsov!f Armor, 3 Pet. 414; Hyde v. Booren, 16 Pet. 169, 176,. .Minor v. Tillotson, 2 How. 394.
It appeared, too, on the' argument at the last term, that the record before the court in 1845 was extrenely imperfect, - not - presenting all the evidence which was before the Circuit Court, as required by the Louisiana practice on appeals, (Thayer v. Littlefieldi 5 Rob. 153; Parkhill v. Locke, 15 Louis. 443; Mitchell v. Jewell, 10 Martin; 645; Davis v- Darcey, 1 New Series, 589,) nor correctly exhibiting the character" of somV of the.
material evidence which was presented. The depositions on which this cdrt mainly relied, as establishing the certificate of Trudean to the'plano figrativo to be antedated and fraudulent, (3 Howard, 785,) were shown to be ex parte, and to have been contradicted by many witnesses whose evidence did not
appear in the record. What we are now to discuss is, theiefore, a ease 'presented
by a writ of ciror, founded on an allegation of' an erroneous judgment of the Circuit Court of Louisiana on certain points of law apparent on the record.
What was the case before the:Circuit Court? By. the treaty of the 30(h. of April, 1803, 3, (8 'Stat. at

840

SUPR°EME COURT.

The United States v. King et aL

Large, 200,) all the, inhabitants of Louisiana, at the time of cession, were protected in the full enjoyment of their prop-
erty, -- every species of property, real and personal, whether held by complete or inchoate titles. Soulard v. United States, ,4 Pet. 511; Delassus. v. United States, 9 Pet. 117. The defendant King is in posession of a tract of 4,666 acres on the west bank of the Washita, from which the United States seek
to evict'him. He has vouched in warranty his grantor, the defendant Coxe, in the mode prescribed by the law of Louisiana.
Civil Code,' §§ 2476, "2493; Code of Practice, % 378, 380,
384. Cbxe has answered, and claims to have been the owner under a title derived directly from the Marquis de Maison Rouge, to whom the Spanish government granted, on the 20th of June, 1797, a large tract, Which continued to be the property of his
devisee at the time of the treaty, and of which" the tract in ,ontroversy *ispart. ' Coxe -also asks, by way of reconvention,
(Code of Practice, § 375,) that his own title to two thirds of. the whole tract granted to Maison Rouge may be confirmed; the other one third being vested, as he alleges, in the -heirs of Turner, as set forth in a document describing their respective
interests, and marked Schedule'A. ' On the trial, much evidence, documentary and parol, was offered on the part of the defend-
ants to maintain, and on the part of the United States to deny, the validity of the grant- to Maison Rouge, and the title of the defendants under it. It was chiefly denied on .three grounds; first, that the grant of the 20th of June, '1797, was connected with, or supplementary to, a contract made on the 17th of March, 1795, between the Spanish government and. Mai.on Rouge, for the settlement of emigrant families at Washita,
the conditions of which agreement, it was contended, had not been fulfilled by him; secondly, that the land embraced in the grant had never been separated by a survey from the royal domain, the one certified by Trudceau being alleged 'to be anted&ted and fraudulent; and, thirdly, that the defendant Coxe had estopped himself from all claim under the .grant .by accepting a league square, which- was patented to him by the United States on the 20th of December, 1842, pursuant to the provisions of the act of Congress. of the 29th of April, 1816 (3 Stat. at Large, 328). The Circuit*Court dismissed the plea of reconvention, found .the grant of the 20th of Jime, 1797, t9 be valid, and adjudged the title of the defendants to be good. A full opinion was prepared, filed, and is annexed to the record, setting forth the grounds on which the decree was made.
What error of law in these proceedings appears by the rebord
to have'been committed by the court? No exception was taken at the trial to the opinion of the

JANUARY TELM, 1849.

841

The United States v. King et al.

court, or to the judgmnent bills of exceptions were taken, both

by the plaintiffs and defendants, to decisions in regard to the

admission and rejection of evidence; no other exceptions ap-

pear up6n the record.

Although the decisions excepted to by the defendants are

clearly erroneous, yet it is not now material to inquire into

them, as the judgment of the court is in their favor. It would

be material so to do, if the decision of this court should be in

favor of the plaintiffs, and they entitle the defendants, in that

event, to the protection of a venire de novo, instead of a final

judgment against them, so that they may have the benefit of

the evidence of which-the decisions excepted to deprived them: I Was there any error in law in the decisions excepted to by

the plaintiffs?

The first, fourth1 and fifth bills of exceptions have been abandoned by the Attorney-General.

Was there any'error in law, in the form or substance of the

judgment itself,.on a review of which by this court it can be

legally reversed? No exception has been taken to the opinion ot the Circuit

Court, or any portion of it; there is no -agreed case; there is

no agreed or reported statement. of facts; there is no testimony

reduced to writing and sent up by the clerk; there is no certifi-

cate that, all the evidence received in the Circuit Court is, di-

rectly or indirectly, before this court. If, then, there is any

error, (beyond those in the bills of exceptions already disposed

of,) it must be in the mere terms and language of 'the decree

itself. Now the rules by which this,is to be ascdrtained are

.incontrovertiblb.. So far as the decree establishes a matter of

fact, it is conclusive, and cannot be revised. Penhallow v.

Doane, 3 Dall. 102; Wiscart v. Dauchy, 3 DalI. 327; Jennings

v. Thomas, 3 Dall. 336; United States v. Casks of Wine, 1

Pet. 550; Parsons v. Bedford, 3 Pet. 434; United States v. Elia-

son, 16 Pet. 301;, Minor v. Tillotson, 2 Hov. 394; Phillips v.

Preston, 5 How. 289. So far as the decree establishes a matter

of law dependent on a certain state of facts, it is conclusive,

.unless there be a formal exception taken to. such decision, with

a statement of all the facts necessary to its revision. Dunlop

v. Munroe, 7 Cranch, 270; Walton v. United States, 9 Wheat.

657; Parsons v. Armor, 3 Pet. 414; Carver v. Jackson, 4 Pet.

80; Hyde v. Boofaem, Il Pet. 169, 176; Phillips v. Preston, 5 How. 289; Louisiana Cod of Practice, % 488, 489, 495; Por-

ter v. Dugat, 9 Martin, 92 4 Mollew v. Thompson, 9 Martin, 275;

Kimball v. Lopez, 7 Louis. 175. It is a presumption of law,

that if any state of facts would sustain the decree, such state

of factswas established in the Circuit Court. Campbell v. Pat-

V L. V1I.

71

84

SUPREME COURT.

The UnitedCStates v, ° King et al.

terson, 7 Verim. 89; Butter v. Despalir, 12 Martin, '304; Mitchell
v.,White, 6 N. S. 409; Hill v. Tuzzine, 1 N. S. 599; Piedbas
v. Milne, 2 N. S-. 537; Fitz v. Cauchois, 2 N. S,265; Miller v. Whittier, 6 Louis.. 72; Love v. Banks, 3 Louis. 481. These rules apply as well to &decree of a court authorized to dscide "matters of fact, as to the-Verdict of a jury.. Mayhew v. Thompson,_6 Wheat. 130; 'Livingston v. Story, 9 Pet. 656; Reynolds .v.-Rogers, 5 Hamm. 172; Franklin Bank v. Buckingham, 12" Ohio, 482; M'Girk v. Chpuvin, 3 Missouri, 237. Even if the decree is obscure or defective in form, or contains what is sur-
plusage, yet it is sufficient if it follows the issue, and finds, affirmatively or negatively, the facts contested therein. Brown ;. Chase, 4 Mass. 436; Deering v. Halbert, 2 Litt. q92; Todd v. Potter, 1 Day, 238; Shepherd v. Naylor, 6 Ala. 638; Keene v. M'Donough, 8 Louis. 187. : · Examine- by these rules, the errors alleged to exist in the terms and-language of tlis.decree.
First, it is said that the Circuit Court adjudicated-the title to lands for which the United States have not sued. 'The language of the decree 'does not warrant this allegation; the dismissal of the plea of reconvention shows, conclusively, that the decree was confined to the lands claimed in the petition of the United States. The introdudtion of the title of Maison Rouge was by the United States, 'in their petition, wherein they declare it to be a pretended title, under which the defend-
ants set up a claim -which they deny.' The terms of the decree (even if obscurely expressed) are inconsistent'with any pther
judgment than that of the right of the defendant King to the tract conveyed and warranted to him by Coxe, and so described
in Schedule A, which is the land sued for by the United States, and no more,
Secondly, it is said that the Circuit Court .erred. in adjudicating the instrument of the 20th of June, 1797, to be a grant' to M.aison Rouge. Now, in the first place, it is to be remarked
that the Circuit Court do not say this; their decree is, that the .grant of land under that' instrument, and so held. by the de-
fendants, is valid; -that their title to the possession of it, as against the United States, is sufficiently established, and that
they ought to be quieted' in that possession. Such de'cre.es against a claim of the.United States, in a similar action, have been sustained by this court even wher6 the defendant has received no. formal instrument of grant whatever. United Stateg v. Fitzgerald, 15 Peters, 420. They will, in such case, protect an equitable as well as a strictly legal title; they,will not give back to the United States property which has been separated
from the royal domain. But, besides, if the Circuit Court has

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

84

The United States v.King et al.

adjudged this instrument to be a valid grant, -a complete title in forn, -have they erred, or, if they have erred, can-this court revise such error ?
Even if the Circuit Court committed an error, this court can-
not revise it. It is a question of fact. If the instrument- was signed by the governor, =--if it was in the form required. by the Spanish law, - if there was a survy ascertaining the land granted, - if the conditions of the graiit were performed by the graitee, -then the instrument was *a valid grant. All these are questions of fact; they have been 'adjudged affirmatively by the Circuit Court; 'they cannot be revised here. If the Circuit Court erred, their error was in no sense" an error of law; if any state of factp whatever could establish, in point of law, such a decree as they have made, that state of facts must be presumed, td have been proved. In any event, this decision of the Circuit Court is not their judgment on the point at issue; it is merely their reason for the judgment; it is mere surplusage; if omitted entirely, the decree would still have he'en responsive to the issue.
It is, not, then, necessary - it is not even competent - for this court to inquire whether the grant of the 20th of June, 1797, was a valid grant, even if the point"were presented by the icecord, which it is-not. But were that point examined, the decree of the*Circuit Court would be fully sustained. The power of the governor to make the grant is indisputable; and the language of the grant is, according to the Spanish law, silch
as to convey an absolute title. United States v. Arredondo, 6 Pet. 728; United States v. Clarke, 8 Pet. 436. It was located by a survey, - a plano figuratvo,- made by the surveyorgeneral. The conditions contained in it were. performed; and were formally certified so to have been by the competent Spanish authorities. - The objections - the. only objections - have been two, both of which are futile. The genuineness of the certificate of the surveypr-general was disputed; this objection has been now but faizntly pressed, if not.entirely abandoned. It rests on tlie.ex 'parteevidence of McLaughlin, Filhiol, and Pommier, which will not stand the test of-examination. The performance of the conditions has been denied by an ingenious argument, which seeks to connect the grant of 1797 with th6 contrAct of 1795, though in reality the first was meant 'to supersede the last,-to take its place. The contract involved the Spanish government in -heavy expenditures, and was particularly adverse to the policy of Morales, then becoming all-
powerful in 'the' civil administration of Louisiana. It was cofisidered by him desirable, especially after the treaty of 1795, to promote large settlements of foreign emigrants excluding the"

844

SUPREME COURT.

The United States'v. King et aL

Americans, in that part.of Louisiana, but, at the same' time, to avoid the heavy expenditures and numerous inconveniences of the contract system. Hence the grants to Maison Rouge and -Bastrop, in lieu of the previous plan of contracts and payments
by the government. To suppose that the former was a continuance of, and not a substitute for, the latter, "insot only unsustained by any evidence, but is adverse to the very objects the Spanish government sought to attain.-

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.
This case is one of much-interest to.the parties concerned,
and to the public. The, peculiar practice of Louisiana, which has been adopted
in the Circuit Court for that District, has produced some embarrassment in this case. According to the laws of that State, unless oie of the parties demurs on trial by jury, the court decides the fact as well as the law; and if the judgment is removed to a higher court for revision, the decision upon the fact as well as the law is'open for examination in the appellate court. The record transmitted to the Superior Court, therefore, in the. State practice,-necessarily contains all the evidence offered in the inferior court. And as there is no distinction between courts of law and courts of equity,, the legal and' equitable rights of the parties are tried arid decided in the same
proceeding.
In the courts of the United States, however, the distinction between courts of law and of equity is preserved in Louisiana as well as in the other States. ,And the removal of thd case
from the Circuit Court to this court is regulated by act-of Congress, and not by the practice of Louisiana; and the writ of error, -by'which alone a case can be removed from a Circuit Court when sitting as a court of law, brings up for revision here nothing but questions of law; and if the case has been tried according to the Louisiana practice, without the interven-
tion of ajury, the decisions of the Circuit Court upon questions
of fact are as conclusive as if they had been found by the jury. When this case was tried in the Circuit Court, neitheriparty
demanded a jury, and the' questions of fact which arose in, it were decided by the court. The record transmitted on the writ of error set forth all the evidence, as is usual in appeals in
the State 'courts; and it appeared that the authenticity of one of the instruments, under which the defendants in error claimed title, was disputed, and the conflicting evidence upon that subject stated in the record. " The Circuit Court decided that the paper was authentic, and executed at the. time it bore date. This question was fully.argued here, as will appear by the re-

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

846'

The United States v. King et aL.

port of the case in 3 Howard, 773; and the attention of the court not having been drawn to the difference between an appeal in the State practice and the writ of error from this court, it did not, in considering the case, advert to that distinction. And being of opinion that the weight of evid'ence was against the- authority of that instrument, it rejected it as not legally admissible, and, proceeding to decide'the case as if it were not before the court, it reversed the* judgment which the court below had given in favor of the defendants. Upon reconsideration, however, we were unanimously of opinion, that the decision of the Circuit Court upon this question of fact must, .like the finding of a jury, be regarded as conclusive; that the writ of error can bring up nothing but questions of law; and that, in deciding the question of title in this court, the paper referred to must be treated and considered as afithentic, and suficiently proved. And iii order that the defendants might have the benefit of the decision in the Circuit Court, the case was reinstated in this court at the last term, to be heard and decided upon the questions of law presented by the record, as it was originally brought up, without prejudice from the former decision o f this court.
It has been again argued at the present term ; and the case as it appears upon the record is this.
It is a petitory action, brought and proceeded in in the Circuit Court, accordiig to the Louisiana State practice. The suit is brought by the United States against Richard King, one of the, defendants in error, for a parcel of land lying in that State, and described in the petition. King answered, admitting that he was in possession of the land, and claiming title to it under a conveyance with warranty from Daniel W. Coxe, the othdr defendant; and prayed that he might be cited to appear -and defend the suit.. On the same -day, Coxe appeared and .answered, and alleged in his defence, that the land sued for
was part of a large tract of land which had been granted by the Baron de Carondelei to the Marquis de Maison Rouge, by an instrument of writing, dated June 20th, 1797, which he sets out at large in his answer; and by sundry intermediate conveyances, be deduces a title from Maison Rouge to himself for three fourths of the entire tract. He insists that the instrument of writing executed- by the Baron de Carondelet was a complete
grant conveying to the Marquis de Maison Rouge an indefeasible title to the land therein mentioned, and -that, from the date of the said instrument, it ceased to be a part of the royal domain, and became the private property of. the said Maison Rouge. He also avers that this grant was made in considera-
tion of services rendered by Maison Rouge in settling thirty 71*

846

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. King et al.

emigrant families on the Washita River, in Louisiana, under a contract made by him with the Baron de Carondelet, dated March "17, 1795, and approved by the kiiig of Spain on the 14th of July in the same year. And he then proceeds, in his answer, to assume- the character of plaintiff in reconvention, and prays that the grant pf the 20th of June, 1797, to the Marquis *de Maison Rouge may be declared valid, and,that lhe and King
may be recognized to be the lawful owners of theparts -of the said grant held by them, as described in the answer of King, and in a schedule annexed to his (Coxe's) answer;-and that they may be quieted in the ownership and possession of the same, and that the United States may be ordered to -desistfrom
treating and'cofisidering any part of said grant, as designated in a certain survey by John Dinsmnore, referred to particularly in his answer, as public property.
Upon this issue the parties proceeded to take testimony,
which is set out in full in the record. A great part of itIis immaterial, and much of -it relates to questions of fact which were disputed in the Circuit Court. This mode of making up., the record, which is borrowed from the State 'practice;-is irregular, and unnecessarily enhances the costs when a case comes up on writ of error. In cases whereo there is no jury, the facts, as decided by the court, ought regularly to be stated, and inserted in the record,,provided the parties cannot agree on a Statement. This is -most usually done by the court in pronouncing its judgment. In this case, there is a statement by the judge who decided- the case, containing his opinion both on the facts and the law, and which is -attaihed to the record, and has been sent up with it. But this opinion appears to have been filed, not only after the suit had been ended by a final judgment,'but after, a writ of error had been served removing the case to this court. This- statement-of the judge cannot, therefore; bp regarded as part of the reprd of the proceedings in the Circuit Court, which the writ of error brings up, and cannot therefore be
resorted to as a statement of the case. And as there is no. case stated by consent, it is necessary to examine whether the facts upon which the questions of law arise sufficiently appear
in the record to enable this court to take cognizance- of the
case. As we have already said, the action brought by the -Uhited
States is what, in the practice -in Louisiana, is called a petitory action, and is in the nature of an ejectment in a court of common law. In a State '-court where there is no distinction
between courts of law and courts of equity, the plaintiff in a petitory action might recover possession, or a defendant defend himself, under an equitable title. But the distinction between

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

847

The United States v. King et al.

law and equity is recognized everywhere in the jurisprudence
of the United States, and prevails (as this court has repeatedly decided) in the State of Louisiana, as well as in other States. And if these defendants had possessed an'equitable title against the. United States, as contradistinguished&from a legal one, it would have been no defence to this action. But no such title is set up, nor any evidence of it offered. The defendants claim under what they insist is a legal title, derived by the Marquis de Maison Rouge from the Spanish authorities.
Under the treaty with Spain, the United States acquired in sovereignty all the lands in Louisiana which had not before
been granted by the Spanish government, and severed as private property from the royal domain. It was incumbent, there-
fore, upon the defendants, to show*that the land in question 'had been so granted by the Spanish authorities; otherwise the United States were entitled to recover it.
The defendants,, in their answer, allege, that it is part of a
tract of land that was granted to the Marquis de Maison Rouge by an.instrument of writing executed by the Baron de Carondelet in "1797. -This instrument refers to the royal order of 1795, and the figuratire plan of Trudeau. The defendant Coxe also refers ifi his answer to these instruments, as containing a part of the evidence of his title-; relying upon the paper of 1795 as showing the services which fofmed the consideration of tie instrument upon which he relies as a grant. These instruments were all received by the Circuit Court as authentic and sufficiently proved, and are set forth at large in the record. The questionbetween the United States and the defendants is, whether, according to the-Spanish laws at that time in force in the province of Louisiana, the instrunient of writing dated in 1797 passed the title to the land deseribe.d in the 4gurative ,plan of Truddau'to the Marquis de Maisotli Rouge, as his pri-.
vate property. This is a question -of law to be decided by the court. And
it is altogether immaterial to that decision. to.inquire what em-
'igrants were introduced by Maison Rouge, or what authority he exercised within -the territory in question, because whatever was done by.him is admitted to have been done.under and by virtue of the authority derived from the instruments before mentioned; and it depends upon their construction to deter.mine whether it was done as the' agent of the. government or as owner of the land. His acts cannot alter, their construc-
tion. Confusedly, therefore, as this record has been made up, and
loaded as it is with irrelevanit'and unnecessary parol testimony, the facts upon which the question of title arises are as fully be-

W8.

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. King et al,

fore us as if they had. been set forth in the form of a case stated; the disputed questiorr as to the authority of the plan of Trudeau being, so far as this writ of error is concerned, finally
settled by the decision of the Circuit Court. We proceed, then, to examine the questi6n of title, and to in-
quire whether the land in question was conveyed to the Marquis de Maison Rouge by the Spanish authorities before the cession
to the Urlited States. The paper executed in 1795 is evidently a contract to bring
emigrants into the province, and not a grant of land. But as the instrument relied on by the defendants as a grant refers. to this, and is founded upon it, it-is necessary to examine particularly the stipulations contained in it, in order to ascertain its object, and to see what rights were intended to be conferred in the land destined- for the proposed settlement, and towhom.
they were to be granted.
This agreement states that the Marquis de Maison Rouge, an emigrant French knight, had proposed to-bring into the province thirty families, also emigrants, for, the purpose of forming an establishment with them on the lands bordering on 'the-Washita River, designed principally for the culture of wheat and the manufacture of flour. And -the provincial authorities agreed to pay to every family o-he bundred dollars for every useful laborer or artificer in. it, to furnish guides from New Madrid or New Orleans to the place of destination, to pay the expenses of their transportation from, those places, and to grant to each fami'ly containing two white persons- fit for agriculture ten arpens of land, extending back forty arpens, and increasing in the same
proportion to those which. should contain a greater nuinber -of white- cultivators. And European servants brought by the emigrants, bound to serve six or more years, if" they had families, were to be entitled to grants of land, propqrtioned in the same manner to their numbers, upon the expiration of 'their
term of service. It will be observed, that this contract contains no. stipulation
in favor of Maison Rouge. All the. engagements on the part of the government are in favor of the emigrants who should accept the conditions. Indeed, it seems to have beenw.no part of the purposes of this agreement to regulate the-compensdtion which he was to receive for his services. Its only object, as appears by the concluding sentence, was to make known the offers made' by, the Spanish government to those who Were dis-
posed to come. It was therefore to be shown by the Marquis to those whom he invited to remove to -his establishment, and it does not appear to have been thought necessary, and perhaps was not desirable, that his compensation or -his interest in

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

849

The United States v. King et al.

forming the'colony should be made public. That was a matter between him and the Spanish authorities, which doubtless was understood on both sides. -And whether it-was to be in
money, or in a future grant of land, does not appear. Certainly it was not to be in the land on which this establishment was to be formed, because the government was pledged to grant it to the colonists. The Provincial authorities, it seems; had not' the power, by virtue of their official stations, to enter into this agreement. After-it was drawn, it was transmitted to the king of Spain for his approval; and he -tified and confirmed it by a.royal order. All that was done under it, therefore, was done under the authority of this special order, and not by virtue of any power which belonged to the provincial officers, in virtue of the offices they held.
It is manifest from this contract, approved as it was by the - king, that Spaim was at that. time partitcularly, anxious to strengthen herself in Louisiana, on the Washita River, by emigrants from Europe. It is a matter of history, that, at that period, the political agitations .in Frande and the neighbouring nations on the, continent of Europe induced many to emigrate. These emigrants were, for the most part, persons who were attach - to the ancient order of things, or who were alarmed or dissatisfied with the changes which.rere taking place around
them, and consequently were precisely of that character, and imbued with those political feelings, which the Spanish government would prefer in the colonists who settled -in the province of Louisiana. The very liberal ahd unusual terms offered in this contract shows its anxiety on the subject. Its evident object was to obtain a body of agriculturists froni the continent of Europe, who would settle together under one common leader, in whom the government could confide, and form a colony or establishment of themselves. Such a colony, in sufficient numbers to afford some degree of protection against Indian
marauders, would, by opening, cultivating, and improving the place of-their settlement, create inducements to others of their friends or countrymen to. join them, and thus promote te early settlement of that part of the province, which this agreement shows 'he Spanish government was anxious, to accomplish.
The Marquis de. Maisoti Rouge, it seems, from his position as an emigrant French knighf, was regarded as a suitable per-
son to be employed in forwarding this policy. What were his peculiar duties is ;not defined in this agreement; but it ap-
pears that he was to make known the offers bf the government, and select the colonists-, and superintend the settlement and formation of the establishment. It is too plain to be question-.

850

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. King et aL

ed, that, in doing this, he was, by the agreement, to act as the agent of the government, and hot as the proprietor of the land.
The contract specifies no particular place. on the Washita. It merely provides that it should be on the lands bordering on that river. -And the Spanish authorities, in their desii-e to settle that part of the province, -- as these unusual offer' so clearly evince, - would f naturally be ready to, make grants to
others. ',There was danger, therefore, that the unity of the establishment of Maison Rouge might be broken in 'upon by
intervening grants to persons with whom he had no connection, and wh9, as they did not come under his auspices, might not be disposed to submit to his superintendence, or acknowledge the authority which the Spanish government had conferred on him. The success of his establishment might thus
be endangered. There was another omission; He contracted to bring in thirty families. It. might well be doubted, under the terms of this agreement, whether the promises-of the government extended beyond that number; and others might
be deterred from coming, under the impression that they would not reap the like.advantag6s. These omissions were calculated to embarrass the establishment; and retard its success. Indeed,
it appears by the figurative plan of Trudeau, that grants to oth-
ers had then already been made:in the territory there marked out; and it 'will, appear, we think, upon examining the instru.ment of 1797, that, these were the omissions it intended to
supply, and the difficulties- it intended to remove. It was to carry the plan of 1795 into more: perfect execution, not to make
a grant to ]4aison Rouge.
, It begins by reciting that the Marquis de Maison Rouge had
nearly completed the -establishment on the Washita which he was authorized to niake by .the royal order of 1795, and. then assigns, as a reason for executing this instrument, the desire to remove for the future all doubts respecting biher families or new colonists that might-come to establish themselves. This
is the only motiv.e assigned, and therefore was the only object which this paper was intended to accomplish. The doubt had
arisen under the contract of 1795, and that doubt did not con1cern Maison Rouge nor the thirty families which he had contracted to bring, but other families and new colonists that might come to establish themselves. And in order to -remove these doubts, it destines and appropriates for*the establishment aforesaid the thirty superficial leagues marked in the plan of
Trudeau, under the terms and conditioiis.stipulated and contracted for by'the said Maison -Rouge. That is to say, it'Ap-
propriates a large tract of country, far beyond. the wants of the 'thirty families, in :order to show that there would be room for

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

851

The- United States v. King et al.

the other families or new colonists. It is to be for the 'exclusive use of the colony which Maison Rouge was to establish, to prevent the apprehension of disturbance from other persons; and it is declared to-be under the same terms and conditions,
in order to satisfy those other families, or new colonists, that the liberal provision made for the thirty families would also be extended to them.. And the instrument also states that this territory is appropriated for "1the establishment,aforesaid," that is, for the establishment authorized by the, contract of 1795,
and not for one to be made under a new contract; and it further states; that it is made by virtue of the powers granted by
the king, evidently- referring to the royal order which was
before mentioned in this instrumenit, and showing that the provincial officers who'signed it were acting under special author-
.ity, and not under their general powers to grant land. Every expression in this irstrument indicates that it was executed to
remove doubts which might arise under the previous contract, and to carry that plan into full effect.. There is not a word or
provision in it which implies that there were any doubts about the *rightsof Maisou Rouge under his contract, or that he was to have any other rights under this than were given to him by
his former agreement. .The land is appropriated for "1the establishment aforesaid." In other words, it was to be the same establishment, with the same rights, but -with limits more distinctly defined, and the rights of other families and new colonists who might unite themselves with the original thirty
more clearly recognized. It is said that the last instrument should be construed by
itself, as distinct from the previous contract, and that the contract of 1795 -was referred to merely to show the services which were rendered under it by the Marquis de. Maison Rouge, as.the consideration upon which this grant was made
to him. It is a sufficient answer to this argument to say, that
the last instrument, in express terms, states that the motive for making it was to remove doubts in the former one as to other families and new colonists, and consequently could not have been designed to be an independent agreement, conferring new
rights upon Maison Rouge alone; It in. effect negatives the idea, that the first 'Was regarded as a mere consideration; for upon such an interpretation, there would be n6 doubts to be removed as to the new colonists. They would have no interest in it. There would be the certainty that the services bad
been rendered by MWison Rouge, and that this instrument intended. to reward him.. Beid6s, the last instrument would be unmeaning and unintelligible without xeferring to. the
first.'.and construing them together. It would be impossi-

852

.SUPREME COURT.

The U.nited States v. King et aL

ble, without taking the two agreements'together, to understand from "the Ist what was meant by the. establishment of the Marquis de Maison Rouge, or how it was to be formed, or what were to be the privileges of the new colonists, or what were the conditions contracted for by Maison Rouge. None of these' things are specified. -in the instrument of 1797. It refers for them to the former contract.
But if this instrument is.taken by itself, and regarded as independent -of the other, it contains no 'Words of grant, none. of the words 'which were emplo~red in the colonial Spanish grants which intended to sever the land from the royal domain, and to convey 'it as individual private proprty. It is .true that the Spanish bolonial grants are in general more summary and brief than common law conveyances. But they are by no means loosely or carelessly expressed; and it must not be supposed that they are ambiguous because they are brief. On the contrary, the intention to, convey is always expressed in lear and distinct terms. And' these grants, like the patents for land. issued by tthe government in this country; appear ,to have been prepared by officers of the government well acqudinted with- the coIoni~l usages and forms. 'Thus, for exI ample; in-the case of Arredondo and Son, reported in 6 Peters, 694, where the grant was for a large tradt, upon condition thatthe parties should. at their own expense establish two hundred families upon it, it is expressly stated, that the land was granted according to'the figurative plat, "in order that they may. possess the..same as their own property, and- enjoy it .as the' exclusive owners thereof."
It cannot be supposed that a grant of thirty superficial leagues, far beyond the quantity, usually conveyed "to an individual, would have been carelessly drawn in new and 'unusual terms, calculated to create doubts, and that established forms and usages would be disregarded and needlessly departed from. Certainly there is every reason to believe; that, if this land was' intended to be conveyed to the Marquis de Maison Rouge, that intention -would have been expressed vith- at least ordinary lperspicuity. Yet, among the many cases of Spanish colonial grants which have come before this court, we are not aware of one, great. or small, in which a paper in language resembling 'this has. ever before been produced and claimed as a grant.
The note at the foot of this instrument has been relied on to prove that-it was intended to be a grant. We think it is not susceptible of that construction, and that its language proves the contrary. The note is 'a short one, and merely -says, that, "in conformity with his contract, the Marquis de Maison Rouge is not to admit or establish any American on

JANUARY TERM, .1849.

853

The United States v. King et al.

the lands included in his grant." The lands mentioned in this

note are undoubtedly the lands described in the body of the

instrument, and his establishment was to be formed on them.

The note apprises him, that, in doing so, he must conform to

his contract, and not admit any American. There was there-

fore a preexisting contract in relation 'to this settlemenR, by

which the rights of the parties were definel, and by -which

Maison Rouge was prohibited from- admitting or establishing

-Americans upon- this land. The contractieferred, io-is evi-

dently the contracf of 1795. We hear of no other. '-Tbhe -thirty.

families "which Maison Rouge was to introduce jinder that

agreement were to be emigrants, - Europeans-; -aid-he is. to

conform to this stipulation, in introducing the -*other.. families

and new colonists, in the thirty superficial leagues marked out

on Trudeau's plan. They were not to be. Americans. The

establishment formed on this land was therefore to be made

under the contract of 1795, and the rights of both parties reg-

ulated by it. The note in question' was appended, because

the body of the instrument referred only to the undertakings

of the government, and without this note Maison Rouge

.might have regarded himself as absolved from his agreement

as to the character of the additional or new .colonists. But

how- could he be required to conform to his contract, unless

the contract spoken of was to be carried into eFecution upon

this territory? The words, "lands included in his grant,"

which are used in the note, mean nothing more than the lands

set apart and appropriated by this instrument for his establish-

ment; and to give them any other meaning would make this

brief note unmeaning, and inconsistent with itself. He was

not to admit or establish Americans in the territory destined

and appropriated for the establishment which he -was to form,

under the contract of 1795,- that contract- requiring this

establishment to be formed of emigrants. This appears to be

the plain meaning of this note, and we can -see nothing in it

that will justify a different construction, or give any reason to

suppose that a grant was intended to Maison Rouge .as his

private property.

It is objected, also, that the decision of the Circuit Court,

upon the question of title, is not brought here by the writ of

error, because no exception was taken to it in the court below:

But no exception can be taken where there is no jury, and

where the question of law is decided in deliveringthe ,final

judgment of the court. It is hardly necessary to-refer to au-

thorities on this point; but it may be proper to say, that in

Craig v. The State of Missouri, 4 Peters, 427, and in another

case which we. shall presently notice, this court have .held,

VOL. VII.

72 '

854-

SU9PREME COURT..

The United States v. King et aL_

that, where the Circuit Court decides, as in this case, both the
fact and the law, no exception can regularly,be taken. 1Ivbn in a court of common law, an exception is. never taken to the judgment of the court upon a case stated, or on a special verdict; yet the judgment is subject to revision in the appellate.
court. The same rule must prevail where the facts upon which the inferior court decided appear in the record ; - like a case stated, the question in the superior court necessarily is, whether the judgment of the' court below was erroneous or. not upon the facts before it,. as they are certified in the record.
. Under this view of the subject, which brings the question of right directly before us for decision, it is-perhaps hardly 'necessary to 'say any thing as to the manner in which the judgment was entered in the Circuit Court., But -if the defence of King
could have been maintained, yet" the language in which. the judgment was rendered is open to serious objection. It may -have been intended to cover only the land-in controversy in the suit against King. But it may well bear the construction of being not only a judgment in favor of King, but also in favor Df Coxe, for the large portion of this territory to which he claims title in his answer, and for which he became plaintif in reconivention against the United States under the Louisiana practice. In- the opinion before mentioned, .which was filed by the judge after the case had been removed by writ of error, he -states-that he overrules the plea- in reconvention because it. ilaced the
- United States in the attitude of a defendant as to the land thus claimed. This decision is undoubtedly right. But yet in the judgment, as stated in the record, -the plea in reconvention is not overruled, and its language would rather seem to imply that it was a judgment against the United'States in favor of -Coxe fof the land claimed by him in reconvention, ds *ell as infavor of King for the land sued for "by the United States.IIf this is the meaning of the judgment, it woula be obviously erroneous, even if King had made good his defence.. But it is unnecessary to decide what is it legal construction, because, in either view of it, the judgment is erroneous, and must be
reversed, Neither is it necessary to examine in *detail the%exceptions
taken at the trial to the admission of testimony. In some un-importani particulars, the evidence objected to. was, not admissible. But where. the court decides the fact and the law with-a
out the intervention of a jury, the admission, of 'illegal. testimony,'even if material, is not of itself a ground for reversiig the judgment, nor.is it properly the'subject of a bill of excep-
tions. If evidence appears to. have been improperly admitted,

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

855

The United States v. King et al.

the appellate court will reject it, and proceed to decide the case as if it was not in the record. - This is the rule laid down in the case of Field et al. v. The United States, 9 Pet. 202, and is undoubtedly the correct one. It is certainly -proper, where evidence supposed not to be legal is received by the court, to enter on the record that it was -objected to. But this is done to show that it was not received by consent, and a formal bill of exceptions is not requred to bring it to the notice of the superior court. It may, however, be done in that form, if the parties and the court think proper to adopt it; and the objections have been so stated in this case, in conformity, we presume, with the Louisiana practice. But as the material evidence in the case was all legally before the Circuit Court, it would be useless to examine whether errors were committed as to.portions of it which are altogether unimportant. And this court being of opinion, for the reasons hereinbefore siated, that this instrument of writing relied on by the defendants did not convey, or intend to convey, the land in question to the Marquis de Maison Rouge, the judgment of the Circuit Court 'must be reversed, and the cause remanded, with directions to enter a .judgment for the United States for the land described in their petition.

Mr. Justice McLEAN, Mr. Justice WAYNE, Mr. Justice McKINLEY, and Mr. Justice GRIER dissented from this opinion. Mr. Justice McLEAN and Mr. Justice WAYNE fied opinions in writing, as follows.

Mr. Justice McLEAN. Had not' my brother judges pronounced the above opinion, I
should not have supposed there could be any difficulty in determining the character and effect of the grant in question. Being in the minority, I shall only state some of the grounds on which my opinion has been formed.
The validity of the grant depends upon the laws of Spain in 1797, the time it .bears date. Those laws were fdreign, and are required to be proved. The incorporation of Louisiana into the Union cannot affect this principle. The treaty of cession and the acts of Congress subsequently enacted, recognizing private rights in the ceded territory, only reiterated the well-established principles of the laws of nations. In the language of the act of Congress, we are to look "to the laws and ordinances of the government under which the elaim 'originated."
On the 17th of March, 1795, the Baron de Carondelet, Governor of Louisiana, and others, entered into a contract with the Marquis de Maison Rouge, which was sanctioned by the king of

'856

SUPREME COURT. -

The United States v. King'et aL

Spain, to bring into "these provinces thirty families, emigrants, for the purpose of forming an establishment with them on the lands bordering upon the Washita, designed principally for the culture of wheat," &c., on the following conditions:-lst. Two hundred dollars to .be paid out of the royal treasury for every family composed of two persons fit for agriculture, &c., four hundred dollars to those having four laborers, andl in the ,same proportion for a less number. " 2d. A guide to be ffirnishdd them. 3d. Their transportation to be paid, not exceeding three thousand pounds- to each family. 4th- Ten arpens of land, extending back forty arpens, for a family of two laborefs, and in the 'same proportion for a greater number. 5th. Other privileges.
The Marquis performed much labor, and consequently incurred much expense, in ihe fulfilment of the contract. And on the 20th of June, 1797, the Baron de Carondelet andiAndres Lopez Armesto executed to the -Marqiis the following instrument: - " Forasmuch as the Marquis de Maison Rouge is near completing the establishment of the Washita, which he was ,authorized to-,make for thirty families, by the royal order of July 14th, 1795, and desirous to remove for the future all
doubt respecting other families or new colonists who may come to establish themselves, we destine and appropriate conclusively for the establishment of the aforesaid Marquis de Maison Rouge, ,by virtue of the powers granted to us- by the Yung, the thirty superficial leagues marked in the plan annexed 'to the head of this instrument, with the limits and boundaries designated, with our approbation, - by the Surveyor-General, Don Carlos Lareau Trudeau, under the terms and conditions stipulated and, contracted by the said Marquis de .Maison Rouge," &c.
d Note, that, in conformity with his contract, the Marquis Ae Maison Rouge is, not to admit or establish any-American in the lands included in his grant."
The certificate of the surveyor, Carlos Trudeau, laid down
the surveys with precision, stating the superficial total at two 'hundred and eight thousand three- hundred- and forty-four superficial arpens, equal -t.o thirty leagues, &c. And the surveyor adds: -- "It being well understood that the lands included "in the foregoing plats, which are held by titles in form, or by virtue of afresh decree of commissioni arehot to compose a part of-ihe thirty .degrees; on the contrary, the Marqqis of Maison Rouge promises .not to injure any of the said occupants, promising to maintain and support them in all their iights, since if it should happen that the said thirty leagues should suffer any diminution of the land occupied, there will be no objection br inconvenience. to the said Marquis de Maison

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

87

The United Statei v. 'King et aL

Rouge's completing or making up. the deficiency in any other place where there are. vacant lands, and to the satisfaction of
the concerned." This survey, being annexed to the patent and referred to in
it, constitutes a part of the grant, with the conditions speci-
fied.
The error in the argument seems to be in supposing.this grant to have been issued in fulfilment of the contract of. 1795.
The grant was in no way connected with that contract, except. as showing the consideration on which the grant was' made to ·the Marquis, and with the express view of relieving the royal treasury, which was often without funds, from the charges imposed by the contract. Charles Tessier, now a judge in Louisiana, was chief clerk in the land-office, and who made 'out the grant, states, that "Rendon and Morales successively'filled the * office of 'intendant,' and being charged viith the public finances, which were, greatly embarrassed for want of money, they made
difficulties about paying for the families'which Maison Rouge introduced and was authorized to introduce, and tried to get rid of farther advances to Maison Rouge.",- And the witness
- says the land was not worth so much as the expenses'of the government might amount to in. the end. And J. Mercier, another witness, confirms the statement of Tessier.
The truth of these statements is sustained by the words of the grant,. The royal order of 1795 being referred to, the grant
states: - "And desirous to remove for the future 'all doubt re.specting. other families or new colonists who may come to establish themselves, we desfine and appropriate conclusively for the establishment of the'aforesaid Marquis'de Maison Rouge," &c. Now it must be observed that the Marquis was the mere agent of the government under the contract of 1795. He was to. have no ihterest in the land, nor did the government, in the contract', propose to pay im for his services. That this enterprise was deemed one of great importance is shown by the
gratuity of land and money given by the government 'to fa rilies, and also in agreeing to pay the expense of their transportation. And, the government being -" desirous to remove for the future all doubt respecting other families or new colonists who may come to establish themselves," &c. These were no part of the families under the first contract, but "other families." 'So
that the' families or colonists which should come under the grant were not to come under the contract, but to settle under
the.grant, having no claim on'the government. This"relieved
the royal treasury from any further embarrassment on accouint of the contract- of 1795, and removed all doubts in regard to such settlers.
72*

858

SUPREIE COURT.

The United States v. King et al.

But the land was grated to the Marquis de Maison Rouge, .subject only to the terms of the grant And of those specified' in the certificate of the surveyor, which were incorporated into the grant. The conditions thus expressed were, that the Marquis should not admit "any American in the lands included in his grant." And he was to protect the rights of those who had a good title to ,lands within his grant, and should receive other lands in lieu of those thus held. These two conditions consfi-. tuted the contract referred to, I have no doubt, in the note affixed to the grant. There was, then, no connection betveen
the grant and the contract of 1795, except as the latter showed
the meritorious services'of the Marquis, which constituted, in part at least,, the'consideration cif the grant.
But was-this instrument a grant? Under the common law it was not a grant, but it is one under the civil law. If the instrument separates the land fror the public domain, and appropriates it to the use of aft individual, it is a grant. No wbrd§ of
inheritance or terms of grant are necessary by the civil law. In this grant the words are, "We destine and appropriate conclusively for the establishment of the aforesaid Marquis," &.c.
Now these terms appropriate the land described "conclusively." Nothing. could be.more specific than this. It separates the land designated in the plat from the lands in the crown, and no subsequent condition was annexed. He had nearly completed the establishment of the Washita under the contract of 1795, and for these services the grant was made. If the grant had re-
quired the Marquis to do -certain things, as to settle a number of families, there would be some apparent ground to say, that'. he, or those claiming inder him, must show a preformance of the condition. But even in such a case the grant would be good, for the cession of the pountry by Spain to France, and by France to the United States, within a short time afte'r the
grant, would have'excused the performance of such.a condition. It -oud be strange indeed if our governnent should require the performance of a condition which exclut ,s our own citizens from benefits, and gives them to foreigners. This point has been 'decided in the case of Arredondo.
But the most conclusive answer to this view is, that the grant required no such condition, and that, in this respect, it has no connection with the contract of 1795. That contract, by this grant, was admitted to be nearly completed, and there was
no requirement ,that it should be completed. It was found -burdensome to the' treasury, and was abandoned. Under 'that contract, titles were madeto the settlers and not to the Marquis: And the land for ihe thirty families would have required
a small tract in comparison with that covered by the grant.

JANUARY TERM 1849.
The United States v. King et al.
This instrument, it is said, does not -purport to be a grant. If this be so, those who issued it, and all others who have offi-, cially and professionally examined 'it heretofore, have been strangely mistaken. Charles Tessier, who was a principal clerk in the office of the Spanish government of Louisiana for making grants of land, and who made out this grant, says it "was de-nominated and considered as a titulo en forna, arid was such complete .and perfect evidence of title as not to require any other to validate or strengthen it." 3. Mercier, who was a clerk in the land-office with Tessier,, also states that it is a^ grant. Both of these persons, from their public duties, must have been as well acquainted with the forms of 'titles then used, and indeed better, than any other persons.. And this is a matter of fact to 'be.established.
The. commissioners appointed by the government to investigate land titles in Louisiana reported, in 1812, "that the instrument under date of the 20th- June, 1797, is a patent, or what was usually, in Louisiana, dbnominated a title in form."
This claim being before the House of Representatives in -1817, a committee reported, that they "are of opinion that it is a legal and formal title, according to the laws and usages of the .province of Louisiana." Other reports were made by a committee of the Senate confirmatory of the grant. The confirmation of the claim to a league square, by Congress, was a recognition of the grant. On no other supposition could the act of the 29th of April, 1816, confirming the league square, have been passed.
There can be no question that this grant would have been held valid' under the Spanish government, and, both by the, treaty of dession and the laws of nations, it must be held valid by this government. The largeness of the claim can be no objection to it. Tracts as large were given, for services, less meritorious -than those rendered by the Marquis de Maison Rouge, by the Spanish goverufient. Grants were made, under that government, for seivices, civil or military, performed or to be performed. And there was no service deemed more 'meri'torious by Spain, except military service, than that of estab.' lishing colonies, reducing the country to cultivation, constructing mills, and other improvements. The quantity granted was left generally to .the discretion of the governor or other officer who represented his sovereign in making the grant.
. If this instrument be a grant which would have' beei held valid by the Spanish government, then we are bound in good faith so to consider it. And: I cannot entertain any doubt that it is a compldte grant; and therefore I dissent from the decision of a majority of the court.

8SUPREME

COURT.

The United States v. King et al.

,Mr. Justice WAYNE. Four of us do not concur with the majority of the judges in
the judgment given by them in this case. I will now give my reasons -fornot doing so, comprehending
in what I shall say, as well I can, those objections which were urgedj in our consultations upon the case, by Messrs. Justices McLean, McKinley, and Grier, against the judgment.
Apart from every consideration connected with the intrinsic validity of the grant, and the defendants' title under it, I regard this judgment as unwarranted either by the case presented on
the record, by t#4 conduct and decision of this court in respect to it.at the last term, or by the course and argument of coun-
sel- which have necessarily resulted from, and been limited by, that decision. Besides; in my view, it does injustice to other parties, now regularly before the court, who were entitled to be heard, according to our rules and practice, before a decision was made which, in effect, decides their rights, and takes what may be their property from th~m, without a hearing.
IOn these grounds I dissent from the judgment. But in addtion to them, the .evidence'on the record, imperfect as it may
seem to be to others as to the intrinsic merits of the. defendants' title, - for that point does not purport to be now present-T ed f6r our adjudication, -is yet sufficient to satisfy me that the grant to the Marquis de Maison Rouge is, in form and substance, genuine, valid, and complete, conferring upon him, and those who claim under him, a just and perfect title under the treaty
by which Louisiana was ceded to the United States. This suit was a petitory action, brought by the United States
in the Circuit Court of "Louisiana, in the year 1843, to recover from the defendant, Richard King, a tract of land of 4,606 acres, lying on the west side of the Washita River, in that State. The defendant denied that the-United States. had -any title -to
the land; and he further prayed, in accordance with the law and practice of Louisiana, that, as he derived his title by purchase from Daniel W. Coxe, who had warranted it, he might be cited as warrantor, and made a party defendant in the suit.
Coxe came in and filed -his-answer. He also denied that the United States had any title to the land; and he further alleged, that the tract in controversy was part-of a large body of land to which his own title was a valid one, derived from the Marquis de-Maison Rouge, who was aninhabitant of Louisiana, to Whom the Spanish government had granted it in due form, anil
in whom it was legally vested previous to the treaty of the 30th of April, 1803, which ceded that territory to the.United States, and 'guarantied to the inhabitants the full enjoyment of their property. In his answer, he further put in a plea of "recon-

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

861

The United States-v. King et aL

venti6n," also in accordance with the law and practice of Louisiana, wherein he asked, to be quieted in his own title to the whole grant, against the United -States; and he annexed a statement, marked Schedule A, in which the different tracts sold by him since he became the purchaser were particularly set forth, among which was that conveyed to the defendant King, for the recovery of which the suit was brought.
By the Code of Procedure of Louisiana, (Art. 494. 495,) the mode of proceeding in which must, by the provisiQns of the act of Congress of the 26th of May, 1824, (4 Stat at Large, 63,) regulate the practice of the courts of the United States in that district, either party is entitled to a trial by jury; but if that mode is not preferred, the issue of fact, as well as of law, is to be tried by the court, the finding of the facts by the court being, in that bvent, equivalent to the verdict of a jury.
This was done in the present case. In the summer of 1843, the defendant and warrantor, Coxe,
being anxious for the termination of the suit, entered into an agreement, which appears on the record, (page 80,) whereby it was stipulated that it should be immediately set down for trial, and he consented tothe admission of much documentary evidence, chiefly derived from, or appended to, reports of committees of Congress. Among these documents was a pamphlet published by a person of the name of Girod, who was an adverse claimant -to - tract of land alleged to be within the Maison Rouge grant; and also several depositions, annexed to the pamphlet, which purported to have been legally taken in suits that had been instituted many years before against, the defend-
ant Coxe.. It was also stipulated by the agreement, that bills of exceptions might be taken by either party, not only during' the actual trial, but even after the decision, until the record, if there should be a writ of error, was transmitted to this court.
When the trial came on, the plea of -reconvention put in by
the warrantor was dismissed by the court, "-because, under the practice of Louisiana, it is to be regarded in the light of a new
suit, and consequently places the government in the attitude of a defendant before the court." (Record, 182.)
In addition to the documentary evidence admitted by the agreement, a number of. persons were examined at the bar. Their testimony appears to. have been mainly directed to establish the genuineness and authenticity of the grant of Baron Carondelet to Maison. Rouge, and of the piano figurativo of Trudeau, the surveyor-general, which was annexed to it;, to rebut the contrary evidence derived from Girod's pamphlet, and which was supposed to exist in'the old depositions printed with
'it; and to show the complete validity of the grant in question,

862

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. King et al.

so far as it depended on the Spanish laws and the recognized

and 'settled practice of the Spanish government. None of the

oral testimony -and there were seven or eight witnesses-

was reduced to-writing, or appears in any shape or form upon

the record.

After a trial, which occupied several days, the Circuit Court

found and decreed the grant of the 20th of June, 1797, to be

a valid instrument, and adjudged the title under it of the de-

fendant King, and Coxe, his warrantor, to be legal and good to

the tract mentioned in the answer of the former, and in Sched-

ule A annexed tb that of the latter. This, under the law and

practice. of Louisiana, was a complete and definite finding .by

the court of the facts at issue, - equivalent to the verdict of a

jury.

I I

No opinion was delivered by the court at the time this de-

cree was given, but one was subsequently prepared and filed,

and is annexed to the record. It presents in a cogent and suc-

cinct manner, but more in detail, the matters of fact, of which'

the decree gives the summary result; and shows that they were

founded on very full evidence, oral as well as documentary, .and especially that the testimony derived from Girod's pam-

phlet was, in the opinion of the court, conclusively disposed

of by that of "persons who had equal, if not better, opportu-

nities of acquiring a knowledge of the facts set forth."

No exception was taken 9n the behalf of the United States to

any portion of this opinion,, although the agreement gave full

power to counsel to do so at any stage of the legal proceedings.

In the progress of the trial, however, five bills of exceptions

were taken by the counsel of the United States to the rulings

of the court, and three by the defendants. Upon the latter it

is unnecessary to express an opinion, as th6 judgment was in

favor of the defendants, further than to remark, that, if it had

been otherwise, they might have afforded a sufficient ground

for its reversal.

The bills of exceptions on the part of the United States did

not embrace any error in the opinion of the court, or in its de-

cision of any legal point arising out of the validity of the grant,

or its construction, or the Spanish law or practice in relation to

such instruments, but were confined exclusively to the rejec-

tion and admission by the court of certain documentary evi-

dence. To each bill of exceptions was annexed, separately

and distinctly, the testimony connected with it and necessary

to a decision upon it.

A writ of error was issued in behalf of the United States,

returnable to this court at Decdmber term, 1843. With

this writ of error were returned not only the five bills of

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

863

The United States v. King et al.

exceptions taken by the counsel of the United States, with the evidence embraced therein, but also the three bills of exceptions taken by the defendant. This, however, formed but a small part of the errors of the clerk of the Circuit Court in making up and returning the Tecord. To these bills of exceptions he annexed a great mass of documentary testimony, a large part of which con-
sisted of, printed pamphlets, and among them the pamphlet of Girod, with its appendix; but whether all even of the documen-
tary testimony which had been exhibited at the trial was embraced, did not appear; "and it is certain that no portion whatever of the parol evidence had been reduced to writing, or was embraced: in the record, 4lthough the judge had expressly relied upon it as contradicting the allegations in the documentqxy evidence' It also contained evidence on the part of the defendant, to prove that the grant in question was a valid grant, accord-
ing to the Spanish laws and practice in regard to such official acts. On this singular record, the case was argued before this court
on th6 24th of February, 1845. The opinion of the court (3 Howard, 773) was against the validity of the grant, the judgment of the Circuit Court was reversed, and the cause was
remanded to it "for further proceedings to be had thereon in conformity'with the opinion of the court."
In the argument of the case, reference was largely had to the documentary evidence improperly introduced into the record;
and the plaintiffs' bills of exceptions, which alone were properly before the court, were scarcely adverted to.
The opinion of the cotirt was put upon the fact, which it considered established by the testimony, that the certificate of
Trudeau, or the planofigtrativo,annexed to the grant, was antedated and fraudulent ; and that therefore, if the grant itself was a gen .iine instrument, it had not "the aid of an authentic
survey to ascertain and fix the limits of the land, and to determine its location." This opinion in regard to the genuineness of the certificate of Trudeau was thus expressed: - " After an attentive scrutiny and collation of the whole testimony, we think it is perfectly clear that this certificate of Trudeau is antedated and fraudulent; and we refer to the evidence of Pilhiol, McLaughlin, and Pommier, as establishing conclusively that the actual survey, upon which this certificate was made
out, did not take- place until December, 1802, and January, 1803 ; and that the one referred to by the goveraor in the paper of 1797 (the alleged grant) was for land in a different place, and higher up the Washita River. We are entirely convinced that the survey now produced was not made in the life-
time of the Marquis of Maison Rouge, who died in 1799, but
after his death, and at the instance of Louis Bouligny, who, ac-

864

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Eting et aL

cording to the laws of Louisiana, was' what is thera termed the
forced heir of the Marquis; and that it wac made in anticipation and expectation'of the cession of the country to the United States, the negotiations upon that subject being then actually
pending, and the treaty of cession signed on the 30th of April, 1803. We see no reason to doubt the truth of the witnesses to whom we have referred. On the contrary, they are supported by the testimony of other witnesses, and by various
circumstances detailed-in the record." It will be seen from this opinion, that the judgment of the
reversal of this court was not founded upon any error of law presented in the bills of exceptions in the record, nor even upon any facts stated in those bills of exceptions; but that it was purely a judgment on the facts of the case, different fropa that which was found by-the. Circuit Court of Louisiana,
sitting without a jury, and found mainly upon the -old depositions of three witnesses, which are in. the appendix to Girod's
printed pamphlet. Neither in the judgment, nor in the opinion of the court, did I concur at that time..
Upon the return of the record, with this opinion,, to the Circuit Court of Louisiana, on the 9th of May, 1845, the attorney of the United States moved that the case should be taken up for final decision. The attorney of the defendant, on the other hand; moved for a new trial, and prayed for a jury; and in an affidavit, it was sternly urged upon the court, that, in the previous trial, the case had b'een prepared, and conducted under the belief of the law being well -settled, that, in a petitory action, in which neither party called for a jury, the finding- of the facts by the court would be considered by the Supreme Court as equivalent to a, special verdict, and- would not be reversed, except so- far as they might be brought up by bills of exceptions. The affidavit then went on to show, not only that several witnesses, whose- testimony was not reduced to
writing, had -prbved the genuineness of the certificate of Trudeau, and his unimpeachable official and private character, but that the very depositions of Filhiol, McLaughlin, and
Pommier, from which the Supreme Court took the facts on which it mainly relied, discarding from them the finding of the Circuit Court, were exparte, and had been taken without notice to, or the knowledge of, the claimants under the Marquis of Maison Rouge. The affidavit then alleged that the defendants could again prove before the jury, and corroborate with additisnal evidence, the facts which had been. found by the court upon the former trial.
The Circuit Court overruled the application, and ordered a .finaljudgment to be -entered for the United States, and against

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

$65

'The United States v. King et al.

the defendant, regarding the judgment and opinion of' the'

Supreme Court as a final one against the validity of the grant,

and being commanded by its decree to "proceed according

to that judgment and opinion." To this judgment a general

exception was taken, and the case came again before this court-

on a writ of error, -and was argued at the fast term, December

15th, 1847. This argument has not been reported, probably

because no formal decree of reversal or affirmance was mhade.

It embraced, however, an elaborate view of the whole course

of proceeding which had occurred, and made it apparent, that,

in the statement of the merits of the case in the previous opin-

ion of the Supreme Court, great error'had been committed in-

the assertion of facts; and that, in rejecting the finding of the

Circuit Court as conclusive evidence of -the facts, and in per-

mitting an inquiry into errors of law not made the subject of

bills of exceptions, there had been a deviation equally great

from the well-settled'decisions of this court.

The.iuit was not, as this court admitted in its decision, "a

controversy. in a court -of equity, but in a: court of law-; the

petitory action brought by the United States in the Circuit'

Court of Louisiaha being in the nature of an action of eject-

ment." -3 How. 787.

No point has been more repeatedly and authoritatively set--

tled, than that this court will not, upon a wfit of error, revise.

or give judgment as to the facts, but takes them as found by

tie court below, and as they are exhibited by the record. Pen-

hallow v. Doane, 3 Dall. 102 ; Wiscart v. Dauchy, 3 Dall. 327 ;

Jennings v.Thomas, 3 Dall. 336; Talbot v. Seaman, 1 Cranch,

38; Faw v. Roberdeau, 3 Cranch, 177; Dunlop v. .Munroe, 7

Cranch, 270; United States v. Casks of Wine, 1 Peters, 550.

The case of Parsons v. Bedford, 3- Peters, 434, was, like the

present, a petitoryr action, instituted in the' District Court of

Louisiana, and brought for review to this court, on a writ of

error aia bill of exceptions. It differed in one respect, -the

facts were found by a jury: The parol evidence, however, had

not been written or entered upon the record, although requested

by the plaintiff. That refusal was made the ground of an ex-

ception. This court decided that it was no error, not merely

because the refusal was not matter of error, but because,-" if

the evidence were before the court, it would not be competent

for them to reverse the judgment for any error in the verdict of

- the jury."

By *the,Code of - Practice of Louisiana, (Art. 494, 495,)

which, under the act of 24th of May, 1824, (4 Stat. at Large,

- 63,) is also the law by which the courts of the United States

are governed, the decree of the Circuit Court upo4. the facts

VOL. v11.

73-

/

866

'SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. King et aL

was in all respects equivalent to the verdict of a jury; and the pripoiple thus established by .this court would be equally applicable to it. It was so held in Parsons v. .Armor, 3 Peters, 425, where the parties had waived the trial by jury, and the case was. brought up by writ of error, the court saying it was certainly not an attribute of that writ, according to the coinmon law doctrine, to submit the testimony, as well as the lTw of the case, to the revision of the court. . In the year. 1842, the effect which-was to be given to. the judgment of the" court in Louisiana, asserting a conclusion of facts where a jury had been waived, was deliberately considered in the case of Hyde v. Booraem, 16 Peters, 176. It was then conclusively settled by this court, that it.had no authority, 9n a writ of error, to revise- the evidence -which the Circuit Court had before it, or the interpretation they placed upon it, or the conclusions they drew from it. This court then said,-
" That is the province of the judge himself, if the trial by jury is waived, and it is submitted to -his personal decision. If either party in thu court below is. dissatisfied with the,ruling of. the judge on a matter of law, that ruling shotld be brought before this court by an appropriate exception, in the nature of a bill of exceptions, and should not be mixed up with his supposed conclusions on matters of fact." In. the subsequent case of Phillips v. Preston,'5 Howard, 290, the point was treated as conclusively settled.
It should,. ther, have been taken in this- case as established,
thht every thing which was matter of fact in this controversy had been fixed beyond question in this court by the judgment of the Circuit Court of Louisiana; and that no portion of the proceedings, of that court remained open for revisibn here, but "such rulings on matteis of law as were brought before-us by an appropriate 'exception, in the nature, of a bill of excep-
tions." No final opinion to this effect, was *written by this court for
publication in our reports after the argument at the last term. But such opinion was expressed unanimously by us in qut consultation. And, in accordance with it, this court ordered, that "the judgment rendered in this case at December term, 1844, (3 Howard,.788,) and all the 'proceedings thereon and subsequent thereto, should be set aside and vacated, and the case, as it stood at the term aforesaid: previous to the said judgment, reinstated." Under this last order, the case 'has been before us
at the present term. The case has been argued, and in my opinion properly ar-
gued, by the counsel for the defendants in error, upon the correctness of the rulings of the Circuit Court on matters of law,

JANUARY TERM, 1849."

867

The United States v. King et al.

stated in the bills of exceptions taken by the United States, who are the plaintiffs in error.
The judgment of the Circuit Court has established the fact, that the grant made by the Baron de Carondelet, as the gov-, ernor of Louisiana, on the 20th of June, 1797, to the Marquis de Maison Rouge, was valid under the laws of the French and Spanish governments then prevailing in Louisiana, and consequently continued to be so by the treaty which ceded Louisiana to the United States. It has therefore been properly treated as a question which, under the decisions I have referred to, cannot, upon this record, now properly come before this court..
The validity of the grant must depend upon the genuineness of the instrument itself, and'upon its sufficiehcy to give to the grantee a complete and formal title to the land mentioned in it, pursuant to the laws of Spain at the time it was made." The concurrence of these two facts is essefitial to the validity-of the grant. It is therefore distinctly, but succinctly, affirmed, in the judgment of the Circuit Court; and must be taken to be established thereby. From the opinion of the Circuit Court, explaining its reasons for this judgment, it is apparent that both of these points were fully examined, proved, discussed, and decided upon. The assertion that the certificate of Trudeau to the plano figurativo has been antedated, or is fraudulent, cannot be maintained. It rests solely upon evidence not worthy of credit, from the circumstances and manner it has been ifitroduced by Girod in his pamphlet, which is shown to have been contradicted, and which, if it were necessary to sift it, would be found to present, intrinsic and abundant proof of its own discrepancies and inconsistencies. That the grant is a complete and formal title to the land mentioned in it, pursuant to the-laws of Spain, is also conclusively established. -It depended on the laws and usages of that government, on the performance of the necessary conditions, and, finally, on the recognition of the grant by the Spanish authorities as the complete and formal investment df the full ownership of the land embraced in it. All these were matters of fact susceptible of proof. That such proof was adduced, and, was sufficient, is an inference we are bound. to take from the finding of the court, as is shown by its judgment, to which they were necessary., When we turn to the opinion which the Circuit Courtkhas thought proper, though under no -obligation to do so, to annex to its judgment, we find such was explicitly the case. On each and every one of these points there was testimony in tjie Cirduit Court. On that testimony that court founded its decision, as a fact, .that the grant was a valid and complete one. It
says, that the genuineness of the grant is "conclusively.estab-

868

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. King et a.

lished by the testimony of witnesses who were well acquainted with the signature of the Baron de Carondelet." Of the evidence in Girod's-pamphlet, which alone impugned the genuineness of Trudeau's Planofigurativo annexed to the grant, the court -says, -"It is insufficient to counteract the force and effect of testimony emanating from persons who had equal, if not better, opportunities of acquiring a knowledge of the facts set forth." Of the performance of the conditions of the grant, the court says, there was "the most conclusive evidence that the conditions thereof, whatever they may have been, have been complied with." 'And finally, in regard to the. bvidence
,Which established it as a complete and formal title, the court says, it is what was usually termed in Louisiana, under the Spanish govenment, a titulo en'forma,- a title in form, - as is shown by the testimony of Tessier, who was examined under
a commission, and who, as the court observes, was officiating at the time as secretary in the land department.- He proved, under oath, that such an instrument was "such- complete and perfect evidence of title as not to. require any other to validate or
strengthen it." The validity of the grant was therefore properly regarded as
an established fact, not now open to argument, under the order of this court pursuant to which the case is now before us. It has been so treated by the counsel of the defendants in error, without 'interposition or remark from the court.; And therefore, as it is now made to form the principal, if iiot the sole, basis of the decision just expressed as that of the majority, it is a point upon which, -in my. opinion, the counsel for the defendants have not had that hearing t6 which they are entitle.d, and which is necessary' to a proper investigation of this important title. 'The points raised by the bills of exceptions taken by the United States are before this court on this writ of error, and the*y have ben argued and may. be decided. It is otherwise with that of the'validity of the grant.
If the only. persons to be affected by this decision were the defendants on the record, it seems to me it would be improper to make it under the circumstances I have stated. But it has been
brought to the notice of this court, before its judgment has been \pronounced, that an 'act of Congress was passed on the 17th of June,- 1844, (5 Stat. at Large, 676,) the object of which was to biig in the best form, for final adjudication, those long uns'bled titles in Louisiana, arising unde: the governments which existed there before the cession ; and that, under this law, the heirs of Henry Turner, who are claimants under the land grant to the. Marquis of Maison Rouge, but to a far larger extent of land than the quantity now-in controversy, are at this time de-

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

869

The United States v. King et al.

fendantsin error in. this court, having been brought 'here by the United States, after having had a decree: in their favor in the Circuit Court. These parties, by a formal motion,, have asked that our present decision, if the same shall go to affect the validity of the grant, may be postponed until they shall be heard. They have stated, and ,the fact*is so, that the record in their case was'filed by' the United States only a few days before the argument in the present case, and has only been printed.
since, so that, without any fault or negligence of their own, they have been, unable to avail themselves of the -rule of this court whidh permits parties in subsequent cases involving the same questions to be heard when the case first in rder'is
reached; that while the question and point of law, so far as regards the validity of the grant, are the same the evidence ne.6
cessaryr to its fair and complete adjudication is much imore fully established in their record than in the confused and imiper-fect one now' before us; and especially,, that it presents the tea-. timony of numerous witnesses of the highest and most uniipeachable character, which has never been submitted to this court, directly establishing the authenticity of the documents in question, as well as proving the .practice, usages, and .laws of the Spanish governmerft in regard 'to their fform and effect.
That in their case the facts were not found solelyr by the court. below, but -that their record exhibits the verdict of a jury, founded, in addition to other evidence, on the actual inspection of the original documents, which affirms their authenticity and completion, and the perfectness of the title under them; And, finally, that if,under these circumstances', a decision shall now be made against the validity of the'grant, it wilLbe made on im-
.perfect evidence, while fuller evidence is on the records of this court awaiting its examination,' and also in 'prejudication -of the rights of parties coming here under the sanction of an act
of Congress, who have not been guilty of any delay in presenting themselves before thisCourt, and who have'been precluded
from the' benefit of the rule' before alluded to by no fault of their own. Can we refuse with justice an -application, to grant which ipjures fno one, to refuse which, may be' produ-.tive of consequences the most serious, and perhaps irreparable wrong ?
Nor, in my opinion, are 'these the only bonsiderations which
should' have induced us to refrain from a hastr decision, with' imperfect. evidence, on the validity of this grant. Four years ago, we made a decision relying on this same imperfect record, which contained an. assertion and statement of facts rested on evidence since acknowledged by 'us to'have been illegal in itself, and which we .now know is positively contradicted.. If
73*

870

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. King et al.

this grant is fraudulent in its execution, or in effect is such, though genuine, as to give no title to those who claim under it, it is our duty to say so. But that should only be done after -he calmest consideration of all the testimony relating to it,
whether in the record of this case or in that of any other case :n our calendar in which is involved the question of the validity of the grant. We ought not to have forgotten, that, in doing otherwise, we may affect the rights and property of many of our citizens who have not been heard; that we shall controvert the opinions formally expressed for almost half a century by the board of commissioners who first-examined the title, by the officers of the general land-office, by the legislature of Louisiana, by committees of Congress, and by the Circuit Court of the United States, -all of whom, after investigation,
have declared this grant to be valid, and which has never been said to be otherwise by any other tribunal than this court, when it gave its now recalled judgment, founded uponi the deposi-
tions annexed t6 Girod's pamphlet.
If we examine the judgment of the Circuit Court now under review upbn the principles that have been heretofore settled by this court, we shall-find no error in the "1rulings of the judge in a matter of law brought before this court by an appropriate exception.in the nature of a bill of exceptions." Hyde v. Boo-
raem, 16 Peters, 176. In regard to the three bills of exceptions which were taken
by the defendants, also in the record, we need not say any -thing, because they are not properly before us, and have not been referred to in the argument. But it may not be amiss to remark, that they afford another reason why a final judgment should not now be entered against the defendants, though the decision of a majority of the court may be adverse to them, because they allege the rejection of important testimony in their favor in respect to the validity of-the grant, for reasons which, without expressing a conclusive opinion upon them, I may say
were strongly and plausibly urged. Let us now examine the bills of exceptions taken in behalf
of the United States, to see whether they present any illegal ruling of the Circuit Court.
They are five in number, but the first, fourth, and fifth have been properly and candidly conceded by the Attorney-General to be untenable. I am to remark, then, upon the second and third.
The second is an exception to tihWadmission in evidence -of a petition of Daniel Clark, the grantor of the defendant, to the Intendant Morales, on the 1st of August, I 03,.together with the alleged copy of a certificate,-purporting to -be signed by Leoh-

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

871

The United states v. King at al.

ard and Amirez, 6fficers of the royal treasury in Louisiana, on the 5th of August 1803, in which it was declared, that the.Marquis of Maison Rouge had complied virtually with the terms of his contract. The signatures are. certified by.a notary to be known to him as genuine, and both papers appear to be part
of the same "instrument." The genuineness of the signatures was not denied by the .Attorney-General. The only ground taken in the argument.to sustain the exception was, the insufficiency 6f the testimony to prove a compliance by Maison Rouge with the conditions of the grant. It is certainly no valid objection to the admission of an authentid document as
testimony, that it does not prove all for wh~ich the party bffering it contends. This may affect its sufficiency, not the legality of its admission. It is a document from the Spanish archives, the authenticity of which was proved, as well as the removal of the records themselves, many years ago, by 'the Spanish authorities. Its admission is clearly within the rule established in the case of The United States v. Wiggins, 14 Peters, 345. The exception is limited to the admission of the evidence, not to the legal effect which has been or may be given to it, and it cannot be doubted that the decision of the Circuit Court to admit it was correct.
The plaintiffs' third bill of exceptions was- also an objection to the admission of documentary evidence, namely, the report of the commissioners appointed under the act of the 3d of March, 1807, declarihg that the grant to the Marquis Maison
Rouge "is a patent, or what in Lnuisiana was denominated a title in form, transferring to him the title, in as full and ample a manner as lands were usually granted by the Spanish govem-
ment, subject, however, to the conditions stipulated in his contract with the government." That such a report was made, and that the document in question was a copy,of it, was not disputed. Such an official act of the officers of the United States in regard to the title was certainly legal evidence in the chain of proceeding, whatever its bearing and effect upon the validity of the title may be. But, if this were not so, it will be enough to say, to dispose of this exception, that, in the course of the trial, another copy of this same dodument was introduced in evidence on the part of the United States.
These are the only exceptions to" the judgment of the Circuit Court whichwere taken at the trial, and which have been brought before this court in this record. Neither can be sustained; nor do the majority of the court, in the opinion read
by the chief justice, attempt to sustain them. What, then, is there in the record, upon which the majority
of the court rely to warrant their judgment?

M2

SUPREME COURT.

--

The United States v. King et al.

It has been argued, on the part of the United States, that there -are errors apparent on the face of the record, which, though not made the subjects of exception, will be noticed by this court. " These errors are' said to be in the judgment itself. That judgment is in the following words: . ."The court having maturely considered the law and the evidence in this case, dcoth now order, adjudge, and decree,.that .the plaintiffs' petition be dismissed; and that-the-grant made by the Baron de Carondelet, as the governor of Louisiana, on the 20th June, 1797, to the Marquis de Maison 4ouge, be, and the same is -hereby, declared valid; th&t the said Richard
King, defendant, and the said Daniel W. Coxe, the warrantor, bo, and they. are' hereby, declared and recognized to be the lawful owners.of the"parts of the said grants held by then, as described in the. answek of -the said 'Richard King, and 'in
.-Schedufk A, and that they be quieted in the bwnership and possession of the ame."-
-In this judgment, three patent errors are alleged to exist. It is- said that it adjudicates the title for lands. for which the United States have not sued;, that the acceptance, by the defendant Coxe, of a league square, was an extinguishment of his claim to any other portion of the land; and that which was principally argued and urged was, that "the instrument executed by the Baron de Carondelet, 6n ihe. 20th June, 1M9l,was not a grant to the Marquis de Maison Rouge."? - These er-
rors are alleged to be apparent on the record, independently of any exception embracing them. None- such, it is admitted, were taken in the court below; or brought here.
Admitting, for the purposes of this argument, that this court can reverse a judgment for such an irregularity:as is said to be if -this, in its adjudication of the title for- lands for which the Unitecr States have not sued, without, however, conceding it - as a fact that. 'this court can properly do so, in a case brought . to it upon. a writ of error,'this is not the case for the.exercise of such a power.
The -court- having decreed that the petition of the United States should be, dismissed, and that the defendant King should -be quieted in the 'ownership and possession of that land. for which the United States sued, is as "'d6finitive a sentence,, or. judglment, as tie court could have given upon the subjectmatter of the suit.- It'put an end to the suit, and absolved the
defendant, in the language of the civil law of Spain, from the demand which- had been made -or sudd for.. Any thing 'put with "it, growing out of the mode of proceeding in the trial, but separable 'from that "sentence," so as not to interfere with its execution, -is,.in the. civil law of Spain under which the

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

&73

The United States v.. King et aL

judgment was given, one of those divisions.or points "(eapitulos) which can be appealed from, and set aside upon the ajpeal to a superior court, or by the court giving the "1sentence,"on account of its comprehending a thing not 4emanded or prayed for. But not so when the defendant has been acquitted
and declared free from, the demand, unless a right to revoke the sentence has been. reserved by the judge (L. 9, tit. 22, p. 3) ; though it may be reversed upon appeal in a superior court, for meritorious cause, when there has been error in the judge .in acquitting the defendant from the demand for which he was sued. It cannot .be denied, that, in this case, the "sentence" or judgment is conformable to the proceedings, so far as it"acquits the defendant from the demand of the United States. The jus, in re, or dominion in the thing sued for by the
United Statesi-is for so much land, particularly describad in the action, as the mode of proceeding in Louisiana, or the civil law -of Spain, in this particular still existing in Louisiana, requires
to be done, with a recital - proper enough, and admissible in such actions, but not necessary - of a survey by Dinsmore, without authority of the plaintiffs, under an alleged pretended claim, "1called the Maison Rouge claim.' "- The answer of the defendant, after a general denial of all and singular the allegations in the petition, except as they are thereafter specially admitted, is, that "1he' is the trde, and lawful owner of the tract of land described in the petition," with a reicital of his purchase from Coxe ;.that he is in possession of the same, and has made valuable improvements,- with a prayer that he may be dis.missed with costs, and that Coxe, as his warrantor, may be called to appear and defend him in the suit. The issue, then, according to the Louisiana mode of-proceeding, or the civil law of Spain, between the United States'and King, was certain, positive, and respondent upon the part of King to what the United States sued for, and is no way changed by the intervention of Coxe as his warrantor. That makes another issue between Coxe and King, so far as his denial of King's state ment of his warranty to him; but -it is not a substitute for th. frst issue between the United States and King, as to the dominion of the land sued for. Coxe, it is true, comes in upon the prayer of King, to defend the suit as his warrantor; not, though, as the court here -seems to suppose, exclusively to maintain Kin 's ownership of the land sued for as a part of the Maison Rouge grant ; for in this petitory action by the United States, King might have resisted it by any equitable title
other than that which was equitable or legal connected with that grant. But King asks that Coxe may be brought in as a party; that, "if this suit should be decided against him, he

SUPREME COURT.
The United States v. King et aL
may. have judgment against the United States. and the said Coxe, for the value of his improvements on the land, and a judgment against Coxe for the purchase-money and interest thereon, from the time of eviction," and costs of suit. In such a case, no error or irregularity in the judgment, in respect to Coxe's answer, can invalidate the finding "upon the answer of King, if the latter can be executed upon the thing sued for. In other words, there may be in'the civil law of Spain,-upon which the rights of the parties in this'case exclusively depend, distinct findings in the same judgment, without the error of one 'of them having the effect to vacate the-other; and -il. ihat, case it often happens that one of the findings in the judgment ig- made the subject of appeal, and that it is reversed without affecting the other. Now, though this may not be done in our writ of error, what I contend for is, that, if, in a writ of error in a case from Louisiana, a judgment shall have distinct findings, one of them expressly comprehending and adjudging the subject-matter of the suit, we. shall separate it from the others which we may think, cannot be maintained, and affirm the first, as would be done in the courts of Louisiana, when the subject-matter of rights claimed and denied depends upon the Louisiana law, or upon that law which existed there when the parties to the suit respectively acquired their rights in the subject-matter of the suit.
But further, the language of the judgment, as to the" land upon wich it is to operate, is explicit. It dismisses the petition of the United States, and quiets the defendant in the pos-. session of precisely, that land, in quantity and description, for which the United States sued him. Whether it was or was not the intention of the Circuit Court to adjudicate the title to .other lands, in which the defendant King has no interest, but to which his warrantor, Coxe, may have a title, is of no consequence, for both are so discriminated in the judgment that they cannot be confouiided; and were so, that each.might be independent of the other, or, in the language of the civil law of Spain, be firm and valid, from having passed into a thing adjudged (cosa juzgada). Besides, such adjudication of a thing not sued for cannot vitiate the judgment for the thing that is sued for in this case;, for, if the former, is not valid only because it is. for land, as this court says, not sued for the other part of the judgment in favor of King is valid, it being for the very land which was sued for. The fact that King and Coxe claim dominion of parts of what they say they -respectively own, under the same grant, and that the court affirms their rights under it, cannot render that part of the judgment in favor of King.less a judgment, because it is for a thing in con-

JANUARY TERM, 1849!

875

The United States v. King et al.

testation; and, though a pM of the Maison Rouge grant, tfe whole of that grant never was so. It was neither so by the action brought by the United States agaimst King, nor did it become so from the answer of Coxe,. though that answer, as well as the answer of King, raised the question of the validity of that grant, for the purpose of having it judicially determined whether or not it gave to King the dominion of the land for which the United States sued him, as a part of the Maison. Rouge survey. To so much of that land or survey, And to no more of it, is the judgment in favor of King an affirmation of his ownership, or of Coxe's right of alienation of it to King. A judicial determination in favor of the validity of. the grant and survey, for any portion of the latter, is a good, reason for
the United States, by its proper functionaries, to consider that the land embraced in the survey was private property when Louisiana was ceded, or that it was not a part of the public land intended to be conveyed by the treaty to the United States. But the validity of the grant.was not, nor can it be, as the case is in the record, the foundation for a judgment in
favor of Coxe for'all the land which he cltims .under it, because the UnitedStates had not submitted to the jurisdiction of the court for any such purpose. A "1definitive sentence," or judgment, is only valid when it is given against a person subject to 1he.-jurisdiction of the judge. (Li. 12, 15, tit. 22, p. 3.) But the United States did submit itself to the jurisdic-
tion of the court, for the land fr which it sued King; and the judgment acquitting him of that demand is final and conclusive in his favor against the United States, though it may be reversed for error in itself by this court; upon a proper exception, and though the execution of it is suspended by the cognizance which this court is legislatively empowered to take of that " sentence" or judgment. I say legislatively empowered, for that phrase indicates the extent and boundary of this court's cognizance of a case in error. Until it shall be enlarged by Congress, I must tiink that the court has exceeded it, in this iiistance, by making an erroneous CCdivision or point," in a judicial sentence containing two distinct "1divisions or points," the foundation for the reversal of both, arid that, too, without an exception having been taken in the court below to either of them, to bring one or the other of them up for concurrence in this court. If this court means to 'claim the power, and to exercise it in the review of a judgment, by a superior court, of an inferior, according to the civil Roman law, or as that law was modified under the Spanish rule in
Louisiana, it may be -done. But, in doing it in this case 'I may be allowed to dissent from my brethren, until some better

876

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. King et al.

reasons for the exercise of such power shall b6 given than I
have yet heard. 'H6wever, does the language of the judgment necessarily em-
brace any *other land than that which the United States claim in their petition? · The inquiry should not alone be, whether the judgmentmay'not bear that construction, but whether or not-it does not admit of another, more coincident with the case as.it is.on the-record and appeared to be on the trial, and more .in harmony with the duty of the judge who, gave it; in respect -to the only' 1 definitivA .sentence "1 -which, under the civil law :bfSpaii-as it exists in Louisiana, can be given in a suit for real property where a *atrantor appears to defend the respondenat to .the action' in the character of a plaintiff in reconvention. If'the judgment will bear such a construction, though the lan* guage of it may not'obviously show it, we are bound to give . that, of which it is susceptible, most favorable to its operative .accuracy, or "executive process for a thing adjudged.' Now
my'reading of this judgment is, that the petition of the United States is dismissed, and that King is quieted in the ownership and possessibn. of the quantity of land for which the United States sued"him, on account of the court having found the fact of the validity of the Maison Rouge grant, and that the further declaration in the judgment in respect to Coxe's ownership of the other. lands in Schedule A, and that he is to be quieted in the enjoyment of them, is but an inference from the court's finding, from the proofs in the case, that the Maison Rouge grant and survey were valid., That it'could not have been the intention of thecourt to be a judicial sentence seems to me certain, first, because the court had dis'allowed or dismissed Coxe's plea in'reconvention, by which alone his title 'to other lands than that sued for was brought in question, and secondly, because. the only judgments which the Louisiana law permits'to be given in such a case are the affirmation of his title to the land by decreeing its ownership to his vendee, or the -disaffirmation of it,with a sentence against the warrantor for the puichase-money, with interest upon it from the final eviction, and for the value of the improvements and costs. Besides, in all fairness of construction, if we consider the words of the judgment in connection with what, manifestly, the Circuit Court, throughout thetrial, thought was the only issue before it, do the words, "that the said Richard King, and the said Daniel W. Coxe, warrantor, be, and they are. hereby, declared and recognized to be the lawful owners of the parts of said grant held by them, as described in the answer of the said Richard King and in the Schedule A," imply an adjudication for more land than that for which King,.had been sued, and of 'which Coxe had beenthe owner, as

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

877

The United Stat~s v. King et aL

described in the schedule, before he sold it to King? Of them-

selves, the words may; but that it was not so meant seems to me

to be certain, from the dismission of the petition of the United

States for just the land for which it had sued. I have used this

course of arguinent, however, in respect to the judguient, not so

much for the purpose of establishing the correctness of myown"

construction of it, as to show, that, in this court's review, of it,

instead of doing as it has done, it should, in accordance with

its own well-established rule, have made every reasonable pre-

sumption in favor of its correctness. So the court has done in

all previous cases where that which- was equivocal in a judg-

ment has not interfered with the right.to a forced execution

upon it of the matter in controveisy. And, so essential' is' the

propriety and policy, in jurisprudence,..f pulting an end to fur-

ther controversy after, a judgment rendered, though there: may

be surplusage in it, that no instance can be found in our

books, nor in the English reports, of a judgment set aside,, in a

court of review, which distinctly finds the issue between the

parties, on account of other matter. in it, unless upon excep-

tions taken to the court's ruling-of the law in the case appli-

cable to the issue. This I believe to be the only instance to

the contrary, and I cannot think it will ever-be a precedent for

another. . In the case under consideration, the action was instituted by

The United States against King, for the recovery of a tract of

land: in the actual occupation of the defendant. * Th6 petition

is in the general terms in which such pleadings are usually

framed in Louisiana, and avers the invalidity of the title under

which the defendant claims to hold the land, and the para-

mount legal title of the United States. The answer of the de-

fendant to this petition is equally general in its terms, and as-

serts, without any specification of details, the validity of his

title, and controvertd the allegations in the petition. o far the

case,is perfectly simplh, and, being followed by a general judg-

ment for the defendant, so far as that judgment disaffirnis the title

of the United States and affirms that of the defendant, there is

no ground upon which error can be alleged. In such a state of

the case, without the intervention of the warrantor, I am war-

ranted in saying, from the decision just read by the chief jus-

tice, that the judgment of this court would have been in favor

of the judgment of the Circuit Court. The supposed difficulty,

however, which the case presents, and which has caused the re-

versal of-the-judgment of the-Cir uit Court, arises from the cir-

cumstance, that King not only puts distihctly and simply in

issue the quebtion of title between himself and the United

States, but he vouches, in warranty, Coxe, from whom,he pur-

VOL. VII.

74

878

SUPREM.E COURT.

The United States v. King et al.

chased. King was, by the practice in Louisiana. obliged to do that. Let us for a moment inquire into the nature of that practice, and what it is meant to accomplish. , In my opinion, it has a decisive'and hostile bearing against the ground taken by this court, that the judgment of the Circuit Court should be reversed on account of its supposed adjudication of title for more land than the United States sued for.
At common law, as is familiar to all of us, when an action is brought to recover real estate which a defendant holds by purchase from another, accompanied with a-covenant 'of warranty, the defendant may, at his option, elect eitherto give notice of the pending action to his vendor and warrantor, or to await the result of the suit, and, if judgment passes against him, sue upon his covenant of warranty. In the first case, the warrantormay take upon himself the burden of the defencd if he pleases, or may omit it. In either case, notice of the suit having been given to him, he is bound -by the judgment. It- is, nevertheless, still necessary that an action upon the warranty should be brought against him to enforce his personal liability. And upon proof that he had notice of the first suit, the judgment against -his vendee will be conclusive evidence against him of the breach of his covenant.
If no such notice of the first suit be given to him, he may, in an action on the covenant, controver the title of the original plaintiff, and require full proof of it to fix his liability. In all cases, however, the responsibility of the warrantor is judicially settled in the second suit.
The Louisiana law seeks to accomplish precisely the same results by a speedier process. It permits the defendant to callMi,n warranty, the party from -whom he derives title. The warrantor may forthwith appear in court as a party, and in his own
name defend the suit. Notwithstanding this, however, no judgment is entered against him at the suit of the original plaintiff; but in case he shall be adjudged entitled to the property in contestation, a second judgment is entered simultaneously, in favor of the original defendant, against his warrantor.
This subject was fully discussed in this case at our last teim ; but, as I have remarked before, we have no report either of the argument or the decision. I depend upon my own notes of.that argument; and upon those of Mr. Coxe, of counsel in the case, from which I have derived much information. In my view, however, of the Louisiana law and practice, it is clear that the
original proceedings and pleadings between the original parties to the suit remain as they were before the intervention 6f- the warrantor, and the defence interposed by the wa.rrantor cannot be made the foundation of any judgment to be rendered in favor of the'plaintiff-ih the originar action.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

879

The United States v. King et aL

If this view of the matter be correct, in giving judgment in favor of King against the United States, the Circuit Court was necessarily limited to the pleadings between the parties. And so this court regarded the question at the last term; for although
Coxe, in the defence interposed by him, sets up a claim to a larger portion of the entire Maison Rouge grant, and although this court, when this case first carne before it, considered that the controversy was thus enlarger-so as to comprehend this addition to the subject-matter involved, and that Coxe became answerable to a judgment coextensive with his claim, yet we were all satisfied, at the last term, that in this we had, as in other respects, misapprehended the local law, and the 'majority of the court now - as it ought to have done before, as I then thought -have confined us within our legitimate limits, and restricted the judgment to King alone, and to the property described in the petition. It would seem necessarily to follow, from this view of the case, that, in our consideraiion of the judgment of the Circuit Court, we ought to be restricted to the matters put in issue by the pleadings between the original parties.
In this aspect of the case, the grounds upon which the present decision is made to rest, in the opinion of the court, are
wholly dehors the record. Be this, however, as it may, this point in the case, so vital
in the view taken by the majority of the court, has not been argued by counsel on either side. Nor is it considered dis-
tinctly and independently in the opinion of the court. In the absence of both, I am not disposed to pass any definite judg-
ment. It is a point, however, which must be surmounted or avoided to warrant the judgment just given by this court.
But it is said that Coxi's acceptance of a league square was an extinguishment to any other portion of the land, and that there was error because it is not so declared in the judgment. This is certainly a matter dehors the record. Nothing concerning it is either on the face of the judgment or in the bills of exceptions. It is not in any way before this ourt, by any principle or rule of practice known to this court or any other court having the power to reverse, upon writs of error, the judgments of inferior courts; Some correspondence in regard to it is found, like Girod's pamphlet, in the mass of documents improperly sent up with the record; but we have no means of knowing whether-or not
it is the whole of the 'correspondence. I repeat, we cannot consider it by any known rule of judicial proceeding. Suppose it, however, to be before us for examination: can it be contended that the acceptance of this league square by. Mr. Coxe was an extinguishment of his claim to the rest of the land in

880

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. King et al..

the grant, if that were otherwise valid, or that it annulled the
conveyance to King made by Coxe long before the patdnt for the league square? The act of Congress of the 29th of April, 1816, confirmed all claims recognized as complete grants in the report of the commissioners appointed under the act of the 3d of
March,"1807, and authorized a patent to be issued therefor; and the Maison Rouge claim had been so recognized and reported; but it was provided that under "no one claim shall any-person or persons be entitledy under this act, to more than the quantity
contained in a league square." Had no stipulation been made with -Mr. Coxe when he received this patent, his right to any further quantity would not, by the language of this law, have been lessened or impaired. It did not, nor was it meant to, impair the quantity assumed by the United States in the treaty
of cession of Louisiana, by which all the inhabitants were protected and maintained in the enjoyment of their -whole property. And if it had been so meant, I do not think that I venture any thing which will not be acquiesced in"by my associates in this court,' when the subject shall' be- fully examined,
in saying, that Congress cannot constitutionally pass an act taking from the inhabiiants of Louisiana, "or those of any. other purchased territory now making a part.of the Unifed States, any property guarantied to them, their descendants or assigns,, by, treaty, so as to exclude them from having their rights to the whole of what they claim judicially ascertained. A treaty is
the suvpreme law of the land, and- it limits the legislation of Congress to the fulfilment- of all of its provisions, to the fullest extent of themand not for less or a part of what individuals have a right to claim under it as property, but for the whole. 'And what that whole may be, where there is, a dispute about it between the United States and those claiming, can only, under our system, be judicially ascertained and determined, unless, by
the. treaty or by the consent ot the.claimants, 'some other mode
of determining the right has been agreed upon. But if this were not so, in this case there cannot be a doubt; for before Coxe accepted the patent for .aleague square, he.made an inquiry
what effect his acceptance would have upon his claim, and he was assured at the general land-office, acting under the in-structions of the Attorney-General, that. it did not preclude him from seekihg the recognition or confirmation of his entire claim by Congress or the courts .ofthe country.I
I will now consider, as briefly as I can, the only other error
assigned by. the majority of the court on this judgment. It is, that the Circuit Court adjudicated. the instrument -executed by the -Baron de. Carondelet, on the 20th Jirne, 1797, to be a grant .to the Marquis de Maison Rouge. This is surely- not an

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

881

The United States v. King et aL

error brought before this court by a proper exception, and more, it is not an error apparent upon the record. It not only isnot in any bill of exceptions, but it is not a ruling of the Circuit
Court which was at any time formally objected to, directly or indirectly' in the court below. If it is an error, it exists in the language and office of the judgment itself, - nowhere else.
Accurately speaking, this is not the judgment of the Circuit
Court upon the issue made and submitted by the pleadings. It is the reason or cause assigned for the judgment. The prayer in the petition .of the United States is, that they may "be decreed, by a judgment of this honorable court, to be the true and lawful owners of the aforesaid land and premises." The judgment responsive to this prayer is, that "King, the defendant, and Coxe, the warrantor, are declared and recognized to be the lawful owners," and are to be quieted in the ownership and possession of the same. ' The portion, therefore, of the decree now excepted to is a reason of the court for rendering such judgment. It is no necessary part of the issue submitted for adjudication, or of the judgment actually given.. As a reason of the court, it is mere surplusage,- and can be altogether rejected without affecting the validity of the judgment. It is well set-
tled, that, if a judgment be defective in form, yet if it follows and is responsive to the issue, and is substantially right in that respect, neither such defect, nor any surplusage contained in it, is a ground for error. Moore v. Tracey, 13 Wend. 282; Buckfield v. Gorham, 6 Mass. 447; Brown v. Chase, 4 Mass. 436; Deering v E1albert, 2 Littell, 292; Todd v. Potter, 1 Day, 238. In Louisiana, in the case of Keene v. McDonough, 8 Louisiana, 187, it is said, "An erroneous reason, given in a judgment which is cor-
rect in itself, is no ground for reversal." In any event the reasoning of the court on which it either partially or wholly puts its judgment, even if incorrect, can only form the ground of an exception to be submitted to the court below; and if-there persisted in, must be made the foundation of a bill of exceptions to be revised by this court. No exception whatever was taken 'to
this portion of the judgment or reasoning of the Circuit Court. If, however, the declaration, or decree einbraced in the judg-
ment, is an essential and necessary part of it, can it be revised by this court? It is the assertion of a fact, depending exclusively upon the performance by the grantee of the conditions of the grant: and upon the laws and usages of Spain, ix cases where such instruments were issued and such conditiofis performed. Whether or not this fact was established is, as I have
already shown, a matter belonging to the Circuit Court exclusively to decide. That court had before it the evidence of the
performance of the conditions of the grant, and of the laws 74*-

882

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. King et aL

and usd.ges of Spain in regard to it. We have not. Nay' more,
we are bound to presume that, this judgment was right, so far as it did or could, by any possibility, depend upon a matter of fact. Every matter of fact necessary to sustain it will be presumed to have been proved, and will be taken by this cotlrt to
have been fully proved in the Circuit Court. This is a principle foo well settled, alike by the common law and the law of Louisiana, to need discussion. Campbell v. Patterson,, 7 Vermont, 89; Butler v. Despalir, 12 Martin, 304; Mitchellv. White, 6 New Series, 409; Hill v. Tuzzine, 1 New Series, 599; Piedras v. Milne, .2 New Series, 537i-also 265; Miller v. Whittier, 6 Louisiana, 72; Love v. Banks,'3 Louisiana, 481.
And in the case of Carroll v. Peake, 1 Peters, 18, this court said, in the absence of probf to the contrary, if any possible state of the case can be imagined, or any amount of testimony supposed, necessary to sustain the opinion of the Circuit Court, this court will assume that such .a state of the case existed, and that such evidence was offered on the trial. · Whether
or not this is a complete "title in form" under the- Spanish law, as it existed in 1797, and whether the conditions contained in it(supposing the performance of them to be necessary to its validity) .were performed, are purely matters of fact, depending upon evidence which was before. the Circuit Court. We ought, and .are bound, to presume they were legally and
conclusively established by that evidence. If so, the decree and judgment of the Circfiit Court were free from error, and should be so affirmed by this tribunal.
I think I may say, that no errof assigned, either in the record
or by a majority of .this court, in behalf of the United States, has been sustained. In my opinion, if the case could be justly decided now,'a judgment of affirmance should be entered. I wish sincerely that I could, "consistently with what I have felt myself bound to do, close my, remarks upon the course pursued by a majority of the court in this case with what I"have said. Something remains to be done.
In the opinion expressed by -the majority of the court, they have deemed it proper to discuss the validity of the Maison Rouge grant, as if it were not affected in any way by the facts ascertained in the judgment of the court beloir, and as if in every aspect, whether of fact as to the performance of the condition, or of legal effect according to the law and usages of Spain, its validity was here before us for examination and adjudication. This course I deem at variance with the settled law and practice of this court. But as I regard the grant to be clearly valid, and the opinion now given by the majority of this court against it as of the highest importance to one of the States

,JANIARY TERM, .1849.

883

The United States v. King et al.

of this Union, and to a large portion of its people, I will submit the grounds on which I think that the Circuit, Court in Louisiana properly adjudged the grant of the 20th June, 1797, to" the Marquis de Maison Rouge, to be valid, legal, and complete.
Under *the royal order of the 24th August, 1774, the governor of Louisiana had the amplest pnwers to grant lands, without limitation as to quantity, and without the necessity of a, confirmation by the Spanish government,' This power existed undiminished until the royal order of 22d October, 1798, when it was conferred on the Intendant. -2White's New Recopilacion, 245; United States v. Arredondo, 6 Peters, 727; .United States v. Clarke, 8 Peters, 452.
After the treaty of -the 17th October, 1795, between, the United States and" Spain, by which the latter government relinquished its claim to the territory on the eastern side of the Mississippi north of the 31st degree of latitude, so that the settlements of the United States were rapidly approaching the inhabited portions of Louisiana, it became, even more than had been previously the case, an object of Spanish policy to promote the establishment of colonies of European emigrants on the outposts of Louisiana, and to encourage the cultivation of wheat, so as to supply its inhabitants, and make them independ-
ent of the people of the United States for that food.. At no period-of Spanish colorfization was the disposal of the public lands a source of revenue, as ours have been in the United States.
Conditions of settlement on the performance of other stipulations were. imposed, -but in no instance was the payment of money exacted, ekcept in a few cases in Florida, where grants of land were permitted by the kidg to be made by the Indians to individuals for depredations upon the latter. But money for
the king's revenue, or for colonial purposes, was never exacted in payment for lands granted. The land *granted was usually limited in quantity, bat varied according to the -objects for which the grant was made. Several cases determined in this court exhibit the ratification by it of grants made by the Spanish governors of Floridai.and- Louisiana, from a few acres
to hundreds of- thousands of acres. Every kind of considera-: tion for them is also exhibited. Sometimes the settlement and cultivation by the grantee himself; sometimes by settlers to be introduced -by him; at othe.qr timies, the construction of mills, or the establishment of large 'graing farms; again, a reward for -military services; somefime8 the liquidation .and settlement of previoulyexisting contracts. Of all these considerations, and'of many- others, which were-'the foundation of grants of land by the Spanish governor, the records of this court afford ample evidence.

-884

SUPREME . COURT.

The United States v. King et al.

In this state of the country, and under that sy§tem of policy, the Spanish governor, Carondelet, made a contract on the 17th of March, 1795, with the Marquis de Maison Rouge, a French emigrant, then lately arrived in the colony. The object of it was-to establish a colony of European immigrants on the Wishita River, to cultivate wheat, and to erect mills for manufacturing flour. The Spanish government agreed to pay in money two hundred dollars for every family of two .persons, four hundred for those having four laborers, and one hundred for those, having one useful laborer. It also agreed to facilitate their passage to the place of settlement, supply them with pro-

visions, to pay for the transpiortation of them and their luggage,

when they came by sea to New Orleans, and. to. grant to every

family containing two white persons fit ifor. agriculture four

hundred arpens of land, and a. corresponding proportion for

more .or less.- In the outset, the number of families was limited

to thirty.

i

The contract of March, 1795, was designed to be the begin-

ning of a national policy deemed by the Spanish government,

and its representatives in Jouisiana, essential to the independ-

ence of that province, and to the preservation'of other terri-

tories of Spain still farther south. The government, therefore,

undertook -to defray. all the expenses of its commencement,

knowing that, after the settlement of thirty fam ilies in a wilder-

ness,, others would be "induced to migrate to it, paying their

own way, on account of that security which first s'ettlers al-

ways give to new lands. The Marquis de Maison Rouge

stipulated for nothing to be performed on his part but the in-

troduction of thirty emigrant families into the province. '-Every.

other term of -the agreement is to be performed by the Spanish

government. The inspection of it, at pages 58 and 103 of the

record, will. show that all the. onerous stipulations were on the

part of the Spanish authorities, but none of them could in any

way, or -by any' construction of it, result in any pecuniary gain

to Maison Rouge. Guides, and provisions, expenses of trans-

portation, and grants of land and money, were to be furnished,.

given, paid, and made to the emigrants. Not a dollar was to

bepaid, to the Marquis. The contract does not give him an acre

of land. Not the smallest benefit from it was to come to him.

The Intendant, Morales, a man of vigorous character', and

strict in his administration of the colonial finances, did not ap-

prove of the Baron de Carondelet's mode"of colonization in his

contract with Maison Rouge,-on account.of the expenditures to

which it led; 'but at the same time he expresses his opinion,

that it was the policy of the Spanish government to '"have an

-extensive settlement on the Wshita, to protect the possession

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

885

The United States v. King et aL

of the kingdom of Mexico.' But Carondelet's contract with Maisbn Rouge, for the settlement of the thirty families, had
received the royal sanction as early as July, 1795. The bur-, den of it, except so far as the services of the Marquis .had aided in its accoinplishment, had fallen on the Spanish government.
The literal compliance with it bad been nearly fulfilled by the settlement of the thirty families, and the importance of the extension of such settlements became more apparent after two -years had passed, as Morales acknowledged, than it had been
when the policy was first adopted. It was then that the Baron de Carondelet recollected the unrewarded services of.Maison Rouge, - that he was a noble emigr , impoverished and driven from France by the Revolution, - and, no doubt, excited
by the success of his policy in his first experiment in colonizing the Washita wider the personal agency of the Marquis, determined'to extend it, by,making a large grant of land to him; which policy he was to carry out on his own account, at his own expense, and for his. own benefit. The language of the grant is, "1Forasmuch as the Marquis de Maison Rouge is near completing the establishment of the Washita, which he was authorized to make for thirty-families by the royal order of July 14th, 1795, and desirous to remove, for the future, all doubt respecting other families or new colonists who may
come to establish themselves, we destine and appropriate conclusively, for the .establishment of the aforesaid Marquis de Maison Rouge, by virtue of the powers granted us by the king, the thirty superficial leagues marked in the plan annexed to the head7, of this instrument, with the limits and boundaries.
designated, with our approbation, by the surveyor, Don Carlos Lareau Trudeau, under the terms stipulated and cohttacted for by the said Marquis de.Maison Rouge." This grant was made on the 20th June, 1797, eleven days after the letter'of the 9th June from Morales to the Marquis de Maison Rouge, (record, p. 24J,) in which the Intendant, after refusing to alter,a previous decision concernifg the'payment of money to some of the Marquis's emigrants, under the contract of 1795," says, '.- "I doubt not that your intentionsare the best for the interest of my august' sovereign ; that 'with this object, besides the. convenience of living.under his wise laws, you formed- your plan, aid I cannot disguise my belief, that it would be very. useful
for Spain to plant an extensive settlement on the Washita, to protect the possession of the kingdom of Mexico; but I cannot admit, with all his reasoning, that your project will be the best and most advantageous to effect that purpose; far from it. I entertain the opinion, that, if the government desire to benefit by the present circumstances, they can accomplish their ends

886

SUPREME COURT.

The 'United States v. King et al

without great expense." It may be reasonably concluded, that the extract from the letter of Moralies was in reply to one from Maison Rouge, concerning the contract of 1795. The internal evidence warrants such an inference. And, as it shows a difference of opinion between the Intendant and the Baron de
Carondelet concerning the mode of colonization, and the disapproval by the former of the manner in which the latter had carried out that policy in his contract with Maison Rouge, both of them, however, acknowledging the wisdom and necessity of such policy, though differing upon whom the expense of it should fall, - we have the motives and the reason for Carondelet's grant to. the Marquis. Further, the grant in quantity, two hundred thousand arpens, was not more than enough for five hundred' families, at the rate of allowance fixed by the contract of 1795. It could only become valuable to the Marquis by being colonized by him. The. general policy 'on which it was made justifies the extent of the grant, and shows the strong desie of the government to extend and promote the settlement on the Washita, without incurring the expense of the previous arrang3men't. It was -well known, before the contract of 1795 was made with Maison Rouge, and from the execution of-it by him, that settlers could not be induced to fix their' residences in such a wilderness then, without "gratuities of land and money, and their-transportation being paid. These were to be borne, therefore, by the Marquis. It is not at all
improbable, if his life had been spared to carry out his design, that the cost of it would have left him but'a small part of what at first seems, from the magnitude of the grant, to be a princi. pality. Time only has ever repaid the actual cost of colonization; but individual settlers in new countries, wheh not disturbed by wars, or destroyed by savages, have commonly gathered fruits for themselves and for their posterity. Still, the grant was- an inducement for the Marquis to attempt to colonize it. The man who has fallen from a high estate into nothing, seizes upon ventures to regain his elevation, and the greater the risk he'may run and overcome, the greater will be his pride at his re6xaltation, or, if of another temper, his thankfulness to Providence for his success.
I cannot help thinking, top, that there is a caution in the terms of the grant, if taken in connection with the contract of 1795, very much in favor of its validity. As that contract did, it guards against the introduction of American settlers, which, under the foimer, the government had been able to prevent, by making its payments and grants of land only on proof that the families or emigrants had come from Europe. And it not only forbids any interference with the -previous settlers within the

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

887

The United-States v. King et al.

grant, who held by "title in form," or by virtue of a fresh
commission, but imposes on the Marquis an obligation "to maintain and support them in all of their rights," - that is, titles made and granted to other persons within the region
comprehended in the figurative plan of Trudeau, just as that grant was made to the Marquis, and which, when they were
found to exist, the Marquis was permitted to have land elsewhere, in equal quantities.
Hitherto I hav endeavoured to show, in this part of the case, -made so, however, only by the decision of the majority of the court, - that the grant was authentic and genuine, from the internal evidence in it connected with that of the contract of 1795, and from the services of the Marquis in fulfilling that contract, in conformity with the national policy of Spain in respect to settlers on the Washita. But I have done so more
for the purpose of showing its reasonableness, and to resist suggestions against it, than with any intention of relyiig upon it myself, exclusively, as conclugive of the fact, of the execution of the grant by Carondelet, with the figurative plan of Trudeau contemporarily annexed;- for .the execution of the grant. is proved by the witness Tessier, just as the law of
Louisiana, or the civil law of Spain, required that it should be, for the purpose of verifying, in the trial of a suit, any ihstm-
ment (escritura)upon which a party in it relies for establish-
ment of his right.
. An instrument of writing (escritura) is every deed that is made by the hand of a public escribano, or notary of a corporation, or council (concejo), or sealed with the seal of the king, or other authorized "person." L. 1, tit. 18, p. 3. "Hence arise the two kinds which- produce full faith and full proof; one public, made by the. escribano or notary, with the solemnities prescribed by laws" ; "another authentic, which is that
sealed by the' king, bishops, prelates, and great men of the kingdom." Either of these is, in suits, judicially proved, when
such as are distinctively "public" are signed by a "public escribano," when it is not wanting in any required solemnity,
and when the deed or original is confirmed by the register or protocol, in the escribano's records.; and when the deed is of
that denomination called ".authentic," -from being signed by the king, or an officer authorized by the royal order of the
king, special or general, - the proof of such signature; and the instrument having a proper seal, establishes it, without any reference to the protocol of it, in the public archives, when it appears that the protocol, or order for it, has been lost, or is
beyond the jurisdiction of the court, so that the conformity betWeen the original and the protocol cannot be* ascertained by

888

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. King et al.

the process of the court. It must be recollected, that the deed given to the party is the original, though taken from the register or protocol; and that, in the law of Louisiana, or civil law
of Spain, a copy, or traslado, is the transcript from that original.
Now, it is. by just such proof as I have mentioned, that the grant to the Marquis de Maison Rouge has been 'established in this case, as ah authentic original, proved not by one witness only, but by two, with a positiveness of declaration and knowledge of the fact of the signatures to the grant'that cannot be
made stronger. Mr. Dubigny, Secretary of State for Louisiana, (pp. 59, 54, of the record,) says, that "he recognizes the signatures ' to the deed ' of the aforesaid Baron de Carondelet, and of Don Andres Lopez Armesto, the secretary of the govern-
ment of Louisiana, as genuine, and of the proper handwriting of these persons respe6tively; that the said instrument is in the handwriting of Charles Tessier, Esq., of Baton Rouge, who was then first clerk in the secretary's office "; and he "moreover declares, that he had a knowledge thereof about the time it was issued, and that it (the grant) "was a maker of public notoriety." This affidavit was made by Mr. Dubigny in 1824, before Galvin Prual, Esq., a justice of the peace for
the city of NeWv Orleans. Nineteen years afterwards, on the 22d of May, 1843, Charles Tessier, Esq., the same person mentioned by Mr. Dubigny, is examined in this case, by ' vir-. tue of a commission for that purpose issued by the Circuit Court, and he says, in answer to the direct interrogatories put to him, repeating the same also to the cross-interrogatories, without deviation or alteration, except in othE: particulars,
showing his forbearance in speaking of the transaction after such a lapse of time, -he says that "he is above sixty-geven years of age; that he was a native of Louisiana; that he was, when the grant, was made, principal clerk in the office of the Spanish government for making grants of land and that he. is now the judge of the parish of East Baton Rouge; that the grant marked A is filled up in the handwriting of this-deponent, who was chief clerk of the Spanish government of Louisiana at, the time, and did the land-office business in filling up
grants; that he is familiar with the handwriting of the governor, Baron de Carondolet, and of Don Andres Lopez Armesto, secretary of the government; the deponent has often seen them both write and sign their names; the signatures of Governor Carondelet and Secretary Armesto to the document A are both -genuine." What more-than the testimony of these two witnesses- both of unquestibned character, each in his life signalized in their community by holding offices of public

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

889

The United States v. King et al.

trust and confidence -can be wantihg, to establish the genu-

ineness of the grant to Maison Rouge ? But there is -more.

Tessier further says, that "he has d personal knowledge of the time when the said grant was made and issued, because he

filled it up at the time of its date; his knowledge was there-

fore personal, as he performed the service ; the grant was not a

secret, but of public notoriety; that the grant was denominated

and considered a titult en firma,'and was such complete and

perfect evidence of title as not to require any other to validate

or strengthen it ; that he was familiar with the operations,

forms, usages, and customs of"the land department under Governor Carondelet ; and that though he, at this distance of time,

nearly fifty years since, cnnot recollect whether Carlos Tru-

deau's plan and process verbal was or was not before his eyes

when, he filled up the-body of the grant A, he always obeyed

the orders of the Baron deCarondelet, and of the secretary of.

the government, Don Andres Lopez Armesto, and in this in-,

stance, as in others, performed his official duty." -He repeats,

to another interrogatory, "that at this distance of time, forty-six

years, he is unable to say whether he. had or had not'Tru-

deau's figurative plan and process verbal before him; but he is

certain he performed his duty, either by dictation or -written instructions of his superiors, or by seeing the -document B

(Brengier's copy of Trudeau's figurative plan), though he can-

not say in which of the three respective modes he acted upon

the occasion; there was a general form of ordinary gmnts,

which changed when the grant was special, for certain purposes and under certain conditions, and the governor or secre-

tary then usually dictated or wrote the words of the grant, which was afterwards copied; but he cannot recollect how it was in this instance." And in his answer to the cross-inter-

rogatory, he says that, "in his answers to the interrogatories in

chief, he has answered the different questions as well as he

could, and endeavoured to discriminate between their opinions

and his own personal knowledge of matters."

The proof of the grant, then, is positive, but suspicion is at-

tempted to be thrown upon it by the denial of the fact it re-

cites, that the. figurative plan of Trudeau was annexed to it, when it was signed bf the governor. And that denial rests

upon Tessier's forbearing to state positively that it was before

him when he filled up the grant, and upon Girod's pamphlet

and the ex parte testimony annexed to it. Now, before any

suspicion of the grant can arise from Tessier not being able t6

swear positivyly to that fact, it must appear that it was in the

order of the-business of the Spanish land-office, and that it was

required by the laws and usages of Spain in Louisiana, that such

vOL. vir.

75

890

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. King et al.

figurative plans - which, itmust'be remembered, are not actual surveys, but descriptions of natural boundaries in a 'grant, in
conformity with which actual surveys were afterwards to be made - should form a part of that muniment of title in the landoffice from which the secretary made or filled up the grant, and
that it was not sufficient for such a statement'to be-made of it
as there is in the grant in this instance. I will make no assertion upon this point in respect to what was the practice in .Louisiana when it was a province of Spain; but Florida land
grants and those of Louisiana were made under royal orders of the king of Spain, and I can say, that, in our judicial affir-
mation in this court of Florida land claims, we have not in 4ny instance called for a figurative plan in any one of them, but have in several of them ordered surveys to be made from
the descriptions in the grants. But I may also say, that there is a good reason why the figurative plan of an extended grant should not have been before the secretary who filled it up at the time when he did so, and it is this; - that the figurative plan was a mere delineation of what the grant, by conformable
description, gave, and that,'as the verification of'the delineation
by actual survey could only establish the locality of the land, it was not in a condition before that was done for official registry. Under the Spanish law, the survey of the surveyor-
general or his authorized deputies was conclusive of the locality of the grant, but the grant itself gave property -to the grantee, It was property meant to bq protected by the tieaty. Though
no survey had been made by the Spanish surveyors before the
treaty was made, surv6ys afterwards, 'in conformity with the grant, have been always deemed sufficient by this court, and where a case has occurred, under a claim of a Spanish grant, where there had been, either before-or after the treaty, an im-
perfect survey, this court, upon being satisfied of the genuine ness of the grant, has ordered the survey to be made, to carry out the grant to its originally intended consummation. See
the chse of The United States v. Forbes, 15 Peters. *But how can the contemporary annexation of, the figurative
1 an to the Maison Rouge grant be denied in this case, after the proof of the signatures of the governor and secretary to the grant? Those officers assert in the grant that it was annexed, with limits and boundaries designated by Don Carlos Trudeau. Now, unless these signatures are disproved, or it is proved that the govemor, Carohdelet, and the secretary, Armesto, had combined to practise a fraud upon their sovereign, by the assertion
of a fact in a deed which did not exist, the fact that it was annexed to the grant when it was made cannot be denied. The deed or grant, when proved, is good for All that it contains, whether

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

891

The. United States v.'King et al.

it be for what is granted, or for a fact by which that is to be
thereafter practically ascertained; and 'neither is deniable but for fraud in the making of the grant. Or the grant may be
shown to have been made without authority or contrary to law. Neither fraud nor violation of law is imputed to this grant, and it stands good for all that is asserted in it, against any suspicion of fraud which alleges that the figurative plan of Trudeau had been antedated. But, further still, against such a suspicion, shall no force be given to the declaratibn of Trudeau himself in
such a case? His signature to the figurative plan is proved. He was the surveyor-general, whose duty it was to make for
the governor, by his order such a figurative plan, before the governor could make the Wrant. A plan is made purporting to be signed by Trideau, his signature is proved to be genuine,
the governor and his secretary recognize it to be such by ihaking a grant according to it; the character of Trudeau for private virtue and official ability and integrity is proved by those who knew him. If all this be-not proof positive that the figurative plan had been made and was annexed to the grant contemporarily with its execution, then no proof, will suffice, and our rejection of it involves a denial of all truthful character in the three highest functionaries then representing the king of Spain in Louisiana, the Baron de Carondelet, Secretary Armesto, and the Surveyer-General Trudeau. Such is the consequence
concerning these men; but I know the majority of this court do not mean it, for if the more subordinate conditi6n of two of them had not imposed upon their contemporaries the conviction that they were uninfected by the corruption which we are too apt to suppose degraded the provincial officers of Spain, the Baron Carondelet lived in his long career of public service to
his sovereign, and died in it, unsuspected. I will not take up further time by making any remarks
upon the suggestion, that the grant of June, 1797, was not meant to convey lan4l to the Marquis'de Maison Rouge for him-
self, but was a grant for emigrants, as the contract of 1795 with him was, except. to say, that it would indeed be very singular
if the two were for the same purpose; that in that of 1795 the government of Spain bore all the burdens of colonization, and in the grant of June 20th, 1797, no provision is made for such a purpose, but they were to be borne by the Marquis de Maison
Rouge, an impoverished emigrd from France, and whose poverty in his humble residence in a wilderness, bought by him for a small price, is proved in the record, and relied upon by this
court, as it is shown in his will by his use of the word bienes as a reason that such a grant was not made to him. He used that
word bienes- as any otber person who had been brought up

892

SUPREME COU RT.

The United States v. King et al.

under the civil law would have done - as signifying all that a
man can own, or which can be property. Besides, however, the difference in regard to the expenses of colonization in the two instruments just mentioned, that they were not meant for the same purpose, without benefit to the Marquis in the last, is very-
conclusively -shown by the fact that they were made by different authorities, - the one by the--governor, Carondelet, without operation until it received the approval of the king, because it involved the expenditure of the king's revenue; that of June, 1,797, by'the govrernor himself, who, by the royal order, was authorized to make grants of land without the special assent of the king to such grants.
It is true that the language of the grant to the Marquis, after
saying that he "1is near completing the establishment of the Washita, which he was authorized to make for thirty fimilies
by the royal order of July 14th, 1705," does recite further, "that, desirous to removie for the future all doubt respecting other families or colonists who may come to establish them-
selves, we destine and appropriate conclusively for the establishment of the'aforesaid Marquis de Maison Rouge 'the thirty superficial leagues marked in the plan annexed to the head of this instrument." But the extension of colonization implied by it certainly cannot become a fact of a previous contract for that purpose, almost already completed, 'without the same terms for its enlargement as the king of Spain imposed upon his treasury in the first contract, or other terms expressed and assented to by the Marquis. And I will further say, if this grant, from its terms, can be interpreted to convey land for emigrants, of
which the Marquis was only a trustee, that the terms used in it will be equally effective to convey to the Marquis the dominion of the land for himself, if the facts in the case and the reasoning upon them shall preponderate in favor of the latter interpretation. In other words, the suggestion of the court in the opin-ion, of a conveyance having been in'tended -for colonists, and not for the Marquis, admits, so far as the suggestion conveys
the first idea, that the words of the grant are sufficient to convey the land by such an instrument. There can be no objection to the grant, then, on account of a deficiency of formal
terms of conveyance. Such services were never required by the civil law of Spain to make a good grant for land. Any
words for that purpose are enough, in a grant iom which an equitable title can be inferred for'the grantee. The suit of the United States against King is in the nature of a writ of ejectment. Inasmuch, however, as the distinction, so well known in England -and in our States in the United States, between courts -of equity and courts of common law does not prevail in

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

893

The United -States v. King et aL

Louisiana, what in England woufldbe recognized as a purely equitable title'may serve as well in a court in Louisiana as a perfect legal title, either to maintain the claim of -the United States, or as a defence on the part of the defendant against such demand. In the case of The United States v. Fitzgerald, 15 Peters, this -court.recognized what has tjust .been *said to. be the correct'doctrine of the Circuit Court of the United States sitting in Louisiana, and gave judgment for the defendant'in a-
writ of error, upon a right purely equitable,. against the strictly legal title of the United States, in a petitory action for the re-
covery of land. But let it be admitted, for the sake of the argument, that the
instrument of June 20th, 1797, was designed to carry out more extensively the contract of 1795, either for the benefit of the settlers who had been already ,introduced under that contract,
or for other colonists who 'Might thereafter be placed upon the land by the Marquis, I cannot see how the 'right of the Ufiited
States to recover-in this action isin any way strengthened. Whether the thirty leagues were assigned to the Marquis for
his own use, or in trust.for others, - whether he was tb be the sole and exclusive, proprietor, or was to hold it, as is contended, for 'the benefit of others, - is a question with which the United States have nothing to do. That is wholly between the Marquis, as holding the legal title, and those who may advance. a
claim as cesmui que use. In either case, the land was severed from the'public domain
and became private property. It could not, in either case, pass, by any construction of the treaty, to the United States. They have neither a legal nor'equitable title to the land. In order to
entitle the United States to a judgment, they must affirmatively aver and prove a-title in themselves.
The very pretension that the Marquis received this' grant as a trustee for otflers is as fatal against a recovery by the United States as if the entire legal and equitable title were conceded to be, as in my judgment it is clearly shown to be, vested absolutely and excfusively in the Marquis de Maison Rouge.
I have written much upon this case, I know, -more than I usually permit myself to do in any case; but less would not have shown the judicial history of this, from the beginning of the action to its. first appearance in this court, or our judgment and vacated judgment afterwards, and now the .course which this court has taken upon the writ of error to reverse the judgment of the Circuit Court.
One word more. The mandate upon the, decision here made
is for the reversal of the judgmeht given in favor of King for the land for which the United States sued him. The case will
I 75.k

894

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. King et aL

of course be before the Circuit Court of Louisiana again, whennew evidence on both, sides may be introduced, or, if that does not exist, for that court to correct the error in its judgment. It cannot do so by any decision of this court upon the bills bf exceptions in the record. The reversal is for causes or errors
,said to be in the judgment. If, then, the Circuit Court shall, in its further trial of this cause, be of the opinion that the evidence proves title to the land in king, .1 presume that the mandate will be satisfied if it gives ajudgment in his favor again for that quantity of land for which the United States has sued, without saying any thing about the validity of the title, or declaring that Mr. Coxe is an owner, of any part of the Maison Rouge grant.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and'was argued by counsel. On consideration iwhereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to that court to enter judgment for the United States for the land described in the petition.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

89

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

CHARLES WILKES, PLAINTIFF IN ERRO, .- SANUEL DNsdAN.

In a suit brought by a marine against the commanding officer of a squadron, in

which the marine alleged that he was illegally detained on board after the expira-

tion of his term of enlistment, it was competent for the defendant to give in evi-

dence a letter which he had written to the Secretary of the Navy, relating to the circumstances of the enlistment. An acquittal of the commandihg officer by a court-martial, when tried for te same acts by order of .the government, is not admissible evidence in a suit by an

individual.

The act of Congress passed on the 2d of March, "1837, (5 Stat. at Large, 153,) authorized a reEnlistment of marines to serve during the cuise then about to take place, they being included in the denomination of "persons eilisted for the navy." Prior laws recognize marines as a part of the navy.
Under the same act, the commander of tie squadron had-power to detain a marine

after the term of his, enlistment expired, if, in the opinion of the commander,. public interest required it.

At the time of enlistment, the marine corps'being subject to such laws and regulations as might, at any time, be established for tbe'better government of the navy,

it was a part of the contract of enlistment that the party'should obey them, when-

ever passed. It Was, therefore, no objection to such laws, that they were passed

after his entering the service.

u

t t

By.the third article for the government of the navy, the commander'is iuthorized to cause twelve lashes to be inflicted, for scandalous conduct, without a court-martial. Every successive disobedience of orders is a fresh offence, and subject to

additional punishment.

The commander had not only a right to cause corporal punishment to be inflicted, but to resort to any reasonable measurds necssary to insure submission. He

had, therefore, a right to imprison the refractory party on shore, if done without

malice. The commander was acting as a public officer, invested with certain discretionary-

powers, and cannot be made answerable for any injury, when acting within the

scope of his authority, and not influenced by malice, 'corruption, or-cruelty. His position is quasi judicial.

Hence, the burden of proof that the officer exceeded his powers is upon the paity complaining; the rule of law being, that the acts of a public officer, on public

matters, within his jurisdiction and where he has a discretion, are to be presumed

legal till ihown by others to be unjustifiable.

It is not enough to show that he committed an error in judgment, but it must have

been a malicious and wilful error.

THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from 'the Circuit Court of. the United States for Washington county in the District of Columbia.
It was an action of trespass vi et armis, for assault and battery and false imprisonmeni, brought, in the Circuit Court, by Dinsman, a marine in the service of the United States, who served in the Exploring Expedition, which was commanded
by Wilkes. The facts were these. On the 14th of May, 1836, Congress passed an act (5 Stat.
at Large, 23), authorizing the President to send out a surveying and exploring expedition to the Pacific Ocean and South Seas,
and appropriating $ 150,000 for the object.
On -the 21st of November,, 1836, Dinsman enlisted in the marine corps of the United States for four years.
8*

90

SUPREME COURT.

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

On the 2d of March, 1837, Congress passed an ect (5 Stat. at Large, 153), entitled, "An act to provide for the enlistment of boys for the naval service, and to extend the term of the
enlistment of seamen." The second section was as follows, viz. :-
"That when the time of service of any person enlisted for the navy shall expire while he is on board any of the public 'vessels of the United States employed on foreign, service, it
shall be the duty of the commanding.-officer of the fleet, squadron, or vessel in which such person may be to send him to the United States in some public or other vessel, unless his detention shall be essential to the public interests, in which case the said officer may detain him until the vessel in which he shall be serving shall return to the United States; and it shall be the duty of said officer immediately to make report to the Navy Department of such detention', and the causes
thereof." In October, 1837, Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, then com-
manding the vessels which were preparing to sail on the' eipediti6n, issued a general oider, proposing to give three months' pay as bounty, -and forty-eight hours of liberty on shore, to all the petty officers, seamen, and marines who should- regnter for three years from the first of the ensuing November.
.In ,the same month, viz. October, 1837, a contract was made between Jones and the non-commissioned officers and privatesof marines, which was as follows :

"We, the subscriber§, non-commissioned officers and privates of marines, do, and each of us doth, hereby agree to and with Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, captain of the United States navy,. in manner and form Jblowing, that. is to say: In the first
place, we do hereby agree, for the consideration, hereinafter ,mentioned, to' enter into the South Sea surveying and exploring service of the United States, and in due and seasonable time to repair on board such armed vessel or vessels as may be. ordered on that service; and to the utmost of our power and *ability, respectively, to discharge our several services or de ties, and in every thing to be conformable and, obedient to the several requirings and lawful commands of the naval officers who may, from time to time, be placed over us.
" Secondly. We do also oblige and subject ourselves to serve during the term of the cruise; and'we do severally oblige ourselves, by these articles, to comply with, and be sub-. ject to, such rules and discipline of, the navy of the, United States as are, or that may be, established by the Congress of
the United States,

JANUARY TERM, -1849.

9

"Wilkes v. Dinsman.

" Thirdly. The said Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, for and-in behalf of th.e United States,- doth hereby covenant and 'agree to and with the said non-commissioned officers and privates of the marines,. who have hereunto signed their names, and each of them, that they shall be paid for such services the amoiint per month which, in the column hereunto annexed, is set opposite to each of their names, respectively; and likewise
to advance to each and every of them three months' bounty, the receipt whereof they do hereby acknowledge; and that they shall be punctually discharged at the expiration of the
term of their enlistment, or as soon thereafter as each vessel of the expedition shall return to a port of safety in the United
States.

Name. Philip B~ash Samuel Dinsman

Or&&e
Private "

Per month
$7 7

Signatume.
his Philip H Baa.
mark. his
Samuel H Dinsman mark.

Wtes
James Edelin.
James Edelin.

On the 25th of October, 1837, a part of the bounty was paid, amounting to $15, and'soon afterwaids the remaining
$ 6, making together three months' pay. On the 20th of April, 1838, Iieut. Com. Charles Wilkes was
appointed to the command of the squadron.
On the 2d of August, 1838, A. 0. Dayton, the Fourth Auditor of the Treasury Department, wrote letters to the pursers of the vessels, directing them to charge the marines with
the amount of bounty which had been paid to them, alleging
that it was prohibited by law.. In the course of the month of August, 1838, the expedition
sailed. On the 1st of September, 1838, Captain Wilkes addressed a
letter to the Secretary of the Navy,.expressing surprise that the pursers had been directed by the Fourth Auditor, to charge the mar s with the amount paid to them as bounty, and informing the Secretary that he had ordered the pursers not to do so. With this letter were sent some other papers, illustrative of the transaction. The pursers obeyed the order of Captain
Wilkes.
In the months of November and December, 1840, the transactions occurred, which are set forth with great particularity in the bills -of exceptions.
On the 24th of November, 1842, (the squadron having returned home,) Dinsman brought this action against Wilkes.

92

SUPREME COURT.

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

In the mean time, however, a court-martial had been held upon Wilkes, one 6fPthe charges before which was "cruelty and oppression," founded upon the same occurrences which are set forth in the bills of exceptions., The finding of the court was, that the accused was "not guilty.",
In March; 1845, the cause came on for trial before the Circuit Court, the.counsel on both sides having previously agreed that the defendant might give the special matter in evidence as though it was fully pleaded. The jury found a verdict of guilty, and assessed the damages of the plaintiff at five hundred dollars.
The following bills of exceptions were taken in the progress
of the trial: -

Plaintiff's 1st Bill of Exceptions.
SAMUEL DINSMAN V. CHARLrS WILKES.
At the trial of this case, the plaintiff, to support the issues on his part joined, read in evidence, to have the same effect, by consent of parties, as if the original enlistment of the said plaintiff were produced, the certificate of Major Parke G. Howle, adjutant of the marine corps of the United States; and also read in evidence, for the purpose of showing thd forms and mode of such enlistment, without objection, certain blank forms, used and adopted in all regular enlistments or re6nlistments into said marine corps. And said Howle testified, he being examined as a witness, that, by the rules and regulatibns of said corps, the said forms of said enlistment were required to be indorsed by the, recruiting officer, for the purpose of identifying the officer by whom such enlistment was made, and that such enlistment was regularly made.
The said plaintiff then gave evidence, further tending to prove, that he embarked, under orders as a private in said marine corps, in the United States Exploring Expedition,, which sailed from the United States .on or about the 18th day of August, A. D. 1838, under the command of the defendant, who was a lieutenant in the navy of the United States; that afterwards, while the United States ship Vincennes, one of the vessels of the said expedition, was at the island of Oahu, one of the Sandwich Islands, in the Pacific Ocean, (from which American vessels frequently sailed to the United States,) the term of four years, for which the said plaintiff had enlisted as aforesaid, expired' and was fully ended; and the said plaintiff, then and there, to wit, on the 16th day of November, A. D. 1840, on board said ship, claimed of the defendant his discharge from the service of the United States, and refused to perform the duties required of him by the defendant, (still command-

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

93

Wilkes v. Diusman.

ing said expedition and said ship,) and his subordinate officers; whereupon the defendant, then and there, committed the trespasses, as alleged in the declaration in this case on the part of
the said plaintiff; and afterwards the said expedition and the said ship sailed from the said island, carrying said plaintiff on board of said ship, commanded by the said defendant in person; and that, while the said plaintiff was on board of said ship, as last aforesaid, he ivas repeatedly flogged and put in irons, by
order of said defendant, for refusing to perform the duties of a marine on board of said ship, required of him by order of said defendant; and the said plaintiff was detained on board said ship, or"some other vessel of said expedition, continually, by order of said defendant, and against his consent, until the return of said ship or other vessel to the United States, about the 15th of June, A. D. 1842, although the said ship touched at various, foreign ports b6fore her said retprn to the United
States, and after the term for which said plaintiff had enlisted, as aforesaid, was completed and expired.
The said plaintiff then rested his case.. And thereupon the defendant offered evidence tending to show, that, after the passage, by the Congress of. the United States, of the act of 1836, making appropriations ior the naval service, the President of the United States proceeded to carry the said act into effect, and appointed Thomas Ap C. Jones, a captain in the United States navy, to command the expedition authorized by said act; that the vessels designed for the expedition were assembled at New York, under the command of said Jones, and were there in the month of October, 1837, and on the 21st day of said October the said Jones issued his general order No. 2; that the' said general order was rdad to the
ship's crew of the ship Relief, on which ship the said plaintiff was at that time serving as a marine under his said enlistment; that it was read by the officer then in command of said ship, and by him placed in the "booby-hatch," a conspicuous part of said ship, to which all the men had access, for their perusal, and remained there during the greater part of the morning'; that the said Jones also addressed an order to the pursers of the squ .ron, hereinafter appended; the defendant then produced to the court the following written papers, viz.: a paper purporting to be a contract between said Jones and the plaintiff, with
other persons, and a paper purporting to be a receipt for bounty, and then proved to the court, by the subscribing witnesses thereto, that said papers were signed by the said plaintiff as' they purport to be, and that b6fore signing the same the said papers were read to said plaintiff; and that said first paper purporting to be a contract as aforesaid, was prepared by ord

SUPREME COURT.
Wilkes v. Dinsman.
of said Jones, and that the subscribing witnesses thereto were commissioned officers of the United States; and that, after the signing of said papers, the said plaintiff received, on the 25th of October, 1837, the sum of $ 15, and subsequently the further sum of $6, making $21 in all,'being a sum equal to three months' pay, and the same was paid to and received by said plaintiff as bounty; and the defendant further offered evidence to the court, tending to show, that from that time forth to his return to the United States, in the said month.of June, 1842, the said plaintiff received -from the said United States his
monthly pay of $ 7 per month, being the amount stipulated in
the said shipping articles, over and above the sum of $ 21, paid and received as aforesaid as bounty; and he further offered evidence to the court to show, that the said Jones resigned his said command -before the sailing of the said expedition; and that, on the 20th of April, 1838, it was given to the defendant by order of the Secretary of the Navy of that date.
That said defendant sailed from the United States in the month of August, 1838, in command of the said squadron under the instructions of the President, which it is agreed may be read from the printed history of the said expedition.
That, about the time of the sailing of the said expedition, the pursers thereof received from the Fourth Auditor of theTreasury a communication, inquiring by what authority the said bounty had been paid to the marines, of whom one was the said plaintiff, and disallowing it in the accounts of said pursers,
and requiring them to charge the same to the men on their pay accounts, and deduct the same therefrom, which said last communication was reported by said purises to the. defendaat; and thereupon the defendant issued his order of the 14th September, 1838, now read to the court, w'hich order was thereupon obeyed by said pursers, and the said "-bounty money" never was charged to said met..
And the said defendant then offered to read in evidence to the jury the said written papers, so as aforesaid signed by the plaintiff, and also the said letter of said defendant,. addressed to the pursers as aforesaid, in connection.with each other, and with all'the evidence hereinbefore stated; but the plaintiff, by his counsel, objected to the admissibility of the said written paper, purporting to be a contract or shipping articles, and also to the admissibility of the said receipt for. bounty, and also to the admissibility of -the said letter of the said defendant, whether the same are offered as' independent evidence, or in connedtion with each other, or with other evidence; but the court overruled said objections, and suffered all of said- papers and the said letter to be read in evidence to the jury, as com-,

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

95

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

petent testimony. And the said plaintiff excepts to the opinion of the. court, and to the admissibility of each and every of said papers, and said letter so admitted, and claims the 'same benefit of exception as if each of said papersiand the said letter were separately excepted to; and this, their bill of exceptions, is signed, sealed, and enrolled this 24th day of April, A. D. 1845.
W. CRiCn. [SEAL.]
To, this bill of exceptions were attached the following papers, referred to in a preceding part of this statement, viz.: -
1. The date of enlistment, in November, 1836. 2. A blank form of enlistment. 3. An order from Commander Thomas Ap Catesby Jones to the pursers, directing them to pay three months' bounty. 4. The contract between Jones and the marines.

Defendant's 1st Bill of Exceptions.
On the further trial of this cause, and after all the evidence contained in the foregoing bills of exceptions, as well thos6 taken by the plaintiff in his said' first bill, as also those taken by defendant, and the rulings of the court therein contained, the defendant, further to maintain the issue on his part joined, offered to give evidence tending to show, that, after the sailing of the said squadron under his command, to wit, in August, 1838, from the waters of the United States, and after the receipt by the pursers of the said squadron of the said letter of the Fourth Auditor, inquiring by what authoxity the said pursers had paid the said bounty to the said marines, and requiring them to charge thenr therewith,' the marines on board his said ship murmured at the said requisition of the said Fourth Auditor, and that said plaintiff was on board the said ship, and so continued up to the time of the said supposed grievances, withobt objection; and after the said supposed grievances he continued to serve as a marine in the said squadron, and received pay as such marine, until his arrival in the United States, where he was discharged. And, also, that Simeon A. Stearns was the non-commissioned officer in command of said marines during the whole cruise, from the time of their sailing to their arrival in the United States,there being no commissioned officer of marines attached to the said -expedition; that lie also acted as quartermaster of marines, and he was the only medium of communication, according to the rules and regulations of the service, between the said marines and the said defendant, commanding as aforesaid. And, thereupon, he offered further, evidence to show

96

SUPREME COURT.-

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

that the defendant, at the time he issued to the said pursers the said order, contained and set out in plaintiff's first bill of exceptions, not to charge the men with the said bounty, he communicated the said order, so issued by him as aforesaid, to the then Secretary of the Navy, by a letter, in the words and figures following, to wit (copied in the record), and accompanied the said offer with proof that the said letter was received by tle said Secretary of the Navy; and also offered to read'the said. letter, (or report in the form of a letter,) made by the said Sergeant Simeon A. Stearns to the defendant, and referred to in his, the 'defendant's said letter, last mentioned, to the said Secretary of the Navy, accompanying the said offer Witlh proof of the handwriting of said Stearns, and that he is now (if living) out of the jurisdiction of the United States.
And the plaintiff, by his counsel, objected to the reading of the same, or either of them, to the jury, and the said court refused to permit the said papers, or either of them, to be read in evidence to the jury ; and thereupon the defendant, by his counsel, excepts to the said ruling of the said court, and prays that this bill of exceptions may be signed, sealed, aid enrolled, according to the statute, which is done accordingly, this 25th day of April; 1845.
W CRANCH. [sEAL.]
Defendant's 2d Bill of Exceptions.
And on the further trial of the said issues, the said defendant, after all the evidence contained in the foregoing bills of exceptions, made part hereof, and the several rulings of the court set out therein, offered in evidence the proceedings of a court-martial, held in the city of New York, (and which it is admitted was lawfully called and proceeded in,) for the trial of the said defendant,- Charles Wilkes, on certain charges and specifications prepared against him by the Executive of the United States; and among others, upon the charge and specification hereiniifter appended; and that the said court-martial duly proceeded to try the said Charles Wilkes on the said charge and specification, and that, on the trial thereof, the said
Philip Baab, one of the plaintiffs in said trial, was examined as
a witness, and the judgment of the said court on the said charge and specification was as hereinafter appended. And the said
plaintiff agreeing that the said extracts may be made from the
said record, and considered as if the whole record were herein
inserted, objects to the reading of any part of the said record as
evidence in this cause, except the statements of said plaintiff
Baab, contained in said record,' which the plaintiff's counsel does not object to, so far as they are relevant to the issues

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

97

Wilkes v. Di.nsman.

joined ; anld the court sustains the said objection, and refuses to

permit the same to be given irrovidence ; and the said defendant, by his counsel, excepts thereto, and prays the court to sign and seal this exception, and to cause the same to be enrolled iccording to the statute, all which is done and ordered, this

25th day of April, 1845.

W. CI.

[SEAL.]

Specification referred to in the foregoing bili of exceptions,

to. wit: -

Charge 4th.- Cruelty and Oppression.

Specification.
In this, that the respective terms of service of Samuel Pensyl. Philip Baab, George Smith, and Samuel Dinsman, "private marines," then serving on board the United States ship Vin-
cennes, having fully expired on the 16th day of 'November, 1840, the said Wilkes did refuse to give said marines their disch-rge, in conformity with the termq of their enlistment: that upon said marines declining to do further duty, the said Wilkes did cause them, on or about the 16th of November, 1840, to be put in double irons, and shortly after, on the same day, to besent on shore at Honolulu, and to be confined in the fort at a place infested with vermin; that, upon the second day of their confinement, they were separated and kept in solitary confinement; that on the 27th of November, 1840, by order of said Wilkes, they were deprived of one half their ration, which consisted mostly of "poe" and goat's meat; that on the 2d of December, 1840, the said marines were taken out and carried on boari the United States ship Vincennes, in irons, except George Smith, who was taken on board the Peacock; that said Wilkes asked them if they would go to duty, and upon their respectfully stating that the term of their enlistment had expired, the said Wilkes then confined them in double irons in the brig, a
place of confinement for prisoners in said ship; that on the 4th of December, he, .th said Wilkes, had the said Samuel Pcnsyl, Philip Baab, and 8amuel Dinsman seized up in the gangway, and inflicted on them one dozen. lashes each; that he againi confined them; that on the 7th of the same month, he had inflicted on them another dozen of lashes each; that after this system of lashing and confinement, for the preservation of their lives, the said marines were compelled, against the terms of their enlistment and against their free will, to do duty in the squadion, under the command of said Wilkes.

VOL. VII.

98

SUPREME COURT.

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

Judgment of Court-Martial.
Judgment of the court-rqartial on the Above specification, referred to in defendant's second exception, to wit: -
The 4th charge.
That the specification of the 4th charge is not proven, and That the accused, of 1he 4th charge, is nopt guilty.
Defendant's Statement of Evidence.
On the further trial of this cause, and after the evidence contained in the aforegoing bills of exceptions on the part of plaintiff and defendant, and made part hereof, the defendant further gaye evidence to show that the said squadron, under the command of the said defendant, continied on the said cruise, and proceeded to the great southern seas, and explored and surveyed the Antayctic region as far as it was possible, and in that service the said ship Vincennes received extensive 'and serious injury; that, proceeding on her said cruise, the said ship Vincennes, in the month of September, 1840, arrived in the port of Honolulu, in the island of Oahu, one of the Sandwich Islands, in the Pacific Ocean, and there came to anchor in the inner harbour, and close to the shore, and proceeded to reI~t and repair; that it was necessary to the safety of the ship, while undergoing these repairs, to be thts close to the shore, and in. the inner harbour, and it would have been unsafe, if not entirely impracticable, to have made them elsewhere; that she had then made a long voyage, and been constantly. at sea for a long period of time, during whicl her foremast had received such injuries that it was found necessary to take it out ; her seams were open, and the whole hull required repairing, to be recaulked and painted; her hold had to be broken up, and her stowage overhauled; the water-casks were taken out, .the sails taken off, and the ship almost stripped and dismantled; that about this time the period of service of some of the seamen who had not shipped for the whole cruise was about to expire, and the defendant, anxious to retain them in the service, addressed the ship's crew, and endeavoured to prevail on each of the seamen whose term of service was about to expire to reship, and, as an inducement to them, offered to give them liberty on shore; and as a reward to all those who had served so long and faithfully, and who were yet bound to continue on the cruise, in the exploration and survey2.of the Northern Pacific, he offered the same favor to them; leave was granted to all, and after their leave had expired, they set about overhauling and repairing the ship; while this work was going on,

JANUARY TERM, 1849.
Wilkes v. Dinsman.
the natives, many of whom live almost in the water, were exceedingly troublesome, and surrounded the ship continually, and thus kept up a communication with the men on duty; that soon after the arrival of the said ship at said port, the officers charged with the exploration and survey, and with other scientific duties, went on shore, taking with them their instruments, and such men as were necessary to enable them to perform their duties; the defendant himself being also engaged at the observatory, on shore, pursuing his duty, aided by such officers and men as were necessary, yet keeping within sight of the ship, having a constant communication with her,, and going on board as often as -was found necessary, and throughout retaining the command; that the general charge of the ship was left to the first lieutenant, who, it is admitted, was a competent, faithful, intelligent, and vigilant officer, aided from day to day by sucb officers as could be spared from the discharge of other duties'pertaining to the expedition; that the general object of the expedition was a peaceful voyage, to explore and survey coasts, seas, and islands, and to make such investigations as might be found practicable in aid of science; and these general objects being held, the primary purpose, for the most part, the detail of thk-shiD's service and duty was made subordinate to them, and thus nore of the officers and men were for the time withdrawn from the immediate duties of the ship than otherwise would have been , that under these circumstances, while lying in tihe said port, the marines on board being employed, among other duties, in keeping guard over such men as were from time, to time imprisoned in the ship, and before the happening of the events complained of in the declaration, on one occasion, a man confined in double irons, under charge of the marines, was during the night permitted to escape, having first managed to get his irons off; it being the duty of the sentinel to be close to and keep constantguard over him, and, Lhe sentinels or guards being changed every two h 9 urs, it was found impossible to discover during whose watch the escape had been made; on another occasion, a man thus imprisoned was, against the rules, &c., of the ship, furnished with liquor, and, while under guard, permitted to get drunk; on another occasion, a man thus imprisoned under guard of the marines was permitted to make his escape, and it thus became evident to the defendant that there was among the marines on board great relaxation' of vigilance and neglect of duty ; and on the 16th of November, 1840, Baab and two other marine., separately and collectively, the defendant then being'tngaged in duty on shore, and the first lieutenant having charge of the ship, refused any longer to do duty as such

100

SUPREME COURT.

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

marines, pretending their term of service was up, and saying they wished to be sent home; that the first lieutenant immediately reported these facts to the defendant, who came on board and summoned the said Baab, and the other two marines, before him, and. inquired of them if they still refused to do duty; they replied, as they had before to the first lieutenant, and did refuse; thereupon the defendant ordered
them into custody, and directed that they should be sent- on shore, and imprisoned in the fort on the island; that, a few days afterwards, Dinsm n in like manner refused to do duty, and was sent to the said fort. The defendant then offered the evidence of four officers of the said ship, to show that it would have 'been unsafe, if not- impracticable, in the then condition of the said ship, to have confined the said plaintiff on board; that the fort on the said island, in which the plaintiff*was confined,, was used as. a place of confinement
for the seamen of merchant-vessels lying in the said port; and that seamen who had been confined therein were enlisted in
said port, and brought from said fort into the said ship Vincennes; that the governor professed Christianity, spoke English, and resided within the said fort, where he was visited from time to time by various officers of-the said ship; that the prison of the said fort is nothing more than the houses erected for the military, and is composed of small huts or houses built in the native fashion, having the back toward the wall of the fort, with the front looking out upon an open space, in front also of the governor's house; that there are no doors to close these huts or cells, the climate being so mild as not to require
them, and, the doors being always open, they are thus allowed a freer circulation of air, and rendered more comfortable; that the furniture consists, in some iistances, of a matting on the floor, matting around'the walls, and a bunk filled with matting for sleeping ; in others there is no mat on the floor, (the floor of all is of earth,) matting only on two sides, and a bunk filled with mats on the floor; that the food supplied to the prisoners is the common food of the inhabitants, and wholesome, palatable, and invigorating, consisting of a vegetable called "taro," and fish; that the plaintiff was allowed to go out once a day, out of the walls of the fort, under the charge of a native officer, and his irons were' then taken off; that the sergeant of the marines, there being no commissioned officer'in command, commanded them, and was -also their quartermaster, and as such was bound to -look after their comfort, and report their wants to the defendant; and according to the discipline of the ship, and the rules and usage of the service, he was the only person to whom the marines could look, and through whom

JANUARY. TERM, 1849.

101

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

they could communicate with the defendant; that the said
sergeant did visit the plaintiff while in priso'n, and neveFdid report that he was suffering from confinement or otherwise in want of proper food or raiment; that such report, if ever made, must have been made through the first lieutenant of the said ship, and never was made to or through him; they further
showed, that, according to the discipline of the said ship, and the rules and regulations of the navy, it was the duty of said sergeant of marines to make report to said first lieutenau.of every case in wihich any vermin of any sort or description were found upon any marine, or among his clothing, and no such report was made to the said first lieutenant by the said sergeant of or concerning the said plaintiff; and also that, in the execution of the duties required -of the defendant and the officers and men under his command, in and by the instructions of the President, as set out in the said printed book, no part of the armed force employed in the said expedition was more important than the marines, who were not only required on board said ships for the ordinary duties thereof, but who were more essential for the protection of the officers and men
on shore, while making explorations, surveys, and observations, and gathering the information and facts directed by said in-
structions; that their services were deemed at the time the said vessels were at Honolflu most requisite in the subsequent part of the cruise ; that the said ships were then to visit the wild shores, and the officers and men to come into contact with the ferocious savages, of the Northwest Coast of America, where the marine force was especially needed ;' and it was deemed of the utmost importance to keep that force as large as possible, and that the after expirience of the voyage confirmed these impressions; that it was with this view deemed essential to the public interest tp keep said plaintiff on board said ship, and to require him to perform the duty of a marine; that the
said defendant, with all reasonable despatch, proceeded with the repairing and, refitting of the said ships, which was not completed until the -survey and exploration of the said island of Oahu had been finished,: and so soon as the said ship was in
order the said plaintiff was brought on board; that, upon being brought on board, he was required by the defendant to go to duty, and refused, and was ordered to be imprisoned in irons; the next day he was brought up, the ship being then
under weigh, and having left the said port, and again interrogated by the defendant, and required to go to duty; that he
expostulated with said plaintiff, antd explained his position, and his duty to punish him if he persisted in such refusal; that he called before said plaintiff the sergeant who commanded him,
9*

102

SUPREME COURT.

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

and who had signed with him the said articles contained in the said contract marked A, and required him to state to said plaintiff explicitly the terms of that contract; that the 'said sergeant did,, in fact, explain it to him, and inform him that he was bound to serve out the cruise; that plaintiff denied having signed any such contract, and refused to go to duty ; that defendant pointed out to plaintiff how essential his services'were to the public interest, and he still refused ; that defendant then
ordered him to receive twelve lashes on his bare back, and the punishment was accordingly "inflicted in, the manner pointed out in'the rules and regulations of the navy; that dofendant then ordered him to be released, and permitted to go at large among the crew, stating that he did- so to"give him an opportunity to converse with his comrades, and learn his obligations, and return to duty; tbat, on the evening of 'the same
day, the sergeant again reported plaintiff as refusing to do duty; he was again called before defendant, and required to go to duty, and again refhsed. and .was committed to.prison as before, and the next morning again brought before defendant, required to go to duty, refused to do so; and was punished according to the said usage and discipline, and rules and regulations; that he afterwards went to duty; the defendant then further gav-e evidence, by the said naval officers, and other civiliis attached to said expedition', and on board the said ship, that, on the several occasions of punishment aforesaid," the defendant did not exhibit any appearance of violence or passion, bit was calm, temperate., and cool, and'expressed his regret at the necessity he was under of punishing the said plaintiff.
And the defendant further gave evidence, tending to show that said plaintiff was not*confined in double irons, or separately, in the said prison, but was at large within the walls of said fort; and that said fort was a comfortable place of residence, and. more so than the prison of the ship -in the -situation in which the said ship was during the time of said improvement; and further,, that defendant had reasonable -cause to -fear the 9pread of the disaffection among the said marines; and the officers knew not whom to trust -at the 'ime and times of the imprisonment aforesaid of said plaintiff;. and that, shortly before the imprisonment of said plaintiff, -two marines on board the ship Pea~ock had been arrested, and- sent on board the ship Vincennes; that. previous to the arrest -of said plaintiff, he, with other men, -had agreed among themselves, before they reached Honolulu, to demand their discharge as soon as the terms of their enlistment had expired, and they were in a port where they could be, sent

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

103

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

home; that, on arriving at Honolulu, and after most of the seamen had reshipped, and no offer had been made to the marines to reship, they had a conversation, and required their sergeant to report to the captain that their terms were up; and they required to be discharged in that port where there were vessels to take them home; and that, while the said ship Vincennes and the Peacock were lying in the said port of Honolulu, two of the marines on board the Peacock were arrested
for insubordination and disobedience, and they, together with an orderly seaman, were sent on board the Vincennes, about the 7th of October, and confined in the said ship Vincennes until a court-martial was convened for their trial, which was held on board the Peacock, and by which they were sentenced to be punished, which sentence was carried into effect; and after that time the said ship Peacock' underwent a thorough overhauling, and very extensive repairs. While she was lying in the said harbour, and while she was undergoing such repairs, some of her men deserted from her; and it was long after the said court-martial, and after the execution of its sentence on the said two marines, and they were discharged from imprison-
ment, and returned to duty, that .the said plaintiff refused to go
to duty.

Plaintiff's Statement of Evidence.
After the evidence contained in the plaintiff's first exception, made part hereof, and the foregoing statement of defendant, the plaintiff further gave evidence, tending to show, that, at the time of committing the trespasses in the first count of the declaration alleged, and during all the time that said trespasses cotitinued, the defendant could 'have securely confined said plaintiff on board the said ship Vincennes, without any diffi-. culty and.with safety to the said ship Vincrbnnes, her officers and crew; and further, that the said United States ship Peacock, and the other vessels belonging to said squadron, and under the command of the said defendant, were at the time of the said imprisonment of said plaintiff in said fort at Oahiu, present in the harbour of Honolulu, at said.-island, and that said ship Peacock was lying within the distance of one hundred yards from the said ship Vincennes, at the time the said plaintiff was sent to be imprisoned in the said fort; and further, that said ship Peacock was at that time in a state of good discipline, and that said plaintiff could without any difficulty have been confined on said ship Peacock with perfect safety to said ship, her officers and crew, and that he defendant had no reasonable or probable cause to believe tliAt he could not have securely confined the said plaintiff on board either of the said ships,

SUPREME COURT.
Wilkes v. DInsman.
without any difficulty, and with perfect safety to said ships, their officers and crew, and without any danger of their causing mutiny, or insubordination.
And the said plaintiff further gave evidence tending to show that he was by order of the defendant imprisoned in the said fort, in a cell in said fort, in solitary confinement, for a period of 15 days (Baab 18 or 20 days); that said fort was a low, damp, filthy place, was the common prison for criminals and malefactors among said native inhabitants of Oahu, and the cell in which plaintiff was confined was dark and was not ventilated, and that the same was abounding in vermin; that said fort- was distant a half-mile from said ship Vincennes, during all the time of said imprisonment; that, during all the time the said plaintiff was so imprisoned in said fort, he was in double irons, by order of the defendant, and was under the control and discipline of the native governor of said fort, and the native sentinels therein; that, during said imprisonment, the only food allowed or supplied to said plaintiff was supplied by the native officers of said fort, and was only "taro" and fish, and nothing.else ; and that said fish was sometimes, when so supplied, in a rotten state, and said " taro" was an unpalatable and unwholesome food to those unaccustomed to feed on it.
That, during the said imprisonment, a change of clothing, nor any part thereof, was not supplied to said plaintiff, but the same was refused to be supplied; and that he became filthy in his person, and when he was brought away from said fort, and put on board said slip Vincennes, by order of defendant, that said plaintiff was filled with vermin. That, during the whole of said imprisonment in said fort, the said plaintiff-was abandoned by the defendant to the sole care, attention, and discipline of the native officers about said fort. That, during the whole time of said imprisonment of said plaintiff in said fort, the defendant securely kept and confined on said ship Vincennes, as prisoners, a chief of the Fejee Islands, and others of the crew of the said ship'; and that on the said ship Peacock more than four or five prisoners were at that time securely confined; and gave evidence by the first lieutenant of said ship Peacock, tending to 'prove that, at the time of said imprisonment of said plaintiff in said fort, fiftir-five marines could have been securely confined in said ship Peacock.
And the said plaintiff further gave evidence tending to prove that the trespasses by floggings and imprisonments inflicted on said plaintiff, by order of the defendant, on said ship Vincennes, as allegeil in the declaration in this cause, were immoderate, excessive, disproportionate to the offence alleged against him, and of greater severity than is allowed by the rules and

-- ANUARY TERM, 1849.

105

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

regulations for the' government of the navy of the United
States, or the laws and customs in such cases at sea; and that the-detention of the plaintiff on said ship or ships, by order of
the defendant, after the expiration of his term of enlistment into the said marine corps, was not essential to the public interest, and that defendant had no. reasonable or probable cause to believe that such deten4ion was essential to the public interest.
That, soon after the enlistment of said plaintiff had expired at the island of Oahu, and he had requested his discharge and leave to return to the United States, the defendant discharged about fifteen seamen, at their request to be discharged, and permitted them to go to the United States; that the marine guard of said ship Vincennes was larger in numbers and force of men, by three or four, than the usual and customary complement of marines on vessels of her class in the navy of the
United States; that the defendant, of his own authority, and against his instructions from the President of the United States, deviated from the course *of his cruise, as directed in said instructions, and of his own authority prolonged the cruise of said vessels belonging to said exploring expedition.

Defendant's 3d Bill of Exceptions.
Whereupon the defendant prayed the court to instruct the jury, that if, from the evidence aforesaid, the jury shall find that the said plaintiff signed the said contract naked A, and afterwards received the bounty stipulated therein, and signed a receipt therefor, and remained and continued on board a vessel of the United States under the command of an officer of the United States navy, employed in the expedition in the said
contract named, doing duty as a marine, and receiving wages therefor until the return of the said expedition to the United States in the month of June, 1842 (except when imprisoned as hereinafter stated); and that after the signing of said contract by said plaintiff, the defendant, then being an officer in the navy of the United States, by order of the President took the command of said expedition, and continued in command thereof during the whole cruise; that the said plaintiff sailed from the United States in the ship Vinceines, one of the ships of the United States navy detailed for the said service, and under the immediate command of the defendant; that the said ship, with
the said defendant as commander, and the -Iiid plaintiff as one of the marines on board, sailed to the Southern Pacific Ocean and the South Seas, and during her cruise received such injuries and became so much out of repair as to render it necessary to overhaul and repair her; and that she 'eached the port of Honolulu, in the island of Oabu. in the month of Septem-

*"106

SUPREME COURT.

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

ber, 1840, and was there, for- the purpose of the said repairs and the safety of. the. ship, brought into the inner harbour and close to the shore; and while there for the purpose of said repairs and refitting, her foremast was, taken out, her hold broken -up-,and other extensive work done on board ; and that, w.le said repairs were being made, the defendant and other
officers, and such men as were necessary for that purpose, were on shore; making such explorations, surveys,. and observations as were required by the instructions of the President.
And that whil6 said repairs were so as aforesaid being made, and the said defendant and other officers and men were so
employed on shore, the marine guard on board said ship suffered men placed under their guard to escape, and another to get- drunk while under guard; and afterwards the plaintiff, with other marines, severally and collectively refused to do duty on board said ship, and were therefore ordered by the defendant to be confined in a' fort on the island, in charge of -the natives of the island. And if they shall be of opinion further, from the facts and circumstances, and the whole evidence, that it would have been unsafe to confine the said plaintiff on board the said ship, and that the said fort was under the charge
of a governor.who spoke English, and wag used as the place of gonfnement for the seamen of the merchant service, of this and other countries, in the said island; that the sergeant of marines was the officer in command of said marines and the plaintiff on board the said ship, and was also the:r quartermaster; and that it was his duty to report io the ctfendant the situation. of the said mrines, from time to time, and to look after their comfort; and that the -said sergeant of marines visited the said fort while said plaintiff was confined there, and x.ade no report to the defendant; that the prisons of-the said fort had no doors to them,-and the said plaintiff was kept as
other prisoners were, and that-they were again brought on board the said ship so goon as they could with safety be brought there; theA such imprisonment was within the lawful authority and -duty of the said defendant, and he is not liable therefor in this action.
And if they shall further find that the said plaintiff was brought from the said fort on bord 'the said ship as soon'ds it was safe to bring him there, and, upon being brought on board,
the said defendant, still being in command of said ship, required him to go. to duty, and he refused to 'do so, and thereupon he had him confined in prison on board said ship, in irons, 'and the next day caused plaintiff to be brought before him, and remonstrated with him, and caused his immediate officer to explain to him his obligation, and the nature of 'the contract,

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

107

Wilkes v. Dinsman:

and then required *him to go to duty, and he refused, and thereupon he ordered him to be punished, and he was.punishedi according to th rules and regulations of the navy; which rule and regulations it has been agreed the jury may find; and after such punishment, directed him to go at large among the crew, that he might converse with them, and so learn his duty, and he did go at large; and on the evening of the same day again refused to go to duty, and was again imprisoned by the defendant; and was again the next day brought before the defendant', and refused to go to duty, and -was punished as aforesaid; then it.was lawful for the said defendant to punish the said plaintiff as often as, being called upon as aforesaid, he refused, to go to duty; and the said defendant is not liable in this action for the said imprisoniment and corporal punishment.
Which instruction the court refused to give; and, on refusing, assigned, as reasons 'therefor, and so instructed the jury, that the word "unsafe seems too vague, uncertain, aid equivocal to justify in law such an imprisonment in the fort on the island, in charge of the natives. I think the jury must be
satisfied, by the evidence, that there was an urgent necessity of using the fort, in order to justify such imprisonment, especially if the jury should be satisfied there was another armed vessel of the United States in the port, in which the plaintiff might have been safely kept."
On the second part of the instruction prayed, the court said.:"I think it is not a sufficient justification to find that the pun-
ishment was according to the rules and regulations of the nayy. In the petty offences which by those rules are punishable by flogging, there is a limit within which the officer has a discretion, which 'should be exercised soundly and reasonably; and, in order to justify the officer, the jury must be
satisfied that it was'so exercised. In the case of -such petit offences I think each punishment settles all previous offences of that kind. If, after such punishment, a new offence be committed, it will of course be liable to a new punishment. The shipping articles alone did not justify the corporal punishment. In no case, unless by express statute, can corporal punishment be lawful, unless it be-reasonable, according to the aggravation and circumstances of the case, and the reasonableness must be found by the jury, or the punishment cannot be justified."
To which refusal by the court to give the said instruction so prayed by the defendant, and also to the opinion and instructions so given by the court to the jury, the defendant, by his counsel, excepts, and prays the court to sign.and seal this bill of exceptions, and to cause the same to be enrolled according to the statute; which is done this 29th day of April, 1845.,
W. OR&NCn. [SAL.]

SUPREME COURT.
Wilkes v. Dinsman.

Defendant's 4th Bill of Exceptions.
And thereupon the defendant further. prayed the court to instruct the jury, that if, from the evidence aforesaid, the jury should not find that the said plaintiff made the said contract and received the said bounty, but that he was, previous to the said.alleged grievances, an enlisted marine on board the said United States ship. Vincennes, a public vessel of the United States employed on foreign service under the command of the defendant, and that the defendant was the commander of the expedition on which she was employed, and the time of service of the said plaintiff, enlisted as aforesaid, expired while he was on board said ship on foreign service, and his detention was deemed essential to the public interests by the said commander, then it was lawful for the said defendant, commander as aforesaid, to detain the said plaintiff on board the said ship; and the said plaintiff was thereby made subject to the laws and regulations for the government of the navy; which instruction the court refused to give, in the form in which it was prayed, being of opinion, and so instructed the jury, that the burden of proof was on the defendant to show that the detention of the said plaintiff was essential to the public interests, and that itwas not confided absolutely to the discretion of the commander; and thereupon the said defendant, by his counsel, excepts, and prays the couwt to sign and seal this bill of exceptions, which is done ; and the same is ordered to be enrolled, according to the statute, this 30th day of April, 1845.
W. CRANCH. [sEAL..]

Defendant's 5th Bill of Exceptions.

Whereupon the defendant preyed the court to instruct the

jury, that if,from the evidence afores.id, the jury shall find that

the sail plaintiff, on the

'day of

, enlisted

as a marine in the naval service of the United States, and was

never discharged therefrom by the President of the United

States; and, being so enlisted, he was, during his term aforesaid,

ordered on board the Vincennes, a United States man-of-war,

under the command of the defendant, on foreign service, and

while on board said vessel, on such foreign service, his term of

service expired; and if, from the said evidence, the jury shall

further find that the detention of the said plaintiff on board the

said ship was essential to the public interests, then it was

lawful for the defendant so to detain the said plaintiff as afore-

said, and, being so detained, he was thereby subject to the rules

and regulations of the-navy of the United States; and if the

iury shall further find that the said plaintiff, being so detained

JANUARY TERM,, 1849.

109

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

as aforesaid, refused to do duty on board the said ship, upon being required to do so by the defendant, then. it was lawful for the defendant to punish him with stripes, according to thb said rules and regulations, for every offence not exceeding twelve lashes; and every such refusal was a new offence, for which he was subject to punishment; and every such punishment was a full satisfaction for every such offence to the time of the infliction thereof. Which instruction the court refused to give; and thereupon the said defendant, by his counsel, excepts thereto, and prays the court to sign and seal this bill of exceptions, whjch is done, according to the statute, this 30th day of April, 1845.
W. CRANCH. [SEAL.]

Defendant's 6th Bill of Exceptions.

Whereupon the defendant further prayed the court to instruct the jury, that if, from the evidence aforesaid, the jury shall

find that the said plaintiff, on the

day of

-enlisted into the marine corps of the United States; and after-

wards, on the

day of April, 1838, while in the said service,

and during the said enlistment, was ordered on board the Vin-

cennes, a vessel in the navy of the United States, and, as such marine, proceeded in the said ship on foreign -service, under
the command of the defendant; and the time of service of the said plaintiff, enlistqd as aforesaid, expired while he was on board the said ship on foreign service, and his detention was deemed essential, by the commander of the expedition -in which.
he was engaged, to the public interests, then it was lawful for-
the said defendant, commander as aforesaid, to detain the said, plaintiff on board the said ship; and the said plaintiff was.
thereby made subject to the laws and regulations for the gov-erment of the navy, and bding so subject, if he refused to lo.

duty on board said vessel when required by said commander,. then it was lawful for the said commander, in his discretion,

to punish him under the rules and regulations of the navy, not exceeding twelve lashes for every such refusal, provided the

said punishment -was inflicted between each of said reftsals,, and he is not liable therefor in this action; which instruction
the court refused to give; and thereupon the defendant, by

his counsel, excepts, and prays the court to sign and seal this bill of exceptions, which is done accordingly, this 30th day of

April, 1845.

W. CRANCH. [sEA L.]

Defendant's 7&h Bill of Exceptibns.

Whereupon the plaintiff, by his attorney, prayed the. court

VOL. VII.

10

110

SUPREME COURT.

Wilkes v. JDinsman.

to instruct the jury, that if the jury believe, from. the evidence aforesaid, that the said defendant could have securely kept and confined the said plaintiff on board te said ship Vincennes, or on board the said ship Peacock, with safety to the said ships, their officers and crews, then the defendant had no right to imprison said plaintiff in said fort in the island of Oahu; and the jury may give such damages therefor as upon the whole evidence aforesaid they may think the said plaintiff erititled to, provided the jury shall find that the said ships Vincennes and. Peacock were together, at the time of said imprisontihent, minthe said harbour of Honolulu, and were under the command of the defendant, and that said imprisonment in said -fort was caused and continued by order of the defendant; which instruction
the court gave as prayed; to which instruction the defendant, by his attorney, excepts, and this his bill of exceptions is signed, sealed, and ordered to be enrolled, this 30th day of
April, 1845.
W. CA,,CH. [s-...]

Defendant's8th Bill of Exceptions.
Whereupon, the plaintiff further prayed the court to instruct the jury, that if, from the evidence -aforesaid, the jury believe that the floggings and imprisonments of the said plaintiff, on board the said ship Vincennes, alleged in the declaration in this cause, were immoderate, excessive, unreasonable in degree, and disproportioned to the alleged offences, and that such punishment was severer in.degree than the rules and regulations for the government of the navy of the United States, or the laws and customs in such cases at sea, authorize, then the plaintiff may recover such damages therefor as, upon the whole evidence, the jury may think he ought to have; provided the jury shall find that the said floggings and imprisonments were inflicted by order of the defendant; which instruction the court gave as prayed; to which instruction the defendant, by his counsel, excepts; and this his bill of exceptions is signed, sealed, and ordered to be enrolled, this 30th day
of April, 1845.
W. OiwNcu. [SEL

Defendant's 9th Bill of Exceptions.
Whereupon, the plaintiff further prayed the court to instruct the jury, that if the jury believe, from the evidance aforesaid, that th6 detention of the plaintiff, as alleged in the declaration in this cause, after the term of his said enlistment in the marine corps had fully expired, was not essential to the public interests, then such detention was unlawful, and the plaintiff.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

111

Wilkes v. Diusman.

is entitled to. recover such damages therefor as, in the opinion of the jury; from the whole evidence, he ought to have; provided the jury shall find that the said plaintiff was detained by oider of the defendant; which instruction the court gave as prayed; to which instruction the defendant, by his counsel, excepts; and this his bill of exceptions is signed, sealed, and ordered to be enrolled, this 30th day of April, 1845.
W. CRANCH. [sEAL.]

The case came up to this court upon these bills of exceptions, and was argued by Mr. Bradley and Mr. Toucey (Attorney-General), for the plaintiff in error, and Mr. May, for the
defendant in error.
The points raised by Mr. Bradley, the .,oening counsel, which were contested by Mr. May and sustained by the Attorney-General, were as follows: -
I. The court erred in ruling out the evi~dence in the first exception, because, 7-
1. The papers were official Teports by the defendant, anre litem nwtam,' tending,'(1.) to 'show that the. regnlistment was recognized by the government, and that the government approved the detention of the men during the cruise, as being essential to the public interest ; (2.) to rebut any presumption of malice.
II. The court erred in ruling out the evidence of the courtm artial, because,
1. It was a bar to any recovery by the plaintiff. 2. It tended to meet every presumption of malice, by showing that his conduct had undergone a judicial investigation for these matters before a competent court. 3. It tended to show a complete recognition and sanction by the government of all the acts complained of, and it then depends uppn the authority of the government. III. The.court erred-in refusing the prayer stated in the third exception; -and also in the instruction they gave. 1. If the word unsafe was too indefinite, the prayer might have been refused; but the qualification and instruction that there must be "an urgent necessity"s was equally indefinite, and is not in itself accurate. 2. The rules and regulations of the navy import a justification. IV. And there is error in each and every one of the other exceptions. 1. Because the question of detention is within the discretion of the commander, and imports a justification. If not

SUPREM E COURT.
Wilkes v. Dinsman.
conclusive, it is prima facie, and the burden of proof was on the plaintiff to impeach it, and aver and prove malice.
2. (1.) Because, if he was lawfully detained, the plaintiff was lawfully subject to the rules and regulations of the navy, and for refusing to go to duty he was liable to be punished not exceeding twelve strijes, by order of the commander, for every such offence, and the refusals given in evidence were independent and substantive offences. (2.) A refusal to go to duty is not such a disobedience of orders as necessarily implies a mutinous spirit or intent. There is a discretion in the officer to determine whether it is one of those petty offences which tend to corrupt the morals of the crew, and which may be punished by order of the commander, or of that higher grade which requires-severer punishment.
3. Because the court limited the question of "Isafety" to the ships, officers, and crews, without regard to the prisoner himself; and the word safety is, equally indefinite with the word unsafe.
4. (1.) Because they submitted to the jury the interpretation of the rules and regulations of the navy, and-to find also "the laws and customs at sea governing the national vessels of the United States." (2.) Because the contract of enlistment and the reenlistment given in evidence subjected the plaintiff to the rules and regulations of the navy, independent of any laws and customs at sea, except in cases not provided for by said rules and regulations; and this case was provided for by
them. 5. (1.) Because the ninth exception either excludes from
consideration the effect of the re6nlistment, which the court was bound to interpret; or if it is left open by the phrase, "if he did so detain them," it is too obscure, and the jury may well have been misled by it into the supposition that the court had taken that matter from them. (2.) It does not put the detention on the ground of constraint, and being against the will of .the plaintiff.
With respect to, the first exception, Mr. Bradley cited the acts of Congress referred to in the statement of this case, and -contended that Dinsman had voluntarily made a- contract .by which he agreed to 6bey all the laws for the regulation of the navy, and, at all events, the evidence ought to have gone to the, jury to rebut th presumption of malice.
2d exception. The judgment of the court-martial was sanctioned by the President, and consequently Wilkes's detention of Dinsman was approved.. Perhaps it was not a legal bar to the action, but was good evidence to show that Wilkes was acting under a sense of duty, and not actuated by malice. Bull. N. P. 19. 12 Mass. Rep. 579.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

113

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

3d exception. The terms of rednlistment were the same as the original except in two points, namely, that it provided for a term of service in the Exploring Expedition, and for an indefinite time. Could not Congress legislate for this? They passed an act to regulate the Exploring Expedition,- and the contract with Jones was in fact a contract with the United States. We say, therefore, that the chastisement which was inflicted was authorized by law. The opinion of the c9urt below would destroy all discipline in the navy. On the subject of imprisonment on shore in the merchant service, and to inflict corporal punishment, he cited Shee's Abbott on Shipping, chap. 4,.part 2, p. 177; Ware, 18, 19, 207, 230, 371, 503; 1 Story, 106; 4 Mason, 511, 512; 5 Mason, 193; 1
Sumner, 397, 398. Under the contract, therefore, without reference to the. stat-
ute, Wilkes had a right to inflict this punishment. But the navy regulations also justified it, The marine
corps is a part of the navy. Naval Laws, 100, 156, 164. The act of 1837 "necessarily gave the commanding officer a discretion to judge whether or not the interests of the service required the detention of Dinsman. If the jury were satisfied that he deemed it expedient to do so, it was enough. The
law protected him unless malice was shown, and it was for the other side to prove malice.
5th exception. Every refusal to do duty was a fresh offence. Rules and Regulations for the Navy, Art 3, 14,. 30. Act of
April 23, 1800. 7th and 8th exceptions. The power of the officer over the
man, and the interpretation of the navy regulations, were not matters of fact for the jury. They were questions of law. The court ought to have decided whether or not the contract
.of reenlistment was binding.

Mr. May, for defendant in error, recited all the facts in the case, and proceeded to examine what were the rights of
Wilkes in the case; and how acquired. The earlier laws were almost all repealed by the act of June 30, 1834. See Naval
Laws, 156. The enlistment took place on the 21st of November, 1836,
and was forfour years. Consequently it expired on the _Ist of
November, 1840. But it has been argued that a rednlistment was made, to extend over the entire cruise. There is no authority in any law for such a contract ; none which justifies an indefinite enlistment. If there is, let it be shown. The agreement with Jones was not a valid contract. Joiles had no authority to make it. Besides, the man was already enlisted
10*

SUPREME COURT.
Wilkes v. Dinsman.
for four yeas, and whilst thus in service was incapable of making another and different contract.
The act of March 2, 1833, provides that no bounty shall be allowed, and the Fourth Auditor was right in taking this view of it. Tfie contract was therefore in violation of law, and cannot be binding. Even supposing the contract with Jones to be good, it was only with him personally, and did not pass to his successor. Where a public contract is made under legal authority, -and in the line of. duty, by -an officer, it is binding. 1 Cranch, 363.. But Jones had no legal authority.
It is argued that this contract is like those which are madein the merchant service. The form of these is given in Abbott on Shipping (Story's ed.), page 550. The term of service is required to be fixed for the protection of seamen.
Suppose that the contract of reenlistment with Jones was valid, what were Wilkes's rights under it? They must be only what Congress gave by the act providing rules and regulations for -the navy. Do these authorize an imprisonment out of the ship ? Let the other side show any such.
But it has been said that the act of 1837 gave to Wilkes a right to detain this man. That act relates only to seamen and boys.- It does not include marines, either in the title or body of the law. Whenever.any act of Congress intend6 to include the marine -corps, it always says so. The late Attorney-General, Mr. Legar6, gave an opinion that marines were mot included in this act. The act was passed after the enlistment was made, and cannot be retroactive. The enlistment took place on the 14th of November, 1836, and the act was passed on the 2d of March, 1837. On the subject- of retrospective laws, Mr. May -cited 1 Gallison, 139'; 4 Serg. & Rawle, 408; 2 Peters, 657; 6 Cranch, 174; 16 Mass. Rep. 245.
Wilkes's rights over Dinsman were not unlimited or despotic. They were regulated either, .-- 1st. by statute; 2d. by usage.
(lr. Mlay then examined the statutes and navy regulations, and contended that the authority which he had exercised was not justified by them..)
2d. Usage. The authorities show ihat 'the power of a captain is not unlimited. 2 Carr. &. Payne, 148; Shee's Abbott on Ship. 177, .178; 1 Hagg. Adm. 272; 2 Starkie, 452; 1 Cowper, 161 ; 14 Johns. 119; Giipin, 232; 4 Mason, 511; 512; 1 Story, 106; 1 Ware, 18, 19, 37?, 503; Pet. Adm, 174; 175; Ware, 224, where the whole subject is traced; 1 W -odb. & Min. 267. · If*the master inflicts an unusual punishment,'hfe is responsible. It is very doubtful whether he can lawfully confine a

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

115

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

seaman in a foreign jail. The eighth article of the Constitution of the United States says, that cruel and unusual punish-
ments shall not be inflicted; and the question whether or not a punishment is one of this forbidden class is a question of fact
for a jury. 1st exception. Wilkes wished to read his own letter to the
Secretary of the Navy. This was not proper evidence, and could not even mitigate damages, because it afforded no proof of the state of his mind, two years after it was written, when.
these severe punishments were inflicted. The exception does not state the purpose for which it was offered. It is now said that it was to show that the government approved his conduct. But there was no evidence offered below, that the Secretary of the Navy approved of or even answered it.
2d exception. Dinsman was no party to the record of the court-martial by wliich Wilkes was acquitted. Buller's N. P., and 12 Mass. Rep. 597, have been referred fo; but, in both these cases, the plaintiff was a party to the proceeding. The opinions of officers of the court-martial are .no evidence of Wilkes's state of mind ;.and, besides, there were many other charges upon which he *as tried.
3d exception. The prayer here is based upon the contract with Jones. But this contract was void, and therefore the
court below was right. There is no authority anywhere given by law, by which an officer of the navy can confine a man on shore. The rules of the merchant service do not apply, because vessels of war have ample means of imprisonment within themselves. The prayer proposed to submit to the jury whether or not Dinsman was punished according to the rules and regulations of the navy. But this was a question of law. The rules, &c., were not offered in evidence, and therefore the jury could not decide.
4th exception. The act of Congress does not leave it to the mere arbtrizum of an officer whether to detain a seaman or not. The burden of proof is upon hith, to show that the detention was essential to the interests of the service. The act of Congress directs the officers to " report to the navy depart-
ment," and implies therefore that he is'responsible for his acts. 5th exception. It has been said that every refusal to do
duty is a fresh offence. If this argument be sound, a man might be whipped to death for, refusing to perform dfity after thb term of his enlistment had expired.
6th exception. This depends on the same principle. 7th and 8th exceptions. If the above principles are corect, the prayers in these exceptions are even less beneficial than we.had.a right to expect, and are not erroneous.

116

SUPREME COURT.

Wilkes v. Dinsman.
9th exception. We are not bound to prove malice . The law infers it from the acts done. 3 East, 599; 1 Greenleaf's Ev., see. 34; 2 Greenleaf, sec. 94; 1 Sumner, 399; 2 Starkie on Ev. 904, 905.

Mr. Toucey (Attorney- General), for the plaintiff in error.
The letter to the Secretary of the Navy and the proceedings of the court-martial, mentioned in the first and second bills of exception, were improperly ruled out. The letter was an official letter relating to public duty. The court-martial had acquitted Captain Wilkes.
The third bill of exceptions, as to the plaintiff's imprisonment -in the fort.
The court refused to let the defence, rest upon the point of the safety of the ship to which the'plaintiff belonged; but put the validity of the defence upon urgent necessity, as something more than the mere safety of the ship. The clause, "especially if the jury should be satisfied there was another armed vessel of the United States in the port, in which the plaintiff might have been safely kept," does not qualify the charge; because, if the jury did not find this, the charge still remained. -Here the court says the safety of th ship is not a sufficient justification for removing a mutineer to the fort, but there must be an urgent necessity, and that would justify it. The jury must necessarily have been misled by this instruction, and great injustice done to an officer who looked to the safety of his ship as the first and principal point of duty.
The court refused to charge the jury, that, if the plaintiff re-. fused to go to duty, and was punished for it according to the rules and regulations of the navy, it was a sufficient defence; but charged affirmatively, that this was not a sufficient justification. The court charged very correctly, that, "in the petty offences which, by those rules, are punishable by fBogging, there is a limit within which the offiter has a discretion " ; and then charged the other way, that the jury must judge whether he exercised that discretion soundly and reasonably. In other words, that he has no discretionwhich he can exercise, but the jury must exercise it for him, upon the testimony of witnesses, after the occasion has passed away.
The court further instructed the jury, that the shipping articles alone did not jutif~v the corporal punishment, and that the reasonableness of it ffixust be found by the jury. The shilping. article in this case is the contract of enlistment. The plaintiff expressly agreed tobe subjected to the rules and discipline
of the navy. If punished in a given case precisely according to those rules, the art is justified by the agreement, and the

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

117

Wilkes v..Dinsman.

charge that its reasonableness must be found by the jury is misapplied and erroneous. The-question of "reasonableness" arises in those cases only where the law authorizes the application of reasonable force. But where the law, and the consent of the party, authorize the application of fortse according to certain definite rules, the only question is, whether it has been applied according to those rules.
The fourth and ninth bills of exceptions may be considered together.
By the fourth, the court refused the instruction, that, if the plaintiff's detention was deemed essential to -the public interests by the commander; the defendant, as such commander, had a right to detain him, and that the plaintiff was thereby made
subject to the rules and regulations for the government of the navy. The court further instructed the jury affirmatively, that -the burden of proof was on the defendant, to show that the detention of the plaintiff was essential to the public interests, and that it was not confided absolutely to the discretion of the commander.
By the ninth, the court, at the plaintiff's request, charged- that, if the jury believed the detention not essential to the public in-
terests, the plaintiff might recover. The act of the 2d of March, 1837 (5 Stat. at Large, 153),
provides, "that when the time of service of any person enlisted for the navy shall expire when he is on board any of the publio ,Vessels of the United States employed on foreign service, it shall be the duty of the commanding officer, &c., to send him to the United States in some public or other vessel, unless his detention be essential to the public interests, in which case the said officer may detain him until the vessel in which he shall be serving shall return to the United States; and it shall be the duty of said officer immediately to make report to the Navy .Department of such detent' n, and the causes thereof." It further provides, that the per on so detaied "shall 'be subject in all'respects to the laws and regul "ons for the government
of the navy, until their return to the United States, and all such persons as shall be so detained, and all such as shall voluntarily regnlist to serve until the return of the vessel in which they shall be serving and their regutlar discharge therefrom in the United States, shall, while so detained, and while so serving under their renlistment, receive an addition of 6ne fourth to
their pay." Are the marines comprehended in these terms? The words are, "when the time uf service of any person enlisted for the navy shall expire." Marines are enlisted for the navy. The court assumed they were within the law. They are pregminently within its reason, and are precisely within its

118

SUPREME COURT.

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

letter. The contract with them was only commensurate with the power conferred by that act. It was to take effect after the existing term expired; it was not material when it was made it might be necessary to make it before the cruise; it is enough
that it secured consent to what the law authorized. The charge of the court absolutely excluded the agreement
to serve during the cruise; it submitted to the jury the question which the commander was authorized by the act of Congress to decide, and by his duty as an officer required to decide. The question is one of discretion, a question of govern-
ment, a mere political question. It must be decided before the person or crbw could be detained. The necessity is a present one, in foreign parts. The duty is devolved on the commander
to act one way or the other, to send the men home, or detain them according to that decision. It is expressly made his duty to report the-causes of the detention, that is, the grounds of the decision, which would be -impossible unless he made it. The power to be exercised of detaining the men is expressly'con-
ferred on him. It is the declared consequence of its exercise, -that they shall be subject to the rules "and 'regulations for the government of the navy. Others are to act ul on that decision
thus made, and are not required to revise it, or permitted to question it. It is the duty of all the subordinate officers, and of the crews of the different ships, to obey the orders of the commanding officer founded on that decision, and such order is not only a sufficient .warrant for their obedience, but they -are liable to the penalty of death if'they disobey it, It is the duty of the Treasury Delartment and Pension Office to act upon it. The power itself, in.its essential character, is a practical powerof government. It is part and parcel of the executive power,
as applicable to the navy, and belonging to its officers. Without its certain exercise, there cbuld be no authority or discipline. It is impossible that the grounds of the order should be. submitted to a jury before it be known whether it is to be obeyed. Nor can they be submitted to- a jury upon evidence. It would not be practicable to prove them. No one knows what those grounds are, except the officer who makes the order. They lie often within his own knowledge ekclusively,
and he cannot be a witness. They are often the result of his sagacity and foresight, as well' as observation, and are incapable of proof. It is the greatest absurdity to suppose that .an act of Congress has left it doubtful, and to be ascertained afterwards by the verdict of a jury, whether a fleet in actual service
is a voluntary association, or a legally organized body under the government of law; whether. the crews of a squadron, aie in the naval service or not; whether the commander or -any of

JA&NUARY TERM, 1849.

119,

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

his subordinate officers have any lawful command; or that these questions are to be decided, perhaps years afterwards, in each particular case, according to the uncertain and varying opinions of a jury. And the cruelty of it would be as great as its absurdity. It would be a 'refinement of cruelty to require
an officer to act upon a combination of circumstances incapable of proof, and upon his own knoviledge, judgment, and sagacity, and then punish him for want of proof, or perhaps for being wiser than twelve men igriorant upon the subject. The government has a -general power independent of the act. The true view is, that the point was decided by the government. The action of Qommodore Jones here at home in the presence of the government; the payment of the bounty; the action of the Treasury Department fi paying the men as in the service; the absence of any disapproval; the approval, of the acquittal on the charge for detaining and coercing them. Whether the matter was decided by the President personally through the Navy Department, or through the commander of the expedition, the same result follows, -the decision is conclusive upon the judicial department. As to the rule relative to the discretion of a public officer, when it is made his duty to decide and to act, and of others to act according to that discretion. The question is an important one. It involveg a great principle, essential to tle powers of government. The discretion' within the limits assigned to it, though in an executive officer, partakes of the character of judicial discretion. The authorities
are conclusive.- Drew v. Colton, 1 East, 565, in note; Seamen v. Patten, 2 Caines, 312; Vanderheyden v. Young, 11 Johns. 150; Martin v. Mott, 12 Wheat. 19; Decatur v. Paulding, 14 Pet. 497; Kendall v. Stokes, 3 How. 97, 98; Brashear v. Mason,
6 How. 101, 102. The court also held, that when, in the discharge of his duty
to the best of his judgment, the commander had decided to detain the men, it was to be presumed that he had acted wrong, and the burden of proof lay upon him to show that he had acted right. In Martin v. Mott, this court lay down the contrary rule.
The fifth bill of exceptions. The court refused the instruction, that, if the jury should find the detention of the plaintiff essential to the public interests, it was lawful for the defendant to detain him, and, for a refusal to
do duty, to punish him according to the rules and regulations of the navy, wqith stripes not exceeding twelve, &c. In such case clearly he was liable jo be detained; he was subject to the rules and discipline of the navy; he was liable to be punished for mutiny or insubordination under those rules. The

120

SUPREME COURT.

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

act of 30th June, 1834 (4 Stat. at Large, 712), provides, "that the said corps shall, at all times, be subject to and..inder .the
laws and regulations which are or may hereafter be established
for the better government of the navy, except when detached with the army by order of the President."
The instruction refused in the sixth bill of exceptions is siviilar to the last, except that it was lawful for the commander in
his discretion to punish, under the rules and regulations of the navy.
The seventh bill of exceptions. The court, at the plaintiff's request, instructed the jury, that, if the defefidant could have securely kept and confined the plaintiff in the Vincennes or the Peacock, with safety to the
ships, their officers and crews, the. defendant had no right to' imprison the plaintiff in the fort. The breadth of the proposition ia, that, had it required the exclusive attention of every officer, seaman, and marine to have kept and confined the plaintiff oti board safely, the defendant could not justify sending the mutineer to the fort during the stay at the island.
The jury 'ould not do otherwise than convict, under this instruction; because it was doubtless possible for the commander, officers, and men safely to confine one man on board eitherof the ships, and save them, their officers and crews, from destruction.
The eighth bill of exceptions. At the plaintiff's request, the court charged, that; if, the punishment was immoderate, excessive, unreasonable, disproportioned, severer than the rules of the navy or the laws and customs in such cases at sea authorize, the plaintiff might recover.
This excluded the commander from the protection of the rules and regulations for the navy. If, in tW~e opinion of the jury, the punishment was immoderate, &c,, and, though not more severe thanthe rules and regulations of the navy authorized, yet more severe than the laws and customs in such cases at sea authorized, they were.directed to convict the defendant.
By the instructions given and withheld,, the defendant was deprived, -_
1st. Of the benefit of showing the sanction of his government in every form known to the laws.
2d. Of the fundamental rule of the safety of the ship, as a guide to -the officer exercising discretionary power conferred for
that end. 3d. Of the benefit of the renewed contract of enlistment, by
which the men agreed to b6 detained during the cruise. 4th. Of the benefit of the act of 1837, giving him power to
detain the men abroad, after the expiration of their terms, when the public'interestsrequire it.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

121

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

5th. Of the protection of the rules and rergilations for the

government of the navy, when acting within them.

6th. Of the discretionary use of the consular prisons,-when

necessary in the suppression of mutiny. . 7th. Of the usual presumption in favor of the exerdise of

official discretion.

8th. And finally, of legal protection in the upright exercise

of discretionary power conferred on him as a public officer for

public ends, where the law imposed on him the duty to exer-

cise it.

1. The commander of the Exploring Expedition. was a public

officer, intrusted with power which it was his .duty to exercise,

and it was his right to show on the trial that he acted by di-

rection of his government, or with its sanction.

2. The safety of the ship or squadron was a fundamental

rule to guide him in the exercise 6f the discretion which the

law had given him. it is the law of the highest necessity.

3. After the passage of the act of March 2d, 1837, it was

competent for him to make with the men the. agreement of

October, 1837, that they would serve during -the term of the

cruise, and until the vessel should return to a port of safity in

the United States.

4. Independently of this contract, he had legal power under

the act to require the men thus to serve. Thus intrusted with

certain power for a public object, it was his duty to exercise

that power according to his view of the exigency, that is, rc-

cording to h.is view of present circumstances, and he is protect-

ed by the law which imposed that duty, if he discharged it up-

rightly. 5. Whether the cas&be one of renewed. contract, or of de-

tention under the act; the marines, during the period of such

service, were subject to .the rules and regulations established

for the government of the navy, and liable to be punished for

mutiny or insubordination according to such rules and regula-

tions, and the officer conforming to them is justified by them.

6. Within those rules and regulations 'he has the power of

confining an offender, aiad as they do not limit him to any par-

ticular place of confinement, and it is admitted he may use the

consular prison, it is necessarily intrusted to him to determine

whether the ship's prison or the consular prison shall be used for

that purpose; and if he decide that question in good faith, with

pure motives, he is not answerable for any error in judgment.

7. If his decision may be reviewed and reversed by a jury

upon the mere question of expediency, there is neither law,

reason, nor propriety which forbids the commander to remove a mutineer from the squadron to the consular prison, though it

VOL. vIE.

11

122

SUPREME COURT.

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

may be possible to confine him in some one of the ships with safety. Even in the case of a private vessel it may be done, if it be safer or better to do so, or a great offence has been committed. Wilson v. The Mary, Gilpin, 32; Magee v. The Moss, ib. 233; United States v. Wickham, 1 Wash. C. C. 316; Thorne v. White, 1 Pet. Adm. 168; Abbott on Shipping,
Story's'ed., 137. 8. It is to be taken, prima fade, that a public officer has
done his duty. It is not to be presumed. that he has been guilty of an act of infidelity to the public trust committed to him. As declared by this court in Martin v. Mott, every public officer is presumed to act in obedience to his duty, until the contrary be shown. The onusprobandidoes not lie on him.

Mr. Justice WOODBURY delivered the opinion of the court.
The original action -in this case was trespass by a marine in the Exploring Expedition against its commanding officer.
It will be seen, by the statement of the case, that the injury complained of was a punishment inflicted on the plaintiff by the defendant, in November, 1840, near the Sandwich Islands, for disobedience of orders, or a refusal to perform duty when directed.
The plaintiff claimed, that the term-for which he was bound to serve as a marine had then expired; that the defendant'had no right or justification to detain him longer on board; and that, his refusal to do duty longer being the only reason, and an insufficient one, for punishing him at all, under such circum-
stances he was entitle4 to recover damages of the defendant for subjecting him to receive twelve lashes, and for a repetition of the punishment on a subsequent day, after another request and
refusal by him to obey. And also, id the mean time, for putting him in irons, and confining him in a native prison on the island of Oahu.
The defendant pleaded the general issue; and by agreement of parties, any special matter was allowed to be given in evidence under that issue.
Various questions of law arose during the trial, which are presented on the record in nine separate bills of exceptions by the defendant, and one by the plaintiff. Some of them are of an ordinary character ; but others possess much interest, and are important in their consequences, not only to these parties, but to the government and the community at large.
.In a public enterprise like the Exploring Expedition, specially authorized"by Congress in 1836, (see Act of Congress of 14th May, 1836, 5 Statutes at Large, 29, sec. 2,) for purposes of com-
merce and science, very valuable to the country; and not en-

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

123

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

tirely without interest to most of the civilized world, it was a&sential to secure it from being defeated by any discharge of the crews before its great objects were accomplished, or by any want of proper authority, discretionary or otherwise, in the commander, to insure, if possible, a successfol issde to the enterprise.
It is not to be lost sight of, however, and will be. explained more fully hereafter, that, while the chief agent of the govemment, in so important a trust, when conducting with skill, fidelity, and energy, is to be protected under mere errors of
judgment in the discharge of his duties, yet'he is not to be shielded froni responsibility if he acts out of his authority or jurisdiction, or inflicts private injury either from malice, cruelty, or any species of oppression, founded. on considerations independent of public ends.
The humblest seaman or marine is to be sheltered under the aegis of the law from any real wrong, as well as the highest inoffice. Considerations connected with these views are -involved in most of the points ruled by the court below. .
But the first and second exceptions taken by the defendant.
raise incidental questions, which it may be better 'to dispose of separately, before procee dinig to the principal points involved.
One of these questions is the propriety of rejecting a letter written by the defendant, in relation to the bounty given -to the seamen and marines on their re~nlisting or contracting to serve
till the expedition should terminate. As this letter related to .that material transaction, and was a
part of the res gestce, it seems competent. Ridley v. Gyde, 9 Bingham, 349, 354; Hadley' v. Carter,. 8 N..Hamp. 40 ; Aiken v. Bemis, 2 Woodb. & Minot.
It was also official correspondence of the commander in respect to official matters, and seems to hav.e been justifiable as
evidence on that account. 1 Greenleaf on Ev., sec. 491. The other question relates to the propriety of excluding the
proceedings of a court-martial, which, after the return of Captain Wilkes, was convened, and acquitted him of this among other charges.
We think that such proceedings were not conclusive on the plaintiff here, though a bar to subsequent indictments in courts
of common law for the same offence, the parties then being the same likewise, and the tribunal acquitting competent to examine "and acquit. Aspden et al. 'v.Nixon et al., 4 How.
467; Burnham v. Webster, 1 Woodb. & Minot, 172. And though sometimes, yet questionably, they have been deen'd a bar to civil suits 'for damages, where the plaintiff was the prosecutor before the court-martial 'for that injury. Baller,
N. P. 19 ; Hannaford v. Hunn, 2 Carr. & Payne, 146, semble.

124.

-SUPREME COURT.

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

But here the parties were not the same, nor the plaintiff a complainant before the court-martial, and the courts of common law have jurisdiction over the wrong, though committed at sea. Warden v. Bailey, 4 Taunt. 70 -75; 1 MacArthur on CourtsMartial, 268; Wilson v. McKenzie, 7' Hill, 95; O'Brien on Military Law, 223, semble; Luscomb v. Pfnce, 12 Mass. 579.
The remaining exceptions relate first to the leading question; whether the duty of service by the plaintiff had expired when. the punishment for the disobedience of orders was in-
flicted. It is conceded th'lr the term of his original enlistment for
four years had then terminated. But after that term commenced, in 1836, Congress passed a new law, March 2d, 1837, which is supposed to reach a case of this kind, and to have justified a contract of re6nlistment made by the plaintiff, -,'hich extended, beyond the original term, and till after the punishment
complained-of. 5 Stat. at Large, 153., This new law, to be sure, §peaks in its title of the "enlist-
ment of seamen" ; but in -thebody of it provision is made as to the "service of any person enlisted for the navy."
It is enacted there, that it shall 'be lawful to enlist persons to serve fQr five years, and a premium is given to such as ," shall voluntarily reenlist to serve until the return of the vessels." (See 3d section of act of March 2d, 1837.)
In the present instance, the Exploring Expedition having been detained in this country by obstacles in the. preparations, and a change in the commander, till it, became probable the original terms of service of the siamen and marines would expire before the cruise ended, the Secretary of the Navy, in September, 1837, after the above act passed, and before the squad-) Yon sailed, authorized a "bounty to the petty officers, seamen, and marines," who would rerilist and engage to serve during the term of the cruise. Thereupon many did so regnlist and engage to serve, and among them the plaintiff, and the bounty was paid to them all on so doing, in October, 1837.
The papers admitted to show this, though excepted to by the plaintiff, we think entirely competent.
After this it would be very. difficult to hold that the plaintiff had not lcgally become liable to serve during the cruise, instead of merely his original term of four -years. Because, though marines are not, in some senses, "seamen," and their dutiesare in some respects different, yet they are, while employed on board public vessels, persons in the naval service, ,persons subject to the orders of naval officers, persons under the government of the naval code as to punishment, and persons .amenable to the Navy.D partrdUi. Their very name

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

:125

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

of "marines" indicates the place and nature of their duties generally. And, beside the analogies of their duties in other countries, their first creation here to serve on board 'ships ex-
pressly declared them to be a part "of the crews of each of said ships." Act of 27th March, 1794, 1 Stat. at Large, 350, sec. 4. Their pay was also to be fixed in'the same way as that of the seamen. Sec. 6, p. 351.
So it was again by the act of April 27th, 1798. 1 Stat. at Large, 552. And they have ever since been associated with the -navy,except when specially detailed by the President for
service in the army. See Act of Congress, 11th July, 1798, 1 Stat. at Large, 595, 596.
Thus paid, thus serving, and thus governed like and with the navy, it is certainly no forced construction to consider them as embraced in the spirit of the act of 1837 by the de-
scription of persons "enlisted for the navy." The reason of the law on such occasions for regnlistment
applies with as much force to them as to ordinary'seamen, because, when serving on board public vessels where their first
term seems likely to expire before the cruise ends, their services may, under the public necessities, be equally needed with those of the seamen till the cruise ends; and hence, all of them
may rightfully redulist for the cruise, at any time, in anticipation of this.
Such was the construction put on this- section at the time by the Navy Department and navy officers on board, by making proposals and paying a bounty to both marines and seamen who would rednlist. - But what is calculated to remove any doubts as to the justice of this 'View -is, that such was the -construction adopted by the plaintiff himself, and fully acquiesced in by his conduct in voluntarily agreeing beforehand to regnlist for the cruise, and receiving the bounty for it, and sailing under that engagement.
He thus waived any doubt, and, proceeding to sea under such new engagements supposed to be authorized by the act of Congress, he would seem to be morally as well as legally estopped to deny their validity, and the liabilities to duty,and to punishment consequent upon them. Volenti nonfit injuria.
If, however, the legal right of the commandsr was imperfect to require and enforce longer performance'of duty under the
engagements, there is another provision of the act of March,
1837, by which it seems quite clear that, without such voluntary regnlistment and engagement, the commander had power to detainthe plaintiff after his original term expirea, if, in his opinion, the public interest" reqtured it. In the second section of the law (5 Stat. at La; '153) it is en-
11"13

126

SUPREME COURT.

Wilkes t. Dinsman.

acted, that, "when the .tithe of service of any person enlisted for the navy shall expire while he is on board~any of the public vessels of the Unitedi States employed on foreign service, it shall be the duty of the commanding officer to send'him to the United States in some public or other vessel, unless his detention' shall be essential to the public interests,'in which case the saic, officer may detain. him until 'the Vessel in
which he may be serving shall return to the-United States." &c., &c.
Now, considering the marines as embraed in the spirit, if ndt.the exact letter, of this provision, for reasons heretofore assigned, connected with its language and object, and their position in conjunction with the navy, it would follow that the commander, supposing the detention of the plaintiff on board "-essential to the puiblic interests," could rightfully direct him to remain ; and in the event he did so, as is averred here, the third section of the act of 1837 provides that the plaintiff should be "subject in all respects to. the laws and regulations for the government of the navy, until "'his return to the United. States. 5 Stat. at Large, 153.
There is still another statute, which, in our view of it, adds more strength: to these conclusions. It is an act as early as June 30th, 1834, (4 Stat. at Large, 713,) and by the second section it provides as to the marine corps, "that the said corps shall at all times be subject to and under the laws and regulations which are or may hereafter be established for the better government of the navy," &c. That corps thus, in some respects, became. still more closely identified with the navy. The term "the better government of the navy" need not
be restricted to mere punishment, or to courts-martial, but may include any provision by law intended'to secure the safety of the. crew and vessel, and insure due subordination and sound discipline in any exigency of the public service. The continuance of all serving on board till the cruise ended was. afterwards wisely provided for, when required "by the public interests." The plaintiff was, therefore, bound to submit to it. He must be pre'sumed to have known this provision before his new contract of enlistment, and before he sailed, and indeed to have known before his first enlistment-that he was to be subject to any new. laws which might be enacted for the better government of- the navy, and hence that the defendant, after the act of 183Z passed, could continue, under the public exigencies,-to require the performance of duty by him'" till the cruise ended, and 'to pu-nish him when disobedient,-- if -not overstepping the limits prescribed 'by the haval code, and the usages consisteft therewith which prevail in maritime service.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

127

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

Nor was it competent for him to object to this detention, as if retrospective in its operation, being authorized by an act passed after his first enlistment, because before that enlistment,
Congress, June 30th, 1834, had enacted, as before cited, that the marine corps should be subject to and under the lawsand regulations which are or may be hereafter established for
the better government of the navy.
Having thus ascertained that the defendant had further jurisdiction over the plaintiff, and it being admitted that the latter refused to perform his orders, and, in the language' of the fourteenth article, that he disobeyed the lawful orders of his superior officer (2 Stat. at Large, 47), and this on an important subject, and under circumstances likely to extend to many more of the crew, and to end in mutiny or an abandonment of the expedition, if not suppressed with promptitude and decisive energy, the next inquiry is whether the punishment was inflicted within the license of the law.
It is not the province of the judiciary to decide on the expediency or humanity of the law; but merely its existence and
the conformity or non-conformity to it by the defendant. Where a private iff the navy, therefore, is guilty of any
"scandalous conduct," the commander is, by the third article of the laws for the government of tile navy, authorized to inflict on him twelve lashes, without the formality of a court-
martial. 2 Stat. at Large, 47. If disobedience was not such conduct, but, under the four-
teenth article, exposed the offender to severe punishment by a court-martial, the plaintiff could hardly complain that it was mitigated to only the twelve lashes which the captain was authorized to inflict without calling such a court, by article thirtieth, as wel- as article third, (Ibid., 49,) and. no more stripes were given here for any one act of disobedience than the third and thirtieth articles warrant.
Nor were they accompanied by any circumstance of unusual severity or of cruelty, either in the manner or the instrument employed. After an interval of two or three days, according to the counts in the writ, as well as the proposed proof, and after explanations and exhortations to duty, and time given for reflection, followed by renewed disobedience, ihe samu number of stripes was repeated, because deemed necessary in
order to enforce duty. After another interval for like purposes, on a subsequent day,
upon a new refusal, the punishment was again inflicted, and the plaintiff thereupon returned to duty.
If precedents were needed to justify this course, it has been
settled in a penal prosecution that a like act, when prohibited,

128

SUPREME COURT.

Wilkes p. Dinsnran.

if distinctly repeated, even on the same day, constitutes a
second offence, and incurs an additional penalty. Brooks qui tam v. Milliken, 3 D. & E. 509.
Again, if this disobedience could'not be considered a technical offence under either of the articles already referred to, it surely is an offence in nautical service, and one of much ma... nitude at times, and the thirty-second article provides that all crimes committed by persons belonging to the navy, which are not specified in the foregoing articles, shall be punished according to the laws and customs in such cases at sea. -2
Stat. at Large, 49. In the discipline of the merchant service, where an act of
disobedience is persisted in, and endangers the due subordina-
tion of others, the captain is justified, not only in punishing personally, but in resorting to any reasonable measures neces-
sary to produce submission and safety. See Cobley v. Fuller,
2 Woodb. & Min., and cases there cited, and 9 Law Reporter,
386. Under this portion of the inquiry arises also the question as
to the ruling about putting the plaintiff in irons, and about the confine~ment of him on shore in a prison of the natives.
This appears to have been done under the same aspect of the case, looking to the preservation of sound discipline, and the safe imprisonment of the plaintiff till he consented to return to
his duties.
It appears that several other marines in the squadron were taking like insubordinate ground with the plaintiff, and that .the escape of two prisoners confined on board had already been allowed; that many more appeared anxious to quit the vessels,
doubtless under the seductive attractions of the islands near ; that several of the officers and med were engaged at a distance in making scientific observations; and that, under such circumstances, a confinement of the plaintiff on shore for a few days might be a prudent precaution to prevent a defeat of the chief
objects of the expedition. This, therefore, without proof of malice, is not actionable, nor
does it amount to putting a seamatl. on shore in a foreign country to'desert him there, contrary to the act of Congress, as that must be done maliciously, and then is properly punishable by statute, no less than on principles of admiralty law. (4 Statutes at Large, 117, see. 10; Abbott on Shipping. 177; Jay v. Allen, 1 Woodb. & Min. 268; United States v. Netcher, 1
Story, 307.) "But if it was only to imprison him there for a few days, and, under all the circumstances, was considered by the defendant to be with more propriety and safety than in the squadron, it was justifiable, unless accompanied by malice.

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

129

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

(The William Harris, Ware, 367, and The Nimrod, ib. 9 ; Wilson v. The Mary, Gilpin, 31; 3 Kent, Com. 182.)
As to the cleanliness of the prison, the healthfulness of the food, and the general treatment while there, the evidence is contradictory, and is not now a matter for our decision.
The only remaining consideration, in order to dispose of all which is left in any of the exceptions, is the competency of the commander to decide on these various questions without being amenable to the plaintiff in an action at law for any mere error of judgment in the exercise of his discretion,. which may have-been involuntarily committed under the exigencies of the moment. . In order to settle this point correctly, it being in itself a very important one, as well as running through several of the exceptions, it will be,necessary to advert to the circumstances, that
Captain Wilkes was not acting here in a private capacity and for private purposes; but, on the contrary, the kesponsible duties he was performing were imposed on him by the government as a public officer. In the next place, those duties were not voluntarily sought or assumed, but met and discharged in the routine of his honorable and gallant profession, and under high responsibilities for any omission or neglect on
his part, instead of being a volunteer, as in most of the cases of collectors and sheriffs made liable. (2 Strange, 820; 6 D. & E. 443.) Now, in respect to those compulsory duties, whether in regnlisting or detaining on board, or punishing or imprisoning on shore, while arduously endeavouring to perform them in such a manner as *might advance the science and
commerce and glory of his country, rather than his own personal designs, a"public officer, invested with certain discretionary powers, never has been, and never should .be, made answerable for any injury, when acting within'the scope of his authority, and not influenced by malice, corruption, or cruelty. (See the cases hereafter cited.)
Nor can a mandamus issue to such an officer, if he is intrusted with discretion over 'the subject-matter.. (Paulding v.
Decatur, 14 Peters, 497; Brashear v. Mason, 6 How. 102.) His position, in such case, in many respects, becomes quasi
judicial, and is not ministerial, as in: several other cases of'liabiity by mere ministerial officers. 11 Johns. 108; Kendall v. United States, 12 Peters, 516 ; Decatur v. Paulding, 14 Peters,
516., And it is well settled that "all judicial officers, when acting on subjects within their jurisdiction, are exempted from civil prosecution for their acts." (Evans v. Foster, 2 N. Hamp, -37t; 14 Peters, 600, App.)
Especially is it proper, not only that a public officer, situated

130

SUI REME COURT.

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

like the defendant, be invested with a wide discretion, but be upheld in it, when honestly exercising, and not transcending, it as to discipline in such remote places, on such a long and dangerous cruise, among such savage islands and oceans, and with the safety of so many lives and the respectability and
honor of his country's flag in charge.
In such a critical position, his reasons for action, one way or another, are often the fruits of his own observation, and not susceptible of technical proof on his part. No review of his decisions, if within his jurisdiction, is conferred by law on either courts, or juries, or subordinates, and, as this court held
in another case, it sometimes happens that "a prompt and unhesitating obedience to orders is indispensable to the complete attainment of the object." "While subordinate officers or
soldiers are pausing to consider whether they ought to obey, or are scrupulously weighing the evidence of the fact upon which -the commander-in-chief exercises the right to demand .their services, the hostile enterprise may be accomplished without
the means of resistance." 12 Wheaton, 30.
Hence, -while an officer acts within the limits of that discretion, thWe same law which gives it to him will protect him in the exercise of it. But for acts beyond his ju4risdiction, or attended by circumstances of excessive severity, arising from ill-will, a depraved 'disposition, or vindictive feeling, he can claim no exemption, and should be allowed none under color of his office, however elevated or however -humble the victim. (2 Carr. &
Payne, 158, note; 4 Taunton, 67.) When not offending under such circumstances, his justifica-
tion does not rest on the general ground of vindicating a trespass in private life, and between those not acting officially and not with a discretion. Because then, acts of violence being first proved, the person using them must go forward next, and show the moderation or justification of the blows used. (2
Greenleaf on Ev., sec. 99.)
The chief mistake below-was in looking only to such cases as a guide. For the justificaion r sts here on a rule of law entirely different, though well settled, and is, that the acts of a public officer on public matters, within his jurisdiction, and where he has a discretion, are to be presumed legal, till shown by others to be unjustifiable. (Gidley v. Palmerston, 7 Moore, 111 ; Vanderheyden v. Young, 11 Johns. 150 ; 6 Har. & Johns. 329; Martin v. Mott, 12 Wheaton, 31.)
This, too, is not, on the principle merely that innocence and doing right are to be presumed, till the contrary is shown. (1 Greenil., sec. 35-37.) But that the officer, being-intrusted with a discretion for public purposes, is not to be punished

JANUARY TERM, 1849.

131

Wilkes v. Dinsman.

for the exercise of it, unless it is first proved against him, either that he exercised the power confided in cases without his juris-
diction, or in a. manner not confided to him, as with malice, cruelty, or wilful oppression, or, in the words of Lord Mansfield, in Wall v. McNamara, that he exercised it as "if the heart is wrong." (2 Carr. & Payne, 158, note.) In short, it is not enough to show he committed an error in judgment-, but it must have been a malicious and wilful error. Harman v. Tappenden et *al., 1 East, 562, 565, note.
It may not be without some benefit, in a case of so much interest as this, to refer a moment further to one or two particular precedents in England and this country, and even in this court, in illustration of the soundness of these positions.
Thus in Drewe v. Coulton, 1 East, 562, note, which was an
action against the defendant, who was a public returning offiier, for refusing a vote, Wilson, J. says: -- " This is, in the nature of it, an action for misbehaviour by a public officer in his duty. Now, I think that it cannot be called misbehaviour unless maliciously and wilfully done, and that the action will not lie for a mistake in law." "By wilful I uaderstand contrary to a man's own conviction."
"In very few instances is an officer answerable for what he does to the best of his judgment in cases where he is compellable to act, but the action lies where the officer has an option whether he will act or no."2 (See these last cases collected in Seaman v. Patten, 2 Caines, 313, 315.)
In a case in this country, Jenkins v. Waldron, 11 Johns. 121,
Spencer, J. says, for the whole court, on a state of facts much like the case in East: - "It would, in our opinion, be opposed to all the principles of law, justice, and sound policy, to hold that officeis called upon to exercise their deliberate judgments are answerable for a mistake in law, either civilly or criminally, when their motives are pure, and untainted with fraud or mal-
ice." Similar views were again expressed by the same court in the same volume, (p. 160,) in Yanderheyden v. Young. And in a like case, the Supreme Court of New Hampshire re-
cognized a like principle. C, It is true," said the chief justice for the court, "that moderators may decide wrongly with the best intentions, and then the party will be without remedy. And so may a court and jury decide wrongly, and then the party
will also be without remedy." But there is no liability in such case without malice alleged and proved. Wheeler v. Patterson, 1 N. Hamp. 90.
Finally, in this court, like views were expressed, through Justice Story, in Martin v. Mott, 12 Wheat. 3:- " Whenever a statute gives a discretionary power to any person, to be

132

SUPREME COURT.

Patton et al. v. Taylor et al.

exercised by him, upon his own opinion of certain facts, it is a sound rule of construction that the statutes constitute him the sole and exclusive judge of the existence of these-facts." "Every public officer is presumed to act in obedience to his duty, until the contrary is shown."
Under these. established principles and precedents, it will be seen that the rulings below must be held erroneous whenever the court departed from them, and required the defendant, as" on several occasions, to go, forward, and in the first- instance to prove details rebutting any error or excess.
As, for illustration, to prove in the outset facts showing a necessity to detain the plaintiff, before the latter had offered any evidenc6 it was done from malice or without cause; or to prove that the prison on shore. *ias safer and more'suitable for the plaintiff's confinement than the vessels, under the peculiar circumstances then existing, until the plaintiff. had first shown that no discretion existed in the defendant to place him there, or that he did-it mald fide, or for purposes of cruelty and oppression; or to prove ti at the punishihent inflicted was not-,immoderate, and not unceasonable, when it is admitted to have
been within the limits of his discrjetion, as confided to him by the articles for the government of the navy. On the contrary, as has been shown, all his acts within the limits of the discretion given to him are to be regarded as rima facie right till
the opposite party disprove this presumption. The judgment below must therefore be reversed, and a
venire de nova awarded, and the new trial be governed by the principles here decided.

HUGH M. PATTON, ADMINISTRATOR, AND HUGH M. PATTON AND OTHERS, HEIRS or ROBERT PATTON, DECEASED, APPELLANTS, V.
JAMES TAYLOR, ADMINISTRATOR, AND JAiiES TAYLOR, JOHN W. TIBBATTS AND ANN W. HIS WIFE, GEORGE T. WILLIAMSON AND JANE M. HIS WIFE, AND HORATIO T. HARRIS AND KETURAH L.
HIS WIE, HEIRS (OFJAMES TAYLOR, DECEASED.
A bill in chancery filed by the purchaser-of land against his vendor, to restrain the collection of the pnrchase-monev, upon the two grdunds of want of title in the vendor and his subsequent insol ency, without charging fraud or misrepresentation, cannot be sustained.
Belief wi!tnot be given on the ground of fraud, unless it be made a distinct allegation in the bill, so that it may be put in issue in the pleadings.
It was error in the court below to reject the testimony of an attorney upon the ground of his being security for costs, when the party for whom he was security had already obtained a judgment against his adversary, and also upon the ground of his being intei~ested when he held certain notes only. for the purpose of paylAg .the money over to his clients, when recovered.

