552

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Hughes et al.

court did not improperly overrule any such claim so set up, and hence that the judgment in the State court ought to be affirmed.
Order.
This cause came on -to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Court of Appeals for the Western Shore of Maryland, and was argued by counsel, On consideration wvhereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that this cause he, and the same is hereby, dismissed, for the want of jurisdiction;

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, V. DAVID M. HUGHES, ROBERT SEWALL, AND FRANKLIN HUDSON, A MINOR, BY HIS TUTOR, HOLmES
HUTCHINSON.
Where a person entered land according to law, but omitted to obtain a patent for it, and another person afterwards obtained a patent from the United States by proceeding as if it were vacant land, knowing at the same time that it was not vacant, the patent thus obtained will be set aside.
Nor is it a sufficient objection to a decree, that the process was by an information in the nature of a bill in chancery, filed by the attorney for the United States. A simple bill in equity would have been better, but this process being so in substance, the case will not be dismissed for want of form. '
An individual owner of land would, in such a case, be entitled to the relief of having the patent set aside; and the United States, as a landholder, must be entitled to the same.
The deeds of conveyance filed as exhibits show the property to have been sold for two thousand dollars, and that it was afterwards converted into a sugar estatc. This is sufficient to maintain the jurisdiction of this court.
Tis was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana.
The attorney of the United States filed an information in the nature of a bill in chancery against David M. Hughes, who was the real defendant, and also against Sewall and Hudson, nominal defendants.
On the 12th of April, 1814, Congress passed an act (3 Stat. at Large, 122) for the final adjustment of land titles in the State of Louisiana and Territory of Missouri.
The fifth section wag as follows :"Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That every person, and the legal representatives -of every person, who has actually inhabited and cultivated a tract of land lying in that part of the State of Louisian. which composed the late Territory of Orleans, or in the Territory of Missouri, which tract is not rightfully claimed by any other person, and who shall not have

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

553

The United States v. Hughes et al

removed from said State or Territory, shall be entitled to the right of preemption in the purchase thereof, under the same restrictions, conditions, provisions, and regulations, in every respect, as is directed by the act entitled 'An Act giving the right of pre6nrption in the purchase of lands to certain settlers in the Illinois Territory.' uassed February 5, 1813." (See 2 Stat. at Large, 797.)
This act of 1813 prescribed the mode of proceeding; that the party should make known his claim to the register, &.., &o.
Prior to or on the 22d of February, 1822, one John Goodbee presented the following application to the register and receiver of the Eastern District of Louisiana.
" GENTL EMuN, - I apply to become the purchaser of a tract of land by virtue of settlement under the act of Congress of the 12th of April, 1814, situatod as follows, in the parish of IberViUle, principally on the northi side of the Bayou Goula, designated as No. one b-y the surveyor, and is the same land which wa6 inhabif J and cultivated by Daniel Beedle, or Bidelle, in the year 1813, under whose settlement I claim by pmcl~aie. This land belongs to the United States, and is not righdi;lly claimed by any other person; neither has said Bidelle removed from the State. The land claimed has not been surveyed according to law, but I apply for the right of pre6mption to one hundred and sixty superficial acres, at the price provided
by law, and offer proofs of the facts set forth.
"JOHN GOODBEE."

Whereupon the register and receiver issued the following certificate and receipt.

"No. 8.

"The applicant having proved, to the satisfaction of the reg-

ister and receiver for the Eastern District of Louisiana, that he

has a.preemption right to the land claimed, I, in consequence,

certify that he is entitled to one hundred and sixty superficial

acres of land, as applied for; subject, however, to the sectional

or divisional lines to be hereafter run under the authority of

the United States.

" February22d, 1822."

F SAm,H. HARPER, Register.

"Receiver's Office, New Orleans,

February261h, 1822.

"Received of John Goodbee two hundred dollars, being the purchase-money for one hundred and sixty superficial acres of land, in the parish of Iberville, designated as No. 1 by the sur-

VOL. XI.

47

554

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Hughes et al.

veyor, to which he has a pregmption right, accordilig to the certificate of the register, No. 8, SeJx. hJi.bIMiteCdLAtoNA(HnAe.N, Receiver.
"160 acres a 10,0 $200. Original filed 9th Oct., 1846.

" PAUL DEBLIEUX, Clerk."

Subsequently proper returns of survey were made, on which the land was fully destribed and designated as lot No. 1, on the north side of Bayou Goula, or section 54 in township 10 (west of the Mississippi) of range 12 east.
On the 14th of May, 1836, David .Michael Hughes ePtered this land as if it were a tract of public land, containing 175Ma acres; and on the 16th of April, 1841, obtained a patent from the United States.
On the 3d of April, 1846, the receiver gave a certificate to John Goodbee, that he had received from him the sum of
19.32, the price of 15-1 acres at $ 1.25 per acre, that being
the excess of the land beyond the original estimate and payment.
On the 20th of January, 1848, Thomas J. Durant, Attorney of the United States for the District of Louisiana, filed in the, Circuit Court an information and bill, commencing as fol-
lows " To the Honorable the Judges of the Circuit Court of the
United States for the Fifth Circuit and District of Louisiana, in Chancery sitting': Informing, showeth unto your honors, Thomas J. Durant," &c., &c.
The bill then went on to narrate the facts of the case as
above set forth. It further states, that on or about the 14th of May, 1836,
Hughes, who resided near the town of Alexandria, Louisiana, did make an application to the register of the land-office of New Orleans, to enter and purchase the said lot of land at private sale, falsely representing to the register that the said land
was then subject to entry and sale, and that he was by the said register permitted to eater the said land, as if the same was liable to private entry; and that he, still falsely representing the said land as subject to private entry and sale, did, on the
same day, pa.y ihe receiver the sum of $ 219.32, and that there
was issued to him by the register the usual certificate given in such cases. That on the 16th of April, !841, Hughes presented the said certificate to the Commissioner of the General Land-Office at Washington, still falsely representing the land as subject to private entry and sale, and that he had legally paid for the same, and did procure the commissioner to issue a patent to him. That all the acts and doings of the register

DECFMBER TERM, 1850.

M5 1

The United States v. Hughes et al.

and receiver in permitting Hughes to -enter and pay for the land were done in error, and were at the time, and now, null and void; and that the acts and doings of the Commissioner of the General Land-Office were also, then and now, null and void, because the land had long before been sold by the United States to John Goodbee, and that Hughes is bound, in equity and good faith, to restore and give up the patent, and not to pretenid or set up any title to the said land.
That Goodbee is dead, and that the land is in the joint occupation and settlement of Robert Sewall, who resides on it, and of Franklin Hudson, a minor, who is represented by his tutor; and that they pretend to possess said land as owners, under title derived from Goodbee; and that the said parties in possession ought to be made parties to the proceedings in the case.
It is further stated, that, so soon as the error in issuing a patent and the other acts preparatory thereto were discovered,
Hughes was requested to give up and restore the patent, and receive back the money he h~d erroneously paid for the land, but refused to do so; on the contrary, he had commenced suit in one of the State courts against the possessors, who hold under Goodbee, to deprive them of the land by means of said patent, to the damage and iInjury of the United States, who are bound in equity and good faith to hold harmless all persons
who have derived title from Goodbee from the consequences of errors and mibtakes of their own, and their officers, and particularly fiom those of the error in issuing a patent to Hughes.
The bill then charges combination and confederacy, and that
Hughes bad refused to comply with the requests made to him, and sets forth his pretences for so doing; and the defendant Hughes is required to answer the following interrogatories:
Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 10; and the other defendants
Nos. 9 and 11. 1st. Whether the said land was not entered by David Mi-
chael Hughes at the land-office of the United States in New Orleans, on the 14th day of May, 1836?
2d. Whether, in making said entry, he, the said David Michael Hughes, did not represent said land to the register of the land-
office as land that was then subject to entry and private sale? 3d. *Whether, at the time of making said entry, he, the said
David Michael Hughes, did not know that the said land had previously been sold by the United States to John Goodbee?
4th. Whether he, the said David Michael Hughes, did, on the 16th day of April, in the year 1,941, obtain or procure a patent for said land from the General Land-Office in Washington ?
5th. Whether said David Michael Hughes has, since the patent was procured by him, and before the institution of these

556

SUPREME COU'RT.

The United States v. Hughes et al.

proceedings, been called upon to restore and give up said patent to the proper officer of the United States, on the ground that said patent was erroneously issued and delivered to him, and to receive back the money which he paid into the treasury as
'the price of said land ?
6th. Whether the said David Michael Hughes has not refused to give up said patent when so called upon ?
7th. Whether the said David Michael Hughes has not commenced, and is not now carrying on, proceedings at law in one of the State courts of Louisiana, to obtain possession of said land by virtue of said patent; and, if yea, in what court, and
who are the parties defendant in said suit? 8th. Whether, at the time of his procuring said patent from
Washington, he, the said David Michael Hughes, did not have -information, or did not have reason to believe, that the said land had formerly been entered and paid for by John Goodbee ?
9th. Whether the said John Goodbee is now alive; and, if not, when did he die?
10th. Whether the said David Michael Hughes did not know,,
or was not informed, when he entered said land, that the land
was in possession of Robert Sewall and of Franklin Hudson; or did he not know or believe that it was in possession of some parties claiming itas owners, and of whom ?
11th. In whose possession is said land now, and by what title dio the present possessors hold it? Is said title derived from John Goodbee,-and how?
The prayer of the bill was for an injunction to restrain Hughes- from proceeding at law, upon the patent, to obtain possession of the land; and to restrain him from selling, disposing of, or parting with the same, during the pendency of this suit; and that he may be decreed to deliver up the patent to the United States to be cancelled, as having been issued to him
in error, and without right, and for further and general relief. Sewall and Hudson, the latter by his tutor, answered the
bill, setting forth their title derived from Goodbee, praying to be dismissed from court and quieted in their title.
Hughes demurred, and for special causes of demurrer as-
signed: 1st. That by the showing in said bill this court has no juris-
diction of the matter presented, as the subject of controversy between this defendant and Sewall and Hudson, being all citi-
zens of Louisiana.' 2d. Because, by the showing in said bill, the United States,
as complainants, have no interest whatever in the matter in
controversy. 3d. That the case made by the bill shows that Robert Sewall

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.
The United States v. Hughes et al.
and Franklin Hudson, who are defendants in this bill, are in point of inteiest the only proper parties to complain against this defendant, and are not properly his co-defendants.
4th. Becailse, by the case made by the bill, the United States appear to litigate the private rights, of one citizen against another citizen, without cause or authority so to do.
5th. Because there is no law to authorize the United States to invoke the c6urts of the United States to repeal, revoke, and cancel a deed for land given by the United States to a citizen, when the whole price is acknowledged to have been received by the United States for the land sold.
6th. Because the complaint is in form an information by the district attorney of the United States in behalf of the United States, and in behalf of Sewall and Hudson, for matters only cognizable by a court of equity, on a bill in chancery, att the instance of the party aggrieved.
7th. Because the matter asserted as a preemption right to land in John Goodbee is in law no right of preemption.
8th. Because, if the right asserted was originally good as a right of pregmption in Goodbee, it is shown by the bill to have been lost, and forfeited as such right, for want of timely payment; and for many other defects, &c., in said bill appearing.
On the 24th of January, 1849, the court sustained the demurrer and dismissed the bill. The United States appealed to this court.
It was argued by tr. Crittenden (Attorney-General), for the United States, and submitted on printed argument by Mr. Henderson for the appellees.
1lIr. Crittenden made the following points " 1. That the court has jurisdiction to vacate and cancel the patent issued to Hughes. Coke, 4 Inst. 88, says, that the Chancellor has jurisdiction to hold plea of scirefacias to repeal letters patent, and enumerates three cases in which the writ lies for that purpose. 1st. Where the same thing has been granted to different persons, the first patentee shall have the -Vrit to repeal the second patent. 2d. Where a grant has bedn made upon a false suggestion. 3d. Where a thing has been granted, which by law cannot be granted. Where any thing has been unadvisedly granted which ought not to be granted, the remedy to repeal is by scirefacias in chancery. This may be brought either on the part of the king, or, if the grant is injurious to a subject, the king is bound of right to permit him to use his name for repealing the patent in a scirefacias. 3 BI. Com. 261; 2 lb. 346, 348 ; The Prince's
47.

558

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Hughes et al.

Case, 8 Co. Rep. 20; The King v. Butler, in the House of
Lords, 3 Levinz, 220; Cumming v. Forrester, 2 Jac. & Walk. 342; Gledstanes v. Earl of Sandwich, 4 Man. & Grang. 1029; Brewster v. Weld, 6 Mod. 229.
In Attorney-General v. Vernon, 1 Vernon, 28!, 282, and
same case, Ibid. 387-392, it was held that a bill in chanillery lies to set aside a grant of land. This was a case of purchase.
That a bill lies is also decided in Jackson v. Lawton, 10 Johns. 25; Jackson v. Hart, 12 Johns. 77; Seward's Lessee
v. Hicks, 1 Har. & McHen. 23, which moreover is a bill by individuals. Lord Propietary v. Jenings, Ibid. 144; Norwood v. Attorney-General ex rel. Bowen, 2 lar. & clcHen. 201, 213 ;
Smith and Purviances v. Maryland ex rel. Yates, Ibid. 244,252; Miller v. Twitty, 3 Dev. & Bat. 14; 1 Story's Eq. 121, 155,157.
Mr. Wirt was of opinion, that patents for land issued by the
Unitcd States might be repealed either by scire facias or bill, Opinions, 334. The 6ase of Jackson v. Lawton, above cited, is to the same effect. But it may be a question whether a
scirefacias lies in such a case, there being no statute on the subject, and the patent not being a matter of record. However that may be, it is very clear, by the authorities above re-
ferred to, that a-bill in chancery lies, which is the mode 'of proceeding adopted in this case. See also Polk's Lessee v. Wen-
dell, 9 Cranch, 99. II. That the patent issued to Hughes ought to be vacated and
cancelled, the same having been issued in error, and without au-
thority of law, and upon false representations and suggestions. The purchase made by Hughes of lot No. 1 was by private
entry. This entry was void, the land not having been previously offered at public sale. The fourth section of the act
of 24th of April, 1820 (1 Land Laws, 224), is express on this point. The patent upon this void entry was therefore issued without authority of law, and void.
The evidence to sustain this point, that the land was not
offered under the President's proclamation of the 11th of August, 1823, is to be found in the letter of the register of the landoffice at New Orleans, of the 23d of February, 1846, exhibit C, of the bill. It will be remembered that the certificate to Good-
bee, allowing the preemption, is dated 22d February, 1822, and is signed by Samuel H. Harper, the register, and that the price was paid to the receiver on the 26th of the same month.
Now the evidence is, "that on the tract book, under the President's proclamation of 11th August, 1823, lot No. 1, north side of Bayou Goula, is there registered in the order of sale, but opposite is written, in the handwriting of Samuel H. Harper, the then register, "sold." Mr. Harper had previously al-

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

559

The United States v. Hughes et al.

lowed Goodbee's pre6mption, and he therefore marked the lot as sold on the tract book, under the proclamation.
But even if the land had been offered at public sale, the private entry of Hughes was void, because the register and
receiver had no authority to sell and receive the purchasemoney of lands which had been already sold. The lafds authorized to be sold are the public lands of the United States. Act of 24th April, 1820, 1 Land Laws, 323. The land in
question had become the property of Goodbee, under the act of 1814, by the allowance of the preEmption claim by the register and receiver, whose decision by the terms of the act is conclusive: f' And in every case where it shall appear to the satisfaction of the register and receiver, that any person who has delivered his notice of claim is entitled, according to the
provisions of this act, to a preference in becoming the purchaser of a quarter-section of land, such person so entitled shall
have a right to enter the same," &c. See Wilcox v. Jackson, 13 Peters, 499. The sale and patent to Hughes were, there-
fore, made and issued without authority of law, and void. By the demurrer, Hughes admits the charge in the'bill, that
he represented the land to be liable to entry and sale.
III. That the land ws subject to pre6mption by Goodbee, and his claim thereto properly allowed.
It does not appear at what date Goodbee made his application, it having no date; but it is certain his claim was allowed on the 22d of February, 1822, nd that he paid the purchase-
money on the 26th, for "one hundred and sixty superficial acres of land, in the parish of Iberville, designated as No. 1 by the surveyor, to which he has a pregmption right, according to the certificate of the register, No. 8, exhibited to me." At the date of the payment, it is therefore clear that the lands had been surveyed. In the following year all the lands in the township which had been surveyed were proclaimed for public sale
by the President. In order that the court may understand why the land was
dpsignated lot No. 1, it is necessary to state that, by the sec-
ond section of the act of 3d March, 1811, the surveyors were "authorized, in arranging and dividing such of the public lands in the said Territory (Orleans), which are or may be authorized to be surveyed and divided, as are adjacent to any river, lake, creek, bayou, or watercourse, to vary the mode heretofore
prescribed by law, so far as relates to the contents of the tracts)
and to the angles and boundary lines, and to lay out the tracts, as far as practicable, of fifty-eight poles in front and four hun-
dred and sixty-five poles in depth, of such shape and bounded by such lines as the nature of the country will render practii

560

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Hughes et al.

cable and most convenient," &c. (1 Land Laws, 190.) In the first surveys made in Louisiana, therefore, the public lands on watercourses were always laid out according to the mode above
directed, which was the ancient French and Spanish mode, -a narrow front on a stream, and running back for quan-
tity. The number of acres embraced within the area of the measures given is one hundred and sixty acres, or thereabouts. On the plats, these lots were numbered continuously, some-
times, where the watercourse was long, running through many townships. In the township in which the land in question is
situated, they are numbered 1, 2, &c. on the north side of Bayou Goula; and 1, 2, &c.on the south side. In the proclamation of 1823, they are proclaimed as lots numbered in the same way, lying on the north and south sides of the bayou.
,The General Land-Office has uniformly allowed pre~mptions under the act of 1814, on the land thus surveyed; and in cases where, by the subsequent surveys of the adjacent lands, these lots have been found to contain more than one hundred and sixty acres, they have allowed the preemptor to enter the additional number of acres. As having some bearing on this, see the first section of the act of 29th April, 1816 (1 Land Laws, 281), which seems to have been made to correct a construction of the land-office with respect to pregmptions under the acts of 1813 or 1814, to be found in 2 Land Laws, no. 220, 221. The other portions of the townships directed to be surveyed on the watercourses were surveyed in the usual manner, into sections of a mile square, and fractional sections, and these
were connected with the watercourse surveys, the whole forming one connected plat. When this was done, the whole sections, fractional sections, and lots were numbered anew as sections, the lots, however, also retaining their original numbers. For instance, in this particular case, the land stands on the completed plat both as lot No. 1 and section 54. The survey of the township on which the land in question lies was
not completed until 1830. When the surveys were completed, lot No. 1 -was found to contain one hundred and seventy-five acres, and for the additional number of fifteen acres the parties who now hold under Goodbee paid the receiver on the 8d of
April, 1846. By the allowance of the pregmption, in 1822, Goodbee, as
the representative of Beedle, acquired the land in question, and the United States parted with all their interest in it. In Carrel v. Safford, 3 Howard, 461, in speaking of the liability of lands, held by purchasers from the United States who had not received their patents, to State taxes upon them, the courts
say, '1Lands which have been sold by the United' States can in

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

561

The United States v. Hughes et al.

no sense be called the property of the United States. They are no more the property of the United States than lands patented."
The land in question nD6w forms part of a valuable sugarplantation. It is respectfully submitted, that the decision of the court below ought to be reversed.

rT.Henderson made the following points. First Point. This case must be dismissed for want of jurigdiction, because the plaint is a libel or information by the District Attorney of. the United States, filed in behalf of the Unit-
ed States, but not in the name of the United States, and filed in equity (not in admiralty). This in England, in behalf of the crown, might be proper. The "crown officer " proceeds officially and in his own name. Story, Eq. P1. § 49 and § 8. But the United States have no such regal pretensions to be so
represented.
" The judicial power shall extend to all eases in law and equity ..... .to controversies, to which the United States shall be a party." Const. U. S., art. 3, § 2. And by the Judiciary Act of 1789, § 11, the jurisdiction of the Circuit Court of the United States at common law, or in equity, shall only be invoked by the United States when the value in dispute is
equal to $ 600 or more, and they are "plaintiffs or petitioners."
By the act for the better organization of the Treasury Department. 15th May, 1820, § 1, the agent of the treasury is to "superintend all orders, suits, or proceedings in law or equity,
for the recovery of money, chattels, lands, tenements, orhereditaments, in the name and for the use of the United States." See also § 7, same act.
By the act of 29th May, 1830, this agency is transferred to the Solicitor of the Treasury, but the manner of bringing suits remains unchanged. See §§ 3, 5,and 8.
Second Point. The case should be dismissed, because there
is no appreciable value in the matter sought to be decreed by
the prayer of the relator, as between the United States and the
defendants. The United States do not claim the land, but on-
ly the surrender of a patent, for which Hughes gave $ 219.32,
and which, as consequence, he would receive back if the patent was cancelled. Act of 1789, § 11.
Third Point. The case should b-e dismissed, because there is no authority, by any law of the United States, for the.courts of the United States to repeal or cancel a patent for land sold by the government, when the United States, as in this case, show that they have neither land nor money to gain by such decree. In other words, it is shown the United States have no interest in this suit; but interpose only as an act of grace,

SUPREME COURT.
The Uuited States v. Hughes et aL
officiating only inthe office of prerogative. Had Hughes defrauded the government of its lands, the United States would have the same right as a citizen to sue in equity to cancel our title. But a land patent (so called) for lands sold by the United States, is only a deed of bargain and sale. It has nothing of the grace or generosity of royal favor. It is in no legal sense a grant. But by acts of Congress of 2d March, 1833, § 1, and 4th July, 1831, § 6, the title issued is called a patent, Whether for lands granted or sold; yet it is only in virtue of these qualities of grant that it is in England the prerogative of the crown to repeal patents. 5 Com. Dig., tit. Patent (F), pp. 280, 281.
But even there, if the same thing be twice granted, the scire facias to repeal shall be brought by the first patentee, and not by the king. Ibid. p 281 (F. 4).
This prerogative is of the common law. But the United States have no right to such prerogative. 6 Pet. 35. And have no common law. 7 Cranch, 32; 8 Pet. 658; 3 How. 104.
The -United States in selling land, and in all matters of contract, does not assert its sovereignty, but acts as a citizen. 9 Wheat. 907. Constitutional governments cannot pronounce their own deeds void for any cause. 6 Cranch, 132. They are estopped by their deed. 6 Cranch, 137. An innocent purchaser of a government may plead purchase for valuable consideration.. 6 Cranch, 135.
It is against public policy, that the land-officers should elect their favorite between two citizens claiming the same land by purchase, and involve the United States as a partisan in the strife. And it is against the practice, of the land-office. See President Jackson's Instruction, 2 Pub. Land Laws, no. 60, p. 93; Instructions 4 and 5, Opin. Attorney-General, Vol. II. no. 67, pp. 86 and 87; Ibid., no. 88.
And the act of 12th January, 1825 (Land Laws, 402), which directs that purchasers of land from the United States, where the purchase is void by reason of a prior sale, shall be entitled to repayment of the purchase-money, "on making proof, to the satisfaction of the Secretary of,the Treasury, that the same was erroneously sold," 31early contemplates, that the purchaser shall establish the fact in some sufficient manner, and not that the department, as its duty, shall decide the fact, and force its judgment upon the purchaser.
And in this form of suit Hughes cannot litigate his rights with his co-defendants, nor can have any decree in his favor, but the dismission of this plaint; for which he,-by his demurrer, and his co-defendants by answer, both pray.
Fourth Point. The fact is so, and the court, on inspection of the information filed, will not fail to perceive it, that the real

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

563

The United States v. Hughes et a].

contestant parties to the property or title in issue are the codefendants Sewall and Hudson on one side, and D. M. Hughes
on the other. All are shown on the face of the bill to be residents of the State of Louisiana, viz. Sewall a resident on the
land in controversy, Hudson an infant ward of the State, and Hughes a citizen of Red River. For such a case as this, no jurisdiction of parties in the Chreuit Court of the United States obtains. And hence this case should be dismissed.
Fifth Point. If the United States, or their attorney, had a
right to institute this suit (which we deny), yet no law of Congress can be produced to authorize an appeal by the United States in such a case; and, without direct legislation permits the appeal, none is allowed. 6 Peters, 494-497; 11 Peters, 166; 1 Howard, 265; 3 Howard, 104 and 317; 8 Howard, 121.
Nor is it shown that the matter in issue between the United States and defendants is of value 8 2,000. And hence the ap-
peal shtnld be dismissed. Sixth Point. But if this court asserts jurisdiction of the
cause, we nevertheless maintain the decree of dismission was right, not only for the causes shown in the points 1, 2, 3, and 4 preceding (which are all involved in the demurrer), but also that the merits of the case made in the bill are with the deinurrant, because no valid right of preemption is shown in Goodbee to the land patented to Hughes.
We might admit, without prejudice to our case, that what the land-officers have decided in favor of Goodbee's pre~mption is conclusive against us so far as within their jurisdiction. But we maintain the allowance of this pregmption is most palpably without law, and against law. Omitting to note for the present, the numerous blunders of varied descriptions and misdescriptions of the lands in controversy, it is shown by the patent, Exhibit E, that the land sold to Hughes is See. 54, T.
10, R. 12, containing 175-4-OA6 acres. And this is the tract of land said by the bill, and by Exhibit D, to have been originally described as lot No. 1, but is subsequently correctly described as See. 54. We note, then, first, that this is an irregular section, which could only bear the number 54 by being a private claim, and from this cause having the accumulated number over the thirty-six sections which compose a township of the public surveys. Act of Congress, 18th May, 1796, § 2 (Land Laws, 50, 51) ; Act of 6th March, 1820, §6 (Land Lax~s, 322). As an ihegnlar section, and an entire section, it is fractional, including but 175 acres. The bill shows this premption was
claimed and accorded under the fifth section of the act of 12th April, 1814 (Land Laws, 244), which extends the act of 5th Februa'y, 1813 (Land Laws, 226), to Louisiana. The claim,

564

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Hughes et al.

then, in Louisiana must be under "the same restrictions, con. ditions, provisions, and regulations in every respect," as by act of 1813 is provided. Act of 1813, § 1, provides, "that no more than one quarter-section shall be'sold to any one individual, in virtue of this act, and the same shall be bounded by the sectional and divisional lines," &c. See Secretary Crawford's
Opinion, 2 Land Laws, 539, ho. 478, that only a quartersection is allowable. And § 2 requires that the applicant, in his notice of claim, "shall particularly designate the quartersection he claims."
On the law, then, it is clear beyond doubt that the landofficers had no power or jurisdiction to grant pregmptions to entire sections, or fractional sections, or to any quantity ex. eeeding a divisional quarter. And such was the jonstruction of the Attorney-General, in 1814, of this act, on this point. 2 Land Laws, Op. no. 220 and no. 221. And the same construction of this act, when extended to Florida, by act of 22d April, 1826, is-adhered to by the Attorney-General in 1826. See Op. no. 330. And the same principle ie decided in Opinion no. 7.
These authorities seem quite conclusive that the allowance of this pre6mption was against the plainest provisions of the law,.and the direct instructions of the superior department, and therefore void. 3 How. 664, 665; 13 Pet. 519; 4 How. 502.
. Seventh Point. The pregmption was void in its allowance,
because before survey of the land, by which its number and subdivision could be known, or its allowance validated. 2 Land Laws, no. 399.
The bill affects to make it an equitable merit, that, when this application was made and allowed, neither the applicant nor the land-officers knew on which side the Bayou Goula this pregmption lay; and therefore it was assumed to lay on both sides, but1 principally on the north side." That they did not know its number and sectional division, its contents and quantity, because it had not been surveyed: The argument in the
bill, that these deficiencies resulted and continued from a delay
to "connect the public surveys," is sheer nonsense. The connection of the surveys does not affect the actual surveys of the separate parcels and divisions. This manifest disregard of the law is seen in Exhibit B, which shows Goodbee's claim to be in the county of lberville, on the Mississippi River, and for 160
acres exactly. There is no township, range, section, or quartersection, nor the Bayou Goula, mentioned in this registry of predmption. And Exhibits Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, with Sewall and
Hudson's answer, show that no particular lot or division was applied for or granted; but only "160 superficial acres," and
this proven to lie on "both sides of the Bayou Goula." And

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

565

The United States v. Hughes et al.

the application was expressly granted by the register, "subject

to the sectional and divisional lines to be hereafter run." Is it

wonderful, with such records of entry, that the land should ap-

parently remain unsold ?

But all this was palpably and expressly against the law of

1813, §§ 1 and 2, which distindtly requires that the land shall only be claimed or allowed after survey, and must be sought

for and granted by its specific subdivisions. And see Instruc-

tions, 2 Land Laws, p. 384, no. 309.

Eighth Point. The alleged preemption was clearly void,

because not paid for by entry, &c. two weeks before the period

assigned for the public sales, and therefore forfeited. Act of

1813, § 2.

It is unnecessary to inquire with what indulgence the landoffice might have regarded the numerous and palpable viola-

tions of law which this preemption encounters. It now rests

on law, in contest with a purchaser who has paid his money

and got a legal title, and who has a right to combat this al-

leged superior equity by any circumstance which may impair it. 7 Wheat. 6. We know not, on this demurrer, at what

precise time this land was exposed to public sale; but, on the

presumptions of law, Hughes could not have entered it as public

land9, till after it was offered for sale at public outcry. Exhibit

C shows us it was offered at public sale under the President's

proclamation of 11th August, 1823. And these instructions or regulations were of like import -ith those of 1st January,

1836 (2 Land Laws, p. 125, no. 81), and which las- was in force when Hughes purchased. And this court will presume

what Was required by the regulations to be done was in fat

done. Therefore, this land was offered for sale on public no-

tice, before Hughes bought it. And the bill shows; and Exhibit

D shows, that this preemption was not paid for till 3d April,

1846, being ten years after Hughes had entered and paid for it. Now, if Goodbee had a pregmption right hi 1822 to this tract

of land, the act of 1813, § 2, expressly forfeits it, if not entered

before offered for sale (2 Land Laws, p. 112, no. 72; Ibid., p:

118, no. 77). And the price must all have been paid at the

time of entry, by act of 24th April. 1820 (2 Land Laws, p.

384, no. 309).- Aid if the land-officers had any,poWer to, in-

dulge Goodbee for part payment of this land, it certainly could

not lawfully extend to ten years after they had sold it to an-

other, and for which delay no excuse is given; and it is not

pretended the public surveys were not connected when Hughes'

purchased the land in 1836.

Ninth Point. This preemption, as against Hughes, a pur-

chaser with legal title, is void, also, for vagueness, misdescrip.

VOL. X1.

48

566

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Hughes et al.

tion and uncertainty, and to which the acts of the claimant,
more than those of the land-officers, contributed. He had applied and paid for 160 superficial acres, lying on
both sides of the Bayou Goula, which had ho survey, boundary,
sectional subdivision, quantity, township, or range, which could identify it, or give it specific location. Claimed as lying on both sides of Bayou Goula, and registered (see Exhibit B
as lying on the Mississippi River, could Hughes, or any one, be admonished it lay on the north side of Bayou Goula? Claim-
ing 160 acres and no odd hundredths or other excess, who was bound to know it was a tract of 175-. acres? Claimed and
registered by some careless, unmeaning, and unauthorized designation of lot No. 1, who would suspect Sec. 54, T. 10, R. 12, was meant and intended by such description?
Now, on this demurrer, we claim to discriminate as to what
the record was when Hughes purchased on the 14th of May, 1836, md what subsequent conjectures, annotations, and inter-
lineations have made it.
There was, then, when Hughes purchased, no Sec. 54, T.10,
R. 12, assigned as Goodbee's preemption, nor the SurveyorGeneral's commentary, of date 27th May, 1844, that Goodbee's 160 superficial acres had increased to 175c, as per Exhibit A. And Register Laidlaw had not then discovered, as he did in 1846, that the word" sold," written in the tract book, opposite to this designated lot, meant sold to Goodbee, rather than
Hughes, who had purchased it ten years before this discovery. And the pencilled name of " Hudson," in 1836, in same book, but fairly implies that it was put there after Hughes bought the land the same year. But neither of these is so remarkable
as that, Goodbee not having paid for the land up to date
(1846), and with the averment in the bill that the "assigns" of Goodbee, on the 3d of April, 1846, paid up the arrearage due on this preemption, yet the register gives his certificate of the same date, that Goodbee, on the 26th of February, 1822, purchas'ed lot No. 1, or ec. 54, T. 10, R. 127eontaining 175je acres, for which he made, payment in full, as required by law." While on the same date, as shown by the same Exhibit D, the receiver certifies that Goodbee, on the 3d of April, 1846, paid
him $ 19.32, being residue in full for this same land. How
much these post-dated certificates, contradictions, and transmufations of the records shall receive the sanction of the court,
and, by their retrospective operation, conduce to deprive Hughes
of his title, is submitted with but little apprehension as to the conclusions which must be arrived at.
The charges in -the plaint, that Hughes falsely represented to the land-officers that this section was subject to entry, and

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

567

The United States v. Hughes et al.

that he falsely represented he was entitled to have the patent, and thus obtained his title, we regard as meaning nothing available to the case, though met on demurrer. No presiimption of law can be entertained that the land-officers acted on the verbal representations of Hughes, and were so childishly cajoled, instead of the evidences of their records, and the laws and instructions which guide them in like cases. Besides, Exhibit C expressly reports this land to have been offered at public sale, by the proclamation of the President, before Hughes
purchased it. And to these acts, which were the prerequisites
in law that put the land in market, Hughes is not charged
with being accessory.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the court.
The attorney of the United States for the District of Louisiana on behalf of the United States filed an information in the nature of a bill in chancery, against David M. Hughes, having for its object the repeal and surrender of a patent for 175 40
acres of land, made to Hughes by the President of the United States, April 16, 1841. The bill proceeds on the ground that said patent was fraudulently obtained, being in violation of the
rights of Sewall and Hudson, deriving title from John Goodbee, who entered the land as his preemption claim under the
act of April 12, 1814, paid the purchase-money, and got a cer-
tificate of purchase, in 1822, for 160 acres; but when the public surveys were executed, the legal subdivision was found to contain 15yj acres more, to which Goodbee's right 'of preemp-
tion also extended.
The validity of Goodbee's entries depends on the regulations of the land-office, made in pursuance of statutes enacted by Congress; and which statutes and regulations are accurately
set forth by the Attorney-General in his argument in this cause, and need not be further stated here.
It appears that in 1836 Hughes entered the same land, with
full knowledge that those holding possession under Goodbee's title were owners and cultivating a sugar-plantation on it. The existence of Goodbee's preemption right and better title was overlooked at the land-office in Louisiana, where the entry of Hughes was made; and again at the General Land-Office
until after his-pateift had issued. As the bill was demurred to, no dispute can be raised on the
question of fraud, nor can any doubt exist that this second purchase was fraudulently obtained, Sewall and Hudson being
notoriously in possession of the land as owners wheii Hughes made his entry at the land-office.
1st. The first and main objection made for defendant Hughes is, that this proceeding is improper, and will not lie.

568

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Hughes et al.

It is to be regretted that this was not a simple bill in equity brought by the United States against the defendant Hughes, praying that the patent might be annulled and surrendered by a decree in chancery, without any attempt of assimilating the proceeding to an information brought by the -Attorney-General on behalf of the crown, in England, to repeal a patent. In this country, the lands of the United States, lying within the States, are held and subject to be sold (under the authority of Congress), as lands may be held and sold by individual. owners, or
by ordinary corporations; and similar remedies may be employed by the United States as owners, that are applicable in cases of others. This, we think, is manifest. It was so held in the case of King et al. v. The United States, 3 How. 773.
In substance, this is a bill in equity for and on behalf of the United States, because of an injury done to the .United States by Hughes, the defendant, and we will not dismiss it for want
of form. By the Constitution. Congress is vested with power to dis-
pose of the public lands, and to make all needful rules and
regulations respecting them.. Under existing regulations, Goodbee had a right to enter the land in dispute in exclusion of
others, and did so; and the United States, as owner, having been paid for the land, was bound to make the purchaser a
title, in the same manner that an individual would have been bound under similar circumstances.
Ai the patent to Hughes is a conveyance of the fee, the United States stand divested of the legal title, and therefore
cannot fulfil their engagement with Goodbee and his alienees, to whom they stand bound for a legal title, until the grant to
Hughes is annulled. It is manifest that, if the agents of an individual had been
thus imposed on, the conveyance could be set aside because of
mistake on part of such agents, and fraud on part of the second purchaser, in order that the first contract could be complied with. Nor can it be conceived why the government should
stand on a different footing from any other proprietor. Hughes has no right to complain, for so soon as it was dis-
covered that he had defrauded the government, and those claiming under it, his purchase-money was tendered, and a surrender of the patent demanded; but he refused to receive the money, or surrender his legal advantage.
2d. The demurrer having been sustained, and the bill dismissed by the Circuit Court, it is insisted here that no appeal
would lie, because the matter in dispute does not appear to have amounted to $ 2,000. All the assignments from Good-
bee down to the present owners (Sewall and Hudson) are ex-

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

569

The United States v. Hughes et aL

hibited with the bill, as a par± thereof; the first of which is a notarial conveyance from Goodbee to Bush, dated in 1822. It states that the consideration of $ 2,000 had been paid for the land; and, there being a sugar-plantation on it, we assume its value to he quite equal now. As we are bound by complainant's allegation of value, no controversy can be raised on the fact. If, however, any objection existed, value could be proved herd in like manner as is usually done in cases of ejectment, where there is no allegation what the property in dispute
is worth. We are of opinion that the patent to Hughes should be va-
cated and annulled; and accordingly order that the decree of the Circuit Court of the District of Louisiana be. reversed; and it is adjudged and decreed, that the patent made to David Michael Hughes by the President of the United States, on the 16th day of April, A. D. 1841, for 175, acres of land, being for
section 54 in township 10 of range 12 east, in the district of lands subject to sale at New Orleans, Louisiana, be, and. the same is hereby, vacated, and declared null and void. And it is also ordered and decreed, that said 'David 1MVhael Hughes do,
within one calendar month from the time of filing and entering the mandate of this court in the Circuit Court for the District of Louisiana, surrender said patent to the clerk of the aforesaid Circuit Court, who will certify on its face that said patent is annulled by this decree; which certificate he Will sign and further authenticate under the seal of his court and then forward said patent to the Commissioner of the General Land-Office at Washington city.
And i is further adjudged and decreed, that said David Michael Hughes be, and he is hereby, for ever enjoined from prosecuting any suit in law or equity on said patent, as evidence of title.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed; and this court, proceeding
to render such decree as the said Circuit Court ought to have rendered, doth order, adjudge, and decree, that the patent made to David Michael Hughes. by the President of the United States, on the 16th day of April, A. D1 1841, for section 54 in township 10 of range 12 east, in the district of l6nids subject to sale at New Ofleans, Louisiana, containing 175&%k acres of
48

570

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Power's Heirs.

land, be, and the same is hereby, vacated and annulled; that the said David M. Hughes do, within one calendar month from
the time of filing the mandate of this court in the said Circuit Court, surrender said patent to the clerk of said court; that the
said clerk shall certify under the seal of the said court, on the face of the said patent, that it is annulled by this' decree, and
then transmit the same to the Commissioner of the General Land-Office at Washington city; that the said David M. Hughes be, and he is hereby, for ever enjoined from prosecut-
ing any suit in law or equity on said patent as evidence of title. And it is further adjudged and decreed, that this cause
be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to carry this decre@ into effect, and for such further proceedings to be.had herein, in conformity to the opinion of this court, as to law and justice may appertain.

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, v. THoriAs P6WER'S HEIRs.

The twelfth section of the regulations of O'Reilly in 1770 required, that there should be an order of survey, a proces verbal by the surveyor of the province, three copies of the plat made out by him, one of which should be deposited in the office

of the scrivener of the government, and Cabildo, a second delivered to the gov-

ernor, and the third to the-proprietor, to be annexed to the titles of the grant. Where a grant was alleged to have been issued by the Spanish governor of Louisi-

ana in 1781, and the only evidence of it was a copy taken from a notary's book,

the title was invalid.

At the date of the grant, viz. fst Angust%1781, the Spanish governor of Louisiana

was only the military commandant of that part of West Florida in which the lands granted were situated. He held the country by right of conquest. The Spanish laws had not been introduced into the country, and it was not ceded to Spain by

Great Britain until 1783. The governor had therefore no authority to grant land

in 1781.

Under the acts of Congress of 1824 and 1844, the District Court had no power to

act upon evidence of mere naked possession, unaccompanied by written evidence,

cUonnfedtrehrreinvga, roiorupsroafcetsssionfgCtooncgornefsesr,realattiitnleg

of to

some laud

decription. titles in that

the Perdido, and

the thirty.first degree

otrfacntorotfhcolautnitturydeb,e-a is

tween the Iberville,

is not barred against the United States, although it

complete title, unrecorded,

barred against any private claim derived from the United States.

THis was an appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi. . It was the case of a petition, and amendeO petition, presented by the heirs of Thomas Power to the District Court for the
Southern District of Mississippi, the first on the 15th of June, 1846, and the latter on the 11th of November, 1846, under the
act of 1824, as revived and reenacted by that of 1844, claiming two very valuable islands, lying off the coast of the State of
Mississippi, opposite the Bay of Biloxi.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

663

The'United States v. Turner et al.

MAN, OF THE STATE OF TENNESSEE, COHEIR WITH THE LAST ABOVENAMED PERSONS or COLUMIBUS LAWSON ; CATHARINE PAULINE BA-
XER, THE WIDOW or BLAIZE CENAS, AND NOW THE WIFE OF WIL-
LIAI CHRISTY, AND HILARY B. CENAs, AUGUSTUS HENRY CENAS, AND AUGUSTUS ST. JOHN, RIcHARD BRENEN BLANCH9, AND GEORGE
CHRISTY, THE LAST FOUR BEING MINORS, AND REPRESENTED BY
PAULINE ST. JOHN, THE WIDOW OF PETER CENAS, THEIR MOTHER AND NATURAL TUTRIX, ALL OF' THE STATE OF LOUISIANA; JONATHAN MONTGODIERY AND MICHEL MUSSON, THE TESTAIENTARY EX-
ECUTORS OF THE LATE WILLIAM'r NOTT, OF THE- STATE- OF LouISIANA, AND THE HEIRS OF NATHANIEL A'IORY, OF THE STATE OF
RHODE ISLAND.

THIS, like the two preceding cases, was an appeal from the District Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana, and involved the validity of the Bastrop grant. It was argued
together with that of the United States against the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants of Philadelphia and New Orleans,
and was included in the same judgment. See the concluding
part of the opinion of the court in the last-named case.

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, V. SABAH TURNER, THE WIFE OF JARED D. TYLER, WHO IS AUTHORIZED AND ASSISTED' HEREIN BY HER SAID HUSBAND; ELIZA TUENER, WIFE OF JOHN A. QUITMHAN,
WHO IS IN LIKE IANNER AUTHORIZED AND ASSISTED BY HER SAID
HUSBAND; HENRY TURNER, AND GEORGE W. TURNER, fHIRS AND
LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES OF HENRY TURNER, DECEASED.
The decision of this court in the case of the United States v. King and Coxe (S Howard, 773, and 7 Howard, 833) again affirmed, viz. that the contract between the Baron de Carondelet and the Marquis de Malson-Rouge conveyed no interest in the land to Maison-Rouge, but was merely intended to mark out by certain and definite boundaries the limits of the establishment which he was authorized to form.
The contract must be judged of according to the laws of Srain; but under those laws, whenever there was an intention to grant private property, words were always used which severed the property from the public domain.
The absence in this case of the royal order of 1795, and of all testimony respecting the genuineness of the certificate of survey by Trudeau, makes no difference in the decision of the court. The construction of the grant was the main point of that case, and is also of this.
Whether or not the instrument was a perfect and complete grant by the laws of Spain, was a question for the court, and not for the jury.
The case of the United States v. King and Coxe explained.
THIS was an appeal from the District Court of the United States for the District Court of Louisiana.
It was a petition filed in the District Court by the appellees,. who claimed a tract of land under the Maison-Rouge grant..

664

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Turner et al.

The District Court decided in favor of the petitioners, and
the United States appealed to this court. It was submitted by 311r. Crittenden (Attorney-General), for
the United States, upon the ground that this court had already decided, in the case of United States v. King (3 Howard, 773, and 7 Howard, 833), that the grant was invalid.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the coup.
This is an appeal from the decree of the District Court. .if the United States for the District of Louisiana. The proc, -d-
ings were instituted by the appellees against the United St',es, according to the acts of Congress of May 26, 1824, ana June
,17, 1844; and they claim title to a parcel of land in the State of Louisiana, under an instrument of writing executed by the Baron de Carondelet, on the 20th of June, 1797, in favor of the Marquis de Maison-Rouge. The conveyances by which they deduce title to themselves from him are -set forth in the petition. The case turned altogether, in the District Court, upon the construction and effect of the document above mentioned;
and this is the only question arising on this appeal. . The appellees insist that this instrument of writing conveyed
to the Marquis de Maison-Rouge either the legal or equitable title to tha thirty superficial leagues of land described in the
plan of Triideau annexed to the instrument. But the question Which they propose to raise has already been decided. The instrument under which they claim title came under the consideration.f this court in the case of the United States v. King and Coxe, reported in 3 Howard, 773, and 7 Howard; 833. And in
the last-mentioned report it will be seen that the construction
and effeck of this instrument was at that time directly before the court, and the decision of the case depended upon it. The question was then fully and carefully examined and considered,
and the court held that this instrument of writing conveyed no interest in the land to Maison-Rouge, as his private property;
and that it was intended merely to mark out by certain and definite boundaries the, limits of the establishment, he was authorized to form, accordiiig to the stipulations of a previous contract which he had entered into with the Spanish govern-
ment, in 1795. And as regarded that previous contract the court said: "It will be observed that this contract contaihs no stipulation in favor of Maison-Rouge. All the engagements on the part of the government are in favor of the emigrants
who should accept the conditions. . Indeed, it seems to have been no part 6f the turposes of this agreement to regulate the compensation which he was to receive for 'his services. Its
only object, as appears by the concluding sentence, was to

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

665

The United States v. Turner et al.

make known the offers made by the Spanish government to those who were disposed to come. It was therefore to be shown by the Marquis to those whom he invited to remove to this establishment, and it does not appear to have been thought necessary, and perhaps was not desirable, that his compensa-
tion or his interest in forming the colony should be made public. That was a matter betweeh him and the Spanish authorities, which doubtless was understood on both sides. And whether it was to be in money, or in a future grant of land, does not appear. Certainly it w"as not to be in the land on which this establishment was to be formed, because the government was pledged to grant it to the colonists."
The question which this appeal brings up is therefore res judicata. Nor does the court perceive any ground for doubt-
ing the correctness of the opinion heretofore pronounced. And in the case arising under the claim of the Baron de Bastrop, in which the judgment of the court has just been delivered, the principles decided in the case of the United States v. King and Coxe have again been affirmed, after full argument by counsel and reconsideration by the court. The De Bastrop claim was upon an instrument of writing similar to that in favor of Alaison-Rouge, and executed on the same day by the-Baron de Carondelet, for a still larger tract of country than that destined
and appropriated for the establishment of the Marqijis de Maison-Rouge. Undoubtedly the validity and effect of both of these instruments depend altogether upon the laws, ordinances, and usages of the Spanish government, prevailing in the province of Louisiana at the time they were made; and it is the duty
of the court to expound them accordingly. And they are both strikingly unlike the grants for colonization authorized by the
Laws of the Indies; and equally unlike the grants usually made by the Spanish authorities to persons undertaking to introduce into the province a certain number of colonists. In grants of this description, authorized by the La'ws of the Indies and usually made by the provincial authorities, the bolonists
were introduced by the grantee free of"expense to the government, and the grant was the equivalent for the service per-formed, and depended upon the number thus brought in. And
in such cases the intention to grant as private property was always indicated in clear and appropriate words, which severed
the land at once from the royal domain, and converted it into private property.
But in the cases of De Bastrop and Maison-Rouge the colonists are to be brought in at the expense of the government
itself, and supported for some time afterwards; and they are
to receive their grants for the land allotted to them from the
- 56*

666

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Turner et al.

public authorities, and not from De Bastrop or laison-Rouge. There would seem, therefore, to be no equivalent or consiier-
ation for these extensive grants, and certainly there are no
words in either of the instruments that indicate an intention to convey to them as private property the land delineated for their respective establishments. On the contrary, as the colonists were to receive their titles and grants from the govern-
ment, it follows necessarily that the entire title, legal and equitable,. must have remained in the government, and have
been so understood by the parties. For otherwise this stipulation could not have been performed. And if the land desig-
nated for the establishment remained national property, aid was not severed by these instruments frora the national domain, it passed to the United States as public property by the trety of cession.
It is true that the contract of 1795, and the royal order which sanctioned it, and which are referred to in the instrument relied on by the petitioners, were not offered in evidence in this case, and are not in the record before us. And in the opinion of the court, reported in 7 Howard, 849, 850, it will be seen that this contract was regarded as furnishing a key to the construction of the instrument subsequently executed. But the court also held that the instrument of 1797, if construed by itself, conveyed to Mlaison-Rouge no right of property in the hnd; and,
indeed, that it was not intelligible, unless taken in connection with the prior one. The omission, therefore, of the contract and royal order of 1795 in this record, will not distinguish this case from that of the United States v. King and Coxe.
It is proper also to say, that a question of fact which was very much discussed when the case of the United States v. King and Coxe was first before the court, and upon which' the court at that time expressed an.opinion, is not in controversy upon the evidence in this record. In the case referred to, a great
mass of testimony was offered on behalf of the United States, tending to show that the plan of Trudeau annexed to the instrument of 1797 was not the one to which it intended to refer; that it referred to another, which designated land at a different place, and higher up the Ouachita River; that the survey .annexed was not made until the latter end of 1802 or the beginning of 1803, when negotiations were actually pending for the cession of the territory, and was then made in expectation of the cession to the United States, and the certificate
antedated to cover the land now claimed. But as the case of the United States v. King and Coxe was
an action at law, and brought up to this court by writ of error,
the questions of fact arising upon the evidence in the record

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

667

The United States v. Turner et aL

were not open to revision in the appellate court. The question above mentioned had been decided against the United States by the District Court, according to the Louisiana practice, without the intervention of a jury, and his decision, like the verdict of a jury, was conclusive as to the fact, where the case was brought up by writ of error. And this court, when their atten-
tion was called to the subject, set aside the judgment and.reinstated the case, to be heard and determined on the questions of law, assuming the facts to be true as decided by the District Court.
In the present case, however, the proceeding is acc6rding to
the rules and principles of a court of equity, and the facts as well as the law are brought'here for revision by the appeal. .The genuineness of the certificate of Trudeau would therefore be open to inquiry, if the evidence in the former case was in
this record. But none of the evidence offered on behalf of the United-
'States, of any description, in the case against King and Coxe, is co-otained in the record before us. The case appears to have been tried and determined in the -District Court altogether upon testimony adduced by the appellees. They examined several witnesses to prove that Trudeau's certificate was genu-
ine, and not antedated. And as there was no opposing evidence, the opinion of the District Court upon this part of the
case was undoubtedly correct.
As relates to the order itself of the Baron de Carondelet, to which this plan was annexed, it appears that the original ift the Spanish language was produced and proved, and a copy is contained, in the record; and with it what purports to be a
translation into the English language. By whom this translation was made does not appear; nor does the record show that it was proved by the testimony of any witness. It differs in material respects from that produced in the case of the United States v. King and Coxe, which will be found in the report in 3 Howard, and also from that contained in the report of the committee of the House of Representatives in Vol. III. of
American State Papers, p. 410 (Public Lands). The two lastmentioned translations are substantially, if not precisely,-the *same, and conform to the ori-inal. But the one sent up in
this record is evidently incorrect. There is likewise a translation 8et out by the appellees in
their petition, differing from the one offered in evidence, and approaching very nearly to the two translations of which
we have spoken. But this also is inaccurate, and omits the word "conditions," when speaking of the contract under which Maison-Rouge was to form his establishment. But these

SUPREME COURT.
The United States v.-Turner et al.
erroneous translations are not entitled to consi&ration in expounding this instrument, since the original is in evidence and must speak for itself.
Witnesses, it appears, were examined in the District Court, to prove that this instrument was a perfect and complete grant by the laws of Spain then in force in the province of Louisiana in relation to grants of land; and the counsel for the appellees moved for an issue upon this point, to be tried by the jury. This motion was properly refused by the court, and the issues which the court directed were confined to questions of fact. The Spanish laws which formerly prevailed in Louisiana, and upon which the titles to land in that State depend, must be judicially noticed and expounded by the court, like the laws affecting titles to real property in any other State. They are questions of law and not questions of fact, and are always so regarded and treated in the courts of Louisiana. And it can never be maintained in the courts of the United States that the'laws of any State of this Union are to be treated as the laws of a foreign nation, and ascertained and determined as a matter of- fact, by a jury, upon the testimony of witnesses. And if the Spanish laws prevailing in Louisiana before the cession to the United States were to be regarded as foreign laws, which the courts could not judicially notice, the titles to land in that'State would become unstable and insecure; and their validity or invalidity would, in many instances, depend upon the varying opinions of witnesses, and the fluctuating verdicts of juries, deciding upon questions of law which they could not, from the nature oftheir pursuits and studies, be supliosed to comprehend.
The testimony offered on this subject was objected to by the district attorney, but would seem to have been re6eived by the court. It is not material, however, to inquire whether it was received or not. -For the only question before us is, whether the instrument of writing of 1797, under which the petitioners claimed title, was or was not correctly expounded by the District Court. And whetfer he arrived at his conclusion from the language of the instrument itself; or was influenced by the oral testimony, is not important. In 6ither case, the, decision that this instrument was a grant to the Marquis de MaisonRouge of the thirty square leagues of land therein mentiohed as his private pr6perty, is, in the judgmentof this-court, erroneous. And as the title of the appellees r~sts entirely upon -this supposed grant, the .decree in their favor .must be reversed, and the petition dismissed.
Mr. Justice McLEAN, Mr.. Justice WAYNE, Mr. Justice McKINLEY, and Mr. Justice GRIER dissented.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

669

Bennett v. Butterworth.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is ordered and decreed by this court that the decree of the said District Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed and annulled, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said District Court, with directions to dismiss the petition of the claimants.

JouN H. BENNETT, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. SA IUEL F. BUTTERWORTH.
In Texas, the common law has been adopted, but the forms and rules of pleading in common law cases have not; and although the forms of proceedings and practice in the State courts have been adopted in the District Court of the United States, yet such adoption must not be understood as confounding the principles of law and equity; nor as authorizing legal and equitable claims to be blended together in one suit.
The Constitution of the United States has recognized the distinction between law and equity, and it must be observed in the federal courts, although there is no distinction between them by the laws of Texas.
Where a petition was filed claiming certain negroes, to whom the defendant set up a title as being his own property, and the jury brought in a verdict awarding a sum of money to the plaintiff, which was released, and then the court gave judgment that the plaintiff should recover the negroes, these proceedings were irregular, and. the judgment must be reversed.
They cannot be assimilated to proceedings in chancery, or treated as such by this court. There is nothing like a bill or answer, as prescribed by the rules of this court, nor any statement of the evidence upon which the judgment could be revised.
The casemust, therefore, be considered as a-case at law, the rules of which require that the verdict must find the matter in issue between the parties, and the judgment must follow the verdict.
Here neither was the ee, and the errors being patent upon the records, the judgment i'. open to revision in this court, without any motion in arrest of judgment being made or exception taken in the court below.
THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the District Court of the United States for the District of Texas.
In 1848, Buttenvorti filed the following petition against Bennett :-
"To the Honorable J. C. Watrous, Judge of Lhe District Court of the United States for the District of the State of Texas, and which court has also Circuit Court powers.
"The petition of Samuel F. Butterworth, who is a citizen of the State of New York, against John H. Bennett, who is a citizen of the State of Texas, would respectfully represent unto

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

609

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

Secondly, if these three distinct improvements had been claimed and granted in the letters, and described in the schedule, then the patent would be void,,as I think, because no more than one invention, distinct and disconnected from others, can be granted in the same lettefs. Such is the construction that has been given to the ,legislation of Congress at the Patent-Office, and is supposed by me to be the correct one. If three independent inventions can be patented and monopolized together, so any number may be; by this means, the grant may cover many fictitious claims, vith some valid ohes, which latter will stand protected; so that little or no risk will be run by obtaining a grant for that which is not new; and by this mode of proceeding at the Patent-Office, fictitious claims may cover and assume to monopolize the ordinary implements now in use on the farm and in the workshop, and, yet more than is now the case, harass the public with fictitious and ill-founded claims to make and sell exclusively things in daily and extensive use. Although the claim may be fictitious, still this does not protect the public from harassment, as usually men using cheap implements cannot afford to litigate in the United States courts. It would be far better to allow the claim, unjust as it is, and pay the patentee his fraudulent demand, than incur the expense of a suit, which the patentee or his assignee may well afford to prosecute.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is noiv here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be; and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs, and damages at the rate of six per centum per annum.

THE UNTiED STATES, AFPELLANTS, v. THE MAYOR, ALDERIEN, AND
INHABITANTS OF THE CITIES OF PHILADELPHIA AND NEW ORTEANS.
The decision of this court in the United States v. Rleynes (9 Howard, 127), again affirmed, to wit, that under the acts of Congress of May 26, 1824 (4 Stat. at Large, 52), and June 17, 1844 (5 Stat. at Large, 676), the courts of the United States have no power to decide upon complete or perfect titles to land.
The contract made between the Baron de Bastrop and the Spanish government did not vest a perfect title in Bastrop, and therefore this court can exercise jurisdiction over the claim.

610

SUP1REME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

The grant of twelve leagues square, given to Bastrop by the Spanish governor, only pointed out the place where the families were to settle which Bastrop was to bring in. The land was destined and appropriated to this purpose. There were to be. five hundred families, who were to grow wheat, and Bastrop's interest was intended to be in the monopoly of manufacturing flour and exporting it to Havana and other places under the jurisdiction of the Spanish crown. With this view, he obtained separate grants for the bayous or mill-seats, and was bound to erect at least one mill within two years from the date of the grant.
The families which were introduced took their titles from the Spanish government,
and not from Bastrop. This case stands upon the same ground as the case of the United States v. King et
a], 7 Howard, 833.

THIS was an appeal from the District Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana.
It was a petition filed by the corporate authorities of the cities of Philadelphia and New Orleans, claiming a large body of land under a grant alleged to have been made by the Baron de Carondelet, the Spanish governor of Louisiana, in 1796 and 1797, to the Baronde Bastrop.
All the title-papers are set forth in the opinion of the court, and it is unnecessary to repeat them. The derivation of title to the petitioners in this case is explained in their petition, which, being short, may be inserted.
"To the Honorable -T. H. McCaleb, Judge of the District Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana.
"_The petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Philadelphia, and of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants of the City of New Orleans, respectfully represents:
"That in the year 1795 or 1796, in the now State of Louisiana, of which the Baron de Carondelet was governor-general and vice-patron, a grant was made to the -Baron de Bastrop, by the proper authorities, of a certain tract of land, twelve leagues square, lying on the Ouachita and Bayou Siard, to be located and surveyed, which was done in due and legal form, as by the annexed plot of survey, marked A, will more fully appear, which was afterwards approved and confirmed; your petitioners, for fuller information, refer to the documents published by authority of Congress, in Vol. II. State Papers, title Public Lands, page 772, No. 40; as also to the volume of land laws, published by Matthew St. Clair Clarke. page 951, &c., &c.
" Your petitioners further show, that on or about the 25th day of January, 1804, the said Baron de Bastrop conveyed to a certain Abraham Morehouse two thirds of the said tract, which was afterwards, by a compromise between'the said Bastrop, Morehouse, and a certain Charles Lynch, modified so that Morehouse became entitled to four tenths, and Lynch to

DECEMBER.TERM, 1850.

611

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

six tenths of said grant; which said six tenths were afterwards .conveyed to Edward Livingston, on the 18th day of September, 1807, as by documents marked B, C, D, E, and F, respec-
tively, will appear. , "And they also show, that on or about the 5th day of
March, 1810, at a sale made by order of T. C. Lewis, parish judge of the parish of Ouachita, 50,000 acres of the part assigned, and belonging to Abraham Morehouse, were seized and sold for taxes, when a certain Andrew Latting became the purchaser, and afterwards transferred to Andrew Morehouse
and George. Y. Morehouse, sons and lawful heirs of the said Abraham, and to Sophia L. Morehouse, Charles F. Morehouse, Ann M. Morehouse, and Eliza C. Morehouse, children also of the said Abraham, each the amount of 8,000 acres out of the 50,000 sold for taxes. That in 1813, the said Morehouse died, and thereby the remainder of the said property passed to his wife,'Abigail Young, and her two sons, Andrew and George, and that on or about the 13th of January, 1824, Stephen Girard purchased the shares of said Sophia L., Charles F., Ann M., and Eliza C., and in May, 1825, he purchased of George the 8,000 so to him conveyed; that the 2,000 remaining were, -by the said Latting, sold to Nathan Morse, in his own right and as attorney for R. R. Goelet who conveyed the same to a certain Thomas Lovell, who sold them to Stephen Girard, as will more fully appear by the documents herewith filed, and marked
G, H, I, J, K, KK, L, M, N, 0, P, Q, R.
"That in the autumn of the year 1815, Andrew, the elder son, died, unmarried and without issue, whereby his estate passed to his mother, Abigail, and his surviving brother, George.
"That the said George, as well in his ownright as in virtue of a power of attorney, duly executed by his mother, Abi-
gail, constituted and appointed a certain William Griffith, of Burlington, in the State of New Jersey, their agent and trustee, for the purpose of selling and disposing of their interest in the said lands, which he accordingly did, on or about the 29th of January, 1822, to the said Stephen Girard, Jamcr- Lyle, and
Robert E. Griffith; as also of 10,000 acres of the same parcel, held by the said Wm. Griffith and Richard S. Coxe, of George-
town, District of Columbia, about the 23d of January, 1824; that afterwards, viz. at the October term, 1827, of the Seventh Judicial District Court, in the parish of Ouachita, a partition
was decreed between the said Girard, Lyle, and Griffith, whereby the portioti of Girard was separated and set apart, as
by said decree and the documents marked Q R, S, T, U, V,
W, and X, herewith filed, will more fully appear. And your

612

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

petitioners further show, that the portion assigned, as above stated, to Edward Livingston, an amount of 12,600 acres, was,
by the said Girard, purchased, as per act herewith filed, and marked AA, about the 6th of November, 1819, from a certain John Carrier, of Baltimore, who purchased it from Samuel McKean of said city, being part of a larger parcel conveyed by the said Edward Livingston to Stephen Wante, by act marked
CC. "And they further show, that on or about the 22d of Novem-
ber, 1824, the said Stephen Girard purchased from John Hughes, of the parish of Ouachita, 4,300 acres of the same land, which, said Hughes had purchased at sheriff's sale, being a part of that assigned to Andrew Morehouse, as appears by the document marked DD, herewith filed.
"And they further show, that on or about the 9th day of February, 1824, the said Stephen Girard purchased at sheriff's sale, in 'the case of Brooks, Syndic, v. G. Hamilton, 23,694 acres, which the said Hamilton purchased from Andrew Y.
Morehouse, as by document EE, herewith filed, more fully appears.
"That on or about the 11th day of February, 1825, the said Stephen Girard purchased from Cesar McGlaughlin 4,000 acres of the same parcel, which the said McGlaughlin had purchased at the sheriff's sale in the said suit of Brooks, Syndic, v. Hamilton, which land the said Hamilton had acquired from the said Andrew Morehouse, in proof whereof he files the doc
ument FF. "That on or about the 29th of September, 1807, the said Ed-
ward Livingston transferred to John Adair a portion of said
lands, amounting to 75,000 acres. "That on or about the 17th of October, 1807, the said John
Adair conveyed to T. B. Franklin, of Ouachita, 2,340 acres of said land; and by act bearing date 11th February, 1828, the said T. B. Franklin conveyed the same to Stephen Girard, as per acts marked GG, HH, II, herewith filed, will more fully
appear. " Thatt by act bearing date 23d February, 1808, the said
Adair sold to Curry 10,000 acres of this part, which Curry conveyed to the said Girard on or about the 9th day of March,
1829; and, lastly, that on or about the 10th day of July, 1827, the said John Adair conveyed his remaining interest, amounting to 86,549 arpents, to the said Stephen Girard, whereby the latter became possessed of all the portion conveyed by the said Edward Livingston to the said John Adair; all which will more fully appear by documents LL, MM,
and NN.

DEGEMBER TERM, 1850.

613

The United Staea v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

"Your petitioners furt'ler show. that the said Stephen Girard, having first made his ill, departed this life on or about
the day of "That by his said will; -Lvh has been duly proved, and a
copy of which is herewith filed, and marked 00, he bequeathed to your petitioners the whole of his above-described property; from all which acts and deeds it results that your petitioners are the true and lawful owners of the said above-described
portions of the Bastrop grant; they allege that there is no other person or persons claiming the same, or any part thereof, by a different title from that of your petitioners; nor are there any person or persons holding possession of any part thereof otherwise than by the lease or permission of your petitioners. But that the United States deny their title thereto, and claim the whole of the lands contained within thn said Bastrop grant as part of the public domain.
"That the said title of the Baron de Bastrop has been partially submitted to the board of land commissioners, and by
theni reported oil unfavorably. "Wherefore your petitioners pray that the validity of their
title may be inquired into and decided upon; to which purpose the United States may be cited by their representative, the district attorney, and that they may be confirmed in their said title, with all other and further relief.
"GEO. STRAWBRIDGE,
P. SOULK',
Of counsel]i,r the citie5 of Philadelphiaand N Orleans."

There were ninety-sc pages of exhibits fLed with the petition. It is riot necessary to givd the substance either of them

or of the testimony which was afterwards collected by the pe-

titioners and the United States, because the question was de-

cided entirely upon the construction of the grant.

In the progress of'the case an order was made, on the motion

of the claimants, for a jury to try certain disputed facts, the court

reserving to itself "the decision upon the question of the validity

or sufficiency of said grant under the colonial laws and regula-

tions of Spain, in force in Louisiana at the date of the grant."

On the 8th of December, 1847, the following proceedings

took place.

"The trial of this cause was to-day resumed. The argu-

ment for the plaintiffs was opened by . Strawbridge, Esq.,

and closed by P. Soul6, Esq.; for the defendants, by Thomas

J. Durant, United States District Attorney. The argument be-

ing closed, the court charged the jury; Silvain Peyroux being,

appointed foreman, they retired to consider of their verdict.

voL. XT.

52

614

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

"After consultation, they returned into court with a verdict in
the words and figures following, to wit :-
"From and according to the evidence adduced in this case, we, the jury, find the following verdict :-
"1. That, in the year 1796 and 1797, a grant of twelve" leagues square of land, on the waters of the Bayou Liard or Siar and its vicinity, has been made by the Baron de Carondelet, as Governor-General of Louisiana, in favor of the Baron de Bastrop (according to the copies and plans thereof produced by the plaintiffs in evidence).
"2. That the location of said grant was, in pursuance of the orders of said governor, designated by Don Juan Filhiol, commandant of Ouachita, or by Don Carlos Laveau Trudeau, Surveyor-General of the Province of Louisiana; and that said Baron de Bastrop did, with the consent and approbation of the grantors, take possession of the land so granted, and proceed
in carrying out the objects of said grant. "3. That the conditions annexed to said grant, particularly
that of introducing a given number of families and settling them on said'grant, were fulfilled as far as-the government could allow the said Bastrop, and that if said conditions were not fulfilled in whole, the non-fulfilment thereof was owing to the act and order of the grantors.
"4. Tfiat a plan of survey of said grant was made by Carlos Laveau Trudeau, Surveyor-General of the Province of Louisiana, and was confirmed in the year 1797 by the Baron de Carondelet, Governor-General of said Province.
" SILv. PEYROuX Foremanof the fitry. "New Orleans,81h December, 1847."

The cause was then taken up by the court. The attorney for the United States filed a supplemental answer, denying the right of the petitioners, to which a general replication was put in.
On the 23d of 'March, 1848, the trial of the cause was commenced before the court; the testimony was submifted to the court, and the argument of counsel on the part of the plaintiffs and defendants was concluded.
On the 31st of May, 1848, the following judgment was rendered, and entered of record :-
"This cause came on to be heard at the December term of the court, and was argued by counsel; and thereupon, upon an dttentive consideration of the law and evidence, and the court being satisfied that the concession of twelve leagues square of land, situated on the waters of the River Ouachita and the

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

615

The United State' v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

Bayous Bartholomew and Siard, in the Province of Louisiana, made in the years 1796 and 1797, by the Baron de Carondelet, then GovernoT-General of said Province, to the Baron de Bastrop, and commonly known as the "Bastrop grant," was a good, valid, and lawful grant to the said Baron de Bastrop, by a legal title in form, made by the Spanish authorities, and was protected and secured to him as his private property by the treaty between the United States and the French republic of
the 30th of April, 1803. "That the mayor, aldermen, and inhabitants of the cities of
Philadelphia and New Orleans have proved a, good title in themselves to those portions of said 'Bastrop grant' claimed
in their petition, derived-by various mesne conveyances from the original grantee and owner, the Baron de Bastrop.
"It is ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the mayor, alder-
men, and inhabitants of the cities of Philadelphia and New Orleans, in their several corporate capacities as citi.s, be declared the true and lawful owners of, and entitled to recover from the United States, the following-described tracts of land situated within the limits of the said grant, and be for ever quieted and confirmed as against the United States in the
ownership and possession of the same, to wit :"Thirty-two thousand arpents of land acquired by Stephen
Girard from Charles F. Morehouse, Ann M. Morehouse, Lucret'a C. Morehouse, Eliza C. Sterling, and the heirs of Sophia L. Morehouse, by act of the 13th of January, 1824, before Oli-
ver . Morgan, parish judge and ex officio notary public for the parish of Oilachita.
"Two thousand arpents of laud, more or less, acquired by Stephen Girard. from Thomas Lovell, by act of the 9th of March, 1826, acknowledged before C. Pollock, notary public in and for the city of New Orleans, and ratified by said Lovell by act of the 3d of October, 1826, before Samuel G. Raymond,
notary public in and for the State of New York. "1Eightthousand arpents of land acquired by Stephen Girard
from George Y. Morehouse and Martha, his wife, by act of the 28th of April, 1825, before Thomas Adams, notary public in and for the State of New Jersey, at Burlington, in said State.
"Seventy-four thousand one hundred and sixty-seven arpents of land, more or less, acquired by the said Stephen Girard by a decree of partition between said Girard, James Lyle, and Robert E. Griffith, rendered in the year 1827 at the October term of the Seventh Judicial District Court for the parish of Ouachita, by the Honorable J. H. Overton, judge, in the suit entitled Stephen Girard v. Robert E. Griffith and the Representatives of James Lyle. The whole, according to the judgment and figurative plans of partition, filed in the aforesaid suit.

616

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.
"All the share of Stephen Girard'(ten tiventy-first parts) in that part of four hundred and twenty-six thousand arpents of land, more or less, which has not been comprised in the afore-' said decree of partition, rendered in October, 1827, and which
was acquired by Stephen Girard, James Lyle, and Robert E. Griffith, as tenants in common, from George Y. Morehouse and Abigail Morehouse, and their trustee William Griffith, by' conveyance of the 29th of January, 1822, acknowledged on the same day before Thomas Adams, notary public in and for the State of New Jersey, at Burlington, in said State.
" Twelve thousand five hundred arpents of land acquired by Stephen Girard from John Carriere and Mary, his wife, by act of the 6th of November, 1819, before John Gill, notary public at Baltimore, in the State of Maryland.
"Four thousand three hundred arpents of land acquired by Stephen Girard by virtue of an act made before Oliver J. Morgan, parish judge and ex officio notary- public for the parish of
Ouachita, on the 22d of November, 1824. "Twenty-three thousand nine hundred and sixty-four arpents
of land acquired by Stephen Girard from George Hamilton, byvirtue of a judicial sale thereof made by Jonathan Morgan,
sheriff of the parish of Ouachita, on the 9th day of February, 1825, by virtue of a Writ of execution issued at the suit of the syndics of Edward Brooks.
"Four thousand arpents of land acquired by Stephen Girard from Cmsar McLauchlin by act of the 11th of February, 1825, before Oliver J. Morgan, parish judge and ex officio notary public for the parish of Ouachita.
"Two thousand three hundred and forty arpents of land acquired by Stephen Girard from Thomas B. Franklin, by private act of the 11th of February, 1828, recognized on or about the 14th of March, 1828, before Oliver J. Morgan, parish judge and ex officio notary public for the parish of Ouachita.
"Thirty-six thousand five hundred and forty-nine arpents of land, more or less, acquired by Stephen Girard from John Adair, by act of the 10th of July, 1822, before Oliver J. Morgan, parish judge and ex officio notary public for the parish of Oua-
chita. " Ten thousand acres of land acquired by Stephen Girard
from John Casey, by act of the 9th of March, 1829, before Oliver J. Morgan, parish.judge and e.x officio notary public for the parish of Ouachita. Judgment signed June 12th, 4848.
"THEo. H. MCCALEB, U S. Judge."

From this decree the United States, appealed to this court. The appeal was argued by Mr1T'. Crittenden (Attorney-General),

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

617

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

for the United States, and by 11Mr. Strawbridge and 3r. ioulj, on behalf of the appellees, with whom was .Mr. John Sergean, representing the city of Philadelphia.

31r. Crittendenmade the following points. 1st. That the original concession to Bastrop (if any was ever made), or if not the original, then at least an official and authentic copy thereof, ought to have been produced, and was indispensable and essential to the maintenance of the claim of
the complainants, and that without it their bill ought to have
been dismissed. 2d. That the testimony which was offered and admitted for
the purpose was inadmissible, and if admissible, was insufficient to establish the alleged grant to Bastrop, to prove its loss, or to warrant the introduction of secondary evidence for proof of said grant. The more, especia4y, as the claimants had not, in their petition, alleged its loss, or their inability to produce it, and had not, therefore, by their allegations, laid any foundation for the introduction of the testimony they were allowed
to give. 3d. That the evidence which was offered and admitted to go
to the jury, as to the former existence of said grant, or as to its loss, was illegal, and ought not to have been admitted on the
trial; and, furthermore, that the verdict is not warranted by the evidence, and is in itself bad; finding conclusions of law,
instead of matters of fact. But, 4thly and chiefly, it will be insisted that the.concession
relied on by the claimants is not a concession to Bastrop, under whom they claim, and confers on him no title to the land
in controversy. It is in its object and purpose, and in all material particulars, if not in terms and words, identical with that which was relied upon as a concession to the Marquis de Maison-Rouge, in the case of the United States v. King and Coxe, and was therein adjudged and decided by this court not to be
a grant or concession to the said Maisbn-Rouge. 7 How. 830. The decision made in respect to the Maison-Rouge conces-
sion is supposed to be in point and decisive against the pretended concession to Bastrop, and against the present claimants.

In addition to his own argument, 31r. Crittenden sanctioned and adopted the following view, prepared by the District Attorney, which the reporter prefers to his. own notes of the oral argument.
Every plaintiff who brings his suit against the United States under the act of 26th May, 1824, must show a claim to land founded either on a grant, concession, warrant, or order of
52*

618

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia an New Orleans

survey. The plaintiffs here allege their claim to be founded on a grant from the Baron de Carondelet to Bastrop; and if he made such a grant, it can scarcely be denied that their claim is good. His authority was competent; the date of the instrument
brings it within the time prescribed by the first section of the
act above quoted, and Bastrop was an 'inhabitant of the province at the time. It is believed that a fair examination of the instrument relied on will bring us to the conclusion, that there was not, and was not intended to be, any grant of land person-. ally to Bastrop; and that he himself never asked for any land; that what is alleged to be a grant of land to Bastrop is, in truth, nothing but a contract entered into with him by the colonial governnment, whereby, for certain benefits and advantages stipulated in his favor, he was to undertake the personal trouble of bringing into the province, at the expense of the government, five hundred families of French royalists, to be settled on a defined tract of country, twelve leagues square, for the purpose of cultivating wheat; each of the families to receive a grant of four hundred arpents of land, and Bastrop to enjoy
the monopoly of grinding the wheat at the flouring-mills he had already established on the Ouachita, and exporting flour ftee of duty to' Havana; but not the slightest mention is made, either expressly or by implication, of any land granted to Bas-
trop himself. The documents on which this claim rests, besides being iii the
record as already noted, may be found in a convenient shape in Matthew St. Clair Clarke's compilation of the laws of the United States in relation to Public Lands. Washington,
Gales & Seaton, 1828, p. 951 et seq. The first is the petition of Bastrop to Carondelet. This states
Bastrop's intention of proceeding to the United States to
procure the emigrant families; urges the necessity of the goverment's designating a district twelve leagues square, in which the families should be placed; points out the object of their introduction, to cultivate wheat and prevent the introduction of negroes; asks permission to export the flour to Havana; and declares that the government should pay the expenses'of
bringing in the families. Now, this is not a petition for a grant of land, nor any thing
like it; there are no words in the document by which the 'Baron de Carondelet, or any one else readi4" it, could possibly understand that Bastrop desired any land for himself. It
will be seen by it that Bastrop had formed an establishment on the Ouachita. "The introduction of negroes and the making
of indigo in that district," he says, "would cause your petitioner irrevocably to lose the expenses of his establishment." His

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

619

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

object is to increase the population in the vicinity with such settlers as would be useful to him, viz. those who cultivate
wheat; a grant of land, no matter how large, to himself would not answer his purpose; it is not land he wants, but families; and he has not means, a royalist refugee himself, to bring these
families into the province; he therefore prays the government to pay the expenses of their transportation hither. But the families themselves would not come simply for the purpose of promoting the interested views of Bastrop. What then-? He prays the government to induce them to come by a gratuity of f6ur hundred arpents of land to each family. It is plain, then, that Bastrop does not ask for any land for himself in so many words, nor does he by implication; but he asks that concessions should be made to the settlers. Now, had he intended
to ask for the land for himself, why should he pray that the government should make concessions to the settlers out of the
very land which was all to be given to him, and when he himself could, if his pretended prayer were granted, give them as much as he pleased himself? With what grace could he think of asking for so unusual and enormous a grant of land for him-
self, when not only was he offering to do nothing personally for the government, but is calling upon it to incur heavy expenses in bringing in the immigrants, whose labor was to be highly beneficial to himself, and to grant him peculiar commercial
favors and privileges not accorded to other inhabitants of the province. Bastrop, then, asks for no land for himself. Does Carondelet grant him any?
The next document (on page 952) will answer. It is the decree of Carondelet on the foregoing petition, and, as was usual, indorsed on the petition itself. Its terms are entirely
responsive to the prayer. There is not one of them, and no
word of them, indicating a grant of land to Bastrop himself personally, or insinuating in the lightest degree that Carondelet
supposed that Bastrop had asked him for any land. He recognizes the advantages which will flow from Bastrop's project; directs the commandant of Ouachita to designate the twelve leagues square, - not which are to be granted to Bastrop, and such would have been the expression had a grant been intended, -but "for the purpose of placing thereon the families which the Baron may direct"; undertakes to pay the expenses of the families, and limits the number to be brought in to five hundred. The conclusion of this decree is fully expressive of the intention of the governor, and demonstrates, if farther proof were indeed
necessary, that he had none of giving land to Bastrop. The
words are these: "After the lapse of three years, if the major
part of the establishment shall not have been made good, the

620

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v.Philadelphia vnd New Orleans.

twelve leagues square destined for those whom the petitioner may place there shall be occupied by the families which first present themselves." Here we have the destination of the twelve leagues square plainly stated, and it is not to be the
property of Bastrop.
The next document will be found on the same page, 952. It is in the form of an approval by Carondelet of the location of the twelve leagues square, made by the surveyor-general, Trudeau, and declares that "we," the governor, "do destine and appropriate the aforesaid twelve leagues, in order thdt the said Baron de Bastrop may establish there, in the manner and under the conditions expressed in the said petition and decree."
This was the order given by Carondelet after the survey had been made, and, equally with the decree upon Bastrop's petition, contains no words that can be construed into a grant of land to him. If these instruments, on which alone the plaintiffs' claims rest, so far as the twelve leagues square are concerned, contain no words of grant, nor any words equivalent thereto, how can plaintiffs recover?
By the common law, "Grants, concessions," are "the regular method of transferring the property of incorporeal here. ditaments, or such things whereof no livery can be had." '" It therefore differs but little from a feoffment, except in its subjectmatter; for the operative words therein commonly used are
dedi et concessi, have given and granted." See 2 Blackstone's Commentaries, 317. So "a feoffment" "is the most ancient method of conveyance, the most solemn and public, and therefore the most easily remembered and proved. And it may be properly defined a gift of any corporeal hereditament to another." "The aptest word of feoffment is do or dedi." See 2 Blackstone's Commentaries, p. 310. The commoi law author here lays down, not only the principle of his own system, but of universal reason; for it is a maxim, applicable to all systerns and known in all idioms, that no one is easily to be presumed to give away what belongg to him. Nemo facile presumitur donare. Governed by the reason of this maxim, the common law requires expressly, in the concession of corporeal or incorporeal hereditaments, absolute words of gift; and, governed by.the same reason, every tribunal, no matter where sitting or -under what system, will decide that A has not given any thing to B. by written oonveyance, unlss the instrument useswords of g ift) or words implying gift, and equivalent to it. Measured by this standard, the instrument relied on as a grant of land to Bastrop utterly fails.
It would bp quite impossible to find any instrument, which has ever been decided by the courts of the United Statest.o be

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

621

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

a valid grant of lands, that did not contain the express words of grant. To suppdrt this position, any case may be looked into which came up to the Supreme Court of the United States
from Florida or Missouri, under the laws permitting parties to bring suit to test the validity of their, claims to lands in those States. We may cite U. States v. Arredondo, 6 Peters 692; Same v. Percheman, 7 lb. 54; Same v. Clark, 8 Ib.440; Same v. Richard, 8 lb. 471; Same v. Hernandez, 8 lb. 485; Same v. Delassus, 9 lb. 123, 124; Same v. Clark, 9 lb. 168; Same v. Burgoin, 13 lb. 85; Same v. Arredondo, 13 lb. 133; Same v. Rodman, 15 lb. 136; Same v. Delespine, 15 lb. 231.
Every one of these has, in express terms, what the Bastrop claim has not, either expressly or by implication,- direct words
of grant.
Under the system of rules and regulations adopted by Spain
for the settlement and disposal of the public lands of her colo-
nies, contracts between the government and individuals for the introduction of settlers, of which this contract with Bastrop is one, were well known. They sometimes contained a grant of land .o the contractor, and sometimes not; the former was an incident, and not of the essence of the contract, and many were
made without it. As an illustration, attention is called to the case of the United States v. Arredondo and others, 6 Peters,
692. In this case, Arredondo and son present a petition t6 the Intendant, Don Alexander "Ramirez, offering to form an estab-
lishment of two hundred families at a place called Alachua, which they undertook to bring in at their own cost, provided they should obtain, in absolute property, a grant of four leagues of land. 'Whereupon Almirez issues his decree, int which he uses these words: "I grant to them the part which they solicit of the said tract belonging to the royal domain."
Here is the most striking contrast to, or indeed the very opposite of, the petition and decree in the Bastrop case. Arredondo asks for a grant of land to himself; Bastrop does not.
Ramirez grants to Arredondo a tract of land. Carondelet uses no such word in relation to Bastrop. Bastrop and Arredondo are both petitioning officers of the same government, acting under the same system of laws; but their petitions are different, and the decrees are different. How, then, can' they both be
made to mean the same thing? In looking further into the Bastrop papers (see Laws relat-
ing to the Public Lands, p. 953), we find a petition from
Bastrop to Carondelet, dated New Orleans, June 12, 1797, fully two years after the original petition praying to be al-
lowed to bring in his settlers, and in this "he begs a grant, along the Bayou Bartholomew from its source to its mouth, of

622

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

six toises on each bank, to construct upon them the mills and
works he may find necessary," &c.; and on the same page is found the decree of Carondelet on this second petition, saying: "I grant him, in the name of his Majesty, and by virtue of the
authorities which he has conferred upon me, liberty to
the Bayou Siar." "I also grant him the exclusive enjoyment of six toises of ground on each side of t~qe Bayou Barthelemi, from its source to its mouth." Now, if there were nothing else, this alone would be conclusive against the construction attempted to be put upon the petition of Bastrop and de-
cree of Carondelet -in1795, by which the plaintiffs claim a grant of twelve leagues square; for on examining the plat of survey of Trudeau of the said twelve leagues square, it
will. be found that this very Bayou Bartholomew runs right through the middle of it. Hence the fact is clearly demon-
strated, that the proceedings in 1795 were not a grant of land, because, if granted to him already in 1795, Bastrop certainly would not pray, in 1797, for a grant of six toises on each side
of the Bayou Bartholomew, as the decree in 1795 would already have given him, not only six toises, but many miles deep on both sides of that bayou. Note, too, the mode in
which Bastrop asks for these six toises; he thinks it necessary to apologize for making so large a demand. "This request, Sir," says he, "will not be considered exorbitant, when you are pleased to observe that your petitioner, who will expend in thiese works twenty thousand dollars, will be exposed, without
these grants, to lose all the fruits of his labors." How ridiculous to suppose that a man, who had already asked for and
dbtained one hundred and forty-four square miles, would
think i necessary to excuse himself for making a modest and reasonable -application for six toises! How still more ridiculous to suppose that a man, who had already obtained a grant of twelve leagues square, would within two years apply for a
grant of six "toisesof the very same land, included in the very
same twelve leagues square'
The foregoing considerations would appear to be conclusive against the plaintiffs' claim; but another may be added, of
importance not only in this, but in many other suits brought against .the United States. If this be, as plaintiffs allege, a grant to Bastrop, was the grant perfect or inchoate at the date of the cession of the country to the United State.s ? If the grant -xere perfect before that time, then it does not come
under the act of 26th May, 1824. Such a grant was protected 'by the treaty of Paris ; it had no need of an act of Congress to assist it; it has been repeatedly decided by the tribunals of Louisiana, and the principle is recognized by the Supreme

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

623

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

Court of the United States, that a party claiming land by virtue of a Spanish'or French grant, perfected before the cession, could maintain successfully his action of ejectment against. a possessor under a subsequent title, even if that title were a patent from the United States. The act of 1824, therefore, was not intended to afford parties an opportunity to sue the United States in cases where those parties could have relief against individuals in possession, but to grant a remedy to
those whose rights were not perfected at the date of the treaty, and whose claims were of such a character as, though imp6rfect,
were binding on the conscience of our predecessors; and t6 those whose claims, even when perfect grants, were derived from the officers of Spain who remained in possession of the country subsequently to the treaty of St. fldefonso, 3p to th, date of the actual surrender of the province to the authorities
of the United States, all such grants, without exception, having
been declared null and void, except certain cases of actual settlers, by the stringent provisiois of the 14th section of the act
of March 26th, 1804, entitled "An Act erecting Louisiana into two Territories, and. providing for the temporary government thereof." 2 Statutes at Large, 287.
But if this claim of Bastrop were only an inchoate grant at the time of the cession, then it is incumbent -on the plaintiffs to show that it was prevented from being perfected by the transfer-of the country to the United States; for the first section. of the act of 26th May, 1821 (4 Statutes at Large, 52), provides, among other requisites of the claims whose validity may be tested in the District Courts of the United States, this one, -that they "might have been perfected into a complete title, -under and in conformity to the laws, usages, and customs of the government under which the same originated, had not the
sovereignty of the country been transferred to the United States",; showing that Congress only intended the United States to be sued (for this is a law which must be construed strictly in favor of the government) in those cases where the transfer of the country prevented the perfection of the plaintiff's
title. Now it'is incumbent on the plainti 's t6 show that such was the fact. In the present case, however, it is clear that, as the Spanish officers were in possession of the country during more than eight years after the commencement of Bastrop's proceedings, if be ever had a grant, he could within that time have got it completed, and as he did not, the cause must lie in some other circumstance than the transfer of the sovereignty to
the United States; he fails, therefore,- in one of the essential features of all suits that can be brought under this act of.
Congress.

624

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.
On the.part of the appellees there were three elaborate briefs filed, by Mr. Srawbridge,Mr. &ouls, and Mr. &rgeant, and the case was fully argued orally by the two first-named counsellors. From all these materials, the reporter is perplexed to make a selection to present to the reader. Each of the counsel covered the whole ground in his argument. The two most essential points were, 1st, the power of the GovernorGeneral to make such a grant, and the laws under .which it was made; and 2d, what was the nature of the contract or grant. As bearing more particularly upon the first, the views of Mr. Strawbridge are presented, and upon the second, those of Mr. &ulJ.

After examining the various muniments of title Mr. &rawbridge proceeded as follows.
Such are the title-deeds proper of the "Bastrop grant." To
any person conversant with the ancient Spanish laws, its character and object are unmistakably obvious. Philip Henry Yeri de Bastrop was what is termed a poblador or colonizer.
The word, as defined by Salva, signifies "he who peoples; founder of a colony,- urbium seu coloniarum conditor." His
contract was of a kind familiar to the laws of Spain. It was
the policy of that country, as it is now the policy of our own, to encourage the population of her vast and magnificent
realms, which lay almost valueless until their resources could be developed' under the influence of civilization. One of the most ready, as well as least expensive, means of effecting this object was, by granting large tracts of land to the hardy and enterpising adventurers who were willing to follow fortune into
the unexplored wilderness of the New World,, whether singly or bringing followers in their train. To such, the reward would naturally be proportionate to the services rendered. Every
man became an acquisition to the country, and as land cost
nothing to the crown, it was liberally bestowed. To men of note, or eminent for their services, a province formed no very generous guerdon. Cort6s received a principality; other conquerors, discoverers, and colonizers were rewarded with grants
of various extent and value. The solitary emigrant, even without friends or influence, had only to ask in order to receive, on easily performed conditions, such as actual cultivation and occupancy, an ample property in fee simple to him and his. heirs for ever. All grants were held by mere allodial tenure, and were almost invariably irrevocable; always so in the absence of any clause to the contrary. They were greater in
New than in Old Spain.
" Our ancient legislators," writes Guarinbs, Historia de Vin.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

625

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

cuos y l\Iayorazgos (Entails and Primogeniture), chap. 11, p.

150, "to repeople, cultivate, and defend the lands they con-

quered, endeavored to establish (arraigar) upon them families

of all classes, by means of great favors, franchises,, and dona-

tions. The spaces of lands, allotments, and caballeriaswere

not equal in all places, varying greatly, according to the greater

or less extent of the territory, the importance of its repeopling,

its situation more or less immediate to enemies, and other cir-

cumstances. For this reason the caballerias(a knight's share

or fee) and peonias (a foot-soldier's share) were much more

liberal generally than in Spain."

The pobladores were specially favored. For their services

in introducing emigrants, and settling them in districts allotted

to their reception, they not only became entitled on perform-

ance of their contracts to such portion of the designated tracts

as was not reserved to the use of the subordinate colonists, or,

if none had been actually marked out, a concession varying

according to the express or implied terms of the contract, and

the importance of the colony; but they were also rewarded

with numerous marks of honor and distinction. The celebrat-

ed body of laws, known as the Recopilacion'de las Indias,

promulgated about 1680, for the regulation and government of

the Hispano-American possessions, and repealing or supersed-

ing all contrary enactments, so far as concerned those coun-

tries, treats expressly of colonizers, colonists, and colonies. By

Tom. II.book 4, title 5, law 11, pobladores, their heirs or chil-

dren, became vested with full civil and criminal jurisdiction

over their respective colonies, with the power of appointing al-

caldes and other inferior officers. By various laws of the follow-

ing title of the same work, they were exempted from imposts

and taxation, privileged to wear armor offensive and defensive,

recommended to the special care and favor of all governors

and viceroys, and to honorable promotion of every kind, and

ranked among the nobility of the land. The chapter in ques-

tion is curious; it contains not a law that does not confer some

mark of favor or distinction'on discoverers and colonizers, so

highly were their services esteemed.

Between those who colonized the country, and ,those who

founded cities, towns, &c., a distinction was drawn, and the

rules respecting them and their rights vary, but not materially.

Title sixth of the Recopilacion de las Indias, treats, as jgst ob-

served, of the honors and preferments conferred on both alike;

title seventh, chiefly of urban settlements; and title fifth, prin-

cipally of rural colonies and their colonizers. It is this title

which I propose briefly to translate and examine, as from its

provisions it will be at once perceived that the rights of the-

voL. XT.

53-

626

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

principal colonizer to the surplus of land in a poblacion or settlement, after his colonists had been located, was a legal right, incident to the contract, arising out of the law itself, and wholly independent of and unimpaired by the absence or presence of words of conveyance to him in the instrument of
concession. The first five laws of the fifth title relate merely to the selec-
tion of good, healthy, and accessible lands and localities, to the salaries of officers, the employment of Indians, &c., &c.; and, like very many of these laws, are only recommendatory in their provisions. A translation of them, more classic than close, may be found at p. 33 of the Appendix to Vol. II. of the Land Laws, compiled by Matthew St. Clair Clarke in virtue of a resblution of the House of Representatives of March 1st,
1833, and also in Vol. IL p. 44, of the book known as White's Recopilacion. I quote, however, from an original Spanish edition, printed at'Madrid in 1756, by authority.
Lib. 4, tit. 5, Law 6 -" If the fitness of the country should afford opportunity for colonizing some town witch Spaniards? with a council of ordinary alcaldes and r'iedores, and there should be a person who will undertake a contract to settle it,
let the agreement be made, with these requisites: That within the period which may be allotted to him he shall have at least thirty inhabitants, and each one of them a house, ten breeding cows, four oxen, or two oxen and two young bulls; one breeding mare, one breeding sow, twenty breeding ewes of Castile,
and six hens and a cock. He shall in like manner nominate a priest, who may administer the Holy Sacraments,'who shall, the first time, be of his own selection, and afterwards according to our royal presentation; and he shall provide the church
with ornaments and articles necessary to divine service. And he shall give security that he will accomplish it within the time aforesaid; and if he do not complete it, let him forfeit what he
may have built, constructed, and cultivated, which we appropriate to our royal-patrimony; and let him, moreover, incur a fine of a thousand dollars of gold for our exchequer. And if he should fulfil'his obligation, let there be given to him four
leagues of boundary and territory, in a square or oblong, according to the quality of the land, of such form that, if the limits should be marked out, they may make four leagues square; with this requisite, that the limits of said territory should be distant at least five leagues from any city, town, or
village whatever of Spaniards, and that prejudice be done to no village of Indians or to a private individual."
The next law relating to rural colonies is to 'be construed in connection with the preceding, as appears by the context.
It runs thus, including the caption :

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

627

The United States v. Philadelphia and Neew Orleans.

Law 7tb. "That there being a contract for a greater or smaller nimber of inhabitants, it is to be granted with boundaries and territory corresponding, and with the same conditions."
"If there be any one who will obligate himself to make a new settlement in the manner provided, of more or less than thirty inhabitants, providing there be not less than ten, let there be granted to hit boundaries and territory proportionate, and with the same conditions."
Now, if the introduction of thirty families entitled a poblador to a tract of four leagues square, how many leagues would he
be entitled to on introducing 500? De Bastrop was evidently restricted by the terms of his contract from claiming all that he might have claimed in the absence of a special allotment by metes and boiunds.
The 8th law simply provides that the children and relatives of colonists are also to be considered as settlers, if married.
Law 9th. " That the chief poblador shall contract with each individual who may enrol himself to settle."
" In the contracts for new settlements, which the governor, or the person who may have that power in the Indies, may make with a city, adelantado, alcalde, mayor, or corregidor, the person who may take the contract shall do likewise with each
one of the individuals who may enroll themselves to settle, and shall obligate himself to give in the settlement designated lots for building houses, arable and pasture lands, in such quantity
of peon ias and caballeriasas each one of the settlers may obligate himself to construct, so that he do not exceed or give to each one more than five peonias,nor more than three caballerias,according to the distinction, difference, and measure" expressed in the laws of the title on the distribution of lands, lots, and waters."
Law 10th. "That when there is no private colonizer, but married inhabitants, the settlement is granted to them, provided they be not fewer than ten."
"WWhen some particular individuals shall unite in making a new settlement, and there shall be the requisite number of
married men for the purpose, let permission be given them, so that they be not fewer than ten married men; and let boundaries and territory be given to them, according to what has been already said; and we grant them power to elect among
themselves ordinary alcaldes and annual officers of the council of the settlement."
Analogous to the above are some laws from book 4, title 7, of the Recopilacion, concerning the colonization of cities and
towns (not rural colonies, like the present). Law 7th. "That thetract is divided between him who makes
the contract and the settlers, as is ordained."

628

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

" The tract and territory that may be givein to a colonizer by contract is divided out in the following manner: let there be first taken what may be necessary for lots of the settlement,
and suitable commons and pasture-grounds in which the cattle which the inhabitants must have may graze abundantly, and as much more for the corporation larlds of the place; the rest of the tract and territory is to be divided into four parts; that part which he may select shall belong to him -who is obliged to make the settlement, and the other three are to be divided out by lot equally to the settlers."
The other laws of this title relate chiefly to the size and arrangement of streets, squares, churches, dwellings, &c., and must be considered, not as imperative and stricly obligatory, but merely recommendatory in their provisions. Among others, the 25th law confers that power of prorogation of contracts
which was necessarily exercised, as a mere matter of justice, by the Baron de Carondelet, in consequence of the arbitrary order contained in his official letter of June 18th, 1797 -
" If by reason of the occurrence of some fortuitous event, the colonizers should not have completed the settlement within the time specified in the contract, let them not lrse what they may have expended or erected, nor let them incur the penalty; and the person governing the country may prolong it as the
-case may require." -Lastly, I quote from book 4, tit. 12, law 4, of the same Reco-
pilacion, concerning the sale, composition, and distribution of lands, lots, and waters.
Law 4th. "That the viceroys may give lands and lots to
those who go to colonize." "If in the discovered parts of the Indies there should be
some sites and districts so good that it may be proper to found settlements, and some persons should apply to make a contract and form a colony on them, in order that with better will and usefulness they may do so, let the viceroys and presidents give them, in our name, lots, lands, and waters, in conformity to the situation of the couritry, so that it be not to the prejudice of a third person, and be for such time as may be our will." *

* The following was cited, also, to show the power of the Spanish governors to
make such grants as that to Bastrop, and that no confirmation by the king was necessary. It was omitted in the translation of the laws annexed to White's Rleco-
pilacion and Clarke's Land Laws. Book 4, tit. 1, law 4, Laws of Indies. "Of Discoveries." ""We establish and command that no person, of whatever state and condition he
may be, shall of his own authority make any discovery by land or sea, nor entry, new settlement, or stock-farm in what has been or is to be discovered in our Indies, without our permission and provision, or that of whoever may have our power to grant it, under penalty of death, and of forfeiture of all his property for our chamber. And we command the viceroys, audiences, governors, and other authorities, not to give permission to make new discoveries without consulting us, and having our

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

629

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

Other laws in pari materia exist. By law 24, tit. 3, lib. 4,
the chief colonizer is authorized to establish the right of primogeniture and entail to all that may have been granted to him. By law 3, fit. 5, lib. 4, they are authorized to cqnvey to each settler .a sub-concession not exceeding five peonias, or four caballerias. Atid from the definition of these measures contained in law 1,tit. 2, of the same Recopilacion, as well as from Escrieha,, Dictionario de la Jurisprudencia, verb. "Medida,"
where he gives the relative proportions of Spanish measures, it is apparent that De Bastrop contracted to narrow down very
materially his own sub-concessions below the legal maximum. Although it might seem, from the closing sentence of the law
last recited, that grants to pobladores were revocable at will, such, nevertheless, was not the case, unless some clause to that effect had been especially reserved in the deed of concession.
By book 3, tit. 5, law 1, of the Novissima Recopilacion de Castilla, and book 3, tit. 12, law 8, of the Fuero Real, which embody the general laws of the realm, it is provided that gifts bestowed by the king cannot be revoked without the fault of the grantee, and pass to his heirs. So by 4th Febrero, part 2, lib. 2, cap. 2, § 3, and No. 115, it is held, that royal donations should be liberally construed; and if such a donation be made to two persons conjointly, and one of them die without heirs, his portion accrues to the surviving donee. In like manner, law 234, page 74, of the Leyes del Estilo, declares, that he who receives a donation from the crown may do with it as he pleases. And Elizondo, in tom. 5, part 2, cap. 6, § 8, writes: " There is no doubt that thing-; which sovereigns bestow upon any person, they cannot aftprwards deprive them of, nor prevent them from doing with as they may desire, as well as with their other property; more particularly if the gift be conferred on account of the merit of the person favored, the donation rising then to the force etfa contract."
The kings of Spain themselves have repeatedly disclaimed any such power of issuing letters-revocatory. "Let such letters, if obtained, so far as regards their abrogation or derogation, or any other thing therein contained, whereby the just and legal rights of-a party are taken away, be of no avail, nor have any force or vigor whatever; let such letter be as if it had never been given or obtdined' -Montalvo, Ordenanzas Reales de

special license. Bat wnere the country may have been already discovered. and peaceful, we permit them to give leave within their jurisdictions to make the settle-
ments (po~taciones) that may be fit, observing the laws of this book, provided that, when the settlement is made, they send us forthwith a report of what they may have. executed; and as to the power of viceroys for new discoveries, let the 28th law, tit. 3, lib. 3, be observed in the cases which it comprises."
63*

630

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

Castilla, lib. 3, tit. 14, law 7, p. 723; also tit. 12, p. 672, &c.,
and p. 678, whence I quote. Of the powers of governors-general to grant lands and to con-
tract for their colonization, I believe there can be no doubt whatever. The very laws referred to not only authorize, but reqiiire it. By various other statutes of tom. 2, lib. 3, tit. 3, of the Recopilacion de las Indias, viceroys and governors of the American provinces of Spain are invested with nearly all the authority of royalty itself. No modern procuration could be more plenary than the second law of this title; no ukase or firman more imperative in commanding obedience to them on the part of Spanish subjects. It confers powers without other limit or restriction than may be provided by law; the viceroy may do all that he is not specially and directly prohibited from doing. And we learn from De Mesa, Arte Historica y Legal, lib. 2, No. 91, that the titles of viceroy, captain or commandant general, and governor political and military, are synony-
mous. The question of their power to grant has been repeatedly settled. See De Armas et al. v. The Mayor, 5 La. Rep. 132; Arredondo's case, 6 Peters, 728; Delassus v. The United States, 9 Peters, 117; Chouteau's Heirs v. The United States, 9 Peters, 147 ; Pollard's Lessee v. Files, 2 Howard, 591 ; Soulard et al. v. The United States, 4 Peters, 591. A forliorithey had the power to alienate lands of the royal domain for a valuable consideration.
Such are the Spanish laws under which this grant was made, and by which its intent, meaning, and validity must be tested. They had not merely such force as the common law of England exercised over her colqnies, but were enacted expressly for the government of all thb American possessions of the Spanish crown. They may strike is as strange or unwise, yet are not the less valid on that account, and certainly must
appear less extraordinary to an American court than the forms and provisions of the common law would seem'to a Spanish tribunal, when a discussion should arise about an entailed es-
tate, with its fines, contingent remainders, and common recoveries. De Bastrop's grant is assailed and treated as void for
the alleged absence of words of conveyance, as if it had origi-
nated under the common la-&. Yet, were such words wholly wanting, which is not the case, the clear and unequivocal laws under which it was really made supply that want, and interpret the meaning and effect of the deeds. They form, so to speak, the constitution of the grant; and such as they were impressed upon it at its birth, they must ever continue. But cQuld any Spanish tribunal, uninitiated, ever so far penetrate the antiquated nonsense of a writ of ejectment as to discover

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

631

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleams.

its real object and effect, plain as it may be to men versed in
the common law? And when, on referring for information to the lawyers of the land, the Spaniard should discover that the
object of a common recovery suffered by a tenant in tail was to effect what was most positively prohibited by law (Blackstone expressly says that "they are fictitious proceedings, introduced by a kind of pious fraud to elude the statutes de donis, de rell'iosis,&c."), what would be his astonishment at firtding that universally held right and lawful which wore every aspect of illegality, and was in fact illegal? A Spanish judge would probably nullify a title held by virtue of such proceedings, and would blunder in so doing. Such is a single instance of the
difficulties and dangers which beset an examiner into the unfamiliar laws and legal forms of a foreign country. I therefore ask, that, if at the close of this argument any doubt should remain upon the mind of this court, the claimants may have the benefit of that doubt; that the object, meaning, and effect of
De Bastrop's grant, as made probable, or rather certain, by the deeds themselves, by corroborating documents, by extrinsic evidence, by the contemporaneous aiid almost prescriptive interpretation of popular opinion, as well as of history, by the known laws and policy of the Spanish government, and by the opinion of the jury and of the court a quo, may have more than ordinary weight; and that forms of concession followed more than half a century ago in a foreign land, by its highest officers, may not be nullified as meaningless and void, because they do not conforin to the ideas of men belonging to a later and widely different age, race, government, and generation; or,
if annulled, that it may not be except upon the most clear, palpable, positive evidence of their utter worthlessness and illegality. I invoke, in short, the old, trite, terse law-maxim,
"Omniia rite acta," &c.

Mr. So0. Point No. 2.- Rights of the claimants under the title which they exhibit. These will depend, 1. On what construction is placed upon the terms in which
it is executed; and; 2. If the terms be such as to confer only imperfect rights,
upon the concomitant circumstances which may entitle the claimants to have them perfected into complete ones.
Taking the instrument to be unobstructed by any suspensive clause, absolute ab initio, or, in other words, unconditional, its
bearing and import it is respectfully submitted, are according to the usages, customs, and laws prevailing in Louisiana at

632

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

the date of its execution, so void of ambiguity, and expressed in a language so eminently sacramental, as Spanish jurists
would say, that they admit of no possible controversy, doubt, or evasion. They are tle most prop'er terms' in which the special thing which they were intended to effect could be conveyed; and the slightest attention to their obvious meaning will convince the court of their legitimacy and fitness. I In the original requgle which he addresses to Governor
Carondelet, Baron de Bastrop sets forth, "That it is indispensably necessary, on the part of the government, that there
should be designated a district of about twelve leagues square, in which may remain included the Bayou Siard and its vicinity, in order that, without the least obstacle, those families may proceed to settle upon them, which the applicant is going to
introduce, under theexpress condition that concessions of land are to be gratis,and that under no title or pretence can they exceed the quantities of 400 arpents at most," &c., and he -prays that the government be pleased to fix the number of
families which he is to introduce. The words by which the district is thus to be separated from
the king's domain, in this incipient requite, are, "Es absoluta-
mente indispensable que per parts del gobierno se destine," &c. By referring to one of the most accredited authorities on Spanish philology (Salva's Dictionary), your honors will find that the word destinaris the proper one to express the idea which the applicant meant to convey. "DESTINAR: Determinaraluna cosaparalg'unfin o efecto." -" To determine something to some end or purpose." It was usual that, upon such requests (Diligencias), the order of the governor should issue; and this was
done either by inserting at the foot of them the formal words, "Como lo pide, despachase par secrelaria en la forma que so-
licita"; or by an extended order expressing the assent of the
Governor, in the very words of the requite, as in the present case for instance, where the order reads: "Juan Filldot Seia-
laradoce leguas en quadro,mitad del lado de Bayff Siard,milad del lado de enfrente del Ouachita,para ir colocando en ellas las
familias que el enunciado Baron fue dirigiendo,"&c.-1"Don
Juan Filhiol will designate twelve leagues square, half on the side of Bayou Siard, and half on the side opposite to the Oua-
chita, that the -families which the 'aforesaid Baron is conducting may locate there," &c.
And thus, from the words of the contract entered into by the Baron de Bastrop with Governor Carondelet, these twelve leagues, so pointedly designated, were to be assigned, to be constituted - for v ihat? "Parair colocando en ellas lasfamilias," &c.-" That he might locate the families," &c. (Salva's

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

633

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

Dictionary.) They were, therefore, from that moment, separated from the royal domain, and once so separated, could not be resumed, except through the fault of the grantee. Had the
claimants under De Bastrop no other title but that, they would still be vested by it with certain rights, inchoate, it is true, yet such as would be recognized by this court, who would feel
bound in all justice and equity to perfect them by their decree,
unless it were clearly shown thiat they had been surrendered or
forfeited. If this contract contemplated no actual grant of The lands
designated in it, but was merely intended as an adjustment of
the relations in which the emigrant families should stand to the government, where is the necessity of marking out twelve leagues square, or something like 1,016,264 arpents? The number of families to be located thither under the contract was fixed at five hundred. They were to have 400 arpents each, or
,2Q0,000 arpefits in all. What was to become of the remainder?
The. crown could no longer dispose of it, without a flagrant violation of its faith. The emigrant famnilieg could not clim more than what was allotted to them. To whom were to go
the remaining 816,264 arient*? To whom I ask it. Here is
a difficulty which must be got over before it can be maintained that the grant only transferred from the public domain what
each family was to take for itself. - The words are clear, their meaning is unmistakable. The twelve leagues. square are asked to be set apart, and are constituted for the establishment which De Bastrop was to form 'on Vayou Siard, and in consideration of his introducing there the Ave hundred families, to whom he was in his turn to make grants agreeably to the terms of his contract. " Bien entendido que a niun se ha de dar mayor concession de tierraque la,de quatrocientos arpanes."
"It being understood that to none shall there be.given a great-
er concession of land than that of 400 arpents." This restrictive clause in the c6ndition imposed upon De Bastrop to grant lands, could only enure to his benefit. 'It could 'not affect the
king, if the lands not conceded to the individual settlers were to remain public property. Besides, it would only-bind him as
much and as long as he chose to be bound. And if the domain was to be bound by any such restriction, it was equally bound by the other parts of the cbntract; and the twelve leagues having once been severed from it, the 816,264 arpents
remaining, after awarding to the settlers what had been stipu-
lated in their behalf, would have remained for ever waste property , If De Bastrop had no claim over them; certainly the individual settler had none, and the king least of all, *forhe had
parted with them. He had parted with the twelve integral

634

SUPREME COURT.

The United. States r. Ph-iladelphia and New Orleans.

leagues for the benefit of De Bastrop's establishment. He could
.no more violate this than that part of the contract. The contract was absolute as to the quantity of the lands designated and constituted, and conditional in so far only as it was to have no effect unless Bastrop should comply with the obliga-
tions which he had assumed in it. And; pray, what was to be the forfeiture in that case? The nullity of the grants which
he" might have made to individual settlers? By no means.
Put if Bastrop should not make good within three years the greater. part of -the establishment, the twelve leagues square
destined for the families he was to send were to be occupied by the first families who might present themselves.
Should, therefore, De Bastrop make good his obligations, the twelve leagues were to remain exclusively in his establishment, and to be occupied by himself and the five hundred families which he was to settle there. The argument is conelusive. De Bastrop was certainly comprised in the establishment; he was its head; its ruler; the five hundred families
intfoduced by him thither were not to have more than 400 arpents each, or 200,000 arpents in all. To whom, I ask again,
were to revert the remaining lands? I have said, that, if the contract was not intended to convey
a grant of lands to the extent claimed in the r'eqtute, there could be no necessity for executing another instrument; the
first was binding of itself. Indeed, according to the interpreta-
tion which is put-upon its terms by those who view them in a different light from what I do, it required only at the hands of the government that s6ccessive grants should be awarded to the families as they should present themselves under its provisions. The spot where the establishment was to be located could not be mistaken. It was amply described and most pointedly marked out. What surveys were required but such as might be necessary to set apart for every family of emigrants
what each was entitled to ? But this assumption cannot bear the least scrutiny. It has
no solid basis to stand upon. As well attempt to lay in the air the foundations of a large structure, or to build up a tower
on moving sands.
But I proceed. The contract was in progress, and the contractor rapidly advancing to its completion. .Governor Carondelet considers that the time has come for him to give it a more formal shape,
and he determines to "designate the twelve leagues destined for said establishment in the terms, with the metes, landmatks, and boundafies, and in the place which is deiignated, fixed, and, marked out by the figurative plan and description affixed

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

635

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

at the head of this title, which are made out by the SurveyorGeneral, Don Carlos Trudeau, it having appeared to him (Carondelet) most expedient to avoid all contestation and dispute,
and approving them," &c., &c.; 'and he "destines and appropriates the aforesaid twelve leagues, that the said Baron de Bastrop may establish them in the terms, and under the conditions, expressed in the petition and decree of the 20th and 21,t of
June, 1796."
The twelve leagues had heretofore been but "designated, marked out," destinadas,senaladas; now they are both "designated and appropriated," destinanos V apropiamos, says the grant. " APRoPIAR: hacer pr'opia de alguno qualquier cosa ' (Salva's Dict.) ;-" rem alicui adjudicare,"or "to make something the property of another, to adjudicate a thing to some-
body." The court perceives that the property is fully transferred by these terms, and that it,has gone out of the domain.
That this paper is a grant, who can doubt that reads 'with the least attention its contents ? The governor calls it a title, litulo. Speaking of the plan and description by Laveau Trudeau, he says: "The plan and description dffixed at the*head of this title," " el planofigurativoy dilienciaque vanfior caveza de este itulo2 Yes, a titulo,which-the Spanish juriscohsults call titulo enforma, and the French un titretranslatifde propriet ; "1a title in form; a title transferring property." And the best evidence that it was so considered is in the fact that the plan
affixed to, and made an integral part of, the same, bears on its face, and as its caption, eoNmcssio', g-rant: CONCESSiON BAs-
TROP, grant to Bastrcp.
But there are other evidences extant of the meahiing and import of that paper, - evidences of high character, too.'- of un-
disputed and indisputable authority.
About ten days before its .execution, to wit, on the 10th of June, 1797, Baron de Bastrop complains, "that the twelve leagues .which have been granted to, him by his contract are
found in part overfloved and occupied by ancient inhabitants" ; and he prays the governor "to grant hini the same quantity of land, &c., &c., without prejudice to the lands which his lordship has granted to the Marquis de Maison-Rouge," &c., &c.
" Don Felipede .Bastrop tiene lalhonrade observak"a E S. que las doce leguas en quadro que V S. le ha otergudo por s contrato se hallan en parte aneyadasy ocupadas por antiguos habi-
tantes; en cuya virtud, a . Z suplica se sirva tener 6 bien concederle la misma cantidadde tierra,'.&c., &e.
This request Carondeletindorses as -follows: "Como lo pide, despachase per secretariaen forma que solicita.--"As he requests, let it be despatched in the form which he solicits."

636

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

Is that enough? What else is wanted? We have some-
thing more. We hold a paper, withouta date on its face it is true; without a name at its foot; yet a paper of an unmis-
takable character, and, may I not say, of some considerable' dignity. It is apparently an elaborate essay on the practical workings and results of an operation based on the plan of colonization proposed by De Bastrop. It is proved to be in the
handwriting of Francisco Bouligny, who was from 1796 to 1800 Lieutenant-Governor of Louisiana, and for some time within that period acting governor, in the absence of the titulary. It refers in express terms to the Bastrop contract, and therefore must have been written after its execution; and as Bouligny's death occurred some time in 1800, it traces itself, naturally, to an epoch not suspicious (from 1796 to 1800), wheii'these matters were stil fresh in the memory of those who spoke of them or wrote about them. It emanates from one
high in power, and, in all probability, had its origin in the exigencies of his official duty.
Let us look into it and see what light, if any, it throws on
this transaction. After going into a detail of the expenditures to beincurred by the Baron de Bastrop, in order that he might give value to the lands granted to him, and after showing that he could effect it only by introducing at his own cost two thousand families, he comes to the result, "that he will have
purchased the 800,000 arpents" remaining, after supplying the five hundred families which he was to settle there under the terms of his contract, ",for the value of one million of dollars, Which," says he, "c otresponds to ten reals of silver the arpent; a price very moderate in comparison with that which these
lands will immediately have when the introductior of these two thousand families is once accomplished; and it may be
calculated, without exaggeration, at three dollars an arpent, which would leave a profit to Bastrop of 1,400,000 dollars."
Is not this sufficient to establisli what meaning it had in the opinion of those whom we must suppose to have been best versed ifi the usages, customs, and laws prevailing with respect to such matters? I am sure it is; and I might here part'with this branch of the case, were it not that I can strengthen it still more by referring to a certain historical document to be -found anfong the papers compiled by Mr. White in his Reco-
pilacion. Morales (the ntendant of L6uisiana), in' a long communi-
cation to Don Pedro Varela y lUlloa, bearing date New Orleans, October 16,17.97. complains that the royal Hacienda, the public treasury, is overburdened by the contracts which are entered into by private-iridividuals, in order to obtain grants of

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

637

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

lmanaydsbeansdpalroetds;maanndyrehxepesnestses faonrtdh

"that losses

wthheichromyaaly

Hotahceirewnidsae

result from the combination and execution of projects for obtaining grants of lands and lots ; that it is clear that the person who is principally responsible -for the royal treasury's interests would be mor&careful in that which may occasion expenses to the treasury, than one wh6 views the affairs of. The Hacienda merely as accessory.'! 2 White's Recop. 425, 4?6. And in proof of the -abuses he complains of, he adverts to the very case under c6nsidetation. "As an instance," says he, "of what I have stated, observe the contract-between Baron de Carondelet and Baron de Bastrop for the settlement of five hundred families, in the 144 leagues of plain ground granted by the governor," &c., &c. In fine' he asks that the power of granting lands be transferred from the govern6r to the
Intendant. Iis remonstrances were listened to; and on the 22d of Oc-
tober, 1798, the governor was notified "that the king had resolved, &c., that the exclusive faculty of granting- lands of every kind should be restored to the Intendancy of the Province, &c.; consequently, the power hitherto residing in the governor to these effects was abolished and suppressed, being transferred to the Intendant for the future." 2 White's Re-
copilacion, 477. And thus we cannot lay our hands upon a single public doc-
ument connected with that epoch, ,and having reference to those transactions, which does not proclaim the fact that these contracts were considered as actual grants, transferring the lands therein designated to the contractor, appropriating them
to him, making them his property. Nor did the governors, in making such contracts, transcend
their authority. We ,have just seen that, until 1798; it resided fully in them. Bizt was the exercise of that authority a violation of the general laws regulating these matters in the Indies? I am ready to show that it was not.
An ordinance of Philip II., embodied in the Leyes de las Indias, had provided that "haviendo quien qhiera obligarse a
hacer nueva poblacion, &c., de mas o menos de trein.ta vecinQs, con que no sean menos de diez, se le conceda el termino y territorio," &c. Lib. 4, tit. 5, ley 7.

"Should any one contract the obligation of making a settlement of more or less than thirty families, but of no less than ten, let him be granted a district of territory on the same terms

and conditions."

And, by referring to the law immediately piecedingr it will

be perceived that the district of land to be allowed the poblador.

vOL. x1.

54

SUPREME COURT.
The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.
the undertaker of the settlement, was four leagues square. "Y, si cumpliere su obligacion,se le den quatroleguas de termino y territorio." Ibid., Ley 6.
Whosoever was to receive the establishment was to give those who should iegister themselves as settlers, lots for building houses, pasture and arable lands, in quantities to suit their demands, &c., provided the whole he should give did not exceed five peonias or three caballerias.
".El que tomare el assiento, le hara tan bien con cada uno de los particularesque se registraranpars poblar,y se obliara a dar en el pueblo designado,solaresparaedificar,tierrasde pasto y labor en tanta quantidad,4c., 4fc., con que no exceda ni de a cada uno was de cinco peonias,nimas de tres caballerias." Ibid., Ley 9.
And the authority under which such contracts as that of Bastrop were entered into was derived from the power originally conferred on the viceroys '(afterwards extended to governors, intendants, &c.), by an ordinance of Philip IL of May 18th, 1752, providing: "Si en, lo y6 descubierlo de las Iadias, huviere algunos sitios y comarcas tan buenos que convena fundar poblaciones,y algunas personas se applicaren a hacer assiento, y vecindad en ellas, para que con was voluntad y utilidad lo pueden hacer, los virreyes y presidentes les den ell nuestro nombre tierras, solares y aguas," &c. Ibid., tit. 12, ley 3.
"If in those parts of the Indies already discovered, there
should be sites and districts so good that it may be proper to found settlements, and persons should apply to form a settlement and colony there, in order that they may do so with more alacrity and usefulness, let the viceroys and presidents give them, in our name, lots, lands, and waters," &c.
I have, I think, satisfied the court on this point, and now dismiss it entirely. But should I have failed in carrying your honors? convictions, I would still plead, in the last resort, that I have made out a case that claims at their hands all those considerations of equity which the law of 1824 enables theih to allow in cases of an inchoate and incomplete title.
It will not be contested, I am sure, that, as far as the obligations of De Bastrop went, he faithfully complied with them. Indeed, so rapidly was he proceeding to their execution, that he had to be stopped from their further performance by an order of the governor, issued upon a request of the Intendant, setting forth that, on account of the scarcity of funds in the royal treasury, it was necessary that the introduetion of families under De Bastrop's contract should be suspended; and thas orderit will be observed, expressly stipulated "that it

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

639

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

should not prejudice De Bastrop's rights." It extended, to two years after the execution of the contract should have been resumed, the time within which it was originally to be completed in its -greater par; and the decree goes on affirming that, "on his part (the governor's), he will religiously comply with the obligations he had contracted, -a maxim which has always
distinguished the Spanish nation." -" Queded vmd. persuadido sienipre que por mi parte observare religiosamente los empenos que contracte, maxima que constantamente ha distinbuido la
nation Espafiola" What can these obligations b&.which the governor, with so
much emphasis, asserts he will comlr with religiously? The introduction of families being stopped, if De Bastrop's agency was limited to his bringing them into the settlement, what could be those rights which were not to be prejudiced? what those obligations which imposed such duties on the governor
as to induce him to pledge the Castilian honor that they would be strictly complied with? *Why, the meaning is obvious; he clearly alludes to the grant which was to close and complete the contract; and we find him, in.effect, two days afterwards
redeeming his pledge and executing it. Still, I will admit that this execution of the grant unto
Bastrop left him, as to the remaining families whish he was to settle there, subject to the requisition of the Spanish government, who might order him to introduce them within the time agreed upon in the decree just cited; and this is the only thing that can be construed as imparting an inchoate and incomplete character to his title. But it is this, also, that brings the grant within the jurisdiction of your honors; not at their mercy, but that they may do with it what the Spanish tribunals might have done and would have done themselves, had not the sovereignty of .the province withinthe limits of which
it is located been transferred from Spain to the United States. "Si,porhaversobrevenido casofortuito,lospobladoresno huvi-
eren acabadode cumplir la poblaciam en,el termino contenido en el asiento, no hayanperdido, ni perdan lo que huvieren gastado,ni
edificado, ni incurran la pena," &c. Leyes de las Indias, lib. 4, tit. 7, ley 25.
"If, by reason of some fortuitous event, the colonizers should not have ,completed the settlement within the time specified in the contract, let them not lose what they may have expended
or erected; nor let them incur the penalty," &c. Spain might undoubtedly have exonerated De Bastrop from
his liability to bring the families agreed upon in his contract. That she would have done so, who can doubt, that reads the remonstrance of Iorales above referred to, the order that inter-

640

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

vened upon it, and ponders the considerations which prompted the one and the other? Could the government of Spain give up its solemn contract, and repudiate it to the injury of Bastrop,
when the latter had so faithfully complied with his obligations under it? Had not De Bastrop at least an equitable claim in that contract, against the goverfment, and will that claim be disregarded merely because the sovereignty has changed bands?
I cannot persuade myself that there is a doubt left in the minds of your honors. But lest they should still hesitate as to the interpretation which I have set upon the terms of the grant, and the opinion I entertain of their legal value and import, I shall take leave to attach to these remarks, and to use as my own, the argument which has been furnished me on that question by the three most eminent jurists now living in Spain, commending it as expressing the views of men familiar with
the matters in dispute, and fully able to do them justice, and whose character, profotud learning, and ability are avouched, not only by the testimonial appended to their names, but by
the universal estimation in which they are held as jurisconsults and doctors of the civil law, and as men of the highest honor,
rectitude, and integrity. Mr. Soul filed as part of his argument the opinion of the
Spanish jurisconsults, T. F. Pacheco, Manuel Cortina, and S. de Olozaga, .delivered in Madrid, September, 1849.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the court. In this case objections were made in the court below, and are again insisted on here, to the proof of authenticity of the
title-papers on which the petition is founded; nothing but copies being produced. Our opinion is that the copies were properly admitted in evidence, and that they establish the facts that similar originals existed; and as on the true meaning of these documents our decision proceeds, we deem it proper to set them forth. . They are as follows: -
Copy.
SENOR GOVERNOR-GENERAL.: -T The Baron de Bastrop, desirous of promoting the population and agriculture of Ouachita, and being about to pass into the United States of America tn conclude the plan of emigration which he has projected, and to return with his family, represents to your lordship that it is indispensable that, ofn the part of the government, there should be designated a district of about twelve leagues square, in which may remain included the Bayou Siar'd and its vicinity, in order that, without the least obstacle or impediment, those families may. proceed to settle.upon them, which the petitioner

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

641

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

is going to introduce under the express condition that con-

cessions of land are to be gratis; and that under no title or

pretext. can they exceed the" quantity of four hundred square

arpents at most, with the object of preventing the introduction

of negroes and manufactories of indigo, which, in that disirict,

would be absolutely contrary and prejudicial to the culture of

wheat, and would cause the petitioner to lose irremediably the

profits of his establishment.

He also petitions your lordship to be pleased to grant him

permission to export, for the Havana, the flour which may be

manufactured in the mills of Ouachita, without restricting him

to sell it absolutely in New Orleans and posts of this province,

unless it should be necessary for its subsistence, as in that case

it should always have the-preference.

It becomes also indispensable that the government should charge itself with the conducting and support of the families

which the petitioner shall have introduced; from the post of

New Madrid to that of Ouachita, by supplying them with some

provisions for the subsistence of the first months, and facilitat-

ing to them the first sowing of the necessary seed; granting

to the inhabitants who are not Catholics the liberty of con-

science enjoyed by those of Baton Rouge, Natchez, ani other

districts of the province, and the government being pleased

finally to fix the number of fariilies which, the petitioner is to

introduce.

, Zeal for the prosperity and encouragement of the province, united to the desire of procuring the tranquillity and quiet of

this establishment by removing at once whatever obstacles

might be opposed to these interesting objects, i.nduce me to

represent to your lordship what I have set forth, hoping that your lordship will recognize in these dispositions the better

service of the king, and advancement of the province confided

to your authority.

Dn, BASTROP.

New Orleans,20th une, 1796.

"ew Orleans, June 21, 1796.

Seeing the advantages which will result from the establish:

ment projected by Baron Bastrop, the commandant of Ouachi-

ta, Don Juan Filhiol will designate twelve leagues square,

half on the side of the Bayou of Siar, and half on the side op-

p osite the Ouachita, for the purpose of placing there the fami-

ies which the said Baron may direct, it being understood that

no greater concession of land is to be given to any one than

four hundred square arpents, at most, gratis,and free from all

dues. With regard to the object of this establishment, it is for

the cultivation of wheat alone. 54*

The exportation of the prod-

SUPREME COIJRT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

ucts of this province being free, the petitioner need not doubt

thbt it will be allowed to him for the flour which he may man-

ufacture at the mills of the Ouachita, to the Havana and other

places open to the free commerce of this province. The gov-

ernment will charge itself with the conducting of the families

from New Madrid to Ouachita, and will give. them such pro-

visions as may appear sufficient for their support during six

months, and proportionably for their seeds. They shall not be

molested in matters of religion, but the Apostolical Roman

Catholic worship shall alone be publicly permitted. The peti-

tioner shall be allowed to bring in as many as five hundred

families; provided that, after the lapse of three years, if the

major part of the establishment shall not have been made good,

the twelve leagues square destined for those whom the peti-

tioner may place there shall be occupied by the families which

may first present themselves for that purpose.

THE BARON DE CARONDELET.

Registered.

ANDRES LoPEz ARRESTO.

Official.

Whereas, gn the part of the Senor Intendente, by reason of the scarcity of funds, the suspension of further remittance of families has been solicited until the decision of his Majesty, there should b no prejudice occasioned- to you by the last paragraph of my decree, which expresses that if, at the end of three years, the greater part of the establishrment shall not have been found made good, the families which may present themselves shall be located within the twelve leagues destined for the establishment which you have commenced, and it shall
only take effect two years after the course of the contract shall have again commenced, and the determination of his Majesty shall have been made known to you.
"You will always remain persuaded that, on my part, I will religiously observe the engagements which I shall have contracted; a -maxim which has constantly distinguished the Spanish nation. God preserve you many years.
New- Orleans, 18h June, 1797.
BARON DE CARONDELET.

THE SENOR BARON DE BASTROP.

Concession.
The Baron de Carondelet, Knight of the Religion of St. John, Field-Marshal of the Royal Armies, Governor-General, Vice-Patron of the Provinces of Louisiana, West Florida, Inspector of their Troops, &c.
Whereas the Baron de Bastrop, in consequence of the pe-

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

643

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

tition, under date of the 20th of June of the year last past, and decree of the 21st of the same, has commenced the establishment of Ouachita, which thereby he stipulated with the goverinent, in order to avoid all obstacle, difficultv, and embarrassment hereafter, and that with all facility the 4 ailies may be located,, which, to the number of five hundred, the said Baron is successively and proportionally to introduca 0r cause to be introduced, we have determined to designate Ifie twelve leagues destined for said establishment in the trms, with, limits, land-marks, and boundaries, and in the place xwhich is designated, fixed, and marked out by the figurative plan and description, which go as a caption of this title, which are made out by the Surveyor-General, Don Carlos Trudeau, it having appeared to us to be thus most expedient to avoid all contestation and dispute, and approving them, as we do approve them, exercising the authority which the king has granted us, we destine and appropriate, in his royal name, the aforesaid twelve leagues, in order that the said Baron de Bastrop may establish them in the-terms, and under the conditions, which are expressed hr the said petition and decree. We give the present, signed with our hand, sealed with the seal of our arms, and countersigned by the undersigned, honorary commissary of war, and secretary for his Majesty of this commandancy-general of New Orleans, on the 20th of June, 1797.
THE BARON DE CARONDELET.
ANDRES LOPEZ DE ARMESTO.
[Formap see original.]

I, Don Carlos Trudeau, Surveyor Royal and Particular of the Province of Louisiana, &c., do certify that the present draft contains one hundred and forty-four superficial leagues,
each league forming a square, the sides of which are in length two thousand and five hundred toises [a toise is six French feet long], measure of the city of Paris, according to thecustom
and practice of this colony,.She said land being situated in the post of Ouachita, about eighty lagues above the mouth of that river, falling into Red River, adjoining on the part of the southwest to the eastern shore of the river and bayous Ouachi-
ta, Barthelemi, and Siard, conformably to the red line which borders the said river and bayous, bounded on the south part
by a line drawn from the south.seventy-five degrees east, about three leagues and one mile long, beginning from the shore C of the Bayou Siard, and continuing as far as the height of the junction A of the said Bayou Siard with the Bayou Barthele-
mi; the said point A being as a basis on the line of measure-
ment A B, of twelve leagues in length, parallel with the plan

SUPREME CO&URT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

of Bayou Barthelemi from the point A to the end of the said

twelve leagues, which terminate at the point B, where is the

mouth of the rivulet named Bayou Termiro; the lines D E,

F G, are parallel lines, directed north fifty-two degrees east,

without minding the variation of the compass, which varies

eight degrees to the northeast.

In testimony I deliver the present certificate, with the draft

hereto affixed, for the use of the Baron de Bastrop, on the 14th

day of June, 1797, 1, the surveyor, having signed the same, and

re~orded in the book A, No. 1, folio 38, draft No. 922, of the

surveys.

I do certify the present copies to be conformable to the

originals which are lodged in the office under my care, to which I refer; and, at the request of a party, I deliver the present,

same date as above.

CARLOS TRUDEAU, Surveyor.

To THE-GOVERNOR-GENERAL : Baron de Bastrop has the

honor to make known to you that, it being his intention to es-

tablish in the Ouachita, it is expedient that you should grant to him a corresponding permission to erect there one or more

mills, as the population may require; as also to shut up the

Bayou de.Siar, where he proposes to establish the said mills,

with a dike in the place most convenient for his works;, and, as it appears necessary to prevent disputes in the progress of

the affair,, he begs also the grant along the Bayou Barthelemi,

from its source to its mouth,of six toises. on each bank, to con-

struct upon them the mills and works which he may find ne-

cessary, and prohibiting every person from making upon said bayou any bridge, in order that its navigation may never be

interrupted, as it ought at all times to remain free and unobstructed. This request, Sir, will not appear exorbitant, when

you "arepleased to observe that your petitioner, who will expend in these works twenty thousand dollars or more, will be

exposed without these grants to lose all the fruits of his labors

by the caprice or jealousy of any individual, who, being estab-

lished on this bayou, may cut off the water or obstruct the navi-

gation ; not to mention the loss which the province will sustain of the immense advantages to result from the useful project

proposed for the encouragement of the agriculture and pop-

ulation of those parts.

Dr BASTROP.

_New Orleans,June 12, 1797.

New Orleans, Tzine 12, 1797.
Considering the advantages to the population on the Ouachitaand the province in general, to result from the encour-

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

645

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

agement of the cultivation of wheat, and the construction of flour-mills, which the petitioner proposes to make at his own expense, I grant him, in the name of his lajesty, and by virtue
of the authorities which he has conferred upon me, liberty to shut the Bayou de Siar, on which he is about to establish his
mills, with a dike at the place most proper for the carrying on of his works. I also grant him the exclusive enjoyment of six toises of ground on each side of the' Bayou Barthelemi, from its source to its mouth, to enable him to construct the -works and dams necessary for his mills; it being understood that by this grant it is not intended to prohibit the free navigation of the said bayou to the rest of the inhabitants, who shall be free to use the same, without, however, being permitted to throw across it any bridge, or to obstruct the navigation, which shall at all times remain free and open. - Under the conditions here expressed, such mills as he may think proper to erect may be disposed of by the petitioner, together with the lands adjoining, as estates bejonging entirely to him, ini virtue of this decree, in
relation to which the surveys are to be continued, and the commandant, Don Juan Filhiol, will verify and remit them to me, so that the person interested may obtain a corresponding title iii form; it being a formal and express condition of this grant, that at least one mill shall be constructed within two years, otherwise it is to remain null.

THE BARON DE CARONDELET.

Registered.

ANDRES LOPEZ ARuvESTO.

To his Excellency the Senor Baron de Carondelet, GovernorGeneral of the Province of Louisiana, &c.

Don Philip de Bastrop has ihe honor to observe to your lordship, that the twelve leagues square which your lordship has granted to him by his contract are found in part overflowed and occupied by ancient inhabitants, in consequence of
which he prays that your lordship will be pleased to'grant him the same quantity of land, to be taken upon the River Ouachi-
ta and the Bayous de Siard and Barthelemi, where it will be most convenient to him, without prejudice to the lands which your lordship has granted to the Senor de Maison-Rouge, in the Prairie Chatellerian; a favor which he hopes to receive from the upright justice which your lordship admihisters.

New Orleans, 10th June, 1797.

P. DE BAsTRoP.

Order. New Orleans, 10th u-ne, 1797. As he requests, let it be

despatched by the secretary department, in the form which

e solicits.

THE-BARON DE CARONDELET.

646

SUPREME COURT.

The United States t. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

Translation. June 21, 1796.
To THE SENOR BAROX DE BASTROP: -With attention to
the advantages which muist result tothe population of the Ouachita, and that of the province in general, from the encouragement of the cultivation of wheat and construction of flourmills which the petitioner intends to, make at his expense, I grant him, in the name of his Majesty, and using, the powers
which he has conceded to me, that he may close the Bayou de Siar, where he may establish the mills with a dike at the place
most suited to his works. I likewise grant him the exclusive enjoyment of six toises of land on each side of the Bayou Siar, from its source to iti mouth, in order that he may construct the works and embankment- necessary to his mills; it being well
understood that in this grant it is not understood to prohibit
the free navigation of said bayou to the other inhabitants who may make use of it, without, nevertheless, it being permitted to them to cast any bridge nor embarrass the navigation, which at all times is to remain free and unimpeded. Under the conditions expressed, when the mills have been constructed which
he may see fit, he may dispose of them and of his adjacent lands as property belonging to him entirely, in virtue of this decree, by which the proceedings of survey, which the commandant, Don Juan Filhiol, shall make out and remit, shall be extended in consequence, in order to provide the party concerned with the corresponding title in form. It being a formal and express condition of this grant,. that at least one mill be found constructed within two years, since otherwise it shall remain annulled.

The Baron de Bastrop contracts with his Majesty to fur-

nish, for the term of six months, rations to the families which

he has latterly introduced at the post of the Ouachita, which

are to be composed of twenty-four ounces of fresh bread, or

an equivalent in flour; twelve ounces of fresh beef, or six of

bacon; two ounces of fine manestra, or three of ordinary, and

one thousandth part of a celernin (about a peck) of salt; for

which there is to he paid to him, by the royal chests, at the

rate of a real and a half for each ration; for which purpose

there shall be made out, monthly, a particular account, the

truth and regularity of which shall be attested, at foot, by the

commandant of that post. Under which conditions, I oblige

myself, with my person and estate, to the fulfilment of the

present contract, subjecting myself, in all things, to the juris-

diction of this General Intendancy.

In testimony of which, I sign it at New Orleans, the 16th

of June, 1797.

BARON DE. BASTROP.

DECEMBER TERIM, 1850.

647

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

New Orleans, date as above.
I approve this contract, in the name of his Majesty, with the intervention of Senor Gilbert Leonard, principal contractor of the army in these provinces, for its validity. Two certified copies are to be directed to the Secretary, Juan Ventura lorales. With my intervention, Gilbert Leonard. Copy of the original, which remains in my keepiig, and which I certify, and is taken out) to be passed to the Secretary of this General Intendancy.
New Orleans,ut sz pra.
GILBERT LEONARD.

Whereas the Intendant, from the want of funds, has solicited the suspension of the last remittance of families, until the decision of his Majesty, there ought to be no prejudice occasioned to you by the last paragraph of my decree, which expresses that, if within three years. the major part of the establishment shall not have been made good, such families as may first present themselves shall be located within the twelve leagues destined for the settlement which you have commenced; and this shall only have effect two years after the course of the contract shall have again commenced to be executed, and the determination of his Majesty shall have been made known to you. You will always remain persuaded that, on my part, I will observe, religiously, the engagements I have contracted; a principle which has constantly distinguished the Spanish nation. God preserve you many years.
ew Orleans, Tane 18, 1797.
THE BARON DE GARONDELET.
BARON DE BASTROP.

Complainants exhibit all these title-papers, and pray that the
validity of their claim may be inquired into and decided. On part of the United States, a brief denial of all the facts alleged
was made; and on this issue the District Court adjudged that the grant to the Baron do Bastrop wps a valid and lawful grant, by legal title in form; and further adjudged that complainants be declared the true and lawful owners, and entitled to recover
from the United States, and be for ever quieted and confirmed as against the United States in the ownership and possession of the land claimed by them.
And here a difficulty arises whether the District Court had jurisdiction, as on its own assumption, that this was a perfect Spanish grant, no power existed under the act of 1824 to pass
judgment on such title. So we held at our last term, in the
case of- the United States v. Reynes, 9 Howard, 127.

SUPREME COVRT.
The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.
But in all cases of titles not perfect, and which by decree may be made so, founded on the equity of such claim, jurisdiction does exist; and Bastrop's contract with the Spanish government, not being a perfect title'in bur judgment, either in form or substance, its character and validity can be inquired into, and adjudged, under the act of Congress. And that it -was of this imperfect character, complainants theniselves formerly assumed; they having submitted their title to a board of commissioners instituted to examine and report to Congress on imperfect grants, and which board reported unfavorably of the Bastrop claim.
It'has also on several occasions been presented to Congress, and a perfect title required, on the assumption that there was none.
It is true, that no equity is set up in the petition, the titlepapers being relied on, and nothing more; nor is there any evidence found in the record, tending to prove that Baron Bastrop expended any thing whatever by bringing in families. They were obviously settled on the land at government expense. OronvlyedbebtyweSetnuatrwt eanntdy aFnildhi6t1h,irwtyhofamilies were settled, as is
name theheads of each mily, and who are complainants' witnesses. The settlers horavferomrectehieveUd ntiitteldes Sfrtoamtes tghoe rSenpamneisnht, p.uronvdienrcwiahl icghovtherenymneonwt, stand protected. They manifestly never claimed under Bastrop, nor sought to acqure titles under him. This disposes Of
the preliminary questions. And we now come to an examination of the title set forth
and relied on in the petition. The final power concluding Governor Carondelet's decrees-bears date June 20, 1797. For a proper understanding of this decree it must be taken in connection with previous documents to which it refers, including the proces verbal and plan, delivered to Baron Bastrop, June 14, 1797, by Trudeau, the Surveyor-General. June 20, 1796, Bastrop represented to the governor, that, to conclude his plan of emigration to Ouachita, which he had projected, there should be designated a district of about twelve leagues square, in order that,'without the least obstacle or impediment, the families he might introduce could proceed to settle on the land.
June 21, 1796, the governor assented to this request, and ordered Filhiol, the commandant at Ouachita, to designate the landi "for the purpose of proceeding to locate uponithem the families which the aforesaid Baron mry direct."
The land was designated by a plan; and on it, and on the previous agreement, the final decree of June 20, 1797, proceeds. It is insisted that this is a decree of a perfect title, (or

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

649

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

fee simple in our law language,) vesting the twelve leagues

square in absolute property in the Baron de Bastrop, subject

to descent and alienation; and as a settlement of this ques-

tion will end the controversy, we do not propose to examine

any other. This document 'recites, tiat the Baron had com-

menced the establishment, according to his petition and the

governor's decree therein, of the previous year; and in order

to avoid all obstacles, difficulty, and embarrassment thereafter,

and that with all facility the families might be located to the

number of five hundred, as the Baron was bound to do; "we

have," says the governor, "determined to designate the twelve

leagues destined for said establishment." That is to say, ac-

cording to the plan of survey above referred to, and which is

attached to the decree. And then came the effective words of

grant relied on: "1We destine and appropriate in his royal

name [the king's] the aforesaid twelve le6.gues, in order that

the said Baron de Bastrop may 'establish' 'them, id the terms, and under the conditions, which are expressed in the

said petition and decree." Having had a translation made of

the Spanish grant, we find that the vord "establish," next

above, should be ".ettle."

A territory of twelve leagues on all sides, amounting to one

million of arpents, was "destined and appropriatedi" in oder

that the Baron "might settle the land," and establish his colo-

ny, without difficulty or embarrassment in exclusion of others

making similar establishments under public iuthority; and

also in exclusion of private persons, not introduced by the

Baron. For this purpose, the land was destined and appro-

priated. As colonizer, the Baron had a monopoly, within

the district, to introduce settlers. His object was monopoly

throughout. He was a Hollander, ana proposed to introduce

farmers from his own country, as appears by Govornor Caron-

delet's letter to Filhiol, commandant at Oudchita, read by com-

plainants. - To each emigrant family a tract of four hundred

arpents was to be granted gratis; the farmers were to be en-

gaged in raising wheat, and restricted to this crop as an article

produced for the market. To prevent other crops, such as

indigo, from being grown, ihe farms were to be small ; and in.

aid of this policy, slave labor was intended to be excluded.

As five hundred wheat-growing farms were to be established,

uhder the supervision of the-Baron, it is manifest that a large

section of country was deemed necessary, because the greater

portion of southern flat and wet lands were unfit for the pur-

pose of raising vheat;

Another circumstance is manifest. The agitations of his.

own country, growing out of the French revolutionary wars,,

VOL. Xx.

5

050

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and Ne-w Orleans.

were such as to induce the Baron to believe, no doubt, that families might be had, to almost any number, whose farms had
been devastated at home by the events of war, or who desired
to seek shelter from harassment in Louisiana. And in this
conclusion the Spanish government obviously concurred; and was furthermore of opinion, that great advantage would result to the province from such an establishment as was proposed by the Baron; and therefore he was most liberally dealt by.
From New Madrid, on the River Mississippi, through the country, to the lands designated, the government bound itself to transport the emigrant families and their baggage, to the numbei- of five hundred; to furnish them with support for six
months, and with seed for the first year. Thus, provision was made for a colony at public expense.
The Baron's design was the production of large quantities of Wheat. This was a primary step contemplated. But the leading object of profit, on part of the Baron, was the manufacture of flour; and that he should be the exclusive monopolist in grinding, the wheat. To secure this monopoly, he applied to the governor for a grant in property of the Bayou de Siar, and also the Bayou Barthelemi, and six toises of land on each side of said bayous, from their sources to their mouths, for the
purpose of enabling him to erect his mills on them, and of making the necessary dams and dikes: in doing which he all'pged that he would have to expend twenty thousand dollars,
or more. The grant was made, as solicited, for both the bayous. It declares that '-such mills as he (the Baron) may think prop-
er to erect, may be disposed of by him, together with the lands adjoining, as estates belonging entirely to him." And the
commandant, Filhiol, was ordered to survey the bayous and lands granted on each §ide thereof, and remit thel4urveys to
the governor, so that the Baron might obtain a correponding title in form. The Bayou da Siar bounds one side of the sur-
vey of twelve leagues, and the Bayou Barthelemi meanders
through its depth, for twenty or thiity miles. The Baron also stipulated bj-This contract that he inighi be
permitted to transport his flour to. Havana, and other places ,open to the free commerce of the province, without hinderance
or charge.
Taken in all parts, such was this contract and its objects. And as the motives of the parties enter decidedly into its construction, we hatv stated them in advande.* The manifest design of the Baron was to .become a large manufacturer of
flour; to control the inhabitants and monopolize the wheat, throughout the territory designated for the colony. He did
not propose to cultivate the sail himself, nor did ie require

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

651

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

land for this purpose; his grant in full property of the waterpower necessary for grinding was all the property he required. Over other lands within the twelve leagues he sought control,
but asked for no title to property in them. His first request to the Spanish government was in plain accordance with these views of the transaction; he solicited." that a district be designated about twelve leagues square, in which he may place the families he is"about to bring in": and the request was granted,
in the terms and for the purposes expressed by the petition. To hold that the language employed by the petition, and reiterated by the governor in reply, amounted to a title in property, would be a forced and unnatural construction, contrary to the objects proposed'to be accomplished, and in violation of the known policy of the Spanish government; which
was, to encourage population and agricUlture, but to discourage speculation, by refusing to grant large districts of arable
lands to single individuals. If the decree of June 20, 1797, was intended to cdnfer a title
in full property, and the term ""destine and appropriate" meant to convey the same title, that was plainly given to the two bayous, what occasion could exist for such a careful proceeding to obtain these bay6us in full property? The Bayou
Barthelemi lies within the grant, and the assumption is extravagant that it was twice granted; once June 12, and again
June 20, 1797. Another consideration shows the manifest inconsistency of
assuming that both grants were in full property. The grant of the bayous was on the express' condition that at least one mill should be constructed within two years from that date,
otherwise the grant should remain null. How could it stand
annulled on failure to perform a subsequent condition, if the larger grant was also in full property, and included the bayous? In such case, the forfeiture would not result to the crown, but to Bastrop himself; being saved by the larger grant, ifieluding
the bayous. e And then, the twelve league grant having no condition in it, that of the bayous amounted to nothing, was
idle, and useless.
In the next place, if the Baron had -a perfect grant, the families brought in could only take titles from him as owner; the government having nothing left to grant. And yet these immigrant settlers applied to the Spanish government for titles,
which were granted, and that at a time when the meaning of the contract could hardly be misunderstood; being only a
couple of years. aftek it wasconcluded.
An instance is found in the record, and was given in evidence below. April 1, 1799, NIfichael Rogers, a settler placea

652

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philad-elphia and New Orleans.

on the land by Bastrop, applied for a title, and during Ihat year
,a perfect title was decreed by the Intendant Morales, according
to the petition of Rogers.
Again, if the Baron could not by.a conveyance make title to settlers, on what plausible pretence caA it be assumed that he could convey in full property the whole-twelve leagues'to
Morehouse and others? Furthermore, if. Morehouse took the full legal title by his
deed, on what ground can it be assumed that our government
could defeat such fee-simple title in Morehouse, and his alienees, by making grants in fee to individual settlers, either coming
in under Baron Bastrop or otherwise-? And yet this has been
uniformly done. For forty years and more, the claimants under this grant have st6od by, announcing that they were feesimple owners, and in possession of a perfect legal title, without an attempt to try the strength of their claim by suit The manifest truth is, that the validity of this claim has been disavowed by the Spanish and American government-, and that
the claimants had no onfidence in it themselves; certainly not enough to risk a trial of it in a court of justice, as they might at all times have done, by petitory actions against obtruders. These references, however, to particular transactions and facts,
. whether found within or outside of the title-papers, are of little consequence, compared with the prominent and conclusive consideration, that a complete Spanish grant uniformly (so far ,as our knowledge extends), plainly, and in language the most direct and unequivocal, gave to the grantee the whole ownership to the land granted, for him and his successors; with power to sell the same at his will. An instance of such grant is given in 8 Howard, 314, attached to the case of. Menard's
Heirs v. Massey. We repeat, that no language is employed in any part of the
contract with the Baron de Bastrop, importing a grant in property. No expression is used by the Spanish governor conveying such intention. It is plainly a contract that a large district
should be designated on lands belonging to the public domain,
where the Baron might exercise certain exclusive privileges. In its nature and extent of grant this contract is identical with that made on the same day (June 20,1797) with the Marquis de
Maisdn-Rouge, appropriating a district of country adjoinihg to
that set apart for the Baron de Bastrop, on which the Marquis agreed to establish settlers, and which lands were claimed under his will, on an assumption that the grant was complete
and conferred absolute ownership. The principles governing the two contracts are the same. The'claim set up under the Marquis de Maison-Rouge was adjudged not to have given

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

653

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

any title, in the case of United States v. King, first reported in 3 Howard, 773; but, which was finally decided in 1849, and stands reported in 7 Howard, 833. We deem, the principles there adjudged as governing the case before us; and to the opinion of the court then delivered by the chief justice, and found in 7 Howard's Reports, we refer for a more full discus-
sion on this description of claim. Nor would we again have considered the question involved, had there not been various circumstances connected with the cause now before us, and ex-
pressions used in the agreement made by the Spanish authorities with the Baron de Bastrop, that are supposed to be of a character to distinguish the casesi and were urged in argunment as having done so; but which ge found on examination to be
immaterial. On the whole, we are of opinion that the decree of the Dis,
trict Court should be reversed, and the petition dismissed; and
so order.
The causes of United States against Louise Livingston and .others, and United States against Thomas Callender's widow and heirs and others, claiming under Bastrop, are. identical with the cause above decided; and for the reasons here assign. ed, it is ordered that both the decrees in these causes be reversed, and that the petitions be dismissed.

Mr. Justice McLEAN, Mr. Justice WAYNE, Mr. Justice McKINLEY, and Mr.'Justice GRIER dissented.

Mr. Justice McLEAN. I had hoped that the attitude in which this case was presented would have led to a different result from that which has just been pronoiinced. It appeared to me that there were grounds for such an expectation. The case is in chancery. It presents
the broad basis of equity, and in this view, I supposed, could not be considered as having been ruled by the decision in the case of the United States v. King. That was a petitory action
under the Louisiana practice, in the nature of an action of ejectment. In their opinion the court say : "If these defendants
had possessed an equitable. title against the United States, as contradistinguished from a legal one, it would have been no defence to this action. But no such title is set up, nor any
evidence of it offered. The defendants claim under what they insist is a legal title, derived by the Marquis de Maison-Rouge from The Spanish authorities." And in the conclusion of their opinion. the court say: "For the reasons herein before stated,
that this instrument of writing relied on by the defendants did
not convey, or intend to convey, the land in question to the 65 *

654

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

Marquis de Maison-Rouge, the judgment of the Circuit Court must be reversed, and the cause remanded," &c.
Now if the instrument did not convey the land by a com-
plete title to the Marquis, it by no means necessarily followed
that, under the usages of the Spanish' government, an equity was not transferred by if. It is admitted that all instruments of writing, whether purporting to be grants or contracts, must be construed by the court But if the instrument has been executed under foreign laws, and especially if it relate to the realty, parol evidence is heard both in regard to its form and
effect. This principle is as old as the law itself; and it arises from that natural sense of justice 'which pervades all systems of jurisprudence. And if on such an investigation it should appear, that an interest less than a complete title was cqnveyed, the interest would be protected under the treaty of.
1803, and the acts of Congress. By the act of the 26th of May, 1824, made applicable to this
case by the act of the 17th of June, 1844, claims are provided for "which might have been perfected into a complete title, under and in conformity to the laws, usages, and customs of
the government under which the same originated, had not the sovereignty of the country been transferred to the United
States." And the proceeding in the court is to "be conducted according to the rules of a court of equity." And the decree
in regard to the title is to be "1according to the law of nations, the stipulations ofany treaty, and proceedings under the same, the several acts -of Congress in relation thereto, and the laws and ordinances of the government from which it is alleged to hove been derived." The treaty of cession stipulated that the property of the citizens should be protected. And if the claim.
now befoi us, under the Spanish law, could be denominated property, this court have jurisdiction, and the right should be
maintained. On 'a mature examination of this whole case, I am brought -to the conclusion that, under the Spanish government, the right now asserted would have been enjoyed by the
Baron de Bastrop, his heirs and assignees. He brought over from-Europe, and settled on this grant, at
least one hundred and eleven families, at an expense, probably, of from thirty to fifty thousand dollars. His labors and responsibilities were very great in carrying out his engagement' with the government, and he would have completed it, without doubt, had not the importation of families been suspended, at the instance of the government, on account of the scarcity of funds. The enterprise was deemed of the highest importance by the Governor-General. In a letter to Filhiol, the com-
mandant at Ouachita, dated New Orleans, 2d April, 1795,

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

655

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

Carondelet says: " Your hopes are about to be satisfiea." 94We have just passed a contract with the Marqidis of MaisonRouge for thirty families of agriculturists," &c. " On the other hand, the Baron de Bastrop, a Hollander, has contracted also
for a quantity of families who will come to us direct from Hol. land," &c. And he remarks: "Accordin g to this plan you see,
Sir, that you will no longer,'be so isolated as heretofore, and that in a short time you will find yourself in a condition to
make head against the savages," &c. How favorably would such a consideration contrast with
those on which immense tracts of land were granted, by the
Spanish government, in Egst and West Florida, and which have been- confirmed by this court. The construction 'of a saw-mill, the formation of a cow-pen, or other service, real or
supposed, rendered to the public, was deemed sufficient to authorize a large grant of territory. - This was the policy of that
government, and, under the faith of the treaty and the acts of Congress referred to, it was sanctioned by this court.
For more than fifty years have the families brought from Europe by the Baron de Bastrop .been in possession of this
land. They occupied and improved it as their own, and, in' the course of nature, their children and descendants may now
be supposed to possess it. The right of each family was limited in the grant to four hundred arpents. This claim, being
located and designated by boundaries, entitled each family to a particular tract, and some evidence of title was necessary,
whether from the Baron de Iastrop, or, by his designation and consent, from the governor, would seem to be unimportant. In
fact, it could have been only a mere allotment among the families in pursuance of the grant. Of this character was the al-
lotment to Michael Rogers; it was a recognition of the grant to Bastrop.
The correctness of this statement is shown from a letter of Filhiol, dated 12th September, 1796, to the Marquis de MaisonRouge, which says, referring to a letter from the Governor-General: - " His Excellency adds: I charge you also, Sir, in the
absence of A. de Grand Pre, to oblige M.'de Maison-Rouge to
make choice of the four thcusand arpents of land which are to be distributed to the thirty families which he is to establish."
It appears from the evidence, that about twenty-bne thousand dollars have been paid in tgxes upon about three sevenths of this grant, and it is supposed that a larger sum has. been
paid on the other four sevenths.
What was the nature of the title given to the Baronde Bas.
trop ? In his petition to the Governor-General, dated the 20th of

656

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

June, 1795, he asks that there should be designated a district of about twelve leagues square," &c., "in order that, without the
least obstacle or impediment, those families may proceed to settle upon them which he is going to iniroduce under the express condition that concessions of land are to be gratis; and
that under no title or pretext can they exceed the quantity of
four hundred arpents at most." The decree of the governor the following day was: "Consid-
erhig the advantages which must result from the establishment,"
&c., "the commandant of Ouachita, Don Juan Filhiol, will .designate twelve leagues square, half on the side of the 'Bayou de Siar, and half on the side opposite Ouachita, for the purpose of proceeding to locate upon them the families which the aforesaid Baron may direct; it being well understood that to none shall there be given a greater concession of land than that of four hundred square arpents at most; gratis and free from all dues, inasmuch as the object of this establishment is to be only
for the cultivation of wheat," &c. And the gdvernment is asked "to fix the number of families which the petitioner is to introduce." In the decree which followed, it is said: " The petitioner may introduce to the number of fiVe hundred families." And the government undertook to pay the expense of conveying the families from New Madrid to Ouachita, and furnish them With provisions for six months, "Provided that, if, after the lapsd of three years, the greater part of the establishment shall not*have been made good, the twelve leagues square destined for the families which the Senor petitioner will send shall be occupied by the first families that may present them-
selves." The expenses to the government-under this decree being
greater than its limited means would warrant, the Baron de Carondelet, on the 19th of June, 1797, gave an official paper to the Baron de Bastrop, stating, "whereas, , on the part of the
Senor Intendente, by reason of the scarcity of funds, the suspension of further remittance of families has been solicited
untilthe decision of his Majesty, there should be io prejudice to you by the last paragraph of my decree, which expresses that, if, at the end of three years, the greater part of the establishment shall not have been found made good, the families which
may present themselves shall be located within *the twelve leagues destined for the establishment which you have com-
menced, .and it shall only take effect two years after the course of the contract shall have again commenced, and the determi-
nation Qf his Tiajesty shall have been made known to you.".
And on the 20th of June, in the same year, the Baron de Carondelet issued a concession, stating, " Whereas the .Baron

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

657

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

de Bastrop, in consequence of the petition, under date of the 20th of June of the year last past, and decree of the 2 1st of the same, has commenced the establishment of the Oua-
chita, which thereby he stipulated with the government, in order to avoid all obstacle, difficulty, and embarrassment hereafter, and that with all facility the families may be located,
which, to the number of five hundred, the said Baron is successively and proportionally to introduce, or cause to be introduced, we have determined to designate the twelve leagues destined, for said establishment in the terms, with limits, landmarks, and boundaries, and in the place which is designated, fixed, and marked out by the figurative plan and description,
which go as a caption of.this title, Which are made out by the Surveyor-General, Don Carlos Trudeau, it having appeared to us'to be thus most expedient to avoid all contestation and dis-
pute, and approving them, as we do approve them, exercising the authority which the 'king haa granted us, we destine and appropriate, in his royal name, the aforesaid twelve leagues, in order that the said Baron de Bastrop may establish them in the terms, and under the conditions, which are expressed in the said petition and decree." The boundaries of this grant are made certain by its calls, the figurative plan of Don Carlos
Trudeau, the Surveyor-General, and an actual survev executed by MeLaughlan.
Does this grant convey any title to the Baron d6 -Bastrop,
and if it does, to what extent? The consideration which induced the grant was, the estab-
lishment of five hundred families within its limits.- As each family was restricted to four hundred arpents, the five hundred
would occupy only two hundred thousand acres, leaving eight hundred thousand within the grant unappropriated. In the first grant, if the greater part of the establishment should not be made good within three years, the first families that shall present themselves were to be received, as a part of the five hundred which were to be introduced by Bastrop. And as the pecuniary aid of the'government was withheld, the above
condition was suspended until.the lapse of two years after the
will of the sovereign should be made known. Governor Bouligny, a contemporary, speaking of this grant,
says: "nLeut s make the calculation upon a million of arpents,
in round numbers. Bastrop has obliged himself to introduce
and locate in this tract five hundred families of cultivators, giving them to each family a piece of land ten arpents front
upon the Ouachita or Bayou Siar by forty arpents depth, which will make a superficies of four hundred arpents for each family, so that the five hundred families will occupy a surface of two

658

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

hundred thousand arpents. So that there 'ill be to him, in absolute property and lordship, eight hundred thousand arpents."
To suppose that the Baron de Bastrop would engage in such an enterprise, involving an immense expenditure of money, in addition to the great labor and responsibility of superin-
tending the importation from Europe of five hundred families, would be unreasonable, and against the established usages of the government. The service was one of the greatest importance to the country, and it was favored by the sovereignty
itself. This is shown by the express sanction by the king of the
contract made by the Baron de Carondelet with the Marquis
de Maison-Rouge, to bring into the country thirty families, dated 17th March, 1795; and as a consequence of which there were subsequently granted thirty superficial leagues. The transaction with the Baron de Bastrop occurred about the
same time.
It is true, that Morales, being Intendant ad interim, and being under obligations to provide means to meet the expenditures arising out of these and similar grants, remonstrated to the king against the policy of 'making them. He says, in a letter to Don Pedro Varela y Ulloa, dated October 16th, 1797: "As an instance of what I here state, observe the contract be, tween Baron de Carondelet and Baron de Bastrop, for the settlement of fifteen hundred Protestant families, in the one
hundred and forty four square leagues of plain ground, in the district of Ouachita granted by the governor, on condition that the royal Hacienda should pay the expense of transporting those persons from New Madrid to their place of settlement, of maintaining them for the first six months," &c.; and he says
it would cost the treasury $ 125,000, and suggests: " It is not
probable that, if the Baron de Carondelet had hield the obligations of the intendency, he would have rendered it liable for a demand which there was no means to satisfy." In consequence of this remonstrance, by a royal order, dated 22d October, 1798, the right to grant lands was transferred from the Governor-
General to the Intendant.
It must be observed, if there be no error in the translation, that Morales was mistaken in stating the number of families, and that they were to be Protestants. In a letter dated the 25th of July, 1799, "heparticularly complains of the prodigality of Don Manuel Gayoso de Lemos in allotting large quantities of land to person's who could not even cultivate them," &c.
But, he says, "to annul these grants would be productive of great difficulties, and this must be considered an evil without
a remedy."

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

659

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

There is nothing in this change of policy, which was induced from a want of funds, to affect the rights acquired under the more liberal policy which preceded it.
But, it is said' the grant must be construed by its language, and not by extraneous facts and circumstances. This is correct as a general principle, but when we are called to construe an instrument, unknown to the laws with which we are familiar, and which was formed in a foreign idiom, and in accordance with usages and laws to which we are, in a great degree, strangers, it is wise and it is legal to follow the established construction of such an instrument under such laws. "
That the grant in this case separates the land designated from the public domain, is clear to my mind; and if separated,
has it not passed from the control of the sovereignty? Beyond the settlement of the five hundrea families, the government
had no demand on the grantee. This settlement being made, the condition of his grant is performed. And if the government failed, as was the fact, to advance the funds stipulated to be paid by it, and the -condition was suspended, its non-performance to the full extent is not imputable to the grantee. He stands upon the grant, having done what the law required him to do. Two hundred thousand arpents of the grant are appropriated to emigrant families; eight hundred thousand re-
main, not to the government, for the graht has separated the entire tract from the public domain. The grantee is under no obligation, express or implied, to settle more than five hundred families; the remainder of the grant, under any construction sanctioned by law or justice, I think, remains to him..
There are no words in this instrument which convey a fee simple at common law, but by the civil law it gives to the grantee, in my judgment, a complete title. No technical terms are necessary,, under the civil law, to c6nstitute such a title. The intent of the parties is ascertained by the language of the entire instrument, and effect is given to it accordingly. This mode of construction commends itself to our reason and judgment more strongly than the technical forms of the common law. Whilst the'latter are seldom understood by the uninstructed, the former cannot be misapprehended by an individual of ordinary intelligence.
In this grant words are used of strbng and'decisive import; words which, it is believed, show the intent of the grantor as fully as any that could have been adopted. "Exercising the au-
thority which the king has granted to us, we destine and appropriate, in his royal name, the aforesaid twelve leagues." To destine is "to set, ordain, or appoint to a use, purpose, estate, or place.", We are all "destined to a future state." " To fix

660

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v.Philadelphia and New Orleans.

unalterably by a divine decree, to appoint unalterably' The word appropriate,inthe sense used, signifies, "to set apart for
or assign to a particular use, in exclusion of all other uses"; "to claim or use by an exclusive right" No words 6f a more determinate character, to convey a complete title, could have
been found in any language. The.words " destinamos y apropiamos," as used in the original grant, mean, "to grant and deliver as property."
In the grant it is said, "We have determined to designate the twelve leagues destined for said establishment," &c. The five hundred families are named "that the said Baron de Bas-
trop may establish them in the terms, and under the conditions,
which are expressed in the said petition and decree." The intent of the grantor in this is plainly signified. The land granted is called the establishment, - the establishment of the Baron de Bastrop, which is destined and appropriated on condition that he shall establish thereon five hundred families, each hav-
ing four hundred arpents. Jn the Spanish forms it is still called
the establishment, indicating the terms on which it was granted. Under the Spanish laws and usages, the Baron dj Bas-
trop was a poblador, meaning "1one that peoples." Unider title 12, lib. 4, of the Recopilacion de Indias, there are
several books exclusively devoted to colonization. The viceroys exercised the power and discretion of the king in granting lands, &c., and the governors-general, in the absence of the viceroys, exercised'the same powers, and afterwards,- also, the intendentes. " There was no other limitation of this power "than that of not causing injury to-third parties."
" If," says the law, "in that part of the Indies already discovered there be any sites or districts so good that it may be expe-
dient to found settlements there, and any persons should apply themselves to making establishments and neighborhoods upon them, that they may do so with better will and greater usefulness, the viceroys and presidents may give them, in our name, lands, lots, and waters, according to the disposition of the lahd, so that itbe not to the prejudice of any third person, and that
it be for the time that it may be our-will." Temporary grants
were subsequently made perpetual. The tenth law further provides: "Let the lands be divided
without excess between discoverers and ancient pobladores and their descendants, who have to remain on the lands; and let the best qualified be preferred; and let them not have power
to sell to church or monastery, or other ecclesiastical person." I may hazard the assertion, without the fear of successful
contradiction, that the'remuneration given, for colonization, in the Spanish colonies, was uniformly a grant of lands. And

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

661

The United States v. Philadelphia and New Orleans.

these grants were often made in the form of this grant to the Baron de Bastrop. Indeed, the fa6e of the grant seems to me

to admit of no other construetion. The twelve leagues square

were "destined and appropriated," that is, "granted and deliv-

ered as property." To whom? Not to the five hundred fami-

lies only, for their rights are limited to two hundred thousand

arpents. It was destined and appropriated for or to the establishment, including the five hundred families and the Baron de

Bastrop, the poblador. There is no want of precision in the

grant. The rights of the families being limited, the remainder

belongs to the Baron de Bastrop, in full property, subject only

to the conditions expressed.

This is the result to which I have been brought by a careful

investigation of this case. And I am the more confirmed in

this opinion, as it concurs with that which has been expressed

by three of the most learned and eminent jurisconsults in Spain.

J. F. Pacheco, lanuel Cortina, and S. de Olozaga stand in the front rank of Spanish lawyers. Cortina was formerly min-.

ister of justice, the other two have both been prime-ministers.

I make these statements from the highest authority of Spain

in this country.

The opinions referred to are not authenticated so as to make

them evidence. But as I have arrived at the same conclusion

to which they came on a construction of the grant, I will ex-

tract from their opinion one or tvo sentences. "Destining and

appropriating the twelve leagues to the establishment of the

Baron de Bastrop, means the delivering them to his proprietor-

ship and dominion, he complying with the -conditions dth

which they were petitioned for and granted." And again: "In

it [tfie grant] are employed the words properly called effective,

' to destine and appropriate,' and the last, especially, .as well

legally as vulgarly, signifies, ' to make the property of,' so that

under whatever aspect the question is looked at, the twelve

leagues, by virtue of the said concession, became the property

of the Baron, and the property which he acquired in them was

the allodial and complete property recognized by our laws,

without other trammels than those in the general 'conditions imposed upon all pobladores and the special ones of this case;

and it appears that,-if these last were not fully complied with,.

it was not through the fault of the Baron, but through. obsta-

cles opposed to him by the authorities of the colony theniselves.. His failure of compliance cannot prejudice or diminish in the-

smallest possible degree the right which, by the concession, he

undoubtedly acquired '

In this opinion I have the, concurrence of my brother:

McKinley, whose views are embodied in it with my own.

VOL. Xi.

,56

662

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Livingston et al.

Order.
This cause came on to -be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana, and was argued by couseL On consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this court, that the title set up of, the petitioners is neither a legal nor eqctable claim, and is null and void. *Whereupon, it is now here ordered and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said District Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed and annulled, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said District Court, with directions to dismiss. the petition of the claimants.

THE UNITED STATES, APPELA.NTS, v. LouIsE LIVINGSTON, THE WIDOW
AND SOLE EXECUTRIX OF THE LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT OF EDWARD LIVINGSTON, DECEASED, AND CORA LIVINGSTON,. THE ONLY CHILD AND FORCED HEIR OF SAID EDWARD LIVINGSTON, AND THE
VpoF T, oAs BARTON.
THIs was an appeal from the District Court of the United States for. the District of Louisiana, and was a claim under the Bastrop grant - It was included in the opinion of the court in the preceding casq of the United States v. The Cities of Phila. delphia and New Orleans, - which see.

1)1E UNITED STATES, APELLANTSI v. ANN M. CALLENDER, ELIZABETH CALLENDER, CHRISTOPHER Q. CALLENDER, AND STANHOPE CALLENDER, OF THE STATE oF-NEw YORK, AND FRANCES CALLENbER, THE
WIFE or THoMxS SLIDELL, AND CAROLINE CALLENDER, THE WIFE OF
EDWARD OGDEN, OF THE STATE OF LOUISIANA, SAID PERSONS BEING - THE WIDOW AND HEIRS OF THE LATE THOmAS CALLENDER; SIDONIA
PIERCE LEWIS, WIFE OF PETER K. WAGNER, JOHN LAWSON LEWIS, LouISA MARIA LEWIS, THEODORE LEWIS, ELIZA CORNELIA LEWIS, ALFRED HAMPDEN LEWIS, ALGERNON SIDNEY LEWIS, GEORGE WASHINGTON LEwiS, BENJA14'. FRANKLIN LEWIS, AND JOSHUA LEWIS, A MINOR, REPRESENTED BY ELIZA MAGIONI, THE WIDOW OF ALFRED JEFFERSOIt LEWIS, HIs MOTHER AND NATURAL TUTRIX, ALL
OF THE STAtE OF LouxsIAxA ; THE SAID PERSONS HEREIN ACTING
AS THE HEIRS OF THE LATE JoSHUiA LEWIS AND AMERICA LAWSON, ms WIFE, AND ALSO THE COHEIS WITH MARY P. BowMAN OF
COLUMBUS LAWSON; MARY P. LAWsoN, THE WIFE or JOHN Bow-

142

SUPREME COURT.

McGill v. Armour.

For the reasons stated, it is ordered that the decree dismissing the bill be reversed, and that the cause be remanded to the Circuit Court, there to be proceeded in according to this opinion.
Order.
This cause came on to be beard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana, and was a-gued by counsel. Oh consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this cour, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Court, for further proceedings to be had therein, in conformity to the opinion of this court.

PENELOPE MCGILL, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JoSEPHINE H. AumouR.
Where a creditor brought an action against an executrix in the Circuit Court of the United States for Louisiana, and the petition only averred that the petitioner was shown to be a creditor by the accounts in the State court which bad jurisdiction over the estates of deceased persons, and then proceeded to charge the executrix with a devastavit, and exceptions were taken to the petition as insufficient, these exceptions must be sustained.
The petition should have gone on to allege farther proceedings in the Itate court analogous to a judgment at common law, as a foundation of a claim for a judgment against the executrix de bonis propriis suggesting a devastavit."
The laws of Louisiana provide for compelling go executrix to file a tableau of distribution, which is a necesgary and preliminary step towards holding the executrix personally responsible. The petition, not having averred this, was defective, and the exceptions must be sustained.
THIS case was brought .up, by writ ot error, from the Circuit Court of the -United States for the District of Louisiana.
As the decision turned upon a question of pleading, it is proper to insert the petition, and. the exceptions which were taken to it, by way of demurrer.
The petition was as follows.
"To the Honorable the Judges ,of the Circuit Court 'of the United States, held in and for the District of Louisiana, the petition of Penelope McGill respectfully shows:
"That she is a resident and citizen of the State of Mississippi.
" That Josephine Hurd Armour is a citizen of the State of Louisiana, resident in New Orleans.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

143

McGill v. Armour.

" That Josephine Hurd Armour is indebted to, and became liable to pay to, your petitioner the sum of $ 7,510.66, with eight per cent. per annum interest thereon, from and'after the 6th day of June, 1843, till paid, in the manner following, to wit: -
" On or about the 31st day of August, 1843, James Armour
died indebted to your petitioner in the sum of $ 7,510.66, with
interest, as above stated, the items of which debt are set forth in the papers annexed, and marked A and B.
" That, before his death, James Armour promised in writing to pay eight per cent. per annum interest on the funds which
petitioner ]eft in his bands, that is, on the sum of $ 7,510.66,
until their payment.
" That, at his death, James Armour left a will, in which he appointed Josephine IL Armour the executrix of the, said Will, and dispensed with the necessity of requiring her to give security.
" That, on the 11th day of September, 1843, she filed her petition in the Probate Court of the parish of Orleans, praying
the appointment of executrix of the last will of James Armour, on which said day she was appointed, and took the oath required by law; and on the 16th day of September, 1843, she was fully authorized to do all acts as executrix of the will of James Armour, and as such took possession of all the property of said James Armour.
"That James Armour, at the time of his death, owned property in New Orleans which was appraised at $ 70,058.61, and in the parish of Jefferson he owned property which .was appraised at $ 800; all of which came into the hands of said Mrs. Josephine H. Armour as the property of James Armour,
deceased. "That she has used for her own benefit all ot sara property,
except as herein below stated, and has appropriated no portion
thereof to the payment of the debts of James Armour. "That among the property of the said succession of James
Armour were found the following described notes: two notes of John Graham, each fbr $ 629.06, due on the 1st days of August, 1842 and 1843, payable to and indorsed by Buchanan, Hagand, & Co.; a note of Dougall McCall for $ 3,803.90, due 7th June, 1841; three notes of C. A. Warfield, for $ 619.67 each, due two, four, and six months after the 3d day of May, 1841; a note of
J. K. Patterson for $ 550, due on 1st November, 1841 ; a check of James Pardon, Brother, & Co., on the City Bank of New Orleans, for $ 100; another check of the same drawers, on the Commercial Bank of New Orleans, for $ 120; a due bill of
William Christie for $ 250; a draft of Francis D. Newcomb, on Rice Garland, for $ 75; four promissory notes of Francis D.

144

SUREME COURT.

McGill v. Armour.

Newcomb, all dated 15th December, 1842, each for $ 954.76,
due at six, twelve, eighteen, and twenty-four months after date. All of which several debts were dude to James Armour at the
time of his death, and have since become worthless and prescribed by means of the negligence of said Mrs. Armour; and all said claims bore interest at the rate of eight per cent. per annum, from their dates till paid.
"That, by means of said negligence, she has made herself
liable to the creditors of the said James Armour for the amount
of all said claims, $ 11,760 and interest at ten per cent. from
the several dates above mentioned until payment. "That she received and applied to her own use the fam-
ily residence of James Armour, valued at $ 15,000 ; she sold
two lots on Camp Street, near Felicity road, worth $ 600 ; the property in the parish of Jefferson, worth $ 800; the slaves Sampson, Betsy and child, Emily, Esther and child, Sarah, and Calvin, worth by appraisement $ 2,750; also, the household furniture and plate, carriage, &c., valued. at $ 1,000, making $ 20,150; all of which she used for her own benefit, and did not pay to the creditors of James Armour any portion of the
proceeds, although all said property belonged to James Armour. "-That the said Mrs. Armour owed said succession, of James
Armour $ 411.35, at the time of his death. She collected from
the various debtors of the estate of James Armour the various sums which are stated in the annexed invento:y to be due by
the persons therein named, and not hereinbefore set forth, which said several debts amount to fifty thousand dollars.
"That, by receiving the property enumerated in said in-
ventory, as the executrix of her husband's will,, she became bound to use all due diligende in collecting the property of
said James Armour; and also became bound to apply all the proceeds to the satisfaction of the debts of James Armour.
"That the said property was more than sufficient to pay all
the debts of iaid James Armour, if the said Mrs. Josephine H. Armour had used due diligence in collecting and in paying
over the proceeds of the property of said estate. "That, on the 13th day of December, 1843, the said Mrs.
Josephine H. Armour filed, in the Probate Court of the parish of Orleans, a provisional account of the affairs of the said' succession, with which she filed a statement of all the creditors of said estate, by which it appears that James Armour owed only forty thousand dollars, to pay which Mrs. Armour had the sum of setenty-one thousand dollars.
"That, in the said list of creditors, your petitioner is named and acknowledged to be a creditor of said succession of James
Armour, for the sum sued for herein.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

145

McGill v. Armour.

"That, upon opposition made to the said account and list of

creditors, it was adjudged that the said estate of Armour owed

to your petitioner the said sum of money; as also that the

debts of the succession amounted to forty thousand dollars.

"That, by means of the neglect and the misapplication of

the funds of said succession, Mrs. Josephine Hurd Armour has

become liable to pay the said debt to your petitioner, and also

to pay damages to the amount of eight thousand dollars, and

eight per cent. per annum interest from 6th June, 1843, till paid.

" The' premises considered, petitioner prays that the said

Josephine Hurd Armour be cited, and, after due proceedings;

that she be condemned to pay your petitioner the sum of

$ 7,510.66, with eight per cent. per annum interest from the

6th day of June, 1843, and damages as above stated. Peti-

tioner prays for a trial by jury, and for genieral relief in the

premises.

" STOCKTON &

STEELE,

Attorneys for Plaintiff."

In March, 1848, the defendant filed the following exceptions and answer.

"And the said Penelope McGill, by her attorneys, comes

into court, and, pursuant to the rules and practice i*n this hon-

orable court, files now this her exception and answer to said

petition.

" She excepts to said petition, and prays that the same may

be dismissed without further answer, for these reasons -

"9First.The said petition, and the matters and things therein

contained, are not good and sufficient in law to charge this de-

fendant, and show no cause of action against her.

"Second. The said petition is insufficient, for the r ason that all parties interested in the further settlement of said accounts

therein referred to are not made parties to said petition, and

the defendant cannot be called upon by each creditor of the

testator to render an account of her actings and doings.

"Third. The said defendant excepts to the jurisdictio'n of

this honorable court, sitting as a court of common law, to

determine and adjudge the matters involved in said petition,

and says that the same are only cognizable in chancery, and

according to the form of proceedings in equity.

"And if the said exceptions should be overruled, and- the

said defendant be required to make further answ'er unto said

petition, then, for answer to the same, she states: -

"That she denies, generally and specially, each and all of

the allegations in said petition contained, except such as are

hereinafter admitted. She admits that she was appointed the

VOL. XI.

13

146

SUPREME COURT.

McGill v. Armour.

executrix of the last will and testament of her deceased husband, James Armour; that she duly qualified, as executrix as aforesaid, and took upon herself the administration of said
estate.
" She further states, that she has- endeavored faithfully and honestly to discharge her duties as executrix, and avers that in all things she has administered the effects of said estate according to law; that she made full, true, and perfect inventory of the property of said succession, and all proper diligenc in collecting the debts of said succession; disposed of the property .thereof under and in obedience to the order of court; made reports of her actings and doings, and presented formal tableaux of distribution, which were duly approved and homologated by the Probate Court of the parish of Orleans, in which such matters were properly cognizable.
"The said defendant -further states, that the said succession of James Armour is and was at the death of the testator utterly insolvent, and that she is a creditor of said estate, recognized as such by the proper tribunal, and entitled to be paid before petitioner; and, although so recognized for a large amount, the assets are wholly insufficient to discharge the said claim; besides many other ordinary creditors, whose claims are equally as meritorious as the petitioner's.
"Wherefore defendant prays for trial by jury, and that judgment be rendered against petitioner; and she will ever pray, &c.
"W. C. Mfcotu
D. HUNTON."
In May, 1848, the Circuit Court, after argument, sustained the exceptions, and dismissed the suit, at the plaintiff's costs. The plaintiff sued out a writ of error, and brought the case up to this court.

It was submitted upon printed arguments by Mr. Butter-" worthI, for the plaintiff in error, and Mr. Benjamin,for the defendant in error.
The counsel for the plaintiff in error considered that the Circuit Court, by its judgment, had decided the three following points, in each of which there was alleged to be error: - 1st. That no cause of action was shown in the petition; 2d. That no proper parties were made; and 3d. That the suit should have been upon the equity side of the court. But as the decision of this court turned exclusively upon the first point, that one only will be noticed.
First. We think the petition shows good cause of action: no one disputes that an executor is responsible personally to

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

147

McGill v. Armour.
some one for the value of the property received by him; either for its restoration in kind, or for its value, if the property or its value has been lost by his negligence whilst it remained in his possession. See 11 La. R. 22; 9 Rob. 405, 447; 9 La. R. 49; 3 Martin, N. S. 707; 7 Rob. 478.
This responsibility is directly in favor of the parties for whose benefit the property is received by the executor.
According to the law in Louisiana (and we believe everywhere else) creditors of the deceased have a right- to be paid out of the funds in the hands of the executor, in preference to all other persons, whether legatees or heirs. Civil Code, Art. 1627. And they are the parties principally interested in so much of the property as is needed to satisfy their claims; colsequently, the account must be rehdered to them of the property received, and payment must be made to -them, if it is destroyed. No one else is interested in this matter.
Now, the plaintiff has set forth that the defendant received property worth $ 71,000, and that the debts were only $ 58,000; that she has destroyed a large amount of the notes, allegations, &c., by permitting them to become prescribed and worthless; that she has converted to her own use properry worth $ 20,000, and that she has collected debts due to the estate of James Armour worth $ 50,000; that she has paid no one any thing, and that all this money, $ 71,000, was received as funds with which to pay plaintiff's debt and that there is no other fund from which it can be paid.
There is a tacit or quasi contract made by an executor in receiving property of a succession, that he will pay it to the parties to whom it rightfully belongs, that is, first to the creditors, then to the legatees, then to the heirs of the deceased.
Plaintiff sets forth that this quasi contract has been violated so far as she is concerned, and she asks its enforcement; also, she says the defendant received property to the value of $ 71,00f,
which property was received by her to pay this very debt, and that by the negligence bf the defendant it has partly become worthless, and that she has herself consumed and used the balance, and thus she has damaged the plaintiff to the whole amount of her debt Thus she shows two good causes of action against the defendant.

The counsel for the appellee replied to this point as follows. 1st. The petition is insufficient. As the demand is for a judgment de bonispropriis,the action is in the nature of a devastavit, at common law. In order to sustain such a suit at common law, there must be judgment and execution. 1 J. J. Marshall, 362; Erving v. Peters, 3 Term Rep. 685.

148

SUPREME COURT.

McGill v. Armour.

Action may be brought upon the judgment without execution, upon a suggestioAi of a devastavit, but it is usual to sue out afierifacias,and state the judgment, writ, and return. 2 Williams on Executors, 1224, with numerous cases cited.
The reason why the judgment without execution is sufficient is stated on the same page. 16The foundation of the action is the jtrdgment obtained against the executor, which, as there has been already occasion to show, is conclusive upon him to
show that he has assets." 2 Williams, 1224.
Hence, whenever the executor is sued at common law, lie must, at his peril, plead plene administravit;if he fail to do so his silence is a confession- of assets, and he is not permitted ever after to deny that he has sufficient assets to pay the demand. 3 Term Rep. 690; 3 Bac. Abr., tit. Executors (IM.);
Siglar v. Haywood, 8 Wheaton, 678. There is no averment of judgment or execution in the peti-
tion. It is true that the plaintiff alleges that her name and debt were placed on a list of debts, and that on opposition it was adjudged -" that the estate of Armour owed petitioner the said sum of money" But this is a very different thing from the judgment against an executor at common law. Such a judgment rendered simply is proof of assets; but t mere decree that the estate owed the debt is no judgment whatever
against the executor, and no proof of assets on suit for de-
vastavit.
The proceeding to which the petition alludes is peculiar to the laws of Louisiana. No creditor is permitted to bring suit for the debt of the estate, without first presenting his claim to
the administrator. If the claim. be acknowledged in writing by the administrator, the creditor "may present it to the judge, that it may be ranked amongst the acknowledged debts of the succession." Louisiana Code of Practice, art. 984, 985. If the administrator refuse to acknowledge the claim, then the creditor may bring suit. Art. 986. But the judgment obtained gives no priority, and the creditor can only obtain payment concurrently with the other creditors. Art. 987. And when the administrator has funds to pay, he calls all the cred-
itors together, to. receive the amounts due .them respectively.
,Art. 988.
The judge is empowered to direct the sale of property for payment of debts, and when the representative of the estate has funds, he calls the creditors together, by publications notifying them that a dividend has been declared, and a tableau
thereof filed in court, in 'accordance with which the funds will be distributed after approval by the judge. In other words, estates are administered in Louisiana like bankruptcies. The

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

149

McGill v. Armour.

executor, is the assignee, and he makes payments or declares dividends only under the orders of the court,
The acknowledgment of the executor is often made, as in this instance, by filing in court a list or statement of the debts of the succession. This list approved or homolo'gated establishes the debt as against the succession, and entitles the creditor to participate in any future dividends. Such is the judgment of the plaintiff in this suit. How different it is from the judgment necessary at common law to support the action of devastavit, is too obvious to require any argument It is' dif-
ferent in its effects and its legal consequences. No execution can issue upon it, and it does not imply assets in the hands of the executor. Such a judgment is therefore insufficient to support the action.
If"it be pretended that the mode of proceeding in Louisiana precludes any other form of judgment, we reply that such is
not the case. The rights of creditors are fully protected under our laws. If he has reason to believe that there are funds in
the hands of the executor, he may call upon him by rule, and enforce its ditribution. He may even demand the exhibition of his bank-books and accounts, to ascertain if he have funds.
Act of 1837, Bullard & Curry's Digest; Kenner v. Duncan's Executors, 3 Mart. N. S. 563.
Such a distribution of funds in hand is a judgment in favor of each creditor for the dividend awarded to him. Morgan et al. v. Their Creditors, 4 La. 1. 174; Nolte et al. v. Their Cred-
itors, 7 Mart. N. S. 644; Preston v. Christin, 4 La. Ann. Rep. 102.
It is, moreover, a judgment ot assets to the amount of the dividend, and if after such a judgment the executor fail to pay, execution issues against him de bonis propriis. Code of Prac-
tice, Art. 994 and 1057. 'It is thus obvious that the laws of Louisiana do afford the
same remedies as the common law against estates. If the petition contained an averment that a tableau of distribution had been filed and homologated, confessing the possession of assets, and awarding full payment to the plaintiff, then she would be
in precisely the same position with a creditor having a common law judgment against an executor, and could maintain
her action of devastavit. The petition contains no such allegation.
The reason of the rule applies to both systems equally. Under neither can the executor be vexed by personal .pursuit,
until it has been established judicially that payment cannot be obtained de bonis testatoris. Until that be ascertained, no per-
sonal action lies against the executor. All the cases cited in
13 *

150

SUPREME COURT.

McGill v. Armour.

the printed brief of plaintiff's counsel support this view of the laws of Louisiana. The creditors and heirs may sue for an account, but no case can be cited in which such an action as the present has been sustained in this State, without showing a necessity for it, by proving that payment cannot be had from
the goods of the succession.
The position assumed in plaintiff's brief, that the executor is responsible to creditors for the property that comes into his
hands, and for his fidelity in administration, is fully admitted, but it is denied that the courts of Louisiana will entertain a suit in the nature of a devastavit, Without showing that the assets of the estate have been in some form exhausted. If the allegations of the petition be true, it is obvious that this suit is both unnecessary and vexatious. If property to the amount
of over $ 70,000 in value has come to the hands of the defend-
ant to pay debts of only $ 40,000, it is apparent that she is lia-
ble fpr the assets as executrix. She may be forced, under the heavy penalties imposed by law, on a breach of-. trust, to sell the property, collect the debts, and distribute the proceeds in the form prescribed by law. The plaintiff does not pretend that she has attempted to procure payment in that form. She alleges no rule against the defenda.it, no tableau of distribution
confessing assets, - no step whatever against her in her representative capacity, taken ineffectually. It is idle to say that
the executrix retains and appropriates to her own use the property and funds of the' estate. If such property and funds be in her hands, she can hold them only under the control and super-
vision of the court. She is compelled by law and by the duties of her office to administer and distribute, and no proof can be received that she has not done so, except a judgment of the proper court. Such a judgment any creditor aggrieved may always provoke. The petition alleges no such judgment; the
suit is therefore merely vexatious, and deserves no favor. The point is expressly decided in a case in the Louisiana Re-
ports, and we quote the opinion at lengh, to show that the 'principles above stated are fully recognized in Louisiana.
"The plaintiff is appellant from a decree setting aside an order of sequestration which he had previously obtained. This
order had been issued on his allegation that Tarbe and Nash had made a surrender of their property to their creditors, in the year 1837; that John Tarbe, one of the insolvents, had, been appointed syndic of their creditors, and by the latter dispensed
with giving security as such; that the defendant had illegally disposed of part of the property surrendered, by selling it at
private sale, and that he was about to dispose of a quantity of other property belonging to the estate in the same illegal man-

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

151

McGill v. Armour.

ner, to the prejudice of plaintiff and that of all the other creditors. We think that the court below did not err. The whole proceeding appears to us irregular and unwarranted by law. When a syndic has been legally appointed, and has taken
charge of the estate intrusted to him, no.individual creditor can sue him for a debt, or interfere with his administration. He may be ruled to produce his bank-book, file a tabldau of distribution, and pay privileged debts, &c., but he should not be suffered to be harassed by suits brought by individual creditors,
who allege or fear mismanagement on his part. If he has been guilty of malfeasance or gross negligence, he can, in due course of law, be removed from office by the creditors, and made liable in damages in his individual capacity. 6 Martin,
N. S. 126; Laws of 1837, p. 96.-Lallande v. Tarbe, Syndic,
15 La. Rep. 442. .This decision was made with reference to a syndic of insol-
vents ; but the mode of administration, and the rules applicable to it, are precisely the same in estates or successions.
It is thud established that the petition shows no sufficient
ground for an action of devastavit, either according to the laws of Louisiana or the common law.
If it were admitted that such a judgment as is required at common law could not be obtained in the State courts, this plaintiff could not be excused from obtaining it on that ac-
count., She is a citizen of another State, and the federal courts are open to her. She might there have obtained judgment and issued execution against the executrix, and the return of the writ would have justified the present action. But she seeks to avoid compliance with the requisites of the .law, and prefers to prosecute her suit without ascertaining by judicial proceedings that such a suit is either admissible or necessary. That she has chosen a course so irregular is significant
of the want of foundation for her demand.

Mr. Justice McLE AI delivered the opinion of the court. A writ of error to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana brings before us this case.
A suit was commenced by the plaintiff in the Circuit Court against the defendant, on a claim of debt amounting to the sum of $ 7,510, with interest, which James Armour, husband of the defendant, in his lifetime owed to the plaintiff. He died, having executed a will and made the defendant his executrix. 'She filed her petition in the Probate Court at New Orleans, and was duly authorized to act as executrix. At the decease of her husband, it is alleged, a large amoupt of property came
into her hands as executrix, which she used for her own benei

152

SUPREME COURT

McGill v. .ArmouT.

fit, and neglected to pay the debts of the estate. And it aver-
red that a misapplication of the funds has made the defendant liable in her individual capacity, and the plaintiff prays that she 'may be condemned to pay the above sum, &c.
The defendant demurs to the petition, on the ground that it is not sufficient in law to charge her, for want of parties, and
that the matters are only cognizable in chancery. And she answers that she has fully administered, having made a full
inventory of the property of said succession, and used all proper diligence to collect the debts, and disposed of the property in
obedience to the order'of the court; made reports of her acts,
and presented a formal tableau of distribution, which was duly approved and homologated by the Probate Court. That the estate proved to be insolvent, and that the defendant is a creditor, recognized as such by the proper tribunal, and is entitled
to a preference, &c.
At the trial the suit was dismissed, at the plaintiff's costs. This was a procedure at law under the forms adopted by Louisiana, and the question is, whether it is maintainable. The plaintiff demands a judgment de bonis propriis,against the defendant, no other step having been taken, or notice given, before the commencement of the present action. At common
law an executor or administrator is not chargeable on a devastavit, until a judgment shall be obtained against him. He is
bound to defend himself by legal pleading, and can have no relief in equity. If he suffer judgment by default, it is an ad-
mission of assets, and also if he file a plea in bar which he
knows to be false. So if he pleads only the general issue, and has a verdict against him. If he plead plene administravil,and on this plea assets -are found to be in his hands, he is liable only to the amount of such assets. 3 Bac. Abr., Execu-
tors, (M). Estates by the law of Louisiana are administered under the
special orders of the Probate Court. By the Code of Practice,
Art. 984-988, no creditor is permitted to bring suit without first presenting his claim to the administrator. If the claim be admitted by the administratorin writing, it is filed among the acknowledged debts of the succession. If the claim be rejected, the creditor may bring suit. Bat a judgment gives no pri-
ority. By articles 1167, 1168, and 1169 of the Civil Code, the cura-
tor of a vacant succession can pay no debts, except privileged ones, until three months after the succession is opened, andt then under the order of the judge. When the time for pay-
ment arrives, he must present his petition to the judge, with a statement of the debts due. And if the funds in his hands

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

153

McGill v. Armour.

shall be insufficient to pay the debts in full, he is required to make a tableau of the distribution and present it to the judge,
with a prayer that he should be authorized to make the paymenis accordingly. But if the administrator or curator "neglect or refuse to file a tableau of the estate, and obtain the order of the judge to make payment, he can be compelled to
do so on the demand of the interested, or in default thereof render himself responsible in his personal capacity." Kennet et al. v. Duncan's Executors, 3 Martin, N. S. 570.
This last procedure is as indispensable under the Louisiana law to authorize a proceeding against the executor or administrator to make him personally responsible, as an action and
judgment are necessary at common law to charge him with a devastavit. And it does not appear from the petition in the case before us, that any order of the judge was obtained as required, or that any proceedings were had to compel the defendant to exhibit a tableau of distribution, by which it would appear whether the executrix had assets in her hands to pay the whole or any part of the debt of the plaintiff. This action was commenced at law, and the fact is alleged that'a large amount of assets came into the possession of the defendant which have been misapplied, on which ground a personal
liability is sought to be enforced against her. This the law does not authorize. An executor or administrator by the laws of Louisiana is considered, in this respect,,as a syndic of an insolvent estate. In 6 Martin, N. S. 126, the court-say, when a syndic has been legally appointed, and has taken charge of the. estate intrusted to him, no individual creditor can sue hirii for a debt or interfere with his administration. He may be ruled to produce his bank-book, file a tableau of distribution, &c., but he should not be suffered to be harassed by suits brought by individual creditors. who allege or fear mismanagement on his part.
The judgment of the Circuit Court is affirmed, with costs.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the recora from the "Circuit'Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel On: consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this case be. and the same is hereby, affirmed, withi costs.

570

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Power's Heirs.

land, be, and the same is hereby, vacated and annulled; that the said David M. Hughes do, within one calendar month from
the time of filing the mandate of this court in the said Circuit Court, surrender said patent to the clerk of said court; that the
said clerk shall certify under the seal of the said court, on the face of the said patent, that it is annulled by this' decree, and
then transmit the same to the Commissioner of the General Land-Office at Washington city; that the said David M. Hughes be, and he is hereby, for ever enjoined from prosecut-
ing any suit in law or equity on said patent as evidence of title. And it is further adjudged and decreed, that this cause
be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to carry this decre@ into effect, and for such further proceedings to be.had herein, in conformity to the opinion of this court, as to law and justice may appertain.

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, v. THoriAs P6WER'S HEIRs.

The twelfth section of the regulations of O'Reilly in 1770 required, that there should be an order of survey, a proces verbal by the surveyor of the province, three copies of the plat made out by him, one of which should be deposited in the office

of the scrivener of the government, and Cabildo, a second delivered to the gov-

ernor, and the third to the-proprietor, to be annexed to the titles of the grant. Where a grant was alleged to have been issued by the Spanish governor of Louisi-

ana in 1781, and the only evidence of it was a copy taken from a notary's book,

the title was invalid.

At the date of the grant, viz. fst Angust%1781, the Spanish governor of Louisiana

was only the military commandant of that part of West Florida in which the lands granted were situated. He held the country by right of conquest. The Spanish laws had not been introduced into the country, and it was not ceded to Spain by

Great Britain until 1783. The governor had therefore no authority to grant land

in 1781.

Under the acts of Congress of 1824 and 1844, the District Court had no power to

act upon evidence of mere naked possession, unaccompanied by written evidence,

cUonnfedtrehrreinvga, roiorupsroafcetsssionfgCtooncgornefsesr,realattiitnleg

of to

some laud

decription. titles in that

the Perdido, and

the thirty.first degree

otrfacntorotfhcolautnitturydeb,e-a is

tween the Iberville,

is not barred against the United States, although it

complete title, unrecorded,

barred against any private claim derived from the United States.

THis was an appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi. . It was the case of a petition, and amendeO petition, presented by the heirs of Thomas Power to the District Court for the
Southern District of Mississippi, the first on the 15th of June, 1846, and the latter on the 11th of November, 1846, under the
act of 1824, as revived and reenacted by that of 1844, claiming two very valuable islands, lying off the coast of the State of
Mississippi, opposite the Bay of Biloxi.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

571

The United States v. Power's Heirs.

The petition and amended petition, in substance, set forth, that, before the year 1760, Deer Island was occupied, with the verbal consent of the provincial authorities, by Pierre Laclede and Pierre Songy, who, on the 11th of September, 1760, sold all their rights to Andr6 Jung; that on the 7th of March, 1761, the said Jung made a similar sale to Ignace Brontin; and that, on the 8th of April, Brontin sold all his rights to Francisco Caminada.
That afterwards, on the 1st of August, 1781, Caminada received a grant of the said island called Deer Island, and another called Ship Island, from Bernardo de Galvez, then Spanish governor of Louisiana, which, it is alleged, then extended to the east beyond the said islands, as follows, viz.: -

"Don Bernardo de Galvez, Knight Pensioner of the royal and distinguished Spanish Order of Charles the Third, Colonel of the Royal Army, Governor, Intendant, and InspectorGeneral of the Province of Louisiana, &c., &c.
"Considering the foregoing acts performed by Don Francisco Caminada, which establish the right of pogsession which he has to the tvo islands, Deer and Ship, situated in front of the coast of Biloxi, recognizing them to have been made out agreeably to the order of survey, witliut causing prejudice to the neighbors adjoining, and without any opposition on their part; on the contrary, yielding, as 'it appears, their assistance to the said acts, approving them as wd do.approve them, there-, for using the authority which the king has *confided to us (otorganos),we grant in his royal name, to the saidDon Fran. cisco Caminada, the possession of the aforesaid two islands, Deer and Ship; that as his own property he may dispose of them, and enjoy them, governing himself by said acts, and observing in every thing that which has been ordered foi the settlement of the subject-matter.
" We give these presents, signed with our hand, sealed with the seal of our arms, and countersigned by the undersigned Secretary of his Majesty for this government.
In New Orleans, on the 1st day of August, 1781.
"BRNARDO DE GALvEZ.
"By order of his Excellency. "MANUEL ANDRES LOPEZ DE ARMESTO.

"Registered in book of records for said object, in the archives of my office, at folio 14. New Orleans, November 8th, 1781.
"' LONARD MTARANGE, Notary2'

The above, being a notarial copy, was the only evidence exhibited of the grant. The original was lost.

572

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Power's Heirs.

The petition further stated, that on the 2d of December,
1806, Prosper Prieur, acting as the testamentary executor of Caminada, sold tire two islands to Thomas Power, to whom the petitioners are heirs.
The amended petition further stated, that Caminada was an inhabitant of Louisiana, where he lived and died; that the
Surveyor-General of Mississippi, acting under instructions of the Treasury Department, was executing, by a deputy, a survey of the islands, which had not been completed; but Deer
Island was estimated to contain about two thousand acres, and Ship Island three thousand acres; that the petitioners had no
knowledge or information of any adverse claim of title, save and 'except transient and temporary squatters, who from time to time
had occasionally occupied parts of each island; and that they had no knowledge or belief that the title was ever presented by
their ancestor toany board of commissioners whatever.
To this Petition the district attorney filed his answer on the 13th of January, 1847, and insisted that the original petition was not filed within the. time-limited by the act of 1824 and
the act of 18E28 amendatory thereto; and that, the amended petition not having been filed until the 11th of November,
1846, the petitioners were barred and precluded from the institution of any suit against the United States, who relied upon
the; act of Congress of 1828 as limiting the right to one year. But if it should be decided that the limitation was two years as provided in the act of 1824, they still insisted that the claim was barred, the, amended petition not having been filed within two years from the passage of the act of 1844. The answer
further denied the grant to Caminada in 1781, and the sale by his testamentary executor to Power. But if ever such a sale
was made, they denied the right of the executor to niake it, or to divest the rights of the heirs of Caminada, or pass any title to Power. They know nothing of the sale from Laclede and
Songy to Jung, or of the sale to CEfminada, and they required proof of the identity and rights of the parties claiming. They further denied that, at the. time of the alleged grant in 1781, Caminada was an inhabitant of Loisiana, or that he lived and died there, .or that any order of survey was executed for
Caminada previous to the date of said alleged grant. The answer further stated, that the allegations in the petition and amendment were noz sufficient, if true, to authorize a decree
against the United-'States, and claimed the benefit of this objection in the same manner as if it had been relied upon by a demurrer.
Documents were filed and evidence was taken, but it is not material to state the substance of either.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

573

The United States v. Power's Heirs.

In November, 1848, the District Court decreed, "that the claim and title of the petitioners to the two islands or parcels
of land as before described be, and the same are hereby, con-
firmed to them in full property, the said original ,grant or title, in the opinion of said court, being good.and valid, in virtue of' the patent therefor, and in virtue of the treaty of St.. lde-fonso, between Spain and France, of date October, 1800, and of the treaty of Paris of 1803, for the cession of -Louisiana
to the 'United States, and by the laws of nations, and by the acts of Congress hereinbefore referred to, under which this
court has cognizance of said case.
"And it is further adjudged and decreed, that, the two several islands aforesaid having each its natural boundary, a survey thereof is therefore dispensed with, and that the petitioners' title be confirmed to them in the whole extent of the natural boundaries of said islands respectively; and if, on investigation, it shall appear that the United States has heretofore made
sale of all or any part of said islands, then, a to such sales, the title hereby confirmed shall stand qualified and inoperative as
to the specific land so sold, and, in place and stead of the land so sold, the petitioners shall be permitted to enter a like quan-
tity of land within the same land district, which may be subject to sale at private entry."
The United States appealed to this court.

The appeal was argued by Mr. (Iritlenden (Attorney-General), for the appellants, and submitted upon printed argument by Mr. Henderson,for the appellees.

.lr. Crittendencontended that the decree must be reversed, for the following reasons.
I. That on the 1st of August, 1781, the date of the alleged grant, Governor Galvez had no authority to make the grant of Ship Island and Deer Island to Caminada, the cession by Great Britain to Spain of that part of the country where they lie not having been made until the definitive treaty of peace of the ;3d of September, 1783.
By the treaty of peace of 1763, between Great-Britain, France, and Spain, it was agreed between France and Great Britain, "that, for the future, the confines between the dominions of his Britannic Majesty and those of his most Christian Majesty, in that part of the world, shall be fixed irrevocably by
a line drawn along the middle of the River Mississippi, from its source to the River Iberville, and from thence by a line drawn along the middle of this river and the Lakes Maurepas and Pontchartrain to the sea; and for this purpose the most Chris-

SUPREME COURT.
The United States v. Power's Heirs.
tian king cedes in full right, and guarantees to his Britannic Majesty, the river and port of Mobile, and every thing which he possesses, or ought to possess, on the left side of the River Mississippi, with the exception of the town of New Orleans, and of the island in which it is situated, which shall remain to France." 2 Clark's Land Laws, Appendix, 258.
War having been declared by Spain against Great Britain, in 1779, Galvez proceeded with a considerable force to invade the British territory, and on the 14th of March, 1780, Fort Charlotte, on Mobile River, capitulated to him. Pensacola also afterwards capitulated to him, on the 9th of May, 1781.
The ireaty by which Great Britain ceded the Floridas to Spain is dated the 20th of January, 1783.
The authorities to sustain the proposiion are, 1 Kent, 169; Wheat. Elements, 572; Clark v. U. States, 3 Wash. 104; U. States v. Hayward, 2 Gallis. 501; Polk's Lessee v. Wendell, 9 Cranch, 99; Poole v. Fleeger, 11 Peters, 210; U. States v. Reynes, 9 Howard, 127; Davis v. Police Jury of Concordia, Ibid. 280; U. States v,. Heirs of D'Auterive, 10 Howard, 609, decided the present term.
II. That there is no sufficient evidence of the execution of the alleged grant by Galvez, and, even if it were proved,. the claim under it cannot be recognized, because the said alleged grant was not presented and recorded in pursuance vf the fourth section of the act of the 25th of April, 1812, entitled " An act for ascertaining the titles and claims to lands in that part of Louisiana which lies east of the River Mississippi and island of New Orleans" 2 Stat. at Large, 715.
III. That if the grant toCaminada were valid, the petitioners have shown no title under it in Thomas Power, or in them as his heirs, as required by the act of 1824. The deed by Prieur to Power is not proved, and if it were, it is not shown that Prieur had any authority to make it.
IV. That-the petitions were hot filed within the time limited by law, and should have been dismissed.
Mr. Henderson, for the defendants in error, made the following points.
First Point The title of petitioners rests on a full, complete, and perfect grant,-a patent, the original of which is filed in this case, and is sixty-nine Years old. It was, and is, effective against all private persons, without- further confirmation by the United States; and when, as aQw, rightfully exhibited against the United States, is -equally valid against them, as perfect evidence of privae. property; and though a full legal title, - a " Spanish grant"- is withi the. direct cog-

CEMBER TERIM, 1850.

575

The United States v. Power's Heirs.

nizance of the first section oi the act of 1824, and the proper subject of this statutory jurisdiction in equity. 9 Peters, 733.
Second Point. The title, out of the United States, being perfect, legal, and indefeasible, the only question remaining is the right of the petitioners to that title.
Our first position on this point is, that the United States have no right or jurisdiction to try the question of title between the heirs of Caminada, the grantee, and the heirs of Power, who claim as assignees of the grantee. That, while it may be a matter of judicial propriety that the United States shouid require a prinizfacieshowing by the petitioners that they properly represent the "claim" in controversy, yet they have no right to demand an issue to try that question as between parties not before the court. It is for the United States,.under the la-v of 1824, to test the validity of the claim, and ascertain if the land in controversy is private property.. The State tribunals) -vhere the lands lie, will adjudge the title between its cit. izens. This inquiry cannot be thus incidentally invoked. 13 Peters, 375; 17 Louisiana, 479.
But, as the attorney of the United States in the court below pressed-this issue upon us, it niay be necessary we should sustain it here. It involves the inquiry, that, as the petitioners claim title by a notarial act of conveyance, made-to their ancestor in New Orleans, in 1806, by Prosper Prieur, as.testamentary executor of Carninada, of the lands in question, is there proof enough in this case, in the absence of direct evidence of the last will of Caminada, and of Prieur's appointment to administer it, to sustain. Prieur's act of sale to Power?
And on this point we assume, that this act, being notarial and authentic, is quasi judicial, and will be presumed to have been done by proper authority. 9 Pet. 625; 3 Har. & McHen.
5.94; 6 Greenleaf, 145; Civil C,)de of Louisiana, 2233. And at the date of this sale in 1806, the locus in quo formed part of the "Territory of Orleans."
And next, that this conveyance, being now forty-iour years old, requires no proof to authenticate its due and proper eiecution, and that this rule of presumption of the due execution of the deed necessarily includes all the concomitant prerequisites to its execution. 1 Greenleaf's Ev. § 21, § 144; 14 Mass. 257; 6 Greenleaf, 145; 14 Johns. 182; 10 lb. 475; 9 lb. 169; 2 Hawks, 233; 3 Hat. & McHen. 594; 7 La. 370; 2 How. Miss. 819; 5 Ib. 586; 6 Sm. & Mar. 284; 2 Rob. La. 84, 85; 1 Stark. Ev. 331, 332, note; 2 Stark. 924, notes 1, 2; 4 Wheat. 221; 7 Pet. 266; 2 How. U. S. 316"; 7 Sm. &'Mar. 159; 9 Pet. 674.
Third Point. But if the presumptions of law in'favor of the deed, from its age, &c.) were not sufficientI we have, by the tes-

576

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Power's Heirs.

timony of Johnson and Janin, prQved sufficient search for the mortuary proceedings on Caminada's estate, to lay the foundation of the secondary proof we have offered. 1 Greerd. Ev. § 84, and notes; 6 Greenl. 145; 14 Johns. 182. And we suppose the testimony of these witnesses, as to the lost record,-
whereon the Spanish governor (the highest judicial officer of -the province) had several times, by his signature, recognized
the executorial capacity of Prieur, - and the abstract of the record filed with Johnson's deposition, quite satisfactory, as
secondary evidence, that Prieur was in verity the executor of Caminada.
And as between Caminada's heirs and the heirs of Power, the title of the latter is now good by prescription. Power's heirs claim title, with the original grant in possession. This claim ,of title of unimproved lands draws after it possession commensurate with the grant. 2 Lomax's Dig. 132; 7 SO". &
Mar. 130. So that their possession, and that of their ancestor, is now
of forty-four years' continuance, without contest or molestation. For all these reasons, we conclude the title derived by
Thomas Power from the estate of Caminada is good and valid in this respect, and hence good to the extent claimed.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the court. In this case the petition sets forth that, before the year 1760,' Deer Island was occupied, with the verbal consent of the provincial authorities, by Pierre Laclede and 1ierrp Songy, who on the 11th of September; 1760, sold theirright of property thereof, and the improvements thereon, to Andre Jung; and that he made a similfr sale to.Ignace Brontin; that said Brontin sold the same to Francisco Caminada, who for a great length of time thereafter occupied said island; and that in 1806 Prosper Prieur, acting as the testamentary executor of Caminada, sold to Thofnas Power, ancestor of complainants, two islands,
known as Deer and Ship Islands, -for which two islands Francisco Caminda received a complete grant, August 1st, 1781, from Bernardo de Galvez, then Spanish governor of the
Province of Louisiana. The answer denies all these facts, and requires proof.
This claim -was presented to the District Court for the first
time, never having been laid before a board of commissioners, or any step taken in regard to it, previously to its exhibition with the petition, June 15th, 1846.
-In -the District Court it was held that the grant for both
islands was valid, and a decree was rendered against the United States.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

577

The United States v. Power's Heirs.

No evidence was introduced to prove that such grant had

been made, other than a Spanish copy certified by a notary,

from the Spanish records in his office. - The notarial record

purports to have been made November 8th, 1781. This copy

recites that it was founded on a petition of Caminada, asking

for the grant in consideration of acts performed by him; and

was made out agreeably to an order of survey and proces ver-

bal, with the assent and assistance of the neighbors; which

survey and proces verbal the governor approves, and on these

proceeds to grant.

Assuming that the Spanish regulations had been adopted in

Florida, then the rule governing surveyors, existing in 1781, .is.

found in the twelfth regulation of O'Reilly of 1770. It re-

quires the acts to be done which are recited in the grant, and

directs that three copies shall be made of the plot and proces

verbal by the surveyor of the provincb, one of which shall be

deposited in the office of the scrivener.of the government, and

Cabildo; another shall be delivered to the governor, and a

third to the proprietor, "to be annexed to the titles of the grant." Nothing of the kind here appears. The only evidence is,

that the grant was recorded on the notary's books, whether in

the proper office, to which a copy of the plan of survey and

proces verbal should have been returned, according to O'Reil-

ly's regulation, does not appear, although we suppose it was

the proper office, where one copy should have been deposited

by the surveyor; yet no authority existed for recording the

giant there, so far as we are informed: and if there had, no

complete title was recorded, as such title had to be accom-

panied by the plot and proces verbal, describing the land

granted. On this unsupported hnd mutilated copy alone the

decree of the District Court is founded.

Our next inquiry is, whether Galvez, who purports to have

made the grant, had power to do so on the 1st of August, 1781.

1. By the laws of nations, in all cases of conquest, among

civilized countries, having established laws of property, the rule

is, that laws, usages, and municipal regulations in force at the'

time of the conquest remain.in force until changed by the new

sovereign. And this raises the question of fact, whether the

king of Spain had chinged the laws of England existing in

the province, by virtue of which the public donlain copld be

granted to private owners, as early as August 1st, 1781, and

in their stead adopted the laws of Spain prevailing in Louisi-

ana; as, if the Spanish king had not done so, his officers

had no power to grant. Having nothing to govern us in ascer-

taining this fact but the history of Florida and of its conquest by Spain, it becomes necessary to examine that history, in so

VOL. x1.

49

578

SUPR ME COU'RT.

The Un ted States v, Power's Heirs.

far as the.same may be judicially noticed, and has any bearing
on the claim before us. It was first discovered, inbabited, and governed by France as
part of Louisiana, and by that power ceded to Great Britain. By the treaty of peace of 1763, the boundary between France
and Great Britain w-as declared to be through the Iberville, Lakes Maurepas and Pontchartrain, to the sea; and the French king ceded the river and port of Mobile, and every thing he possessed on the left side of the River Mississippi, with the ex-
ception of the town of New Orleans and the island on which it is situated. Deer and Ship Islands were therefore included
in this cession to, Great Britain. The king of Spain, by another article of the same treaty,
ceded to Great Britain Florida, with the fort of St. Augustine and the Bay of Pensacola, as well as all that Spain possessed on the continent of North America to the east or southeast
of the River Mississippi. In 1763 the king of Great Britain by proclamation created
the governments of East and West Florida. The g6vernment of West Florida was bounded to the southward by the Gulf of Mexico, including all islands within six leagues of the coast, from Appalachicola to Lake Pontchartrain; to the westv ard by
the Mississippi, Lakes Pontchartrain and Maurepas; to the north by the thirty-first degree of north latitude; and to the east by the River Appalachicola. In 1764, the northern line of Florida was extended by Great Britain from the Appalachi.,ola, at the thirty-first degree, to the mouth of the Yazoo, on the Mississippi River.,
Unzaga, having been appointed Captain-General of the Ca-
raccas, was, by a royal schedule of the 10th of July, 1776, directed to surrender provisionally the government and intendancy of Louisiana to Bernardo de Galvez, colonel of the
regiment of Louisiana. Spain having declared war against Great Britain on the 8th
of May, 1779, on the 8th of July following a royal schedule was is.ued, authorizing the Spanish subjects in the Indies to take part in the'war.
With the official account of the rupture, Galvez, who had
hitherto from July 1, 1777, exercised the functions of' governor pro tempore, received the king's commission of governor and
intpiidant. The Commission is dated 8th May, 1779, the day of the declaration of war, and is confined to the Province of
Louisiana. Galvez, on receipt of this commission determined to attack
-the British possessions in his neighborhood, and accordingly
did so. On the 21st.of September, 1779, Baton Rouge, Natchez,

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

579

The United States v. Power's Heirs.

and other posts in the same part of the country, capitulated to him.
His success was rewarded by a commission of brigadiergeneral, 1780.
Early in January, 1780, he proceeded to attack Fort Charlotte, on the Mobile River, which capitulated, 14th March, 1780. Shortly afterwards he proceeded to attack Pensacola, but his transports having been dispersed, and some of them lost by a storm, he went back to Havana, whence he had set out.
In 1781, he was promoted to the rank of mariscal de campo. On the 28th of February, 1781, he 'left Havana, again to attack Pensacola, and on the 9th of March landed his troops, and on the 9th of May the British forces capitulated. By express terms of the capitulation, the whole province of West Florida was surrendered to Spain; Don Arthur O'Neil, an Irish officer in the service of Spain, was left in command at Pensacola. The alleged grant by Galvez to Caminada bears a subsequent date, viz. New- Orleans, 1st August, 1781; less than three months after the capitulation of Pensacola. In the caption of the grant, Galvez is styled Colonel of the Royal Army, Governor and Intendant of the Province of
Louisiana. Mazange, who certifies the copy as registered in his office,
was appointed clerk of the Cabildo, 1st January, 1779, and
held the office until January, 1783. The preliminary articles of peace between Spain and Great
Britain were signed at Paris, 20th January, 1783. By the third article it is stipulated that "his Britannic. Majesty will cede to his Catholic Majesty Eat Florida, and his said Catholic Majesty will retain West Florida."
At the date of the grant, Spain held in military occupation the country to the east of the island of Orleans, under the capitulation of Pensacola, liable to be divested by reconquest
or surrender by a treaty of peace. Nothing is found in these historical details indicating that
the Spanish laws had been introduced into Florida, and superseded those of England, and that civil power had. been vested
in Galvez to grant lands. As this could only be done directly by the king, all presumptions are opposed to such supposition.
The grant purports to have been made within eighty days after the capitulation of Pensacola; a time, at that day, hardly suffi-
cient to have heard from Spain, after the account of the capitu-
lation reached there, had there been no hostile British fleet intervening to intercept intercourse. But what would seem to be conclusive of the fact is, that Galvez did not assume to grant

580

SUPREME COURT.

The United States'v. Power's Heirs.

by any new authority, but did so under his commission as governor of Louisiana; and as this bore date before the con-
quest, and did not extend to Florida, no such power could be exercised by force of that commission. And not having power to grant merely as a military officer in command, the grant
could not be. made by him, and is void. Nor can we suppose that Galvez made any grant of the date of August 1, 1781, as such assumption would be a reproach on his high standing and intelligence.
2. The grant having no force, the next question is,whether complainants have shown any equity entitling them to a decree. As to Deer Island, it is alleged that those under whom Caminada claimed had possessiorn by verbal permission from government for 'many years under France and Great Britain. But no proof of the fact was made; and if there had been
such proof, it would be of no value, as the District Court did not possess power to act on evidence of naked possession unaccompanied by written evidence conferring, or professing to confer, a title of some description.
As respects Ship Island, it is not pretenaed that any equitable claim to it existed antecedent to the date of the grant.
3. If we -had found this to be a legal 'and perfect title, then the rule laid down in the .case of Reynes, at the last term, would apply, and compel us to dismiss the petition for want ofjurisdiction, because the act of 1824 did not confer power on the District Courts to decide on perfect grants; but as a mutilated title-paper is here set up, unaccompanied by a plan of survey and proces verbal, which the grant refers to as a part thereof, and as an equity standing in advance of the grant is.relied on by the petition to one of the islands, it is our duty to act on the mutilated title, and on the assumed equity, and ascertain whether the claim as set forth by complainants can be -
sustained. We cannot declare in advance, that there is no equity in the
pretensions set up by complainants, as the act of 1824 imposes on us the duty "to hear and determine all questions arising irn
the cause relative to the title of the claimants" ; that is to say, in all cases where the title was not perfect according to the laws of Spain, when our government acquired Louisiana, and by a final decree to settle and determine the question of validity of title. And this must be done, regardless of the fact whether the equity set up be weak or strong in our judgment.
In the case of Reynes there was a perfect and formal Spanish grant set forth by complainant, and admitted to exist as set forth by the United States; and the only question was, whether jurisdiction in the Spanish government was wanting over the

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

581

The United States v. Power's Heirs.

country where the land lies at the time the grant bears date. No question arose on the face of that title, but on the extraneous fact, that the land lay beyond the Spanish jurisdiction.
The caes are widely different. 4. It was earnestly insisted in argument, that this claim is
barred, because it had not been recorded as prescribed by Congress. And as this question is prominently presented in the record, and has been fullv examined, it is deemed proper to decide it.
By the first section of the act of the 26th of March, 1804 (1 Land Laws, 112), "all that portion of country ceded by France to the United States under the namb of Louisiana which lies south of the Mississippi Territory, and of an east and west
line to commence on the Mississippi River at the thirty-third degree of north latitude and to extend west to the western boundary of the said cession, shall constitute a territory of the United States under the name of the Territory of Orleans."
The limits to the east from the Mississippi River extended to the Perdido, that river having been claimed by the United States as the boundary of Louisiana on the east from the execution -of the treaty of cession.
By the act of the 2d of March, 1805 (1 Land Laws, 122), " An Act for ascertaining and adjusting the titles and claims to land within the Territory of Orleans and District of Louisiana," the Territory of Orleans was to be laid off into two districts, in such manner as the President should direct, in each of which he should appoint a register, who, together with two other persons to be by him also appointed, should be commissioners for the purpose of ascertaining the rights of persons claiming under any French or Spanish grant, or under the first two sections of the act. The first section applies to claims under any duly
registered warrant or order of survey obtained from the French or Spanish government. The second applied to persons who, with permission of the proper Spanish officer, and in conformity with the laws, usages, and customs of the Spanish government, had made an actual settlement on a tract of land not claimed by virtue of the preceding section.
The act further provides, that every person claiming lands by virtue of any legal French or Spanish grant made and completed before the 1st of October, 1800, may, and every person
claiming lands by virtue of the first two sections of the act, or by virtue of any grant or incomplete title bearing date subsequent to the 1st of October, 1800, shall, before the 1st of March, 1806, deliver a n'ntice to the register stating his claims, together with a plat, and deliver to the register for the purpose of being recorded every gcant order of survey, deed, convey-
49

N2

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Power's Reirs.

ance, or other written evidence of his claim. Provided that where lands are claimed by virtue of a complete French or
Spafiish grant, it shall not be necessary to have any other evi-
dence recorded except the original grant or patent, and the warrant, or order of survey, and the plat, but the other evidence should be deposited with the register; "and if such person shall neglect to deliver such notice in writing of his claim, together with a plat as aforesaid, or cause to be recorded such written evidence of the same, all his right, so far as the same is derived from the two first sections of this act, shall become void, and thereafter for ever be barred; nor shall any incomplete grant,
warrant, or order of -survey, deed of conveyance, or other written evidence which shall not be recorded as above directed, ever after be considered or admitted as evidence in any court of the United States against any grant derived from the
United States?' This last provision does not apply to complete titles, (as
Caminada's assumed to 'be,) but to claims under incomplete titles, and claims arising from possession and cultivation under
the first and second sections of the act. It is not very clear what was comprehended within the limits
-fixed by the President as the eastern district. In a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury to the register at New Orleans, dated 30th March,-1805 (2 Land Laws, 666), it is said, "for the present all that part of the territory which lies east of the Mississippi," together with certain parishes on the west bank, will belong to the eastern division.
By the third section of the act of the, 2. st of April, 1806, supplementary to the act of 1805 (1 Land Laws, 139), the
time fixed for delivering notices and evidences of claims is extended to the 1st of January, 1807, but the rights of persons neglecting shall be barred, and the evidences of their claims never afterwards admitted as evidence, in the same manner as had been provided by the fourth section of the act of 1805.
This provision, therefore, only applied to incomplete titles and claims under possession and cultivation, and not to com-
plete grants. Bythe fifth section of the act of the 3d of March, 1807 (1 Land
Laws; 153), " An Act respecting claims to land in the Territories of Orleans and Louisiana," the time for delivering notices and evidences of claims was further extended till the 1st of July, 1808, but the rights of persons neglecting, "so far as they are derived from, or founded on, any act of Congress," shall ever after be barred and become void, and the evidence of their claims never afterwards be admitted as evidence in any court

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

583

The United States v. Power's Heirs.

of law or equity whatever. This provision, also, it will be seen, did not touch complete, grants.
By the act of the 23d of April; 1812, " An Act giving further time for registering claims to land in the Eastern District of Louisiana," persons (actual settlers on the land which they claiined) were allowed until the Ist of November, 1819, to deliver notices and evidences of their claims, with the same pro. vision as to neglect as in the act of 1807.
Complete grants were therefore still untouched.
It is proper hiere to mention, that, in the summer of 1810, a iumber of citizens of the United States, who had removed to the neighborhood of Bayou Sarah, took the fort of Baton Rouge from the Spanish authorities, and, in a convention which afterwards met, declared their independence and framed a constitution.
Upon receiving information that the Spanish troops had been driven from Baton Rouge, Mr. Madison, then President, issued a proclamation on the 16th of October, 1810, setting forth that the territory south of ,the thirty-first degree of north latitude east of the Mississippi hs far as the Perdido, of which possession had not yet been delivered to the United States,
had ever been considered and claimed by them as part of the country they had acquired by the treaty of 1803. He therefore announced that he had deemed it right and necessary that possession should be immediately taken of the said territory in the
name and behalf of the United States, and the governor of the
Territory of Orleans was directed to carry the views -of the United States into execution. Governor Claiborne according-
ly did so, and on the 7th of.December, 1810, hoisted the flag of the United States at St. Francisville, without opposition, and
announced the event by a proclamation, and subsequently established'in this new part of the Territory of Orleans the parishes of Feliciana, East Baton Rouge, St. Helena. St. Tammany, Biloxi, and Pascagoula.
No attempt was made fo occupy the town of Mobile, nor 1.rny part of the country around it, and the Spanish garrison of Fort Charlotte was left undisturbed; Governor Claiborne having been specially instructed not to take possession by force of any post in which the Spaniards had a garrison, however
small it might be. By an act of the 12th of February, 1813, the President was
authorized to occupy and hold all that tract of country called West Florida not now in possession of the United States. 3
Stat. at LirgE, 472. In pursuance of this act, possession was taken, by order of
the President; the governor of Louisiana having done so by.
the President's directions.

584

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. rower's Heirs.

These proceedings having placed tile United States in the actual possession of West Florida as far as Mobile, Congress on the 25th of April, 1812, passed " An Act for ascertaining the titles and claims to lands in 'that part of Louisiana which lies east of the River Mississippi and island of New Orleans." 1 Land Laws, 208. By the first section of this act it is enacted that for the purpose of ascertaining the titles and claims to land in that tract of country which' lies south of the Mississippi Territory, east of the River Mississippi and island of New Orleans, and west of the River Perdido and a line drawn with the general course thereof to the southern boundary of the Mississippi Territory, the lands within the said limits shall be laid
off into land districts bqtveen which Pearl River shall be the boundary, and for each of which districts a commissioner shall
be appointed. By the fourth section it is .enacted, that every person claim-
ing lands in the said tract of country, by virtue of any grant, order of survey, or other evidence of claim whatsoever, derived from the French, British, or Spanish governments, shall deliver
to the commissioner a notice in writing, stating the nature and extent of his claim, together with a plat, and shall deliver to
the commissioner, for the purpose of being recorded, every grant, order of survey, deed, conveyance, or other written evidence of his claim, and the same shall be recorded. "Provided that, where lands are claimed by virtue of a complete French, British, or Spanish grant, it shall not be necessary for the claimant to have apny other 'evidence of his claim entered at large on the retord, except the original grant or patent, together with the order of survey and the plat; all the other conveyances or deeds may be abbreviated in the entry, but the chain of title and the date of every transfer shall appear on the record. And, if such person shall neglect to deliver such notice in writing of his claim, together with the plat (in case the lands claimed shall have been surveyed), as aforesaid, or cause to be recorded such written evidence of the same within- the time and times as aforesaid, his claim Shall never after be recognized or confirmed by the United States; nor shall any grant, order of sur-
vey, deed, conveyance, or other written evidence, which shall
not be recorded as above directed, ever after .be considered or admitted as evidence in any court of the United States against any grant which may hereafter be derived from the United
States." The plain meaning of this provision is, that no Spanish
claim not recorded shall be evidence in cases where the same
land has been gfanted by the United States, and a contest arises between the two grants.

DECEMBER TE.RM, 1850.

585

The United States v. Power's Heirs.

This act, it is apprehended, is th'e first provision under which,

the grant to Caminada could have been brought forward; as

at the time of its passage the United States had come into ac-

tual possession of the country where the islands are situated.

By the act of 18th April, 1814, supplementary to the act bf

1812, the time for delivering notices and evidences of claim was

extended to the 1st of September, 1814. 1 Land Laws, 247.

The act of 3d March, 1819, " An Act for adjusting the

claims to land and establishing land-offices in the districts east

of the island of New Orleans," confirms claims reported under

the act of 1812, and confers on the registers and receivers of

Jackson Court-House and St. Helena Court-Hopse the same

powers as the commissioners east and west of Pearl River had.

By the sixth section it is declared, that every person claiming

land, whose claims had not before been filed,-" shall be allowed

until the 1st of July, 1820, to deliver n6tices in writing and the

evidences of their claims to the register 6f the land-office at Jackson Court-House and at St. Helena Court-House, and the

notices and evidences so delivered within the time limited by

this act shall be recorded in the same manner as if the same

had been delivered before the commissiqners closed their said registers?7'

By the act of 24th May, 1828, "An Act supplementary to

the several acts providing for the adjustment of land claims

in the State of Mississippi," it is provided, that claimants of

lands within that part of the limits of the laud district of Jack-

son Court-Uouse below the thirty-first degree of north latitude, whose claims had been presented to the commissioners or

to the register or receiver under the act of 3d March, 1819,

which had not been reported to Congress, or had not been-pre-

sented to the said commissioners or register and receiver, were

allowed to the 1st of January, 1829, to present their titles and

olaims to the register and receiver at Jackson Court-House,

whose powers and duties shall be,in relation to the same, governed by the provisions of thq acts before recited, and of the act

of 8th May, 1822.

"

Although the act of 1812 is not directly- cited in the act of 1828, yet it was meant to bd included, as it was under that act

that the first commissioners were appointed. The register and

receiver were appointed under the act of 1819. Neither the

act of 1812, nor any succeeding actbarred a claim to land not

surveyed and sold by the United States; and Ship and Deer

Islands remaining unsold,.the claim before us stands unaf-

fected by the legislation of Congress. That such was the ob-

vious understanding of Congress when the act'of 1824 was

passed, under which we are exercising jurisdiction, appears by

586

SUPREME COURT.

Larman v. Tisdale's Heirs.

the eleventh section of that act. It protects purchasers under the United States, but not the government itself, as to any lands not surveyed and sold.
But aside from this consideration, for the reasons previously stated, we adjudge the claim to be invalid, and order the petition to be dismissed.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi, and was argued by counsel.. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said District Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed and annulled, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said District Court, with directions to dismiss the petition of the claimants

ISAAC LAn~uAN, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JAMES TISDALE'S HEIRS.
The fifty-fourth rule of this court, requiring an appearance to be entered on or before the second dav of the term next succeeding that at which the ease is docketed, does not include an adjourned term; but applies only to regular terms.
Mn. STANTON, of counsel for the defendants in error, moved the court, on the 28th of February, 1851,to dismiss this case, under the fifty-fourth rule of the court, which rule is repeated amongst the preliminary matter in 8 Howard, and -is as follows :
"No. 54. "Ordered, that where an appearance is not entered on the record for either the plaintiff or defendant on or before the second day of the term next succeeding that at which the case is docketed, it shall be dismissed at the costs of the plaintiff2'
Whereupon this court, not being nowz here sufficiently advised of and concerning what order to render in the premises, took time to consider.
On the 4th of March, 1851, Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.
The fifty-fourth rule applies to cases docketed at the regular term; and not to an adjourned term. For it may happen that an adjourned term may be held immediately preceding the regular session.

THE DECISIONS
O1F THU
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
AT
DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

SIMON GRATZ'S EXECUTORS AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS, V.: SAMtUEL M. COHEN AND ELEAZER L. COHEN.

Where a deed was executed by an aged woman, the sole surviving executrix of her father, with power under the will to sell, with a view to put an end to a long family litigation in which some judgments had been obtained, and other suits were then existing, and who owned the whole or nearly the whole of the residuary interest
of the estate; and the settlement was made with deliberation, and under advice of business friends, and the consideration of the deed was a sum of money in hand, with a stipulation on the part of the grantee, that he would pay over any surplus
which the lands might yield after paying all reasonable expenses and legal claims, this deed cannot be set aside on the ground of fraud.
The bill below must be dismissed, unless it be so amended as to include all the par. ties interested, and be confined to a claim for the surplus of the proceeds of the lands, after paying reasonable expenses and legal claims.

THIS was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United

States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, sitting as a

court of equity.

It was a bill filed in 1839, by Samuel and Eleazer L. Cohen,

citizens of the State of New Jersey, against Simon Gratz,

Leah Phillips, and twelve other persons. It was a bill for a dis-

covery against Leah Phillips, surviving executrix of Joseph Si-

mon deceased, and Simon Gratz, and praying also that a

certain agreement and deeds executed by and between said

Leah and Simon might be annulled, and declared fraudulent

and void, and that Simon Gratz be decreed to account, &c.

The bill involved the consideration -f matters and accounts, commencing in 1769, and continuing down to the time when

it was filed. It was a family dispute which had been carried

on in the courts of Pennsylvania for a number of years, and

reported as follows - Gratz v. Phillips, 1 Binney, 588 (1809);

Gratz v. Simon, 3 Binney, 474 (1811); Gratz v. Simon, 5

VOL. XI.

I

2

SUPREME COURT.

Gratz's Executors et al. v. Cohen et al.

Binney, 564 (1813); Gratz v. Phillips, 14 Serg. & Rawle, 144 (P1h8i2ll7ip);s, G2rPataz. vR. ePph. i4ll1ip0s (e1t8a3l1,)1; Pa. Rep. 333 (1831); Gratz v. 2 Pa. Rep. 412 (1831); Cohen's Simon's Appeal, Executors 2 Watts, v. Gratz, 17, (1834).
This narrative need not go further back than 1804, hen Joseph Simon, a merchant or trader, and resident of Lancaster, died. Besides other children, whose interests were not involved in this controversy, he had three daughters, Miriam,
Beliah, and Leah. They were all married. Miriam was married to Michael Gratz, Bellah to Solomon AL Cohen, and Leah to Levi Phillips. Shlion Gratz, whose executors were the appellants, was one of the -hildren of Miriam and Michael Gratz.
,The complainants below -'and appellees here, were the children
of Beliah Cohen. At the time of Mr. Simon's death, there were unsettled partnershiI transactions between him and his son-in-law Michael Gratz, and a large body of lands was held by them in common. Suits were then pending between them
relative to these transactions. By the will of Joseph Simon, 26th October, 1799, he dis-
posed of the bulk of his estate as follows. Art. 14. He ordered and directed that the whole residue of
his estate (to be invested in certain stocks) should be divided into three equal shares, and one part of the proceeds thereof, that is the interest should be paid to his daughter Miriam dur-
ing her life;. one third part of the proceeds or interest thereof to his son-in-law Levi Phillips and Leah his wife, during their
joint lives and the life of the survivor of them; and the re-
maining third part to his daughter Bellah during her life. On the death of either daughter, her share of the principal to
vest in her issue, to take as purchasers and tenants in common.
On the death of either Miriam or Leah without- issue, the share to be divided among the children of Beliah Cohen.
. By Art. 16, Mr. Simon made the devise to Mrs. Gratz (Miriam) dependent on a release of certain lawsuits then pending, and in the event of no such release he gave her share to Mrs. Cohen and Mrs. Phillips.
. Of this will, be made his son-in-law Levi Phillips, and his
daughters Mrs. Phillips and Mrs. Cohenexecutors, with full power to sell real as well as personal estate.
By a codicil in December, 1802, he exprestly revoked the devi§e to Mrs. Gratz, and directed the devise to Mrs. Phillips to
be absolutely one half of the principal of the residue; the legacy to Mrs. Cohen to be as before, -the interest on her share.
By a second codicil, 9th February, -803, he provided as follows: -
"Whereas, my son-in-law Levi Phillips has continually in-

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

3

Gratz's Exeeutors et al. v. Cohen et al.

formed me that, when I had made the last codicil in my last

will and testament,- I ought also at the sarm. time to have

made the .lteration by giving my daughter Beliah her share

in the principal, instead of the interest of the principal of my

residue, which would make her- more comfortable; therefore

I do, by this instrument of writing, authorize and give full

power to my son-Uir-law, Levi Phillips, as being one of my.ex-

ewtors and guardians of my last will and testament, to do as

he thinks requisite, - that is to say, by giving my said daughter

Beliah her share of my residue in the principal as the money

comes to hand.

"In witness whereof, I, Joseph Simon, have this day set

my hand and seal.

"J OsEPH SION.

" Lancaster,February9, 1803."

Levi Phillips, Leah Phillips, and Beliah Cohen all acted as executors.
In 1807, Michael Gratz brought a suit against the executors, and from that time the parties were continually in some court.
After the death of Simon, his executors proceeded, to sell and dispose of his lands, from time to time,' under the powers vested in them. In a large number of these tracts of land, Michael Gratz was interested, by virtue of a declaration of trust
given by Simon in his lifetime, and of claims of David Franks (a former partner of Simon), which had been transferred to Michael Gratz; Simon Gratz was' the agent of Michael Gratz
in his lifetime, and his chief acting administrator after his
death. In September, 1811, Iichael Gratz died, and although let-
ters of administration were granted to Simon in conjunction
with othei persons, yet he was the chief acting administrator, and appeared to transact all the business.
It is not necessary t6 trace the progress of the various suits mentioned in the commencement of this narrative. In 1832, Levi Phillips died, and on the 29th of January, 1833, Beliah Cohen died, leaving Leah Phillips the sole surviving executrix of her father, Joseph Simon.
On the 15th of February, 1833, the agreement was entered into between Leah Phillips and Simon Gratz, which it was the object of this bill to set aside as fraudulent.
The 'circumstances attending the making of this agreement are thus stated in the bill: -

"4Your orators further show unto your honors, that Solomon AL Cohen, their father, died in the month of February, 1796, and that Beliah Cohen, their mother, died on the 29th day of

4

SUPREME COURT.

Gratz's Executors et al. v. Cohen et al

January, 1833, and that they, and their brothers and sisters heretofore named, are the persons mentioned as the children of his daughter Beliah in the last will and testament of Joseph
Simon; that the papers of the estate of the said Joseph Simon were in the possession of Levi Phillips at the time of his
death; that the said Levi Phillips died on the 15th day of
January, 1832, and that after his death the papers of the said estate were in the possession of the said Leah Phillips, oxle of the executors of the said Joseph Simon; that during the year
1832, secret interviews took place between Simon Gratz and Leah Phillips, executrix, citizens of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, with the view of depriving your orators, and the
other children of the said Beliah Cohen, of their just rights under the will of the said Joseph Simon, which said interviews
were concealed from the said Beliah Cohen and her family; and your orators believe, and expressly charge, that John Mloss, Isaac Phillips, Lyon J. Levy, and Isaac B. Phillips, citizens of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania) were, during that year
and afterwards, aiding and assisting the said Simon Gratz and Leah Phillips in their design to appropriate the estate of the said Joseph Simon to the said Simon Gratz and Leah
Phillips, and deprive your orators, and their brothers and sisters, of the said estate and of their just rights. That shortly after the decease of their mother a fraudulent agreement was
made and entered into between Simon Gratz and Leah Phillips, dated February 15th, 1833, a copy whereof, marked H,
is hereto annexed, and which your orators pray may be taken as part of their bill; the object of which said agreement
was fraudulently to terminate the suits then pending between the surviving executrix of the said Joseph Simon and the administrators of Michael Gratz, by agreeing, consenting to, and causing judgments to be taken against the estate of the said Joseph Simon, to the manifest injury of your orators,
and their brothers and sisters hereinbefore named, interested as aforesaid in the said estate; and the further object, purpose, and intention of the said agreement was fraudulently to convey, or cause to be conveyed, to the said Simon Gratz all the real estate of the said Joseph Simon, which said real estate is more particularly set forth in a schedule hereto annexed,
marked L, for a consideration entirely inadequate, and known so to be by the said Simon Gratz and Leah Phillips, and to
transfer, without an adequate consideration, to the said Simon
Gratz the debts due to the estate of the'said Joseph Simon; and that the said Leah Phillips and Simon Gratz, then well
knowing the unjust and fraudulent character of said agreement and the inadequacy of the consideration, did combine and con-

DE'CEMBER TERM, 1850.

5

Gratz's Executors et al. v. Cohen et aL

federate with others, their confederates, to defraud your orators, and their brothers and sisters, of their just interest in the estate of the said Joseph Simon. And your orators further show to your honors, that the said agreement was concealed from your orators and the other children of the said Beliah Cohen, and was first discovered by them on the 13th day of June, 1833, it having been produced on that day by Lyon J. Levy, one of the confederates, in an examination of the said Lyon J. Levy, -as a witness before Michael W. Ash, Esquire, an alderman of the city of Philadelphia, the said Lyon J. Levy having been subpcenaed for the purpose of having his deposition taken in a case then pending in the Orphan's Court of Lancaster County; that the first knowledge your orators, and, as they verily believe, any of the children of the said Beliah Cohen, had of an arrangement having been made between Simon Gratz and Leah Phillips, was obtained by one of their brothers, Joseph S. Cohen, who, on the 23d day of March, 1833, was informed by Benjamin Champneys, Esquire, who had been and was
counsel for the estate of Joseph Simon, that he, the said Benjamin Champneys, had received from Leah Phillips a power or warrant of attorney to enter judgment for the plaintiffs in a
suit then pending, and on the argument list of the Court of Common Pleas of Lancaster County, between Gratz's Administrators, plaintiffs, and Simon's Executors, defendants, the copy of the record whereof is hereunto annexed. That the said Benjamin Champneys refused to show the said power or warrant to the said Joseph S. Cohen; that on the- morning of
the 25th of March, 1833, the day fixed for hearing arguments in the said Court of Common Pleas of Lancaster County, the said Joseph S. Cohen attended with his counsel, James Hopkins, Esquire, and Reah Frazer, Esquire, at the opening
of the court, and filed the affidavit, a copy whereof, marked I, is hereto annexed; and on motion of Mr. Hopkins, the said court, after considerable resistance on the part of John R. Montgomery and William Morris, Esquires, counsel of Simon Gratz, granted a rule to show cause why Sarah A. Cohen and others, children of the said Beliah Cohen, and interested in the estate of the said Joseph Simon, should not be permitted
to come in and take defence in the said action, as appears by
the said rule, a copy whereof is hereto annexed, marked J, which raid rule was duly served on the said Leah Phillips,
surviving executrix.
"Your orators further show to your honors, that in pursuance of the said fraudulent and secret agreement, dated the 15th day of February, 1833, entered into between the said Leah Phillips
and Simon Gratz at the instance of the said John Moss, Lyon 1 *

SUPREME COURT.
Gratz's Executors et al. v. Cohen et al.
J. Levy, and others, their confederates, who, when discovered, your orators pray may be made parties to this their bill, with apt and sufficient words to charge them; the said Leah Phillips, surviving executrix as aforesaid, afterwards delivered tb the said Lyon J. Levy the books and papers belonging to the estate of the said Joseph Simon," &c.
The -answer of Leah Phillips to this part of the bill was as follows:-
"And this defendant further answering saith, that in the year 1832, she being of a very advanced age, being then in her sixty-ninth yearu, of infirm health, almost totally blind, and in very necessitous circumstances, was determined by the advice of her friends, Isaac B. Phillips, John Moss, and Lyon J. Levy, to make a settlement of long pending controversies between the estate of Joseph Simon, of which she was the surviving representative, and of Michael Gratz, which she believed to be represented by the said Simon Gratz, and also to make sale of such lands vested in her under the will of said Joseph Simon as the said Simon Gratz might be willing to purchase. The defendant says, that her object in proposing the arrangement was to terminate controversies which she was unwilling and unable to carry on, and to obtain such a sum of money as would relieve her from embarrassment, which gave her great uneasiness; the said defendant then and still believes, that in making this arrangement she prejudiced the rights of no one, but did what the law gave her perfect authority to do; and this defendant answering says, that in the month of October, 1832, she addressed several notes to said Simon Gratz, desiring to confer with him on the proposed arrangement and purchase, and that she had several interviews with him at her own house, and at his counting-house, and that she entered into an agreement with him, the said Simon Gratz, in order to terminate the pending suits above referred to, and made a conveyance of certain lands to the said Simon Gratz, receiving therefor the sum of fifteen hundred dollars, which was duly paid on and after the execution of the said conveyance and agreement.
"And this defendant further answering saith, that, with a view to carry such conveyance into full effect, she deposited with Lyon J. Levy a trunk of papers, being the same which Joseph S. Cohen had as aforesaid fully examined, and from which he had selected certain papers in order that the said Simon Gratz should examine the same, and take therefrom such papers as muiments of title as might be necessary to carry into full effect the said -conveyance; that after the said

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.
Gratz's Bxecutors et al. v. Cohen et al.
trunk had remained some time in the said Levy's possession, it was returned, and is now in the defendant's possession.
"And this defendant further answering saith, that she admits it to be true that Levi Phillips, one of the executors of Joseph Simon, did die on or about the 15th of January, 1832, and that Beliah Cohen, an executrix of Joseph Simon, did depart this life on or about the 29th day of January, 1833.
"And the defendant further answering saith, that there were no' other negotiations between this defendant and Simon Gratz, during the life of Beliah Cohen or afterwards, than those already stated; that they had for their object the final termination of controversies between the'estate of Michael Gratz and that of Joseph Simon, which this defendant was neither able not willing to continue, and the conveyance of certain lands for an adequate consideration to be paid by the said Simon Gratz to this defendant as above- stated.
"That the negotiations between this defendant and the said Simon Gratz were verbal, and took place partially at his counting-house and partially at her house; that this defendant is inable, at this time, more precisely to state what conversation passed between her and the said Simon Gratz, nor has she copies of any papers which were executed; that there were executed an agreement for the termination of certain pending suits, and two deeds of certain lands in Columbia and Lancaster Counties- that no persons took-part iii such negotiations but herself and Simon Gratz, and that these negotiations were not concealed from Beliah Cohen or her children.
"And the defendant further. answering saith, that Simon Gratz did call on this defendant at her house, in Arch Street, on two occasions, once at the time of the execution of the deeds,' and once previously, though th&precise period of the first call this defendant is unable to state; that this first call was not made in consequence of any previous notice; that Elkalah M. Cohen was at this defendant's housp when Simon Gratz called; that Simon Gratz did not then disclose the object of his call; that he did not state he was not aware that this defendant resided there; ihathe had not before called there, and this defend. ant is not aware from whon he received information where she resided.
"And this defendant further answering saith, that there were other interviews between the defendant and Simon Gratz, but whether there were more than two, and whether they occurred before or after the death of Mrs. Beliah Cohen, this defendant is unable to state; this defendant had several interviews with Simon Gratz at his counting-house, and the object of this defendant in going to Mr. Gratz's.counting-house was to relieve

8

SUPREME COURT.

Gratz's Executors et al. v. Cohon et a.

him of as much trouble as possible, in a mattei in which this. defendant then believed, and still believes, he was doing her a
kindness. "And this defendant further answering saith, that she has
no recollection of ever stating to Elkalah M. Cohen, when Simon Gratz called on her, that she, the defendant, had no idea of seeing Simon Gratz, and was as much surprised at his calling on her as Miss Cohen could possibly be; nor has she any recollection of any private interview between herself and. John Moss, at any time when Elkalah M. Cohen was ft this defendant's; nor is she able to say how soon after the death of Beliah Cohen this defendant had an interview with Simon Gratz; nor more paiticularly to state what passed at that or any other interview than she has already stated.
"And this defendant further answering saith, that five hundred and fifty dollars, part of the consideration of the said agreement and conveyance, were paid to this defendant by L. *J. Levy and the rest by Simon Gratz; nd that the total amount of said consideration was agreed upon by and between this defendant and Simon Gratz; and that there was no other consideration of the same than the sid sum of fifteen hundred
dollars," &c.
The agreement itself thus entered into was as follows: -

"Acts to be performed by Mrs. Leah Phillips, surviving executrix of Joseph Simon, deceased:-
"1. To execute deed for Michael Gratz's interest in unsold
lands. "2. To direct her attorney in suit, (in the Court of Com-
mon Pleas of Lancaster County, of January term, 1822,) No.
163, - Simon Gratz, Joseph Gratz, and Jacob Gratz, Administrators of Michael Gratz, deceased, v. Levi Phillips, Leah Phillips, and Beliah Cohen, Executors of Joseph Simon, de-
ceased. - Amicable action, August term, 1822, award of ref-
erees in favor of plaintiffs for $ 2,967.34, to bring up the
case on agreement, then permit the exceptions to be overruled, and the award affirmed.
".3. To settle the sum due on the sale of house and lots in Carlisle, in judgment in Supreme Court, whirh shall be submitted to the auditors to report thereon.
"4. In the suit, Levi Phillips, Leah Phillips, and Beliah Cohen, Executors of Joseph Simon, deceased, v. Simon Gratz, Joseph Gratz, and Jacob Gratz, Administrators of Michael Gratz, deceased. - In the court of Lancaster County, September term, 1828. No. 2. Mrs. Phillips and her attorney to direct discontinuance of the action.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

9

Gratz's Executors et al. v. Cohen et al.

"5. To transfer all her interest in the estate of Joseph Simon

to Simon Gratz for the sum of $

(this blank amount to

be fixed) ; if the product of this shall produce a sum exceeding

the amount of the above judgments, and the sum to be paid as

a consideration, then the excess to be paid over to Mrs. Leah

Phillips.

"The blank to be filled up with fifteen hundred dollars; five

hundred dollars in hand, five hundred dollars in one year, and

five hundred dollars in two years.

"S. GRATZ.

"Feruary 15, 18332'

In the subsequent part of 1833, when the heirs of Beliah Cohen acquired a knowledge of this transaction, they applied to the State court in the county where the letters testamentary of J. Simon's estate had been granted, to dismiss Mrs. Phillips
from her trust as executrix. But the court refused to do so,
and she continued to be executrix as long as she lived. In January, 1839, as has been already stated, the complain-
ants filed their bill. They were two of the children and heirs of Beliah Cohen; the other children were citizens of Pennsylvania, and were made defendants.
After the filing of the bill, but before answer, Simon Gratz died, and after putting in her answer, Leah Phillips died also ; and their respective representatives were made parties by bills of revivor.
The bill claimed to set aside the agreement and the deeds made to Simon Gratz, or, if the court would not grant them that reqiedy because the lands had passed into the hands of bond fide purchasers f"rom Gratz, then that Gratz should be decreed to account for the value of them. The agreement and the deeds made in pursuance of it were alleged to be fraudu-
lent on two grounds ; 1st. As between the parties themselves, because advantage
was taken of the necessities, weakness, and ignorance of an old woman, to obtain a transfer of the whole estate confided to her -charge, for a consideration wholly inadequate, upon an agreement approved by her'friends, to sell. no more than her
own interest. 2d. As against the children of Beliah Cohen, because the pur-
chaser colluded with the executrix or trustee in making a fraudulent application of the trust property to her own use, and to pay a judgment in favor of the purchaser, to the payment of which the complainants and their property were not bound to
contribute. The defendants* all having answered, and a-general replica-

10

SUPREME COURT.

Gratz's Executors et aL v. Cohen et',A.

tion having been filed, much evidence was taken upon points which it is not necessary tospecify. Amongst other proceedings was an issue at law to Idetermine the value of the lands.
In October, 1847, the cause came on for argument before the Circuit Court, which decreed in favor of the complainants, and that the executors of Simon Gratz should pay to the children of Beliah Cohen the one half of what Gratz had sold the lands for, and cohvey a moiety of the unsold part Reference was made to a master to state an account, &e. Exceptions were taken to the report of the master, some of which were-sustained and others overruled. The final decree of the court was as follows -
" That the said Louisa Gratz, Edward Gratz, David Gratz, and Isaac Prince, executors of the last will and testament of Simon Gratz, deceased, do account and pay to Samuel M. Cohen, Eleazer L. Cohen, Sarah M. Cohen, Rachel M. Cohen,
Elkalah M. Cohen, Abraham M. Cohen, Joseph S. Cohen, and Joseph S. Cohen, administrator of Rebecca M. Cohen, deceased, children of Beliah Cohen, deceased,. the sum of $ 9,415.29, with interest thereon from October 14, 1847, and costs; and that the said executors shall convey, by proper and sufficient assurances in law,, the one moiety of the interest of Joseph Simon in all that certain tract of land deaignated in the deed of the Sd of April, 1833, from Leah Phillips to Simon Gratz by the warranty name of Samuel Laird.
" Master's costs, $100, to follow the decree. Order for payment accordingly, 29th January, 1848."
The defendants appealed to this court.
The cause was argued by Mr. 1eed and Mr. Clarkson, for the appellants, and r. Dallas and Mr. Budd, for the appel-
lees.
The counsel for the appellants made the following points I. There is no such evidence of fraud on the part either of the executrix, Mrs. Phillips, in making the sale of the lands, or of Mr. Gratz in purchasing, as will authorize the rescission of
the contract.
II. The appellees, children of Mrs. Cohen, are in no way injured by the agreement between Mr. Gratz and Mrs. Phillips, their interest either as heirs of their mother, or under the will of Mr. Simon, being more than absorbed by the judgment of $7,916, and the debt of Mrs. Cohen ($6,500) as executrix to
her father's estate. I III. That Beliah Cohen, under tne last codicil to Joseph
Simon's will, took an absolute estate, and not an estate for life, and Levi Phillips was a trustee for her. Such is the plain

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.
Gratz's Executors et al. v. Cohen et al.
meaning of the words of the codicil. "A power which, by the will, the party is required to execute as a duty, makes him a trustee for the exercise of it, and allows no discretion whether he wvill exercise it or not. The court adopts the principle as to trusts, and will not permit his negligence, accident, or other circumstances to disappoint the interest of those for whose benefit he is to execute it." Brov~n v. Higgs, 8 Ves. 574; 1 Story's Equity, § 98; 2 Tb. § 1068; Lindenberger v. Maflack, 4 Wah. C. C. R. 278; Coates's Appeal, 2 Barr, Penn. State Rep. 129. If Beliah Cohen had an absolute estate, then debts -and judgments against her bound it, and the learned judge erred in saying that was a misapplication of trust funds. It was an application of funds not belonging to Beliah Cohen's children.
IV. The proceeds of the lands which the appellees seek to recover, if they exceeded the amount of the judgment referred to in the acts to be performed, are liable to a claim on the part of the representatives of Mrs. Phillips, if to any body. The appellees do not claim under her.
V. This is a stale demand for the interference of a court of equity, which will not be favored. In 1833, when this alleged fraud was discovered, and the plaintiffs below sought red ess in the State courts, Simon Gratz, the only individual acquainted with the details of these perplexed transactions, was in full life and vigor. In 1839, when the bill was filed, he was on his death-bed, and died in July, 1839. For five years and eleven months the plaintiffs slept on -their rights. In a month the statute of Pennsylvania would have barred the claim by express limitation. Where an application is made for the interposition of this court, and there has been laches, it is not necessary that the actual limitation fixed by the statute should apply. This is well settled. Cholmondeley v. Clinton, 2 Jac. & Walk. 141: "At all times courts of equity have, upon general principles of their own, even where there was no statutable bar, refused relief to -stale- demands where the party has slept upon his rights"; cited with approval, Miller v. A'Intyre, 6 Peters, 66. Itis a simple tuestion, says Judge McLean, "Has the party lept on his rights?" Coalson v. Walton, 9 Peters, 83.
The doctrine that lapse of time may be used as a defence in equity, is far more favored than formerly. *Whenthe party is dead, probably his clerks and agents also dead, there being no one who can give any explanation of a paper, or show how it was prepared, and under what circumstances, this doctrine is especially favored. White v. Parnther, 1 Knapp (Privy Council), 226.

12

SUPREME COURT.

Gratz's Executors et al. v. Cohen et al.

It is a most important element where a party sought to be affeqted has been allowed to die, and executors are made par-
ties who have no knowledge of the original transaction. Ellison
v. Moffat, 1 Johns. Ch. 47. This doctrine is applicable to cases where fraud is charged;
Prescott v. Hubbell, 1 Hill, Ch. 213; and this where the party charged is considered, as in this case, a trustee by operation of
law, though it might not be as between a direct trustee and his cestui que trust. Decouche v. Savetier, 3 Johns. Ch. 190. Where a party is chargeable with laches to the extent of the statute of limitations, he must state in his bill that the discovery of the fraud was within the limitation. 1 Hill, Ch.214.
In Carr v. Chapman, 5 Leigh, 185, Lord Camden's doctrine in Smith v. Clay, 3 Bro. Ch. 640, was cited with approval: "Nothing can call this court into action but conscience, good faith, and reasonable diligence; when this is wanting, this court is always passive" ; and it is on these principles courts of equity, though they have adopted, are not tied down by, statutes of limitation. A shorter period of time, accompanied
by gross negligence and acts of abandonment by those having an interest and competent to assert their rights, will bring thei.r case within Lord Camden's principles. If the court saw that it was called on to do injustice, it would not move, however strong in point of original right the claim might be. So in Wagner v. Baird, 7 Howard, 234; and Bowman v. Wathen, 1
Howard, 189. In McKnight v. Taylor, 1 Howard, 168, the statute of limit-
ations was, as here, within a few months of coming into oper. ation, yet plaintiffs were concluded by laches; there must be reasonable diligence to call into action the power of this court. Thereis difficulty which the law recognizes in doing justice, when the original transaction has become obscure and evidence
may be lost. To. the same effect are Piatt v. Vattier, 9 Peters, 416, and
Philip-s .Belden, 2 Edw. 1. Equity gives effect to relatively short lapse of time, discouraging claims not promptly made, especially where there is no personal disability or other im-
pediment. No court has been more emphatic in its language favoring
lapse of time than this court. Prevost v. Gratz, 6 Wheaton, 481: "Length of time necessarily obscures all human evidence, and it thus removes from the parties all imihediate means to verify the nature of the original transaction; it operates by way of presumption in favor of innocence and against any imputa-
tion of fraud. Fraud or breach of trust ought not to be lightly imputed to the living, for the legal presumption is the other

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

13

Gratz's Executors et al. v. Cohen et aL

way; and as to the dead, who are not here to answer for them-

selves, it would be the height of injustice and cruelty to d is-

turb their ashes and violate the sanctity of the grave, unless the

evidence be clear beyond a reasonable doubt." Also to the

same effect, and that laches or lapse of time may be resorted to

as a defence on the evidence without being pleaded, Giles v.

Baremore, 5 Johns. Ch.550; Baker v. Biddle, 1 Baldwin, 417.

For the general doctrine as to stale demands in equity, and

the effect of parties not promptly asserting their rights, see Sals-

bury v. Bagott, 2 Swanst. 613 ; Beckford v. Wade, 17 Yes. 97;

Andrew v. Wrigley, 4 Bro. Ch.125; Brown v.Deloraine, 3 Bro.

Ch.639; Hovenden v. Annesley, 2 Sch. & Lef. 629; Herey v.

flinwoody, 4 Bro. Ch. 268; Wych v. East India Co., 3 P.

Wms.309; Pickering v. Lord Stamford, 2 Yes. 582.; Christo-

phers v. Sparke, 2 Jac. & Walk. 223.

As a rule, the statute of limitations does not operate in

cases of trust or fraud, but as soon as fraud is discovered it

begins to rise. Wamberzee v. Kenneay, 4 Desaus. 479.

In Veazie v. Williams, 3 Story, 629, there were five years and

a half between the sale alleged to be fraudulent and the filing

of the bill to avoid, it, and the court held the lapse of time to be

a bar, because by time the evidence as to the original transac-

tion had been obscured. A court of equity should never he

active in granting relief where the circumstances are of such a

nature as that it may become the instr uent of as much in-

justice as it seeks to redress. To the same effect, Gould v.

Gould, 3 Story, 516.

The circumstances from which the laches in this case are

deduced are very flagrant; Five years and eleven montbs

were allowed to elapse after the discovery of the alleged fraud.

If the judgment of $ 7,916, in favor of Gratz's Administra,

tors v. Simon's Executors,,was a lien on the real estate, the

Cohens waited till that lien had expired, which it did in five

years, or 1838. They never charged a fraud whilst Simon

Gratz -was in life and health.

The first allegation of the plaintiffs is in J.S.Cohen's affi-

davit at Lancaster, 25th March, 1833, within a month of the

date of the agreement. In this there is no averment of fraud

in either Leah Phillips or Simon Gratz. The most is an im-

plication -f such fraud.

In the letter of the Cohen family to the administrator of

Mlichael Gratz, dated 29th March, 1832, the same guarded and

doubtful phraseology is used, but there is no averment of fraud.

So in the affidavit of 8th April, 183.

In the affidavit of J. S. Cohen, of 29th July, 1833, no fraud

is charged, the strongest word being "collusion."

VOL. X1.

2

14

SUPREME COURT.

Gratz's Executors et al. 'v. Cohen et al.

No averment of fraud was made till this bill was filed in January, 1839; and then, as above stated, Simon Gratz was ill, and he died before his answer could be prepared. It will be remembered that the insinuations of collusion in these affidavits were promptly met by counter-affidavits from Leah Phillips, to which, as well as to her answer, the court are par-
ticularly referred.
Of this gross laches of nearly six years, the learned judge took no other notice than in saying, that it was to be lamehted that Mr. Gratz died before his answer was prepared. In this omission it is submitted that he erred. The deposition of ]1Mr. Gratz is no equivalent to an answer to the various and specific allegations of the plaintiffs' bill.
Had the plaintiffs interposed at once on the discovery of the imputed fraud, or at any time short of six years, or for five years and eleven months, the lands would not have been sold. The plaintiffs lay by till the lien of the judgment was gone, and the lands disposed of atgreat trouble and by great effort, for it is manifest that nothing but the greatest exertion and constant
supervision by Mr. Gratz and his agents could have disposed
of them to even moderate advantage.

The argument of the counsel for the appellees consisted chiefly in an examination of the evidence, to show that the decree of the Circuit Court was correct. A great part of this testimony has been necessarily omitted in the statement of the case, and the argument drawn from it cannot therefore be condensed. The authorities cited by the counsel were the fol-
lowing. Simon Gratz was not a bond fide purchaser without notice
of his grantor's breach of trust, and his representatives were rightfully decreed by the court to be trustees for the benefit of the Cohens, and charged with the value of the lands so wrong-
fully obtained.
"Courts of equity will decree a trust in invitum against a party ,'ho purchases trust property in violation of the objects of the trust, and will force the trust upon the conscience of the
guilty party, and compel him to hold the'property subject to it in the same manner as the trustees held it." 1 Story's Equity,
395-405. Scott v. Tyler, 2 Dickens 725: "If one concerts with an ex-
ecutor or legatees, by obtaining the testator's effects at a nominal price, or at a fraudulent undervalue, or by applying the real estate to the purchase of other subjects for his own behoof, or in extinguishing the private debt of the executor, or in any oth. er manner, contrary to the duty of the office of the executor,

DECEMBER TERM. 1850.

15

Gratzl'Ex ecutors et aL v. Cohen et al.

such concert will involve the seeming purchaser, or his pawnee, and make him liable for tJxe full value." .2 Story's Equity,
1257.
Hill v. Simpson, 7 Ves. jr. 152: "9T1ransfer by an executor, a clear misapplication of assets immediately after the death, to secure a debt of the executor auf.l future advances, under circumstances of gross negligence, though not direct fraud, set aside by general legatees.",1
M'Leod v. Drummond, 17 Ves. jr. 169. L.ord Eldon concurs in the opinion expressed by the Master of the Rolls, in Hill v. Simpson, that a general pecuniary or residuary legatee had the
right to follow the assets. 1 Story's Equity, 424. Wormley v. Wormley, 8 Wheat. 421: "Wherever the pur-
chaser is affected with notice of facts,-which in law-constitute a breach of trust, the sale is void as to him, and a mere general denial of all knowledge of fraud will not avail him, if the transaction is such as a court of equity cannot sanction." See also Mechanics' Bank v. .Seaton, 1 Peters, q09. . The appellants' allegation of laches is not sustained by the evidence, nor do their authorities justify the use to which they
are applied. A comparison between the facts of this case.and those of the decisions referred to, will show that the lapse of
time which prevented the interposition of courts & equity far
exceeded that which is here the ground of complaint, and did
not admit of the explanations which excuse.the comparatively brief delay in the complainants in seeking a redress for their wrongs in a federal court.
An examination of the following leading cases, cited by-theappellants, will show what the courts have considered as stale claims.
In Prevost v. Gratz, 6 Wheat. 481, it was determined that the lapse of forty years, and the death of all the original parties, was sufficient to presume the discharge and extinguishinent of a trust proved once to have existed by strong circumstances. This was in analogy to the rule of law, which, after a lapse of time, presumes the payment of a debt, surrepder of a deed, and extinguishment of a trust.-
Cholmondeley v. Clinton, 2 Sac. & Walk. 1. It was held that laches and non-claim by the owner of an equitable estpte, u4der no dhsability, for twen'y years, where there has been no fraud, will constitute a bar to equitable relief, by analogy to the statute of limitations.
Miller v. M'Intyre, 6 Peters, 65." "At least twenty-six years," says Judge McLean, "elapsed after the adverse possessieR was taken by the defendants, before suit was brought against them by the complainants, and nineteen years from the decease of their ancestors."

16

SUPREME COURT.

Gratz's Executors et al. v. Cohen et aL

Coulson v. Walton, 9 Peters, 63. Notwithstanding a delay of more than thirty years in the institution of the suit, the court did not consider that lapse of time, under the circumstances of the case, should operate against the right set up by the complainants to have the specific execution of a contract
decreed.
Baker v. Biddle, 1 Baldwin, 419. "The act of limitation," says Judge Baldwin, "has twice run over the plaintiff's claim,
and, being barred at law; we can see no equitable circumstancesto take it'out of the rule."
Piatt v..Vattier, 9 Peters, 416. "1iThere has been," say tie court, "a clear adverse possession of thirty years without the
acknowledgment of any equity or trust estate in Bartle, and no circumstances are stated in the bill, or shown in evidence, which overcome the decisive influence of such an adverse possession."
M'Knight v. Taylor, 1 Howard, 167. "In relation to this claim," says Chief Justice Taney, "it appears that nineteen years and three months were suffered to elapse, before any application was, made for the execution of the trust by which it
had been secured. No reason is assigned for this delay; nor is it alleged to have been occasioned in any degree by obsta. cles thrown in the way of the appellant. As the record stands, it would seem to have been the result of mere negligence and
laches." Gould v. Gould, 3 Story, 516. The delay was for nineteen
years. . Veazie v. Williams, 3 .Story, 631, has no analogy to the
present case, and was reversed in 8 Howard, 134; there was no fraud imputed to the defendants, aid the plaintiff, says Judge Story, (pp. 631, 632,) "is not now at liberty to shift his own loss upon the defendants, or to make them responsible for the misdeeds of Head, to which they were not parties, and whom the plaintiff has been content to release from all respon. sibility."

Mr. Justice WOODBURY delivered the opinion of the court. In this case, the plaintiffs in the court below, as children of Solomon and Beliah Cohen, and grandchildren of Joseph Simon, claimed an interest in certain lands which had been conveyed to Simon Gratz by Mrs. Phillips, the surviving execu-
trix of Joseph Simon. That conveyance was alleged to have been fraudulent, and
the plaintiffs prayed that it be set aside, and Simon Gratz be required to account for any sales and rents of the land. The court below decreed that the conveyance was void for fraud; vet, as the lands had been bought of Gratz since by innocent

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

17

Gratz's Executors et al. v. Cohen et al.

purchasers, declined to set it aside, but ordered the respondent to pay over the full value of the lands, and without any deduction for debts, advances, or expenses.
This is an appeal from that decision; and in order to determine whether evidence enough exists to show that fraud was practised by either of the parties to the conveyance, as it is
charged on both of them, it will be necessary to ascertain how the lands were situated, and the relation to them in which the grantor and grantee, as well as the plaintiffs, then stood.
Some time prior to 1804, Joseph Simon and Michael Gratz
purchased in partnership large tracts of land in Pennsylvania,
the title deeds running to the former alone, under an agreement to account to the latter for half the proceeds. As sales of them were made from time to time, difficulties and litigation arose between them as to the proceeds, extending even to eight reported cases in the courts of Pennsylvania, and all of which appear to have been decided against Simon.
He complained much that Gratz had obtained from L,....
more than he was entitled to. Accordingly, whcn Simon made his will and died in 1804, he forbade, by the last codicil, any
portion of his estate going to Michael Gratz or his wife Miriam, who was the daughter of Simon, and did not make either of them executors on his estate. But he appointed Levi Phillips
and wife, the latter being another daughter, and Mrs. Cohen, a third daughter, executors. At first he bequeathed one third of the income of the residue of his estate to each daughter, but
by the codicil increased Mrs. Phillips's and Mrs. Cohen's share each to one half of the principal, and, withdrawing Mrs. Gratz's
share, empowered Levi Phillips to give to Mrs. Cohen the principal rather than the interest, or income. At the death of either daughter, her share was to vest in her children, as tenants in common. He gave to his executors, and the survivors of them, full power to sell his real, as well as personal estate.
Some suits between Simon aad MIichael Gratz in relation
to their partnership property were pending at the death of the former; others were soon after brought, and others still, as sales of the land were made by the executors, and recoveries were
had insome of them for portions of what Simon and they had sold. 'By the death bf Mr. Phillips in 1832, and of Mrs. Cohen in January, 1833, Mrs. Phillips had become the sole surviving executrix,, and she in February, 1833, proposed to Simon Gratz, executor of Michael Gratz, to make a final settlement of the claims on his part against the estate of Joseph Simon.
At that time, Simon Gratz held unsatisfied a judgment against Levi Phillips and Mrs. Cohen, which had been recovered in
1831 for $ 7,916.73.

18

SUPREME COURT.

Gratz's Executors et aL v. Cohen et aL'

They had not been' called "Executors of Simon" in the declaration, but the subject-matter of the action was connected with his estate, and with the proceeds of sales of the
partnership lands. There was another action pending, which was brought by
.Gratz's Executors against Simon's Executors, in which an award had been made to Gratz for $ 2,967, but exceptions had been taken to it, not yet acted on.
At that time, too, Mrs. Cohen had received from Simon's estate, as early as 1812, $ 1,008, which, with interest to 1833, amounted to near $ 6,500, and none of it had ever been re-
funded by her. In this state of things the inquiry arises, whether, in the pro-
posals by Mrs. Phillips, the negotiation for a settlement, and the conveyance of the lands to Gratz under the conditions and circumstances of the case, fraud is manifest so as to justify the rescinding of that conveyance, or if not because the land is now in the hands of innocent purchasers from Gratz, to make the latter account for its whole value as if the sale to him had been void. In deciding this question, let us look first +o the
terms and circumstances of the agreement. She stipulated, in relation to the suit then pending, to have
the exceptions overruled, and the award confirmed for $ 2,967. She agreed further to discontinue a suit of doubtful merits pending by Simon's Executors against S. Gratz et al., Executors of Michael Gratz, and also as executrix to convey to S. Gratz all the unsold lands of the partnership, and all her own personal interest in Joseph Simon's estate. On the part of S. Gratz, he agreed to pay her $ 1,500 cash, - though nothing is said in the writing as to the release or discharge of the judgments against Joseph Simon's executors or other claims by S. Gratz; but they thus became virtually discharged, as all the remaining estate of Joseph Simon was then conveyed to S.'Gratz. Noth-
ing appears to have been said, likewise,'as to the debt due from Mrs. Cohen, but probably that was deemed quite an equivalent to what remained of her share in Simon's estate; and she being dead, this was left as it had stood for twenty years.
On these leading facts, the first ground assigned to'show fraud by S. Gratz is a supposed deficiency of consideration for this agreement and the conveyance. But in the family settlement it is proper to look to equitable circumstances, and not to expect all such technical formalities as prevail between strangers. The consideration actually paid in money was $-1,500, and though Mrs. Phillips may have regarded it as for her rather than the estate of Simn, yet it made little difference, as she was the only residuary devisee of Simon surviving; at4 if

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

19

Gratz's Executors et al. v. Cohen et al.

Mrs. Cohen had been already paid more than her share, as seems probable, this sum would virtually go to Ms. Phillips alone, as it would first in form belong to the estati, and then to her as devisee. Itwas in fact also paid to her for matters connected with the estate, and -while she was executrix of the
estate, instead of being, as is argued, a personal bribe to her.. Though a technical difference might exist between the ex-
ecutors as to their several liabilities (14 Serg. & Rawle, 152), and though different modes of proceeding might be necessary to enforce them, yet the estate of Simon was the only fund
liable, The interest in the partnership lands, which belonged to Iichael Gratz, was the only source of all his claims, and the parties properly looked at it in its true equitable light, through
all the varnish and varieties of form, and negotiated with a view to the whole.
Thus, if one of these judgments did not describe the defendants as executors, yet the other did, and the first one was founded on the proceeds of sale by them as executors of lands,
the title to which had stood in the name of Simon, though a moiety belonged to A'Iichael Gratz, and the executors were acting in trust for Gratz as well as Simon. Now*the $ 1,500 in
money, and the $ 10,000 in the two judgments, with interest,
were probably very near the value of the lands as situated in 1833. But to remove all doubt as to the fairness and fulness of the consideration, Simon Gratz further agreed to pay over to Mrs. Phillips any surplus the lands might yield after paying all reasonable expenses and legal claims. This cures every ex-
ception to the inadequacy of the consideration. If the surplus, after an inquiry into the matter, and after al-
lowing to Michael Gratz or his estate and executors all which is just, should be considerable, an administrator of Ms. Phillips
could enforce its payment on this agreement; and the admin-
istrator of Mrs. Cohen, instead of being injured or defrauded, could obtain her share, and divide it among her children, the present complainants, if she had not before her death received enough to cover this, as well as former interests or dividends.
It is next said in support of the alleged fraud, that Mrs. Phillips was an aged female, little accustomed to business, and likely to be overreached by so shrewd and capable a man as Simon Gratz. But Mrs. Phillips, though aged, is -proved to
have been intelligent and capable. She applied to him"rather than he to her to make the settlement, and he suggested the advice and aid of her business friends rather than attempting a secret and sudden settlement. She did consult two intelli-
gent business friends. Full time was given to make inquiries and calculations, rather than using haste. Though Mrs. Phillips

20

SUPREME COURT.

Gratz's Executors et al. v. Cohen et al.

did not confer with the plaintiffs, she was not bound to consult
the Cohen heirs more than others; and the contract by Simon Gratz to pay over any surplus secured any eventual interest of theirs as fully as they themselves could have done, and wisely put an end to a protracted family litigation, as expensive and ruinous as it was derogatory.
Mrs. Phillips, at her advanced age, being sole representative of Simon's estate, had a good and sufficient motive to be anxious, at the first opportunity after Mrs. Cohen's death, to close that estate up, and the lawsuits and the trusts, and was
not likely to do it then, as assumed, because she could then
more easily defraud. She could not then, by haVing the $ 1,500
paid to herself, deprive the plaintiffs, if she desired, of any share in it they might be entitled to.. It was received on account of interests conveyed in the Simon estate.
She was both executrix with a right to sell, and a devisee with a personal interest in the estate of Simon. What she received, then, of Simon Gratz, went to herin both capacities,
it being proceeds of Joseph Simon's estate, and worked no injury to Mrs. Cohen's children, as Mrs. Phillips in her character of executrix would be liable to them for their sbare in what Gratz paid, if they had not already, through Mrs. Cohen, obtained enough to cover this.
Too much importance has, in our view, been attached to the payment being to her, and not repeating the words "as executrix," and the recovery of one judgment being against the other executors, without repeating their titles. These mere descriptions, inserted or omitted, cannot, however, in chancery, change the essence of a transaction, when they had nothing to receive, or grant, or account for, except as executors of Joseph Simon, and where the whole matters in controversy are connected with lands, the title of which was nominally in him, but the beneficiary interest in part in Michael Gratz and his executors.
Again, it is urged against the validity of the conveyance, that it included some lands of Simon, in which Michael Gratz
had no interest. But Mrs. Phillips, as surviving executrix, had a right under the will to sell any estate of Simon; and there was a good reason for selling the whole on this occasion, in order, at her advanced age, to close up the administration of Simon's estate, as well as to convey enough to Simon Gratz to
satisfy his claims on it as executor. He, too, could manage it better than any female, and instead
of taking -advantage of her, or any body she represented, he became liable to account for any surplus, if any should occur.
It is further urged, that the wishes of Joseph Simon to dis-

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

21

Gratz's Executors et al. v. Cohen et al.

inherit Michael Gratz and his family were thus overcome, and
are not to be trifled with.
But the inflexible will of Joseph Simon against Michael (ratz and his family having any portion of his estate was not thwarted in this way, since they received nothing as devisees or heirs, but merely purchased for a valuable consideration what any person in the community had a right to buy, and ob-
tained in the end chiefly land which S. Gratz's ancestor owned wnd paid for as much as J. Simon.
In fine, we are at a loss to see any strong indications of fraud in any part of this transaction, either by S. Gratz or Mrs.
Phillips; and most of what appears, at first, in some degree objectionable, seems reconciled with perfect integrity when we advert to the legal presumptions in favor of those charged with misbehavior, and to the family connection between the parties and the preponderating equities of the case.
These conclusions would not be different, whether the principal of Mrs. Cohen's share was under the last codicil to be considered as vesting in her, or only the interest of it.
Empowering an executor to make a change like that in a bequest is, however, usually regarded as .expressing a wish to have it done, if it be not clearly a mere power, and to require that that be considered as done which ought to be done, if forgotten or omitted. Brown v. -Iiggs, 8 Yes. 574; 4 Wash. C. C. 278; 1 Story, Eq. § 98, and 2 Story, Eq. § 1068. Considering
what are our views as to the vdlidity of the conveyance, other points and exceptions in this case need not be examined, and especially that connected with the length. of tiffe which elapsed after the conveyance to S. Gratz, and before the filing of the
present bill to avoid it.
Let the judgment below be reversed, and the case sent back to have the bill, dismissed, unless the present parties agree to
let others in interest come in, and to reconstruct and alter the character of the bill by amendments, so as to carry the agree-
ment between Ms. Phillips and Gratz into effect, and pray for the surplus or balance, if any be found due from Gratz, after paying all he has advanced, and all his-expenses, *andhis equi-
table as well as legal claims on Mrs. Phillips and the estate of
Joseph Simon.

Mi. Justice NELSON dissented.
Mr. Justice GRIER did not sit on the trial of this cause, being indisposed at the time.
Order. This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the.,

22

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Girault et al.

record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree *of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Court for further proceedings to be had therein in conformity to the opinion of this court.

THE UNITED STATES, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, v. JAIiES A. GIRAULT, WILLIAMl M. GwIN, HAY BATTLE HARmIsbN, AND ALExANDER J. MCMURTRY.
Where an action was brought by the United States upon the official bond of a receiver of public money, a plea that the United States had accepted another bond from the receiver was bad. The new bond could be no satisfaction for the damages that had accrued for the breach of the condition of the old one.
Pleas, also, were bad, alleging that the receiver had made returns to the Treasury Department, admitting that he bad received money which the pleas asserted that he never had received. They were bad, because thet addressed themselves entirely to the evidence, which, it was supposed, the United States would bring forward upoik the trial.
Besides, these pleas were had, because the sureties in the bond were bound to protect the United States from the commission of the very fraud which they attempted to set up as a defence.
The case of the United States v. Boyd, 5 Howard, 29, examined. Another plea taking issue upon the breach should not have been.demurred to. The
demurrer being general as to all the pleas, and bad a3 to this one, judgment was properly given against the plaintiffs in the court below. By the laws of Mississippi, where a joint action is brought upon. a bond or note, the case must be finally disposed of in the coatrt below, with respect to all the parties upon the record, before it is carried up to the appellate court, otherwise it is error. Where this error occurs, the practice of this court is to dismiss the case fbr want of jurisdiction, and remand it to the court below to be proceeded in and finally disposed of.
Tucis case was brought up, by writ of error, from the District Court of the United States for "the Northern District of :NisSISSIPpi.
The United States sued out process against James A. Girault, William M. Gwin, Hay Battle Harrison, and Alexander J. McMurtry, and declared for a debt of $100,000 by bond, bearing date the 8th of July, 1838, executed by the defendants taontthGeirUaunlittehdaSdtabteeesn, awpipthoinctoenddibtyionth, erePcrietisnigdentht aotftthhee dUenfeintedd-
States, by commission bearing date the 2d of June, 1838, receiver of pubio money for the district of lands subject to sale

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

47

The United States v. Guillem.

We deem it unnecessary to examine the other excejiions, as we are all of the opinion, that the title to the property in controversy did not pass to the assignee, under the decree in bankruptcy. The judgment of the District Court is, therefore, affirmed.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the District of Texas, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said District Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs.

Tim UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, v. BAITISTE GUILLE,%i CLAIIANT oF ONE Box or SPECIE.
A neutral leaving a belligerent country, in which he was domiciled at the commencement of the war; is entitled to the rights of a neutral in his person and property, as soon as he sails from the hostile port.
The property he takes with him is not liable to condemnation for a breach of blockado by the vessel in which he embarks, when entering or departing from the port, unless he know of the intention of the vessel to break it in going out.
Tnis was .an appeal from the decree of the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana, sitting as a prize court.
Baptiste Guillem, a French citizen, was domiciled in Mexico, and had resided there about three years before the war with the United States was declared. His occupation was that of cook in a hotel, and he was engaged in it in Vera Cruz when hostilities with this country commenced. He was not natural. ized and had taken no steps to become a citizen of Mexico. He continued in Vera Cruz, pursuing his ordinary business, until he learned that an attack was about to be made on the city, by sea and land, by the~forces of the United States. He immediately prepared to leav the country and return to France, with his family, carrying with him all the money he had saved. He intended to embark in the British steamer, which .was expected to arrive at Vera Cruz early in March, 1847, afid obtained a passport from the French consul for that purpose. But the steamship was wrecked on the island of Cuba, and' iid not reach Vera Cruz, and Guillem was still in that city when General Scott landed and closely besieged it.
The port of Vera Cruz had been blockaded by the naval

48

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Guillem.

forces of the United States from the commencement of the war. When the land forces arrived, and the siege was about to commence, General Scott and Commodore Perry (who commanded the blockading squadron) agreed to leave the blockade open to the consuls and other neutrals, to pass out to their respective ships of war, until the 22d of March, after
which all communication with the besieged city was interdicted. On the 13th of March, a French vessel called La Jeune Nelly
came into the port, having run the blockade. She came in in the daytime, with her colors flying, nor is there any evidence in the record to show that it was known in Vera Cruz that she
had come into pdrt without permission from the blockading ships. - She sailed again on the 19th of March, bound for Havre, in open day, and without manifesting any desire for concealment, but yet in breach of the blockade. But there was
no evidence that Guillem knew she came in or was sailing out in breach of the blockade. Guillem took passage on board of
this vessel with his family, and took with him in gold and silver two thousand eight hundred and sixty dollars, - the whole
amount of his three years' earnings in'Mexico. The Jeune
Nelly had no cargo and sailed in ballast. The money of Guillem was not shipped as cargo, nor invoiced, but was taken with him as a part of his personal effects. The money was
chiefly in two bags, which were kept in his state-room, but a
part of it was in a belt about his person. The Jeune Nelly was captured by the blockading squadron
a few hours after she sailed; and on the night following was
wrecked and totally lost on one of the islands near the port; but the passengers, crew, and all the money and property on
board, were saved. The passengers and crew were immediately released, and the money of Guillem and other property on board were taken possession of by the orders of Commodore Perry, and sent to New Orleans for adjudication. It was libelled in the District Court, and condemned, as lawfully seized.
Guillem appealed from this decree to the Circuit Court, where it was reversed, and the money in question directed to be restored and refunded to him. The captors appealed from this last-mentioned decree to the Supreme Court.

It was argued by 1lr. Crittenden (Attorney-General), for the appellants, and 1M1r. Souli, for the claimant.

Mrl. Critlenden, fbr the appellants. As it has been set up and insisted on that Guillem, in embarking on board the Jeune Nelly, acted under permission of General Scott, it is necessarv to ascertain what actually took

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

49

The United States v. Guillem.

place at the time at Vera Cruz. The correspondence of General Scott,.as to the operations of the army before Vera Cruz,

will be found annexed to President Polk's message to Congress of December, 1847, in 1 Senate Docurients, p. 216, et seq.

From this correspondence it appears that the landing of the troops was effected on the 9th of March, and that on the 13th,
in answer to a request of the French and Spanish consuls that

in his operations he might respect the persons and property of French and Spanish subjects, he communicated to them, that in carrying the city, whether by bombardment or assault, it

would be exceedingly difficult, particularly in the night-time, for

his forces to see the consular flags, or to discriminate between the persons and property of friends aid the persons and property of the enemy; he could, therefore, only promise to do all
that circumstances might possibly permit to cause such dis-
crimination to be observed. He also sent them safeguards under his signature. (p. 219.) By a letter of his to Commodore

Per.ry, of the 22d, it appears that up to that time intercourse

had been allowed between the neutral vessels of war and the city and castle of Vera Cruz, but was then put an end to. (p. 228.) And a communication to that effect was made by

Commodore Perry to the commanders of the neutral ships of war. (p. 228.) It was not until the 24th that the British,

French, Spanish, and Prussian consuls addressed General Scott, praying him to suspend hostilities, and to grant a truce,

to enable their countrymen to leave the place with their women and children. (p. 229.) In a despatch to the Secretary of

War, under date of the 25th, General Scott says: - " All the batteries, Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, are in awful "activitvthis morn-
ing. The effect is no doubt very great, and I th.ink the city cannot hold out beyond to-day. Tomorrow morning many

of the new mortars will be in a position to add their fire, when, or after the delay of some twelve bours, if no proposition to surrender should be received, I shall organize parties for carry-

ing the city by assault. So ar, the defence has been spirited

and obstinate.

"I inclose a copy of a memorial received last night, signed by the consuls of Great Britain, France, Spain, and Prussia,

within Vera Cruz, asking me to grant a truce to enable the

neutrals, together with Mexican women and children, to withdraw from The scene of havoc about them. I shall reply, the

moment that an opportunity may. be taken, to say, - 1st. That a truce can only be granted on the application of Gov-

ernor Morales, with a view to a surrender. '2d. That in sending

safeguards to the different consuls, beginning as far back' as the 13th instant, I distinctly admonished them, particularly the

VOL. XI.

5

50

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Guillem.

French and Spanish consuls, and of course through the two the bther consuls, of the dangers that have followed. 3d. That although at that date I had already refused to allow any person whatever to pass the line of investment either way, yet the
blockade had been left open to the consuls and other neutrals, to pass out to their respective ships of war, up to the 22d instant. And, 4th. I shall inclose to the memorialists a copy of my summons to the governor, to show that I had fully considered the hardships and distresses of the place, including
those of w.omen and children, before one gun had been fired in that direction. The intercourse between the neutral ships of
war and the city was stopped at the last-menti6ned date, with my concurrence, which I placed on the ground that that intercourse could not fail to give to the enemy moral aid and com.
fort." (pp. 225, 226.) General Scott accordingly, on the same day, addressed a
communication to the consuls of the nature above indicated, ,in which he says that he deeply regrets the lateness of their application, for up to the 22d- instant the communication between the neutrals in Vera Cruz and the neutral ships of war lying off Sacrifieio was left open, mainly to allow those neutrals an opportunity to escape from the horrors of the impend. ing siege, of which he gave to the consuls every admonition in his power. (pp. 230, 231.) This communication was -made known to the Mexican general, and led to the capitulation.
From the preceding narrative it appears that the only permission to neutrals given by General Scott or Commodore Perry, was to pass from Vera Cruz to the ships of war of their respective nations.
No treaty stipulations between the United States and France, on the subject of blockade, were in existence at the date of these occurrences. There was a convention made be.
tween them on the subject, in 1800, but which was to last only eight years. After the expiration of that time, it does not
seem to have been renewed. The cause is now to be heard in the Supreme Court, on an
appeal taken by the United States from so much of the decree
of the Circuit Court as is in favor of Guillem for the amount claimed by him.
There can be no question that the Jeune Nelly was liable to capture for breach of the blockade, and such was the answer of
our own government to that of France, when it made reclamation on behalf of the owner for the value of the vessel. She was guilty of a violation of blockade, both in going into Vera Cruz and coming out of it.
The guilt of a breach inward is not discharged until the end

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

51

The United States v. Guillem.

of the return voyage; and if a vessel is taken in any part of that voyage, she is taken in delicto. The Frederick Molke, 1 Rob. 87 ; The Lisette,.6 Rob. 395 ; The Joseph, 8 Cranch, 451.
The act of egress is as culpable as the act of ingress. The case of the Frederick Molke, above cited, is identical with the present. The Vrouw Judith, 1 Rob. 151; The Neptunus, 1 Rob. 171; The Adelaide, 2 Rob. 111, note. The cases of the Juffrow Maria Schrceder, 3 Rob. 153, and the Welvaart Van Pillaw, 2 Rob. 130, decide that the offence of running a blockade' outward is not purged until the end of the voyage, and that until then the vessel so grilty is subject to capture by any cruiser of the blockading power.
There are exceptions in the case of egress. "A ship that has entered previous to the blockade may retire 'in ballast, or taking a cargo that has been put on board before the blockade." The Juno, 2 Rob. 118. That a belligerent may lawfully
blockade the port of his enemy is admitted; but it is also admitted that this blockade does not, according to modern usage, extend to a neutral vessel found in port, nor prevent her coming out with the cargo which was on board when the blockade was instituted. Olivera v. Union Insurance Company, 3 Wheat.
194; 1 Kent, 147. The Jeune Nelly does not come within either of these exceptions. There are other exceptions, for
which see Wheaton's Elements, 548, and 2 Wildman, 201, but which have no bearing in this case.
Bat to come to the question in the case, Were the property
and effects of the neutral Guillem, on board the Jeune Nelly
when she broke the blockade outward, liable to capture ? The court below has decided they were *not, on the ground that
Guillem had left Mexico with an intention to return to France, and therefore was no longer a resident of the power with whom the United States were at war. It is a weil-known law, that, if a neutral reside in the country of one of the belligerents, his property and effects sent from that country are liable to capture by the other, as enemy's property, wherever found on the ocean. 1 Kent's Com. 75. A national character, however acquired by residence, may be thrown off at pleasure by a return to the native country, It is an adventitious character, and ceases by non-residence, or when a party puts himself in motion, bonld fide, to quit the country, sine anino revertendi, and
such an intention is 'essential to enable him to resuine his native character. 1 Kent's Com. 78.
But with all due deference it is submitted that these doc-' trines have no application in a case of capture for breach of blockade. A blockade has the effect to seal and shut up-the blockaded port against all trade whatsoever. Sir William

52

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Guillem.

Scott says it would not properly be a blockade unless neutrals
were restricted. " A .blockade may .be more or less rigorous, either for the
single purpose of watching the military operations of the enemy, and preventing the egress of their fleet, as at Cadiz; or on a more extended scale, to cut off all access of neutral vessels to that interdicted place, which is strictly and properly a blockade; for the other is, in truth, no blockade at all, as far as neutrals are concerned. It is an undoubted right of bel-
ligerents to impose such a blockade, though a severe right, and as such not to be extended by construction ; it may operate as a grievance onneutrals, but it is one to which, by the law of nations, they are bound to submit." The Juffrow Mlaria Schrceder, 3 Rob. 154.
The decision in the case of the Vrouw Judith, 1 Rob. 151, which was a case of violation of blockade outward by a neu-
tral, says: "Now, with respect to the matter of blockade,. I must observe that a blockade is just as much violated by a vessel passing outwards as inwards. A blockade is a sort of circunvallation round a place, by which all -foreign connection and correspondence is, as far as human, force can effect it, to be entirely cut off. It is intended to suspend the entire commerce of the place, and a neutral is no more at liberty to assist'the traffic of exportation than of importation."
" To shut up the ports of a country, and exclude neutrals from all commerce, is a. great inconvenience upon them, although it is one to which they are bound to submit; for there is no principle of the law of naticns better established, than that a belligerent has a right to impose a blockade on the ports of his enemy." The Juno, 2 Rob. 117.
On the part of the United States it will therefore be con-
tended:-
1. That the money of Guillem was liable to capture. The consequence of a breach of blockade is the confiscation of the ship, and the cargo is always prirndfacieimplicated in the guilt of the owner and master of the ship. 1 Kent's Com. 151. In the case of the Mercurius, 1 Rob. 84, it is decided that, to make the conduct of the ship affect the cargo, it is necessary to show that the owners of the cargo were conusant of the blockade before the cargo was shipped; or to show that the
act of the master binds them. The blockade of Vera Cruz was established shortly after the
declaration of war, in May, 1846. Now Guillem was at that time, and up to the day of his' departure, living in the city, and must have daily seen the blockading squadron cruising off the port, and could not pretend ignorance of the blockade. Both

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

53

The United States v. Guillem.

in his claim and examination as a witness, he admits that he knew of it; yet, with full knowledge of its existence, and as if in defiance and derision of it, he embarked his property on
board. H6 was, therefore, by his own admission, guilty, and his property is good prize. " A breach of blockade subjects the property of all those coAcerned in it to confiscation. The penalty attaches to all those who are privy to the fraud, by themselves or their agents. 2 Wildman, 203. referring to the case of the Wasser Hundt, Dodson, 27.
But it is said that this money is not good prize, because it was not shipped as cargo. In maritime warfare, private prop. erty taken at sea, or afloat in port, is indiscriminately liable to
capture and confiscation. Wheaton's Elements, 405. Besides, money has been recognized by Congress as good
prize of war. 'By the eighth article of the rules and regulations
of the navy, (2 Stat. at Large, 46), it is declared: " That no person shall take out of a prize, or vessel seized as prize, any money, plate, goods, or any part of her rigging, unless it be for the better preservation thereof, or absolutely necessary for the use of any of the vessels of the United States, before the same shall be adjudged lawful prize by a competent court; but the
whole, without fraud, concealment, or embezzlement, shall be brought in, and judgment passed thereon, upon pain that every person offending herein shall forfeit his share of the capture, and suffer such further punishment as a court-martial, or the court of admiralty in which the prize is adjudged, shall impose."
And by the ninth article it is declared: " That no person in
the navy shall strip off their clothes, or pillage, or In any manner maltreat persons taken on board a prize, on pain of such
punishment as a court-martial shall adjudge." It has been before remarked, that Lieutenant McLaughlin
must have been misinformed as to the money being taken from
the persons of the people found on board the Jeune Nelly. Guillem himself admits that, with the exception of the ninety-
seven and a half doubloons, it was taken by the boats of the Mississippi from the wreck to that vessel,.in buckets, the bags -containing it having burst. As to the imputation cast upon an
offider who is not named, as to the ninety-seven and a half doubloonsi there is not a paticle of evidence in the case to sustain it.
2. That no permission had been given either by General Scott or Commodore Perry, at the time Guillem left Vera Cruz, allowing neutrals to leave that port with their property.
By the letters of General Scott and Commodore Perry-be-
fore referred to, all the permission allowed to neutrals was to,

54

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Guillem.

have intercourse with the vessels of war of their respective countries, and even that permission was withdrawn on the 22d
of March. General Scott, in his letter of that date to Commodore
Perry, says: "I have this moment received your note of this date, inquiring whether, in my opinion, it may not be a necessary measure of expediency to stop, for the present, the intercourse heretofore allowed between the neutral vessels of war, off this coast, and the city and castle of Yera Cruz." General
Scott approved of the course suggested. Commodore -Perry, in his letters to the commanders of the
foreign vessels of war, on the same day, says:." The city and castle of Vera Cruz being now closely besieged and blockaded by the military and naval forces of the United States, it has become necessary to prevent all communication from outside, unless under a flag of truce. I am, therefore, constrained to in-
form you, that all inteicourse between the vessels and boats
under your command, and that part of the Mexican coast encompa3ssed by the United States forces, must for the present cease.
General Scott, in his letter to Secretary Marcy under date
of the 25th of March, says: " That, although on the 13th of March I had already refused to allow any persons whatever to pass the line of investment either way, yet the blockade had been left open to the consuls and other neutrals, to pass out to
their respective ships of war up to the 22d instant," and that this intercourse was then stopped.
General Scott's letter to the consuls is to the same effect, speaking only of communication between the neutrals in the
city and the ships of war of their respective nafions. There is not one word in these letters which affords a pre-
tence to say that neutrals were allowed to ship their property. . This case has been presented as one of hardship. On this subject the court said, in the case of the Joseph, 8 Cranch, 454 : "Although these considerations, if founded in truth, present a case of peculiar hardship, yet they afford no legal excuse which it is competent to this court to admit as the basis of its
decision."

Mr, &,Soulf, or the claimant, made the following points : 1st. Guillem was a native of France not naturalized, had resided in Mexico only three yea rs, was not a merchant or "trader, but only a cook. The, money carried by him was not shipped as cargo, .did not appear on any manifest, and was his necessary means of support; and was no more to be interfered with than if it had been a bill of exchange or bank-notes.

DECEMBER TERM,. 1850.

55

The United States v Guillem.

2d. As soon as neutrals who reside in an enemy's country turn their back on the enemy's country, they resume their neutral character. Wheaton on Int. Law, P71, 374, 375, 378; 1 Kent's Com. 75, 77, 78.
3d. Any one has a right to embark, even in a vessel -guilty of the violation of the blockade, as a passenger, and himself and his personal effects are not to be interfered with. The guilt of the vessel does not attach to the passenger and his effects. By personial effects are meant his baggage, wearing apparel, and other property attached to his person, in contradistinction to goods and merchandise.
4th. The permission of General Scott to leave Vera Cruz, and repair on board of tuitional vessels, justifies Guillem in going on board of the Jeune Nelly , 'and his having taken his passport to go by the British steamer in FCbruary, 1847, shows that it was not his intention to violate the blockade; and his embarking in the Jeune Nelly must be bonsidered as an act of
necessity and distress, there being no other means of leaving
Vera Cruz. First Point. The nationality of Guillem is proved by his
own oath, by the testimony of Cassalet, and thlie passport of
the French qonsul; and the same evidence proves that he was
not naturalized, and that his residence had been pnly three years. Sir William Scott lays it down that the shortest period
of time to establish a residence is four years; and 'all the authorities seem to consider that the rule of residence and identification with the enemy attaches more particularly to the commercial character, and the property captured is always spoken of as cargo or merchandise. In the present case Guillem was a cook; what he had with him was money, which is a personal effect. In countries where no banks exist, a man travels with gold and silver. The most extraordinary part of this transaction was, that Guillem had ninety-seven and a half
doubloons in his pocket; and when invited to change his clothes, which were wet, and he was emptying his pockets for that purpose, an American officer who had proffered him the change of clothes laid his hand upon the money. A cook, no
more than any other person, can travel wvith a wife and children without money. The present case bears riot the slightest analogy to the 'case of Henry Rogers et al. and United States v. The American Schooner Amado. In that case, Rogers had resided thirteen years in Mexico, and still remained there. The cargo was taken in a vessel sailing under Mexican colors, which was owned by Rogers, who was
a merchant. His residence, the nature of the cargo, and the circumstances under which it was captured, all stamped the.

56

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Guillem.

vessel and cargo as Mexican. It has been said by an able writer, that truth depends upon distinction, and that law is the
science of distinction. It is impossible for a mind accustomed to discrimination not to perceive the most manifest distinction
between the two cases.
Second Point. The second point is fully sustained by the authorities cited; and we have only to inquire whether the facts of the case bring Guillem within the exception laid down
in the law. Sir William Scott, in the case of the Harmony
(2 Rob. Adm. 324), says: " Time is the grand ingredient in constituting domicile." In most cases it is unavoidably conc]usive; and -in that case that eminent person decided that Jur years were sufficient, to fix the domicile of the party. In the case of the Indian Chief, determined in 1800, Sir William
Scott said (Wheaton on Int. Law, 371): " Taking it to be clear that the national character of" Mr. Johnson, as a British merchant, was founded in residence only, that it was acquired by residence, and rested on that circumstance alone, it must be held that, from the moment he turned his back on the
country where he had resided, on his way to his own country,
he was in the act df resuming his original character, and must
be considered as an American. The character that is gained by residence ceases by non-residence. It is an adventitious
character, and no longer adheres to him from the moment that he puts himself in motion, bondfide, to quit the country, sine
animo revertendi." In the case of the Ocean, determined in 1804, Sir William Scott says (Wheaton on Int. Law, 375): " It would, I think, be going further than the law requires, to
conclude this person by his former occupation, and by his constrained residence in France, so as not to admit him to have taken himself out of the effect of supervening hostilities, by the means which he had used for his removal. On sufficient proof being made of the property, I shall be disposed to hold him
entitled to restitution." Again, in the case of the Drie Gebroeders (Wheaton on Int. Law, 375), Sir William Scott observes,
that "1retences of withdrawing funds are, at all times, to be watched with considerable jealousy; but when the transaction appears to have been conducted bondfide with that view, and
to be directed only to the removal of property which the accidents of war may have lodged in the belligerent country, cases of this kind are entitled to be treated with some indulgence." Wheaton, Int. Law, 378, says: "But this national character
which a man acquires by resiaence may be thrown off at pleasure by a return to his native country, or even by turning
his back on the country in which he resided, on his way to an-
other.. The reasonableness of this rule can hardly be disputed.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

57

The United States v. Guillem.

Having once acquired a national character by residence in a foreign country, he ought to be bound by all the consequences of it until he has thrown it off, either by an actual return to his
native country, or to that where he was naturalized, or by commencing his removal, bondfide, and without an intention of returning. If any thing short of actual removal be admitted to work a change in the national character acquired by- residence, it seems perfectly reasonable that the evidence of a bond fide intention should be such as to leave no doubt of its sincerity." The same doctrine is recognized by Kent, as being
the rule of decision in the courts of the Uited States. See Kent's Com. 75, 77, 78, and the authorities there cited.
Guillom comes completely within the rule. The war be-
tween Mexico and the United States broke out very unexpectedly in May or June, 1846, without formal declaration, and more resembled the incursions of our aborigines than the usual mode
.of. making war adopted in a civilized country. Commissioners to make peace accompanied our invading army, and no one could realize that there was to be any permanent war between the United States and Mexico, and proposals of peace were expected to acbompany every despatch. It was fully expected that, when the Northern army should reach Monterey, the
war would certainly come'to a close. These circumstances fully explain and account for the stay of Guillem from June 1846, to Februaiy, 1847. Some time might be necessary to
collect what was due to him; his term of contract might not have expired, and the blockade itself interposed a difficulty against leaving Vera Cruz, for it was not possible to leave
Mexico and go to a neutral country otherwise than by sea. But as soon as it was found that the war had assumed a permanent character, that an army had been sent to invade
Mexico, Guillem resolved to leave with his wife and children, and the result of their industry and economy, and accordingly
pxepared to embark in February in the British steamer. The wreck of that vessel on the island of Cuba defeated his inten-'ion. His own statement and that of Cassalet of the manner
in which La Jeune Nelly entered- Vera Cruz, in open day in fine weather, on the 13th of March, might well induce him to
believe that she had entered by permission. This was the very day-on which, according to General Scott's despatch, he had given permission to neutrals to withdraw. This communication had doubtless been made known to the French naval authorities. It does not appear that La Jeune Nelly took in cargo; and for aught we know sh might have considered her-
self within the permission granted by General Scott, with the
consent of Commodore Perry, to leave the blockade open to the consuls and other neutrals, to pass out to their respective

58

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Guillem.

ships of war, up to the 22d of March. If the blockade was left open to neutral persons to pass out, it was surely left open for the neutral vessels which should convey them; and the guilt of La Jeune Nelly in running the blockade, if indeed she did run it, was purged by the permission thus given to neutrals to pass out in neutral vessels, and was the reason why La Jeune Nelly left Vera Cruz on the 20th of March in open day, with her colors flying and fearless of interruption. And -this is the reason why the capture of that vessel and her shipwreck have been made cause of claim against the government of the United States. And surely, under these circamstances, the property of Guillem, a neutral who left Vera Cruz with the blockade open, cannot be condemned. La Jeune Nelly was on her way from 'Vera Cruz to Sacrificios when she was captured and wrecked; and if neutrals were permitted to go to Sacrificios, their movements afterwards cannot be controlled. All these circumstances should be cofistrued very favorably towards a party so peculiarly situated.
Third Point. But admitting that La Jeune Nelly had violated the blockade, and that the permission of General Scott and Commodore Perry to neutrals to depart did not purge the violation, and that she was a guilty vessel, and with her cargo
was subject to condemnation, it is contended for the claimant, that this guilt and liability to condemnation, do not in any manner extend to a passenger and his effects. The French crew of La Jeune Nelly could not be made prisoners of var, nor punished in any other manner, nor could their personal effects be confiscated; -afortioi could not those of a passenger. The decided cases settle beyond dispute, that the person and property of a neutral, withdrawing himself after the break-
ing out of war from the enemy's country, even on board of an .enemy's vessel, are not subject to condemnation. The flag does
-not protect any enemy's property in neutral bott4m, and neutral property, if not contraband of war, is not condemned by the character of the flag or of the bottom; and if, in place of being gold and silver, the currency of the country and the per-
sonal effects of the neutral, Guillem had converted his property into any of the productions of Mexico, and sailed in a Mexican vcssel with his family, and with the undoubted purpose of withdrawing himself from the Mexican dominions, his
property would not have been liable to condemnation. This point is. fully established by the case of the Indian Chief,'above
xeferred to. . -If the argument has satisfied the court that Guillem's three
thousand dollars, the earnings of- his three years' labor, can in no proper sense of the words of the English language be called cargo, but are, and hre to be considered as, the baggage and

DECEMBER TERM, .1850.

59

The United States v. Guillem.

personal effects of Guillem, it is impossible to conceive how
the conclusion is ever to be arrived at, that they are subject to condemnation because he embarked in a guilty vessel. In favor of neutrals, the laws of war are to be strictly construed. A neutral vessel, violating a blockade, and her cargo, are to be condemned as prize of war; but was it ever heard of that the neutral individuals were made prisoners, their watches taken-from their pockets, or their money from their purses? No such case
can be produced, and the judge would be considered as having a fhror for condemnation, who should establish the precedent. Whether or not gold and silver are to be considered as mer-
chandise in regard to the laws of war, will depend on the purposes for which they are shipped. If sent for the purpose of paying a debt, or for the purpose of purchasing merchandise, they
may well be considered as cargo; but if carried by a man who is emigrating to a foreign country or returning to his own, and
nsed as the means of taking his property along with him, they cannot be considered as cargo. Every case of this kind must depend on the circumstandes which surround it. Guillem leav-
ing Mexico with his wife and children, ignorant of commerce and not confiding in the engagements of merchants, and -perhaps unable to procure them, carried with him his small fortune, in the only shape and form of money with which he was
familiar. Is there no difference between money carried as the personal property of the passenger, and money shipped for the ordinary purposes of commerce? If this distinction be made, it is impossible to understand how the three thousand dollars of gold and silver carried by Guillem, one half of it on his person, can be condemned as the cargo of La Jeune Nelly.
Fourth Point. The statement of this point carries its own argument with it. If the blockade was raised for the purpose of permitting neutrals to go on board of the neutral ships of
war, it is to be supposed they would be permitted to carry their clothes, personal effects, baggage, and money with them. We must suppose that they could have gone to the neutral ships of war either in cutters or other small craft of those vessels, or in Mexican craft. It was to be supposed that General Scott
and Commodore Perry were in good faith in giving this permission, and in raising the blockade for the escape of neutrals, and so long as neutrals took advantage of this permission in good faith, and did not attempt to cover Mexican property, our courts would respect and enforce the rights thus conferred.
The libel in the present case is said to be for the benefit of*the officers and men of the vessdls of the squadron in the Gulf of
Mexico. This squadron was commanded by Commodore Per-
ry, and neither he, his officers, nor men will be allowed to profit by the breach of the permission thus given to neutrals to with-

60

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Guillen.
draw themselves. When once on board of the neutral ships of war, the neutrals are at liberty to go where they please; whether the raising of the blockade extended to La Jeune Nelly or not, is a qiiestibn which remains to be settled between the governments; but it is presumed that the courts will compel respect to such a permission given by the commander of the naval and land forces of the United States. In every point of view, therefore, in which the case can be considered, it is believed that this court will affirm the judgment of the Circuit Court, and will decree that the costs be paid out of that part of the property seized which was condemned.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court. There is no dispute about the material facts in this case. The claimant was a citizen of France who had been domiciled in Mexico about three years, following the occupation of a cook in a hotel, and was returning with his family to reside in his own country when the capture was made. They sailed from Vera Cruz in a French vessel bound to Havre. The money he bad with him, and which is now in question, was not shipped as cargo, or for the purposes of trade. It amounted to only two thousand eight hundred and sixty dollars; and was the earnings of his industry in Mexico, and taken with him for the
support of himself and his family upon their return to France. The hostile character which his domicile in Mexico had impressed upon him and his property had therefore been thrown
off; and as soon as he sailed from Vera Crui he-resumed the character of a French !itizen, and as such was entitled to the
rights and privileges of a neutral, in regard to his property, as well as in his person. The rights of the neutral in this respect have always been recognized in the prize courts of England, and were sanctioned by this court in' the case of the Venus, 8
.13ranch, 280, 281. Indeed, we do not understand that the appellants claim to have this money condemned upon the 'ground that it was liable to be treated as the property of an enemy, on acec6unt of the previous domicile of Guillem. But
it is insisted that, if 'it is regarded as the property of a neutral, it was shipped in violation of the blockade; and that the char-
Acter of the vessel in which it 'was found 'also subjects it to
c.onSdoe.mfanrataiosn.concerns the breach of blockadfe, the attempt to pass out of the port with this money was' not of itself an offence, apart from the vessel in.which he sailed. . The block-
ade had been opened for the purpose of enabling consuls and other neutrals to pas§ out to their respective ships of war, soon after General Scott landed and invested the town. And it continued open for that purpose until -the 22d of March. It is

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

61

The United States v. Guillem.

true that the permission was confined to ships of war. But

the reason is obvious. They were the only vessels that could

be safely allowed to communicate with the town fhen closely

besieged. And the permission was restricted to them, because

it was believed that commanders of national vessels wpuld not

suffer a privilege granted to neutrals from motives of humanity

to be used for improper purposes.

But the object and intention of this order were evidently, not

merely to enable the neutral to avoid the hazards of the ap-

proaching bombardment, but to afford him ,an opportunity to

leave the enemy's country, and return to his own, if he desired

to do so. The neutral was not required or expected to remain

on board the ship of war. The permission opened to him a

path by which he might escape altogether from a courltry about

to be visited with the calamities of war. It therefore neces-

sarily carried with it the permission to take'with him the

means of supporting himself and his family, on their voyage

home and after their return. The order contains no restriction upon this subject, and to imply any would be inconsistent with

the motive by which it was evidently dictated. The Jeune

Nelly, in which the claimant embarked, sailed on the 19th of

March, while the blockade was still open for the purposes

above mentioned. It was no breach of the blockade, therefore,

for the claimant to pass out of the town at that time on his

voyage home, and to take with him the sum of money his in-

dustry had accumulated, and which was necessary for the sup-

port of himself and his family on their arrival in their own

country. The port was not then closed against the egres of

neutrals from the hostile country; nor were they forbidden to

take with them the money necessary for their support. And

if Guillem had gone on board a French ship of 'war for the

purpose of returning home, and taken with him this small sum

of money, his right to do so could not be questioned.

But it is supposed that the character of the vessel in which

he embarked subjects his property to forfeiture. La Jeune

Nelly had entered the port ii violation of the blockade; and

endeavored to break it a second time by leaving the port with-

out permission. She was undoubtedly liable to capture and

condemnation. But it does not by any means follow, that the

property of the claimantis implicated in the guilt of the ves-

sel, or must share in the punishment- There is no evidence to

show that he had knowledge of the previous breach of block-

ade, or of the intention to break it again in going out. She

was a neutral vessel belonging to his 6wn country, and had

come into the port in open day under the French flag; and

she sailed again in a manner .equally open, and without any

VOL. XI.

6

g.

SUPREME COURT.
The United States v. Guillem.
apparent design of concealing her movements from the blockading squadron. The permission granted by the American commanders had as a matter of course been made public in Vera Cruz; and Guillem must without doubt have sden citizens of neutral nations daily leaving the city for the ships of war, and taking with them the necessary means of support for themselves and their families. He appears to have done nothing more than avail himself of the most convenient opportunity that offered in order to afcomplish the same object; and if he did not participate in the design of breaking the blockade, his property is not affected by the misconduct of the vessel in which it was shipped. Even in the case of cargo shipped as a mercantile adventure, and found on board of a vessel liable to condemnation for a breach of blockade, although it is prinid facie involved in the offence of the vessel, yet, if the owner can show that he did not participate in the offence, his propert3 is not liable to forfeiture. This is the rule as stated by Sir William Scott in the case of the Alexander, 4 Rob. 93, and in the case of the Exchange, 1 Edwards, 39, and recognized in 1 Kent's Coin. 151. And yet, in the case of a cargo shipped for the purposes of commerce, the breach of blockade is almost always committed by the vessel for the benefit of the cargo, and to carry out some mercantile speculation injurious to the rights of the belligerent nation whose ships are blockading the port. The, case before us is a stronger one in favor of the claimant than that of the innocent owner of a cargo. The money in question was not shipped as cargo or as a mercantile adventure. Guillem was a passenger on board, with his whole family, and the money was a part of his personal effects necessary for their support and comfort. The shipment of the money could give no aid or comfort to the enemy. And in taking his passage in the Jeune Nelly, his intention, as far as it can be ascertained from the testimony, was merely to return to his own couritry, in a mode better suited to his humble circumstances and more convenient to his family, than by passing through the ships of war. In the opinion of the court, the money he took with him was 'not liable to condemnation on account of the guilt of the vessel, and the decree of the Circuit Court is therefore aifirmed.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Couit of the United States for the District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

529

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.

The motion filed by Mr. Walker, the 18th instant, for the hearing of this cause, was argued by 3Messrs. Stanton and IFallw,, in support of, and by .lIessrs. Stuart and Johnson, in opposition to, the same.
The report of the commissioner appointed at the last term having been returned on Thursday, the 13th instant, it is thereupon ordered by the court, that the case be continued to the next term, with leave to each party to file exceptions to the commissioner's report on or before the first Monday of July, the exceptions to stand for argument on the second Monday in December next. If no exceptions shall be filed by either party, then the case to stand for final hearing on the day last mentioned.

GEORGE M. GILL, TRUSTEE, &C., OF LYDE GOODWIN, V. ROBERT OLIVER'S EXECUTORS, AND GLENN AND PERRINE, TRUSTEES.

In 1839 a treatr was made between the United States and Mexico, providing for the "adjustment'of claims of citizens of the United States on the Mexican republic."
Under this treaty a sum of money Was awarded to be paid to the members of the Baltimore Mexican Company, who had subscribed money to fit out an expedition against Mexico under General Mina, in 1816.
The proc'edi of one of the shares of this c6mpany were claimed by two parties, one as being the permanent trustee of the insolvent owner of the share, and the other
as b.ing the assignee of the.provisional trustee and afterwards the assignee of the insolvent himself The judgment of the Court bf Appeals of "Maryland,that the latter claimant is entitled to the money, is not reviewable by this court under the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act.

THIs case came up by writ of error to the Court of Appeals

for the Western Shore of Maryland, being the highest court of

law and equity in that State; which writ was issued under the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act.

It was argued at last term, on a motion to dismiss for want

of jurisdiction:, But the court reserved the point till final hear-

ing. On the hearing at this term, the question of jurisdiction

continued to be the most important question in the case,-

and that on which it was decided by the court.

A brief history of the facts connected with the case, and of

the pleadings, will be sufficient to exhibit the questions in-

volved.

In the year 1816, General Xavier Mina, who was at that

time connected with the revolutionary party in Mexico in opposition to the authority of. Spain, came to the city of Balti-

VOL. XI.

45-

530

SUPREME COURT.

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.

more, and there entered inte a contract with certain geht]emen of that place, who associated themselves under the name of the "Baltimore Mexican Company," for the purchase of a
quantity of arms, ammunition, &c., to fit out an expedition against the then government of Mexico. On account of the risk attending their delivery and the uncertainty of the payment, it was agreed that Mina should pay one hundred per cent. on the cost of the articles, and interest. The goods were shipped for Mexico, and delivered according to contract, but
were not paid for by General Mina, as he was soon after taken
prisoner and shot. From this time till 1825, the recovery of the claim was con-
sidered hopeless. In 1825, Mexico had achieved her independence, and after
much solicitation the government was persuaded to acknowledge the justice of this claim, and assume the payment of it by an act of Congress passed to pay the debts of Mina. But notwithstanding the recognition of this claim as a debt, its payment was delayed for many years, and seemed almost
hopeless. Many and larger claims were held by citizens of the United
States against Mexico, of which the government had been
urging the payment, and finally, on the 11th of April, 1839, a convention was concluded between the Secretary of State of
the United States and the Mexican Minister, "for the adjustment of claims of citizens of the United States of America, upon the government of the Mexican republic." By this treaty all claims by citizens of the United States upon the Mexican government, &c., were referred to four commissioners, "who were authorized to decide upon the justice of said claims, and
the amount of compensation due from the Mexican government in each case."
As the claim of the "Baltimore Mexican Company" had
been recognized as a debt of the Mexican government by a solemn act of their Congress, its justice could not well be denied. It was accordingly allowed by the commissioners, on proof of its correctness and exhibition of the original contract
with Mina. David M. Perrine and John Glenn, who claimed to be as-
signees in trust of eight of the nine shares into which the stock of the company had been divided, received the amount of the award, and according to agreement with their ceitui que trusts, deposited the money in the Mechanics' Bank of Baltimore, to be distributed according to the respective rights of the prarties
claiming it. Soon after this was done, Philip E. Thomas and John

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

531

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.

White filed their bill in chancery against said Perrine and Glenn,
claiming the share of - Smith, and praying the intervention and assistance of a court of equity, in order to the just distribution of the proQeeds of the award in the hands of the trustees.
The defendants, Perrine and Glenn, came into court, and submitted "that they are willing and desirous that the proceeds of the award may be distributed among the parties under the direction of the court, &c., and join in praying an early refer-
ence to an auditor for that purpose." The money being thus in court for distribution, all persons
who laid any claim to it intervened by bill or petition against
the trustees and opposing claimants. Among others, the plaintiff in error, George i. Gill, filed his bill, claiming the
share and interest of Lyde Goodwin, who was one of the original nine or ten persons who were partners or members of
the "Baltimore Mexican Company." The bill alleges, that this company was formed in 1816; that
Lyde Goodwin owned one ninth part of the property; that in February, 1817, Lyde Goodwin applied to the ceart for the benefit of the insolvent laws of Maryland, which he duly received; that the complainant was appointed permanent trustee, and gave the proper bond for faithful performance of the trust. The bill goes on to state the convention with Mexico in 1839, the award of the commissioners, the receipt of the share of Lyde Goodwin by Glenn and Perrine, under a power of attorney from Oliver's executors, who claimed title to the same under a pretended assignment from George J. Brown, the
provisional trustee of said Goodwin, and finally prayg that the executors of Oliver, the claimant of the share, and said trustees, may answer, account, and bring the certificates (in which payment was made) into court, that they may be delivered
over to complainant.
The complainant filed also another bill against the trustees and all other claimants, for the sum of five per cent. on the whole amount, as due to Lyde Goodwin for services rendered
to the company, by contract with them. The complainant founded his claim to the money in both
cases on the allegation "that all Lyde Goodwin's interest in said property and claims had become vested in the petitioner by virtue of his application and the laws of the State."
The answers of the defendants admit the application of Lyde 'Goodwin for the benefit of the insolvent laws and his discharge; but state that the' complainant, Gill, was not appointed permanent trustee till March,'1837; that on the 26th of February, 1817, George J. Brown was duly appointed by the court provisional trustee, and gave bond and security, and

SUPREME COURT.
Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.
that the debtor, Lyde Goodwin, on the same day executed to said trustee a deed of assignment of all his property. That in 1825 said Brown conveyed t9 Robert Oliver, and afterwards, on the 30th of May, 1829, Lyde Goodwiul assigned and conveyed to said Oliver all his title and interest in the claim of the company on Mexico, The defendants allege and plead, that by these assignments the title to the share of Lyde Goodwin vested in Robert Oliver in his lifetime, who is now represented by his executors.
There was no dispute on the facts of this case, and the only questions of law involved in it are, whether, by the insolvent laws of Maryland, the title of Gill, as permanent trustee, to the money in court, was better- than the previous assignment by the provisional trustee and Lyde Goodwin himself: On the one side it was contended that, by the insolvent act of Maryland passed in 1805, all the property and estate of the insolvent which he held at the time of his. discharge vested in his permanent trustee whensoever he should thereafter be appointed,
and that the deed from the provisional 'trustee, George J. Brown, conveyed no title to Oliver, under ,the insolvent laws. Nor did the deed of Goodwin himself convey any title, because by his insolvent proceedings all his right, title, and interest in
this claim became divested. On the contrary, the executors of Oliver contended that, un-
til-the recognition of this claim by Mexico, in 1825, it did not constitute such property as would pass by the insolvent assignment. That after, by the labors of Goodwin and other agents of the company, this claim was assumed 15y Mexico, and acknowledged as a debt, it vested in Goodwin as a new acquisition, which he might convey. And of this opinion was the Court of Appeals of Maryland.
The judgment of the Court of Appeals of Maryland wag as follows :-
" The appeal in this case coming on for hearing, and having been fully argued by the solicitors of the respective parties, has been since fully considered by the court; and it appearing to the court that that part of the decree appealed from of the court below, which directed any portion of the fund. in contro. versy to be transferred or paid to the appellee, George M. Gill, as permanent trustee of Lyde Goodwin, was erroneous, and should be reversed; and it also appearing to the court that said portion of said fund should be paid over and transferred to the appellants, Charles Oliver, Robert M. Gibbs, and Thomas Oliver, as executors of Robert Oliver, in the proceedings mentioned, together with all accumulations of interest or dividends since accruing upon the same:

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

533

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et &L

"It is thereupon, by this court, and the authority thereof, on this 23d day of June, in the year 1849, adjudged, ordered, and decreed, that the said decree of the court below, so far as the same adjudged and decreed any portion of the fund in controversy to be transferred or paid to the said George M. Gill, as permanent trustee'of Lyde Goodwin, be, and the same is, reversed and annulled; and this court, proceeding to pass such decree in the premises as theylire of opinion should have been passed by the court below, do further adjudge and decree, that all and every part of such portion of said fund, so by the court below
decreed to be transferred- or paid to said George M. Gill, as trusteeaforesaid, be, by the trustees in the proceedings mentioned, David M. Perrine and John Glenn, transferred or paid over to the appellants, Charles Oliver, Robert M. Gibbs, and
Thomas Oliver, as executors of Robert Oliver; together with all and every accumulation of interest or dividends, or ,invest-
rents of the same, made or accruing in and upon such part or portion of said fund; and it is further, by this court, and its authority, adjudged and decreed, that all other portions of the decree of the court below, except such as is hereby reversed, be, and the same is hereby, affirmed; it is further adjudged and decreed, that the reversal of the decree of the court below
be without costs." The opinion of the said Court of Appeals was as fol-
lows "The majority of this court, who sat in the trial of this cause,
(and by which was decreed the reversal of the decree of the County Court,) at the instance of the solicitors of the appellees, briefly state the following as their reasons for such reversal.
They are of opinion that the entire contract, upon which the claim of the appellees is founded, is so fraught with illegality and turpitude, as to be utterly null and void, and conferring no rights or obligations upon any of the contracting parties which can be sustained or countenanced by any court of law or equity in this State, or of the United States; that it has no legal or moral obligation to support it, and that therefore, under the insolvent laws -of Maryland, such a claim does not pass to-or vest. in the trustee of an insolvent petitioner. It
forms no part of his property or estate, within the meaning of the legislative enactments constituting our insolvent system.
It bears no analogy to the cases, decided in Maryland and elsewhere, of claims not recoverable in a coiurt of justice, which
nevertheless have been held to vest in the trustees of an insolvent or the assignees of a bankrupt. In the case referred to, the claims, as concerned those asserting them, were, on their part, tainted by no principle of illegality or immorality; on the
45"

534

SUPREME COURT.

Gill v. Olivet's Executors et al.

contrary, were sustained by every principle of national law and natural justice, and nothing was wanting to render them recuperable, but a judicial trilunal competent to take cognizance thereof. Wholly dissimilar is the claim before us. Such is' ts character, that it cannot be presented to a court of justice but by a disclosure of its impurities; and if any thing is conclusively settled, or ought to be so regarded, it is that a claim, thus imbued with illegality and corruption, will never be sanctioned or enforced by a court either of law or equity.
Entertaining this view of the case, it is unnecessary to examine the various minor points which were raised in the argument before us."
To review the judgment of the Court of Appeals, Gill sued out a writ of error, and brought the case up to this court.

It was argued by lfr. Nelson and Mir. Dulany, for the p]aintiff in error, and Mr. Johnson and 1r. Campbell, for the defend-
ants in error.

The point of jurisdiction was thus stated in the brief of the counsel for the plaintiff in error.
5th. That the decision of the commissioners, and their award, conclusively established the amount and validity of the
claim of the Mexican Company, which under the act of Congress it was their duty to decide "according to the provisions of said convention, and the principles of justice, equity, and the law of nations." That the Court of Appeals, in deciding that the contract upon which the claim of said company was founded was so fraught with turpitude and illegality as to be
utterly null and void, comes in direct conflict with the decision and award of the commissioners. Comegys v. Vasse, 1 Peters,
212; Frevall v. Bache, 14 Peters, 95; Sheppard v. Taylor, 5 Peters, 710.
6th. Wherefore the plaintiff in error will further contend, that by the decision against his claim, set up in the pleadings on the record in this case, under the said treaty, act of Congress, and award in pursuance thereof, by the Court of Appeals, the construction, operation, and effect of the said treaty, act of Congress, and the award in pursuance thereof, were-necessarily
drawn in question and directly decided. And therefore this court has jurisdiction to eAtertain the present appeal. 5 Crancb, 344; 6 Cranch, 281; 1 Wheat. 305, 315, 335; 2 Peters, 245, 250, 380,410; 3 Peters, 290, 352; 4 Peters, 410; 6 Peters, 41,
48; 10 Peters, 363, 398; 16 Peters, 281; Judiciary Act of 1789, S2-5; Osborn v. Bank of U. States, 9 Wheat. 748.
The following notes of the argument of Mr. -bulangshow

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

535

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.

the reasons why he maintained this point. After giving a narrative of the case he proceeded as follows.
From the foregoing extracts I think it clearly appears, that it was the design of the treaty to give compensation to claims
which antecedently had been preferr.& against the Mexican government, if upon examination they should turn out to be just.
That upon the determination of such claims, and an award given for the amount, the claims themselves became extinguished and merged in the awards, which follows not more from the operation of general principles of law, than the express provisions of the treaty, which in its twelfth article declares that the United States agree for ever to exonerate the Mexican government from any further accountability for claims which should either be rejected by the board, &c., or which, being allowed, &c., should be provided for by the government
in the manner before mentioned. "Whoe-er, then, claims a right to the certificates issued on the
award in favor of the Mexican Company must claim it under the treaty by which, and the act of Congress to carry it into
effect, they were created. It is to the treaty they owe their ex-
istence, their obligation, and theii value. The right and title which the plaintiff in error claims"in his
petition under the treaty to the certificates in question have never been perfected in him by a delivery of the certificates themselves; nor indeed in any other person. For although they came to the possession of Glenn and Perrine from the Secretary of the Treasury, yet the delivery to them was not as owners, but it was qualified by the terms of the award under which they were issued. The award assigned to " Glenn and Perrine" eight shares of the Mexican Company, including that of Lyde Goodwin, "as trustees for Robert Oliver's legal representatiyes, and whomsoever else it might concern, in the ratio of their respective interests." Thus the certificates were delivered to Glenn and Perrine as trustees and depositaries for the true owners, whomsoever they might be; and Glenn and Perrine in point of fact, when the pl intiff in error filed his petition, had delivered them to no one, but, on the contrary, had submitted the question of their distribution to the jurisdiction of Baltimore County Court sitting in equity.
Hence it follows, that a perfected title to the certific.ates in controversy in this case has as yet never vested in either party
thereto, but that the right and title.demanded on the one side and the other, growing, as the plaintiff in error claims, immediately out of the treaty, remain to be ultimately determined by the true construction thereof by this court, the Court of

536

SUPREME COURT.

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.

Appeals in Maryland having decided against the right thus
claimed. Now, if nothing more appeared in the record than the right
claimed by the plaintiff, in error in his pleadings, by and under the treaty, and the decision of the court below against the right thus claimed, that brings this cause within the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, under the twenty-fifth article of the Judiciary Act. 7 Howard, 743 -772.
But it is said that, because the plaintiff in error has set forth the title which he derived under the insolvent laws of Maryland to Gobdwin's share in, the Mexican Company, no such right, title, or privilege, under the convention with Mexico, is set up by the plaintiff in error in his petition, and no decision against any such right, title, &c. made by the court below as would give jurisdiction to review it to this court, under the twentyfifth section of the Judiciary Act, but that the whole case turns upon the construction of the laws of Maryland.
In this position I apprehend there is great error, and ample authority in the former decisions of this court for its condem-
nation. It is perfectly true that the plaintiff in error has alleged
that, by the laws of Maryland, the share which was of Goodwin ini the Mexican Company, on the 25th of February, 1817, became vested in him, being the permanent trustee of Goodwin, as of that day. And I insist that it is in reference to this very title, thus acquired, under" the laws of the State, that the treaty is to be interpreted, in order that the rights and benefits which it designed to bestow should be awarded to the proper person. In this view of the case, the State laws, or general prin-
ciples of law, are to be construed and interpreted as incidental
to, and absolutely essential in, the mere exercise of the power and duty of construing the treaty itself. In determining whether the plaintiff is entitled to the certificates which he claims under the treaty, it is necessary to inquire into the validity of the title
under which he claims; and how can this be accomplished without the consideration of all legal questions which might affect that validity, and so influence the decision upon the
rights claimed under the treaty? If the plaintiff in error is entitled, by the law of Maryland, to the share in the Mexican Company which was of Lyde Goodwin, in order to receive
the benefits and protection of the convention with Mexico,
then it becomes necessary in dispensing those benefits, and applying*to his case the protection of the treaty, to determine his title upon that law. This, has heretofore been the well-estab-
lished practice of this court.
In Owings v. Norwood, 5 Cranch, 344, C. J. Marshall said:

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.
Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.
"Each treaty stipulates something respecting the citizen' of the two nations, and gives them rights. Whenever a right grows out of, or is protected by a treaty, it .is sanctioned against all the laws and judicial decisions of the States; and whoever may have this right, it is to be protected."
In Smith v. The' State of Maryland, use of Carroll et al. (6 Cranch, 286; 2 Cond. R. 377), the principle here contended for is fully asserted, and clearly explafied and applied. 'The whole dispute there turned upon the construction of a State statute; and the benefit and protection claimed by the plaintiff in error as arising out of the treaty, it was admitted on both sides, depended upon the interpretation of the Maryland law.
In the opinion of the court they say: " It is contended by the defendants in error, that the questibn involved in the cause turns exclusively upon the construction of the confiscation laws of the State of Maryland, passed prior to the treaty of peace, and that no question relative to the construction of that treaty did or could occur. That the only point in dispute was, whet'her the confiscation of the lands in controversy was complete or not, by the mere operatioi of those laws, without any further act to be done."
" This argument," said the court, "proves nothing more than that the whole difficulty in this case depend- on that part of it which involves the construction of certain State laws, and that the operation and effect of the treaiy, which constitutes the residue of the case, is obvious so soon as that construction is settled."
The court then asserting its appellate jurisdiction, which had been denied, proceeded to a rekxamination of the State laws, and affirmed the interpretation of them given by the State court to which the writ of error had issued.
In an elaborate opinion of this court, delivered by Justice. Story, upon the point now in controversy, in Martin v. Hunter's Lessee (3 Cond. R. 571, 572; 1 Wheat. 304), he confirms the principle decided, and approves the case above cited from 6 Cranch.
In page 571 of the Cond. Rep., Justice Story says: "The objection urged at the bar is, that this court cannot inquire into the title, but simply into the correctness of the construction put upon the treaty by the Court of Appeals; and that
their judgment is notre&xaminable here, unless it appear on the face of the record that some construction was put upon the treaty. If, therefore, that court might have decided upon the invalidity of the title (and vn constat that they did not) independent of the treaty, there is an end of the appellate jurisdiction of *his court," &c.

N8

SUPREME COURT.

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.

"If this be the true construction of the section," he continues, "it will be wholly inadequate for the purposes which it professes to have in view, and may be evaded at pleasure."
After rejecting the construction of the section contended for, he asks: "WWhat is the case for which the body of the section provides a remedy by writ of error? The answer must be in the words of the section. A suit where is drawn in question the construction of a treaty, and the decision is against the title set up by the party. It is, therefore, the decision with referqnce to the treaty, and not the mere abstract, construction of the treaty itself, upon 'which the statute pretends to found its appellate jurisdiction. How, indeed, can it be possible to decide whether a title be within the protection of a treaty, until it is ascertained what that title is, and whether it have a legal validity? From the very necessity of the case, there must be a preliminary inquiry into the existence and structure of the title, before the court can construe the treaty in reference to that title. If the court below decide that the title was bad, and therefore not protected by the treaty, must not this court have a power to decide the title to be good, and therefore pro-
tected by the treaty ?" The above cases are- reviewed and confirmed in Crowell v.
Randell, 10 Peters, 3096.
If, therefore, there was nothing more in the record than that to which reference has been made in these remarks, I think the above cases fully sustain the appellate jurisdiction of the court in this case.
1st. Because, the right of the plaintiff in error, claimed in his petition, as therein set forth, necessarily arises out of, or is protected by, the convention between Mexico and the United
States.
2d. Because the decree of the Court of Appeals in denying this right, upon whatever grounds the denial proceeded, decided
against the right itself. But, in the second place, it is manifest by the record, and
from the opinion and grounds of decision of a majority of the court, that the tteaty itself was considered, and that, with reference to the claims of the Mexican Company, its validity was virtually impeached, and its effect and operation altogether
denied. The court say: "That the entire contract, upon which the
claim of the appellie," now plaintiff in error,"' is founded, is so fraught with illegality and turpitude, as to be utterly null and void, and conferring no rights or obligations upon any of the contracting parties which can be sustained or countenanced by any court of law or equity in this State, 'or of the United

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

539

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et a1.

States; that it has no legal or moral obligation to support it, and that therefore, under the insolvent laws of Maryland, such a claim does not pass to or vest in the trustee of an insolvent
petitioner," &c., &c.
The words, "the entire contract," used by the court in its opinion, refer to the agreement made with General Mina by
the different members of the Mexican Company.
This agreement will be found referred to in the plaintiff's
printed statement, filed in this cause.
in the deposition of Lyde Goodwin, he states that the book showing the contract with Mina had been carried to Mexico, was before the commissioners at Washington, and "that this was the book on which the claim of the Mexican Company
was founded and allowed by the commissioners.' The record in this cause will show that the same book was
before the Court of Appeals, and constitutes the whole evidence going to show the character of Mina', entire contract with the
members of the Mexican Company. It was upon this evidence that the company foanded their claims against the Meiican government, and induced a recognition of their validity by the passage of an act of Congress by that gcvernment. It was
upon the same evidence that the United States were prevailed upon to enter into negotiations with Mexico on behalf of the company, which finally terminated in. a treaty in their favor, by the authority and under the provisions of which a board of commissioners was appointed, who on the same evidence pro-
nounced an award in favor of the company, for the amount of their claim against the Mexican government.
Now the question is, whether the decree of the Court of Appeals against the claim of the plaintiff ilierror, on the ground of the turpitude of the contract out of which it arose, does not necessarily draw into question the validity, effect, and operation of the treaty and act of Congress under which the
board of commissioners made their decision and award, directly contrary to that of the Court of Appeals.
The answer to this question will depend,*first, on the power of the commissioners, and secondly, upon what they did decide.
By the first article of the treaty the commissioners had power "to examine and decide upon the said claims," that of the Mexican Company being undoubtedly one of them, " according
to such evidence as shall be laid before them on the part of the United States and the Mexican republic respectively." ·
The fourth article declares that the Mexican government shall furnish such documents, &c., as may be in their posses-
sion, for the adjustment of said claims "according to the principles of justice, the law of nations, and the stipulations of

SUPREME COURT.
Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.
the treaty," &c. of amity and commerce between the United States and Mexico.
The fifth article imperatively requires the commissioners to "decide. upon the justice of the said claims, and the amount of compensation, if any, due from the Mexican government in each case."
By the first section of the act of Congress passed 12th June, 1840, after directing in what manner the board of commissioners shall be constituted, it declares that the duty of the said. board "shall be to receive and examine all claims which are provided for by the" said "convention," &c., &c., "and which may be presented to said commissioners under the same, and to decide thereon according to the provisions of the said convention, and the prindiples of justice, equity, and the law of nations."
It is perfectly clearx, from the above extracts from the treaty and act of Congress, that the commissioners had ample power and authority, -
1st. To decide as to what claims came within the provisions of the convention;
2d. To decide upon the existence of such claims on the evidence produced before them, and their conformity to the principles of equity, justice, and the law of nations; and
3d. To ascertain and fix the amount due on said claims from
the Mexican government. In the exercise of the powers thus conferred, and in fulfil-
ment of the duties imposed upon them, the board of commissioners assembled at Washington, and, with reference to the claims of the Mexican Company, they received the evidence of their contract with General Mina, out of which the claim arose, and ascertained its amount, for which they gave an award in fivor-of -thelcompany against the government of Mexico.
This award refers to the claim of the Mexican Company, and states that it was for arms, vessels, munitions of war, goods, and money furnished to General Mina, for the service of Mexic6, in the years 1816 and 1817.
Now the position which I assume is, that the award, made as it was in pursuance of the stipulations of the treaty and its requirements, and those of the act of Congress, and consequently upon the principles of jilstic i equity, and the law of nations, is perfectly conclusive in all courts of justice as to the innocency of the contract with Mina in 1816, anal the validity and amount of the claim growing out of it.
In the case of Comegys v. Vasse, 1 Peters, 212, the court use language in regard to the treaty then under discussion which is strictly applicable to the present case: -

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

641

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et Al.

"The object of the treaty was to invest the commissioners

with_ full power and authority to receive, examine, and decide

upon the amount and validity of the asserted claims against

Spain, &c.; their decision within the scope of this authority

is conclusive and final. If they pronounce the claim valid or

invalid, if they ascertain the amount, their award in the prem-

ises is not re~xaminable. The parties must abide by it as the

decree of a competent tribunal of exclusive jurisdiction."

If such be the effect of an award under a treaty, does not

the decision of the Court of Appeals in this cause, pronouncing

the contract of the company with Mina so infected with turpi-

tudq and corruption as that no legal or moral obligation could

arise out of it, draw into question, and necessarily decide upon,

the effect and operation of the convention, act of Congress, and

award made in pursuance thereof, in a case where the plaintiff

in error had claimed the funds in dispute in his petition, on the

foundation of such convention, act of Congress, and award?

I am aware that it has been suggested that the Court of

Appeals decided against the claim of the plaintiff in error,

upon the construction of the insolvent laws of Maryland. But

upon an examination of the opinion, it is perfectly obvious that

they did not do so; on the contrary, it is strongly, if not ne-

cessarily, implied, that, if Goodwin's claim had been unaffected

by turpitude, it would have passed to and become vested in his

trustee, upon Goodwin's insblvency.

The Court of Appeals say that such a claim, that is, a claim

originating in turpitude, does not pass under the insolvent

laws of Maryland. The last proposition is not 4n independent

one, but is the mere consequence of the first. The Mexican

Company's contract with Mina was corrupt, and for that rea-

son "bears no analogy to the class of cases, decided in Mary-

land and elsewhere, of claims not recoverable in a court ;f

justice, which nevertheless have been held to vest in the trus-

tees of an insolvent or the assignees of a bankrupt." Upon

such an impure contract, devoid of any legal or moral obliga-

tion, Lyde Goodwin, previous to his application for thebenefit

of the insolvent laws, had in 1816 no claim whose validity the

law would recognize in the shares of the Mexican Company,

and as he had no legal right, none could pass to or become

veste'! in the plaintiff in error, as his trustee. Thus was the

plaintiff defeated in his suit, upon the very point where he

might most surely have trusted to the protection of the treaty

and the award under it.

The convention was not made to sanction corrupt and ille-

gal agreements; on the contrary, -no contracts, by its express

terms, could fall within its provisions, but such as were in con-

voL. xT.

46

542

SUPREME COURT.

Gill v. Oliver's Executors ot al.

formity with "justice, equity, and the law oi nations." Upon these principles the commissioners were commanded to decide upon all the claims presented to them. When, then, they received and examined evidence in regard to the contract with
Mina, they determined necessarily, in regard to that contract, that it was in its origin innocent and valid, otherwise they could not have allowed, as they did, the claims growing out of it. The decision, therefore, of the Court of Appeals, that their contract was corrupt, that no claim could have arisen out of it, and that the plaintiff in error could not recover, i8 in direct opposition to the treaty, act of Congress, and award, and in defiance of that protection which they afford to the right of
the plaintiff in error, as set up in his petition. I do not mean to say-whether the decision of the court be-
low 'isright or wrong, but merely that it draws in question
necessarily the effect, operation, and validity of the convention with Mexico, and of the award of the commissioners, and therefore falls within the appellate jurisdiction of this court.

The following extract from the brief of the counsel for the
defendants in error will show the manner in which they stated the point of jurisdiction.
The power of Brown, as Goodwin's provisional trustee, to afsign Goodwin's interest to Oliver, the efficacy of Goodwin's
own assignment to Oliver, the construction of the trusts of the deed of the 8th of May, 1841, from Oliver's Executors et al. to Glenn and Perrine, though part of the merits in the State court,
are supposed to be no'proper subjects of discussion here. 1st. The petitions of the plaintiff in error do not specially
set up or claim any right or title under the convention with Mexico, or the act of Congress, or the award made in pursuance of them, nor does the court below decide against any such right or title. The petitions deny the title of Oliver's executors as assignees, and rest their demands on the ollicial character of the plaintiff in error, as giving him title under the
insolvent laws of Maryland, and on the trusts of the deed of the 8th of May, 1841, as constituting them trustees for him,
being so entitled, and the decision of the State court turns altogether on its construction of those insolvent laws, which confer, in its judgmet, no title on the plaintiff in error. Udell v. Davidson, 7 How. 771; Smith v. Hunter, 7 How. 743; Maney v. Porter, 4 How. 55; MeDonogh v. Millaudon, 3 How. 705;
Downes v. Scott, 4 How. 502; Kennedy v. Hunt, 7 How. 593;
Fulton r. MoAffee, 16 Pet. 149; Coons v. Gallagher, 15 Pet. 18; MoKenney v. Carroll, 12 Pet. 66; Crowell v. Randell, 10 Pet. 392; Montgomery v. Hernandez, 12 Wheat. 19; Williams

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

543

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.

v. Norris, 12 Wheat. 117; Hickie v. Starke, 1 Pet. 98; Mathews.v. Zane, 7 Wheat. 206; Owings v. Norwood, 5 Cranch, 344; Smith v. The State of Maryland, 6 Cranch, 286;
Plater v. Scott, 6 Gill & Johns. 116; Hall v. Gill, 10 Gill & Johns. 325; 1 Stat. at Large, 384.
2d. The decision of the State court, that Goodwin's claim did not pass to his permanent trustee on account of its illegal-
ity and turpitude, does not conflict with the award, or the treaty or act of Congress under which the award was passed, because
the commissioners were empowered to decide nothing but.the liability of Mexico for the claims set up against that republic,
which were admitted by Mexico prior to the treaty, but long after Goodwin's application; and because the said convention
or treaty of 1839, and the proceedings under it cannot affect the question, whether the insolvent laws of 'Maryland did or did not operate in 1817 to transfer the claim to the trustee of
oodwin, the force and effect of these laws at the time when Goodwin applied being the question before the court below.
Comegys v. Vasse, I Pet. 212; Sheppard v. Taylor, 5 'Pet 713; Frevall v. Bache, 14 Pet. 97; Maryland Acts of 1805, ch. 110, and 1816, ch. 221 ; Hall v. Gill, 10 Gill & Johns. 325.
3d. By the well-settled law of Maryland, as applicable to Goodwin's arid all other applications for the benefit of the insolvent laws at that period (1817), the plaintiff in error, as trustee of Goodwin under his application, took title to no property, rights, or claims of Goodwin the insolvent,.but such as he had at the
date of his application. At that period; Goodwin had no pos. sible right or claim against the government of Mexico, which
did not come into existence for several years afterwards, nor against the then existing government of Spain in Mexico,
which Mina's expedition was designed to overthrow; and the only alleged or possible claim he, Goodwin, then had, was
against Mina, under Mina's contract with the Mexican Com pany; and this contract with Mina, as the State court has de-
clared by its decision, was illegal, and created no right or claim in Goodwin which could or did pass to his trustee, undet his
said application in 1817. The decision of the State court, therefore, involved bui two questions, the first of which was,
whether said contract with Mina vested any rights in Goodwin, at the date of his application in 1817, which passed to his trustee; and the second, whether the treaty and. award, allowing
as against Mexico the claim of the Mexican Company, under its said contract with Mina, had any such operation or retrospect, as to that contract, as tq validate it in Maryland as betweeii th6 original parties, and to validate- it ab ii.itio, so as to vest"in the trustee by retroactive rights and claims under that

SUPREME CO-URT.
Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.
contract, which bad no legal existence at the period of Goodwin's application. The first question, the defendants in error will maintain, is conclusively established by the decision of the State court, and is not open to inquiry here, as it involves nothing but the decision of the Maryland court upon a Maryland contract, as to the rights created by it, and the transfer of those rights in 1817 to the trustee of the insolvent. The second, and, as the defendants will maintain, the only possible question open here, will be as to the operation of the treaty and award. And as the State court has not expressed any specific opinion as to the treaty, or any right or title set up or claimed under it, the jurisdiction can only be maintained, if at all, by establishing that such a right .or title was involved in the decision of the question, and that the treaty did so retroact as to validate said contract ab initio, and vest in the trustee of 1817 the rights given by that contract, which rights so vested in, the trustee the decision of the State court denied him. And the defendants in error will maintain, that even if there be any such right, title, or privilege specially set up or claimed under the treaty as to give jurisdiction, which they deny, yet the treaty could not have, and was not intended to have, any such operation or retrospect. They will insist that the treaty and award under it had, and could have, no other effect, than to establish the liability of Mexico to pay that claim under the treaty, and settled nothing but the validity of that claim against Mexico; and that by the award made under it to Glenn and Perrine, the trustees of the defendants, the defendants have the only right or title*set up, claimed,. or obtained under the treaty, which the plaintiff in error can controvert.only by showing that they were entitled to the clajm thus allowed to the defendants, and that the treaty and award settled no rights as between the claimants, but merely the obligation of Mexico to pay the claim. They will further insist, that the question, whether the original contract between Mina and the Mexican Company gave Goodwin any rights which passed to his trustee in 1817, was a, question of Maryland law upon a Maryland contract, upon which Mexico's subsequent recognition or agreement to pay that claim, as due by herself, could have no influence; that Mexico's subsequent agreement to pay the claim herself had no bearing upon the question as to what were the rights of Goodwin in Maryland, under the original contract between Mina and the Mexican Company; and that the express waiver by Mexico, or even by the Spanish government which she overthrew, or the objection of illegality as far as she was concerned, could not affect the question of the validity of the original contract iP Maryland, and under the laws of Maryland, and

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

545

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.

above all, could not retrospect so as to repeal the laws of Maryland by validating that original contract ab initio, and passing the rights under it to the trustee of 1817. And as the result of the whole, therefore, the defendants in error will maintain, that the decision of the State court has conclusively es-
tablished the original invalidity of the contract, and that the trustee took no rights under it; and that the treaty, if thefe be any question raised under it, gave the plaintiff in error no right,
title, or privilege which can affect that decision, or was denied by the State court. Milne v. Haber, 3 McLean, 212; and authorities under the first and second points.

Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court. If this court can take jurisdiction of this case under the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act, it must be under either the first or third clause, as the second is admitted to be wholly inapplicable to it. 1. The first is, "where is drawn in question the validity of a treaty or statute of, or an authority exercised under the United States, and the decision is against their validity." 2. The third is, "where is drawn in qtlestion the construction
of any clause of the Constitution, or of a treaty or statute of, or commission held under the United States, and the decision is against the title, right, privilege, or exemption specially set up or claimed by either party under such clause," &c.
1. We have sought in vain through the record of this case to find any question raised directly by the pleadings, or "by clear and necessary intendment therefrom," touching the validity of any treaty, statute, or authority exercised under the United States.
Both parties claim certain moneys in court as assignees of Lyde Goodwin, who was a member of the "Baltimore Mexican "Company," and entitled to a certain proportion of the money awarded to said company as a just claim on the Mexican government. The validity oi the award, or the treaty under which it was made, is not called in question by either party, as both claim under them. In order to ascertain the effect of certain previous assignments made by Lyde Goodwin, the history of the-origin of his claim necessarily makes a part of the case.
The treaty and award are introduced as a part of this history, as facts not disputed by either party. The money being in court, both the treaty and the award were funcli officio, and no decision of the rights of the claimants inter se can,
in the nature of the case, involve tfhe validity of either. The decision of the Court of Appeals, that the original con-
tract with Mina in 1816 did not create such a debt as would 46 *

546

SUPREME COURT.

Gill v. Oliver's.Executors et td.

pass by the insolvent laws of Maryland, neither directly nor by implication questions the validity of any treaty, statute, or
authority under the United States. That the Baltimore Mexican Company set on foot and pre.
pared the means of a military expedition against the territories and dominions of the king 6f Spain, a foreign prince with whom the United States were at peace, is a fact in the history of the case not disputed, and which if wrongly found by thb court would not give us jurisdiction of the ease. That such conduct of the company in making their contract with General Mina was a high misdemeanor, punishable with fine and imprisonmert by the fifth section of the act of the 5th of June, 1794, chap. 51, cannot be disputed by any one who will read the statute; and the conclusion drawn therefrom by the court below, that the contract of the company with Mina in 1816, being founded on an illegal transaction, was void by the law of Maryland, where it was made, and passed no equity, right, or title whatsoever to an insolvent assignee in 1817, involved
no question of "the validity of any treaty or statute of, or an aithority exercised under the United States."
The validity or binding effect of the original contract with Mina is neither directly nor indirectly affirmed, either in the convention with Mexico or in the award of the commissioners
under it. The fact that the "Baltimore Mexican Company" exposed
not only their property to capture by the Spanish vessels of war, but their own persons to fine and imprisonment by the authorities of the United States, only enhanced the justice and equity of their claims against the new government of Mexico.
The original contract with General Mina was a Maryland
contract, and its validity and construction are questions of Maryland law, which this court is not authorized to decide in
the present action. 2. We are equally at a loss to discover in this record where or
how "the construction of any clause of the Constitution, or of a treaty or statute of, or commission held under the United States," is drawn in question in this case.
As we have already said, both parties claim money in court; and, in order to test the value of their respective a.ssignments
from Lyde Goodwin, introduce the history of the claim from its-origin.
The treaty and award are facts in that history. They were before the court but as facts, and not for construction. If A
hold land under a patent from the United States or a Spanish grant ratified by treaty, and his heirs, devisees, or assignees dispute as to which has the best title under him; this does not

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

547

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.

make a case for the jurisdiction of this court under the twentyfifth section of the Judiciary Act. If neither the validity nor
construction of the patent or title under the treaty is 'contested, if both parties claim under it, and the contest arises from some question without or dehors the patent or the treaty, it is plainly no case for our interference under this section.
That the title originated in such a patent or treaty is a fact in the history of the case incidental to it, but the essential con-
troversy between the parties is without and beyond it So
in this case, both claim the money in court. It is a fact that
the money has been paid by the republic of Mexico, on a claim which has been pronounced just and equitable by commission-
ers under the convention of 1839. It is a fact, also, that the origin of this claim was for arms and ammunition furnished for an expedition under General Mina, for the purpose of insurrection against the Spanish government. It is'a fact, that the
Baltimore Mexican Company, or the individuals composing it, exposed themselves to punishment under the neutrality act. It is a fact, also, that afterwards, when Mexico bad succeeded in establishing her independence; when her rebellion had become
a successful revolution; that she very justly and honorably made herself debtor to those who perilled their property and persons in her service at the commencement of her struggle. It is a fact that, though this claim was acknowledged as a
just debt by Mexico as-early as 182, payment was never ob-
tained till after the award of the commissioners under the convention with Mexico in 1839, "for the adjustment of claims of citizens of the United States on the Mexican republic." It is a fact, that this claim thus recognized by the Mexican Congress was pronounced a just debt in favor of citizens of the United States against the republic of Mexico.
But whether this debt of the Mexican government, first
acknowledged and made tangible as such in 1825, did previously exist as an equity, a right, or a chose in action capable of passing by assignment under the insolvent laws of Maryland in 1817, is a question not settled in the treaty or award, nor involving any question as to the construction of either, but aris-
ing wholly from without, and entirely independent of either the one or the other. The treaty was, that " all claims of citizens
of the United States found t6 be just and equitable should be paid." The award was, that this claim of the " Baltimore
Mexican Company," which had been acknowledged in -1825 as a valid claim by Mexico, was a just debt, not a false or feigned
one, and ought to be paid. The money is awarded to be paid to Glenn and Perrine "in trust for whom it may concern," The award does not undertake to settle the. equities or rights of

548

SUPREME COURT.

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et a].

the different persons claiming to be legal'or equitable assignees or transferees of the interests of the several members of the company. That is left to the tribunals of the State where the members of the company resided and the assignments were made. In deciding this question, the courts of Maryland have put no construction on the treaty or award, asserted by one party to be the true one and denied by the other. It was before them as a fact only, and not for the purpose of construction. Whether this money paid into court, under the award and first acknowledged by Mexico as a debt in 1825, existed as a debt transferable by the Maryland insolvent laws in 1817, or whether it, for the first time, assumed the nature of a chose in action transferable by assignment after 1825, when acknowledged of record by Mexico, and passed by the assignment of Lyde Goodwin to Robert Oliver, was a question wholly dehors the treaty and award, and involving the construction of the laws of Maryland only, and not of any treaty or statute or commission under the United States.
It is ,a conclusive test of the question of jurisdiction of this court in the present case, that, if we assume jurisdiction, and proceed to consider the merits of the case, we find it to involve no question either of validity or construction of treaties or statutes of the United States.
But the only questions in the case will be found to be, what was the effect of the appointment of George M. Gill in 1837 as permanent trustee, under the insolvent laws of Maryland of 1805? Was the void and illegal contract with Mina, made in 1816, such a chose in action as would pass by such insolvent law in 1817 ? Or did it first become an assignable claim after it was acknowledged by Mexico in 1825, and, as a new acquisi'tion of Lyde Goodwin after his insolvency, pass by his assignrnent to Oliver. A resolution of these questions,-by or through any thing to be found on the face of the treaty or award, or any necessary intendment or even possible inference. therefrom, is palpably impossible.
The whole case evidently turns on the construction of the laws of Maryland, and on facts connected with the previous history of the claim, which are not disputed, and which are incidental to the treaty and award, but which raise no question either as to their validity or consfruction.
This case is therefore dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY, Mr. Justice McLEAN, Mr: Jus-
tice WAYNE, and Mr. Justice WOODBURY dissented.

Chief Justice TANEY stated that, in his opinion, this court

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

549

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.

had jurisdiction of the question upon which the case was decided in the Court of Appeals of Maryland, and that their decision was erroneous, and ought to be reversed.

Mr. Justice McLEAN concurred in opinion with the Chief Justice.

Mr. Justice WOODBURY.
I object to the form of the judgment to be entered in this case, rather than to the results of it to the parties. By dismiss-
ing the writ of error for want of jurisdiction, as is done here,
the judgment in the State court is left in full force; whereas, in my view, this court has jurisdiction, and should affirm the judgment in the State court, thus leaving it, as the other
course does, in full force, but on different grounds. The consequence to the parties, by pursuing either course, differs so little, that it does not seem necessary to go into any elaborate exposition of the reasons for this dissent, and I shall therefore
content myself with stating only the general grounds for-it
All that seems indispensable to give jurisdiction to us in this class of cases is, that the plaintiff in error should have set up, in support of his claim in the State court, some right or title under a treaty or doings by authority from Congress, and that it should be overruled by the State court. See the twenty-
fifth section of the act of 1789 (1 Stat. at Large, 85), and various decisions under it, including Owings v. Northwood's Lessee, 5 Craneh, 348, and Smith v. Maryland, 6 Cranch, 304; 2
Howard, 372. Here the appellant set up in his bill a claim to money under a treaty with Mexico, and an award under it by commissioners appointed by an 'act of Congress, and the State court, in his opinion, overruled his claim. This, in my view, gives jurisdiction to us, whether the State court decided right
or wrong. See Armstrong v. Athens Co.unty, 16 Peters, 285; Miller v. Nichols, 4 W"heat. 311. The very object of the writ of error is to ascertain whether they did decide right or wrong, and the jurisdiction to make this revision of their opinion arises not from its error, but its subject-matter; the latter being a claim set up under some United States authority. Neilson
v. Lagow, 7 Howaid, 775. The next and only remaining inquiry for me, supposing that
we-b ve jurisdictin, is, whether the State court formed a right conclusion in overruling the claim s~t up 'by the appellant. I think they did. So far as it rested on authority under the United States, it is by no means clear that they overruled it
improperly. The claim, so far as regards the enforcement of the treaty with Mexico, does not seem to have been overruled,

550

SUPREME COURTI

Gill v. Oliver's Executors et al.

in terms by the State court. That court did not decide that the treaty was corrupt or illegal, or in any way a nullity, when they held that the original contract violated the laws of neutrality. So far, too, as regards the award made by the com-
missioners, that the Baltimore Mexican Company and their legal representatives had a just claim under the treaty for the amount awarded, it was not overruled at all.
It is not manifest, then, that any thing really in the treaty or in the award, set up by Gill, the plaintiff, was actually decided against, but only something he claimed to be there ;that when the appellants claimed that he, rather than others, was legally entitled to one ninth of the sum awarded to the Baltimore Mexican Company, the State court seems to have overruled that. But in doing this, they must sfill have held the treaty itself to be valid, and the award of the commissioners under it to be valid, or they could not have decreed this share of the fund to Oliver's executors, as they appear to have done expressly by the record.
, All must concede, that the State court speaks in its language against the Mina " contract" alone as illegal, and in terms do not impugn either the treaty or the award; and it'is merely a matter of inference or argument that either of these was assailed, or any right properly claimed under them overruled. But it is true the court held that Oliver's executors, rather than the appellant, were entitled to the fund furnished by Mex-
ico, and lopg subsequent to Mina's contract; but in coming to that conclusion, they seem to have been governed by their views as to their own laws and the principles of general jurisprudence. The treaty or award contained nothing as to the point whether Gill or Oliver's executors had the better right
to this share, but only that the Mexican Company and their legal representatives should receive the fund. This last the court did not question.
But who was the legal representative of Lyde Goodwin's share? Who, by insolvencies, sales, or otherwise, had become
entitled to it? That was the question before the court, and the one they
settled; and in deciding that, they overruled the claim of Gill to be so, by virtue of any authority in the treaty or award; and in saying thitt the fund should go to Oliver's executors, as best entitled, rather" than Gill, they did it under their own State
laws. It is a general rule for the State tribunals, and not the com-
missioners, to settle any conflict between different claimants; and the usage, whbn disputes exist is not for commissioners to go further than act on the validity of the claim, and decide

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

551

Gill v. Oliver's .Executors et al.

besides the superior rights of one of the claimants. Frevall v. Bache et al., 14 Peters, 95; Comegys v. Vasse, 1 Peters, 212; Sheppard v. Taylor.et al., 5 Peters, 710.
It is true, that the opinion given in the State court in support of its judgment is not entirely free from some grounds for misconception, yet the judgment itself appears right, and, if erroneous, resting as idoes wholly on the State laws, it is not competent for us, under this writ of error, to reverse it. We can reverse it only when wrong, and wrong, too, for deciding improperly against some claim under a tnited States law or
treaty.
This, I think, it has not done. In short, the whole real truth appears to be, that the State court considered the Mina
contract in 1817 as a violation of the neutrality act of 1791; and therefore, -when Lyde Goodwin failed in the same year,
and went into insolvency, that his share in the contract, being illegal and void, could not then pass to his creditors, or his trustee in their behalf. But when the Mexican government, about 1825, adopted the contract, and acknowledged its liability to pay those entitled, the court seems to have thought that their obligation was virtually a new one. It occurred after the
insolvency, and hence seems supposed not to have passed to the creditors, any more than did new property subsequently acquired.' (See Insolvent Act of 1805, ch. 110, § 2.) Conse-
quently, the commissioners held that the creditors end their trustee were not entitled to its benefits. Goodwin could and
did legally assign to Oliver his new rights and new guarantees, for his share from Mexico. These last, though growing out of
the original Mina purchase, were 'not a violation of'the act of
1794,- were honorable, though not compellable, and were not deemed illegal either by. Mexico or the government of the
United States, or the comimissioners, or the State court. Again, under the State laws doubts seemed to arise, (in de-
ciding on which was the proper claimant,) whether the original
trustee was not duly appointed in 1817, and could not legally
assign this claim, if it passed to him then or afterwards, as he attempted to pass it to Oliver, rather than considering it as belonging to, or vesting in, Gill, the appellant, who was not appointed trustee till 1825, and then in a manner somewhaf questionable. (4 Gill & Johns. 392.) That, however, was like-
-wise a point arising exclusively under the State laws, and
which we are not authorized to decide in this writ of error. It is for reasons like these, that, in'my opinion, the judgment
in the State court, so far as it related to any claim -set up and supposed to be overruled under any authority derived from the Uited States, is within our jurisdiction; but that the State

552

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Hughes et al.

court did not improperly overrule any such claim so set up, and hence that the judgment in the State court ought to be affirmed.
Order.
This cause came on -to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Court of Appeals for the Western Shore of Maryland, and was argued by counsel, On consideration wvhereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that this cause he, and the same is hereby, dismissed, for the want of jurisdiction;

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, V. DAVID M. HUGHES, ROBERT SEWALL, AND FRANKLIN HUDSON, A MINOR, BY HIS TUTOR, HOLmES
HUTCHINSON.
Where a person entered land according to law, but omitted to obtain a patent for it, and another person afterwards obtained a patent from the United States by proceeding as if it were vacant land, knowing at the same time that it was not vacant, the patent thus obtained will be set aside.
Nor is it a sufficient objection to a decree, that the process was by an information in the nature of a bill in chancery, filed by the attorney for the United States. A simple bill in equity would have been better, but this process being so in substance, the case will not be dismissed for want of form. '
An individual owner of land would, in such a case, be entitled to the relief of having the patent set aside; and the United States, as a landholder, must be entitled to the same.
The deeds of conveyance filed as exhibits show the property to have been sold for two thousand dollars, and that it was afterwards converted into a sugar estatc. This is sufficient to maintain the jurisdiction of this court.
Tis was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana.
The attorney of the United States filed an information in the nature of a bill in chancery against David M. Hughes, who was the real defendant, and also against Sewall and Hudson, nominal defendants.
On the 12th of April, 1814, Congress passed an act (3 Stat. at Large, 122) for the final adjustment of land titles in the State of Louisiana and Territory of Missouri.
The fifth section wag as follows :"Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That every person, and the legal representatives -of every person, who has actually inhabited and cultivated a tract of land lying in that part of the State of Louisian. which composed the late Territory of Orleans, or in the Territory of Missouri, which tract is not rightfully claimed by any other person, and who shall not have

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

375

Fowler et al. v. Merrill.

Order.
This cause came on to be'heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the County of 'Washington, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgmaent of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs.

AnSALO1I FOWLER AND NOAH H. BADGETT, APPELLANTS, V. AYRES
P. MERRILL.

The act of Congress passed on the 24th of September, 1789 (1 Stat. at Large, 88,

89), provides that ex parte depositions may be taken before a judge of a County

Court. Where a Probate Court is organized for each county in a State, is a court of record,

and has a seal, it is sufficient if a deposition under that act be taken before a judge

of the Probate Court.

Although the day when a mortgage was executed was not stated, yet where it bore a date in its commencement, and its acknowledgment and date of record were both given, and both of them preceded a sheriff's sale of the mortgaged property, it was

certain that the mortgage was executed before the sale under execution.

Although, when the mortgage was recorded, the laws of the State did not make the

mere recording cosvey the title when the personal property thus mortgaged re-

mained in the possession of the mortgagor, yet they sanctioned the mortgage unless it was made without good consideration, and opposed by a bondfi*d subsequent purchaser, who had no notice of its existence.

But the fact of recording the mortgage tended to give notice of its existence, and in the present case the evidence shows that the purchasers at the sheriff's sale had notice of the mortgage.

Such purchasers must allege that their want of notice continued up to the time of

making actual payment; a want of notice merely extending to the time of making

the purchase is not enough. Payment might have been refused, and then they would not have been injured.

Moreover, between the time when the mortgage was in fact recorded and the time

of the sheriff's sale, the State passed a law making such recorded mortgages

valid. The increase or offspring of slaves belong to the owner ofthe mother.

The decree of the Circuit Court being that the purchasers at the sheriff's sale should either surrender the property to, the prior mortgagee, or pay the value

thereof, such value was properly computed as it was at the time of rendering the

decree.

,The hire of the slaves was properly charged as commencing when the prior mort-

gagee filed his bill for a foreclosure.

C

THIS was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Arkansas, sitting as a court of equity.
It was a: bill .filed by Merrill, the appellee, against Fowler

SUPREME COURT.

Fowler et al v. Merrill.

and Badgett and other persons, under the following circumstances.
In April and June, 1837, N. L. Williams made the fbllowing
notes: -

"$ 11,428 =2o.

Natchez, 1st April, 1837.

"Two years after date, I promise to pay J. L. Dawson, or

order, the sum of eleven thousand four hundred and twentyeight dollars and twenty-two cents, value received. Negotiable

and payable at the Planters' Bank of Mississippi, Natchez.

(Signed,)

N. L. WILLIAMS."

" 1,150.

Natchez, 1st June, 1837.

"Twelve months after date, I promise to pay J. L. Dawson,

or order, eleven hundred and ffty dollars, value received, ne-

gotiable and payable at the Planters' Bank of Mississippi,

Natchez. (Signed,)

N. L. WILLIAMS."

Making together the sum of $ 12,578.22.
These notes, indorsed by Dawson, were also indorsed by Merrill, and discounted for Dawson's use by the Planters' Bank of Mississippi at Natchez.
In order to secure Merrill, Dawson executed a mortgage to
him of certain negroes then on the plantation of Dawson, in Arkansas. There were nine negro men, six women, and three boys included in the mortgage. As this mortgage was much discussed in the argument, it is proper to give its commencement and'acknowledgment: -

"This indenture, made this 25th day of November, in the year of our Lord 1837, between James L. Dawson, of the county of Jefferson, State of Arkansas, of the one part, and A. P. Merrill, of the city of Natchez, State of Mississippi, of the, other part, witnesseth: That the said James L. Dawson, in
consideration of the debt to be secured, hereinafter mentioned,
and of one dollar to him in hand paid by the said A. P. Merrill, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, doth give, grant, bargain, sell, and convey unto the said A. P. Merrill, the fol-
lowing-described negroes, now on the plantation of the said James L. Dawson, known by the name of Woodstock, lying in
the county of Jefferson, State of Arkansas, viz." &c., &c. "To have and to hold the said negroes unto the said A. P.
Merrill, his heirs and assigns, to the only proper use of the said A. P. Merrill, his heirs and assigns for ever." Provided, that if the said James L. Dawson, his executors and administrators,

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

877

Fowler et al. v. Merrill.

or either of them, do pay, or cause to be paid, unto the said

A. P. Mferrill, his executors, administrators, or assigns, the just

and full sum of $ 12,578.22, as mentioned in, two certain notes

of the following tenor, viz. No. 1, drawn by N. L. Williams,

dated 1st April, 1837, at t,.ro years, for $11,428.22; 2 do. do.,

1st June, 1837, twelve months, $ 1,150, indorsed by J. L. Daw-

son and A. P. Merrill, and payable at the Planter's Bank of

Mississippi, Natchez, then these presents to be void; and the

said James L. Dawson doth covenant with the said A. P. Mer-

rill, that he, the said James L. Dawson, his executors, adminis-

trators, or assigns, shall and will pay, or cause to be paid, to

the said A. P. Merrill, his executors, administrators, or assigns,

the said sum of $12,578.22, as aforesaid, on the day above

limited for the payment thereof.

"In testimony whereof, the said James L. Dawson has here-

unto set his hand and seal, thie day and'yeqr above written.

(Signed,)

J.&aEs L. DAwsoN.

"Signed, sealed, and delivered in the presence of-

"State of Alississippi, Adams County.

"Personally came before me, Judge of the Probate Court in and for the county aforesaid, the within-named James L. Daw-
son, who acknowledged that he signed, sealed, and delivered
the within instrument in writing, as his act and deedi for the purposes and intents, and on the day and year, therein: men-

tioned. " Given under my hand and seal, this 24th day of Novem-

ber, A. D. 1837.

"C. RAwLINGS, Judge of-Probate.".

On the 29th of December, 1837, "thismortgage was recorded
in Arkansas. On the 12th of March, 1841, the President and Directors
and Company of the Commercial Railroad Bank at Vicksburg, suing for the use of William W. Frazier, Thomas E. Robbins, and William S. Bodley, obtained a judgment against Dawson in the Circuit Court of Pulaski County (State court of Arkansas). The amount of the judgment was, -

Debt, . .

Damages,

Costs,

.

..

.

.

..

$9,688.00

. . . . . 1,065.00

..

.

.

8.95

On the 24th of April, 1841, afri 32*

$10,761.95
fdcias was issued upon

378

SUPREME COURT.

Fowler et al. v. Merrill.

this judgment, and levied upon certain lands and eleven of the negroes mentioned in the mortgage.
After an alias writ, the property was exposed to sale on the 11th of October, 1841. Fowler became the purchaser of some of the negroes, and on the next day the sheriff executed a deed to him, reciting the judgment and execution, and concluding thus:-

" Now, know all men by these presents, that I, John . Hammett, as such sheriff as aforesaid, for and in consideration of the premises, and for and in consideration of the said aggregate sum of $ 2,966.66§, to him, the said John J. Hammett, as such sheriff, in hand paid by the said Absalom Fowler, the receipt whereof is hereby acknbwledged, have granted, bargained, sold, and delivered, and do hereby grant, bargain, sell, and deliver, all of said slaves above described to the said Absalom Fowler, hereby conveying to him, and to his heirs and assigns for ever, all of the right, title, estate, interest, claim, and demand of the said James L. Dawson, of, in, and to the same. Not making myself hereby responsible for the itle of said slaves, but oily conveying, as such sheriff, the title -of the said James L. Dawson in and to the same.
" Signed, sealed, and delivered, this 12th day. of October, A. D. 1841. Interlined on second and third pages before signed.
" JOHN J. HAMMETT,
Sheriff of .Tefferson County, Arkansas."

Badgett subsequently purchased some of these slaves from Fowler, and other persons, who were made defendants, in the bill filed by Merrill, were purchasers at the sale.
On the 4th of March, 1842, Merrill paid the notes of WilJiams, which had been discounted for Dawson's use by the Planters' Bank of Mississippi.
On the 7th of September, 1842, Merrill filed his bill in the Circuit Court of the United States for Arkansas, against the following persons; viz. "James L. Dawson, who is a citizen of the State of Arkansas, but now temporarily residing in the Indiani country vest of the State of Arkansas, James Smith of Arkansas County, William Dawson of Jefferson County, Samuel C. Roane of Jefferson County, Samuel Taylor of Jefferson County,-Nathaniel H. Fish of Jefferson County, Garland Hardwick of Jefferson County, Absalom Fowler of Pulaski County, Noah H. Badgett of Pulaski County, and all of-whom arecitizens of the State-of Arkansas, and Sophia M. Ba'ylor, who is a citizen of the State of Arkansas, but now

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

379

Fowler et aL v. Merrill.

temporarily residing at Fort Gibson, in the Indian country, west of the State of Arkansas."
The bill stated the circumstances mentioned above, and then averred that the defendants purchased the slaves with notice of the mortgage. It then specially interrogated Fowler and Badgett, among other things, as to whether they ever had actual notice of the mortgage, and if so, when; and- also as to the value of the slaves at the time they came into their possession, and their value at the time of filing the bill; and as to the worth of their services or hire after they came into defendants' possession; and whether Jackson and other children were the issue of the mortgaged slaves; and also as to the identity of
the slaves themselves. Defendants answered, setting up a bong fide purchase, with-
out notice, at the sheriff's sale, and denying, as far as they
knew or believed, all of the material allegations of the bill, and .alleging that the mortgage was fraudulent; that Dawson had remained continuously in possession of the slaves, contrary to the terms of the deed; that they did not know whether the slaves were the same, and denied positively that Jackson was the issue of any one of the mortgaged slaves. In response to the interrogatories as to the value, hire, &c., Fowler' answered,
that Eliza, one purchased by him, and sold to Badgett, died before the commencement'of the suit; that, at the time he purchased them, they were worth about what he gave for them, to wit : Tom, $ 533.331; Phoebe and Jackson, $ 666.66 ;
Mary and Henry, $500; Maria and her child, $ 600; Eliza, $ 466.662 ; and that, since the sale, the value of slaves gener-
ally, and these also, had depreciated at least one fourth; and that their hire, deducting necessary expenses, was worth, per
annum, for Tom $ 70, Maria $60, M'vary $ 40, Phoebe $ 40;
and for the others, nothing. Badgett answers, also, that Phoebe was worth $ 400, Eliza $ 350, Jackson $ 65, and that Eliza had died, &c., and that their hire was not worth more than $ 40 per annum.
The valuation preparatory to the sheriff's sale was as follows -

Tom,

.

.

.

.

Phoebe and Jackson,

Mary and Henry,

.

Maria and her child, .

Eliza ,

.

.

Valued at
$800 1,000
760 . 700
700

Sold for
$533.33
666.66 600.00 600.00
466.66'

It is not necessary to trace the progress of the suit through

380

SUPREME COURT.

Fowler et al. v. Merrill.

its various steps. Many depositions were taken under a commission, and otherwise, and exceptions to their, admissibility filed. One of them, which is the subject of a part of the opinion of this court, will be particularly mentioned for that reason.
The point, as raised and decided in the Circuit Court was as follows : --
"The fourth exception is, ' that the deposition of Henry D. Mandeville, taken at Natchez, on the 8th of March, 1845, was taken without any sufficient notice having been served on said defendants of the time and place of taking the same.'
" The answer to this exception is, that where a deposition is taken, according to the acts of Congress, at greater distance from the place of trial than one hundred miles, no notice is required. By the certificate of the magistrate before whom the deposition was taken, it appears that the witness lives more than one hundred miles from this place; that his certijcate is competent evidence of the fact, is established by the adjudication of the Supreme Court in the case cf the ]k.tapsco Insurance Company v. Southgate, 9 Peters, 617. £he court say: 'It was sufficientLy sho~Vn, at least primin facie, that the witness lived at a greater distance than one hundred miles from the place of trial. This is a fact proper for the inquiry of the
officer who took the deposition, and he has certified that such is the residence of the witness. 'In the case of Bell v. Morrison, 1 Peters, 356, it is decided that the certificate of the magistrate is good evidence of the facts therein stated, so as to entitle the deposition to be read to the jury.' This exception is overruled.
"The fifth exception is to the competency of the evidence contained in the deposition of Mandeville. 'The decision of this exception will be reserved to the final hearing.
"The sixth exception is to the authority of the magistrate before whom Mandeville's deposition was taken. It was taken before Thomas Fletcher, judge of the Probate Court within and for the county of Adams, and State of Mississippi, and the inquiry is, wh~ether he is authorized by the acts of Congress to take depositions. By the 30th section of the Judiciary Act of 1789, depositions de bene esse may be taken before any judge of a county court of any of the United States. Is Thomaa Fletcher a judge of a county court of any of the United States? In order to decide this question,,ve must look into
the laws of the State of Mississippi. That this court is bound to take notice of the laws of Mississippi is clearly settled by the Supreme Court of the United States in the case of Owings v. Hull, 9 Peters, 625. The court say, that the laws of all the Sfttes in the Union are to be judicially taken notice of, in the

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

381

:Fowler et al. v. Merrill.

same nanner as the laws of the United States are to be taken

notice of, by the Circuit Courts of the United States. Look-

ing, then, into the laws of Mississippi, we find a Court of Pro-

bates established in each county of the State, with jurisdiction

in all matters testamentary, and of administration of orphans'

business; in the allotment of dower; in cases of idiocy and

lunacy, and of persons non compos mentis (see § 18 of the

4th artile of the Constitution, and the acts of the legislature

of 1833, law 444). By the fourth section of the act it is pro-

vided, that the Court of Probate in each county shall procure

a seal for said court, thereby constituting it a court of record.

" The question then is, Is this a county court? It is a court

of record established in each county in the State, and styled

' the Probate Court of the County of

' I Lm clearly

of opinion, that it is such a county court as is contemplated by

the act of Congress, and that depositions may be taken before -the judge thereof. The deposition of Mandeville is a deposi-

tion taken de bene esse, and may be read on the final hearing,

unless the defendant shall show that the witness has removed

within the reach of a subpcena after the deposition was taken,

and that fact was known to the party, according to the decis-

ion of the Supreme Court in the case of the Patapsco Insu-

rance Company v. Southgate, 5 Peters, 617. This exception is

therefore overruled."

Roane and others of the defendants made a compromise

with Merrill, which was sanctioned by the court, and the bill

was dismissed as to Sophia M. Bayl6r.

On the 23d of August, 1847, the Circuit Court made a

long explanatory decree, of which the following is the con-

clusion: -

" This cause came on to be heard at this term, and was ar-

gued by counsel; and thereupon, upon consideration thereof,

it was ordered, adjudged, and decreed as follows, to wit: That

the bill, as to the defendant, Sophia M. Baylor, be, and the

same is hereby, dismissed, with her costs, to be paid by her to

the said complainant. And it is further ordered and decreed,

that unless the sum of $ 18,934 shall be paid or tendered to the

said complainant, or his solicitor, by the remaining defendants,

or any or either of them, on or before the first day of the next

term of this court, they, the said defendants, are from thence-

forth to stand absolutely debarred and foreclosed of and from

all right, title, interest, and equity of redemption of, in, and to

the said mortgagcd property in the bill mentioned, and a sale

of said mortgaged property decreed, if a sale thereof shall be

deemed expedient by thi court. And the question of hire of

the mortgaged properhy, of costs, and all other questions in the

382

SUPREME COURT.

Fowler et al. v. Herrilr

cause not now decided, are reserved to the further decree of this court.
"And it is.further ordered, that this cause be, and the same is hereby, continued until the next term of this court.
"At the next term of the court a final decree was passed, fixin'g the value of the slaves and their hire, sanctioning the compromise made by some of the defendants, ordering a restitution of the slaves held by the rest, or, in case of neglect or refusal to restore, holding them responsible for the assessed value of such
slaves."
Fowler and Badgctt appealed from this decree to this court

It was argued by lr. Lawrence, for the appellants, and .Ur. Addison, for the appellee.

The points made for the appellants were the following. The appellants insist that the deposition of Mandeville, taken on the 8th of March, 1845, ought to have been sup-
pressed on their exceptions. It was taken before a judge of the Probate Court of Missis-
sippi, an officer wholly unauthorized by sect. 30 of the act of September 24th, 1789, to take depositions .ex parte, or by any other act of. Congress. See 1 Stat. at Large, pp. 88, 89,
§ 30. And the argument of the court below, that, because in that
State there is a Probate Court established in each county, it is necessarily a county court, within the meaning of the act of Congress, is conceived to be wholly inconclusive and untenable. Upon the same reasoning, a court would be bound to infer that the Circuit Court, or Board of Police, established there in each county, is a county court. And if inferences of this kind be indulged, what may not be inferred? (See Const. of
Miss., art. 4.) Indeed, this Board of Police, which is entirely distinct from
the Probate Court, is the substitute and legitimate successor of an abolished county court, inheriting nearly all of its powers. See Const. of Miss., art. 4; Hutchinson's Miss. Code
(A. P. 1848), p. 710. And if there be 'no county court there, either in fact or in
name, by what authority could the Circuit Court for the District of Arkansas presume one into existence? And especially under a statute (Act of 1789, § 30) which admits of no presumptions whatever; and under which depositions taken must always strictly and rigidly conform to its words, or, keep closely within their :iteral meaning. Bell v. Morrison, 1 Peters, 351 et seq,." 1 Cond. R.-95; U. States v. Smith, 4 Day, 127.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850

383

Fowlor et al. v. Mferrill.

And if it be insisted that the deposition was taken on in-
terrogatories, it wag equally inadmissible; because, in such case, the court must always name the commissioners. See
Rule 67 of this court, regulating practice in equity. And this deposition, as also his third and last deposition,
ought to have been suppressed, for the incompetency of the matter contained in them. As to matters taken from the books of the Bank, the statement as to the protest, a letter of Dawson, &c., &c.; because he n0ther produced the originals and identified them, nor deposed that he knew the matters to be true, otherwise than that they were so on the books, &c. See State v. Rawls, 2 Nott & McCord, 332; Peake's Ev. 190; Doe v. Perkins, 3 Durnf. & East, 754; 1 Phil. Ev. (by Cowen and
Hill), 289. The depositions taken by Merrill, of Trapnall, Dotris, Walk-
er, White, Bogy, aiad Hammett, ought to have been suppressed. They were to be taken on thirty-five interrogatories; only.a part of which were propounded to each witness.
And the law is well settled, as it seems, that each and every interrogatory must be put to each and every witness, and
answered by him, or the depositions cannot be read. Richard-
son v. Golden, 3 Wash. 0. C. 109; Bell v. Davidson, 3 Ib.332 et seq.; Dodge-v. Israel, 4 Tb. 323; Kimball v. Davis, 19 Wend. 439; Brown v. Kimball, 25 lb. 265; Withers v. Gillespy, 7
Serg., & Rawle, 16; Ketland v. Bissett, 1 Wash. C. C. 144;
Winthrop v. The Union Ins. Co., 2 lb. 12. And upon the exclusion of the depositions excepted to, or
only Mandeville's, Merrill has nothing remaining upon which his decree can stand; he has no case at all.
An absolute sale of chattels, where the possession remains with the vendor, is void as to his creditors. Sturtevant v. Bal-
lard, 9 Johns. 337 et seq.; Meeker v. Wilson, 1 Gallis. C. C.422; Ryal v. Rowles, 1 Ves. sen. 359 ; 2 Kent's Comm. 406-410; Hamilton v. Russell, 1 Craneh, 309; Clow v. Woods, 5 Serg. & Rawle, 278; Cunningham v. Neville 10 Ib.201.
Even a stipulation in the deed of sale, for the retention, un-
less satisfactory to the court, does not form an exception to the rule. 9 Johns. 337 et seq.; 2 Kent's Comm. 412; 5 Serg. & Rawle, 279; Divner v. McLaughlin, 2 Wend. 599.
And does not the same rule apply to mortgages of personal property, both at common law and under the statutes of
frauds? 2 Kent's Comm. 406-412; Ryall v. Rolle, 1 Atk.
167; Worsley v. De Mattos, 1 Burr. 467; 5. Serg. & Rawle, 278; Fuller v. Acker, 1 Hill, (N. Y.) 475; 9 Johns. 340 et seq.; Smith v. Acker, 23 Wend. 653; 1 Gallis. C. C.423 ; Look v. Comstock, 15 Wend. 246; Muray v. Bartis, Tb.212; 4 Yerg.

384

SUPiEME COURT.

Fowler et al. v. Merrill.

.541; 7 lb. 445; Powell on Mortg. 23,24; Cadogan v. Kennett, Cowp. 434; Conard v. Atlantic Ins. Co., I Peters, 449;' Barrow
v. Paxton, 5 Johns. 261; Thornton v. Davenport, 1 Scam. 299; 2 Wend. 599; 13 Serg. & Rawle, 131.
This is an absolute mortgage, on its face, containing no stipulation whatever that Dawson should retain pos-
session. And as such, it is a conveyance executed, and passed the le-
gal title to the slaves to Merrill. Powell on Mortg. 23, 24; 1 Peters, 441; 1 Ves. sen. 359; 5 Serg. & Rawle, 283 et seq.; 20,Wend. 262.
And immediately on the execution of the mortgage, Merrill was entitled to the possession of the slaves, and to maintain a suit for them. Doe v. Grimes, 7 Blackf. 1; Rockwell v. Bradley, 2 Conn. 4; 14 Peters, 28; 12 Serg. & Rawle, 241; 3 Johns. Cas. 326; 2 Conn. 447; Newall v. Wright, 3 Mass. 152; 1 Freem. Ch. 473; H6bart v. Sanborn, 13 N. Hamp. (1st vol. 2d series), 227.
At any rate, as so6n as the first note fell due, in 1838, Merrll's title became absolute at law, and he had a right to im-
mediate possession. Spalding v. Scanland, 4 B. Monroe, 365; 12 Wend. 62; Robinson v. Campbell, 8 Missouri, 366, 616; 10 Johns. 481; Dexter v. Harris, 2 Mason, C. C. 531; 5 Cond. Rep.
655; 20 Wend. 262; 1 Branch, 270; 1 Hill, (N. Y.) 475; 7 Cow. 292; 6 Paige, Ch. 587,596; Lansing v. Capron, 1 Johns. Ch. 617; Adams v. Essex, I Bibb, 150; Estabrook v. Moulton, 9 Mass. 258; Hopkins v. Thompson, 2 Porter, 435.
And his permitting Dawson to remain in possession, after
such failure to pay the note first due, without disturbance, and without a stipulation in the deed to that effect, makes the
whole fraudulent and void as to Dawson's creditors. Goder v. Standifer, 7 Monroe, 488 ; 2 Kent's Comm. 407-413; 1 Burr, 475; 4 Mass. 637; 15 Verm. (1 Slade) 135 ; Gardner v. Adams, 12 Wend. 298; Thornton v. Davenport, 1 Scam. 299; Semple v. Burd, 7 Serg. & Rawle, 288; 13 lb. 131,-169.
Conveyances of slaves, at the time of the alleged execution
of this mortgage, were required to be acknowledged or proved
before the clerk of the Superior Court, of a Circuit Court, a justice of the peace, or other competent authority, within the county where one of the parties resided, and there recorded.
Steele & McCampb. Ark. Dig. 267.. The conclusion of the court below, that it may be lawfully
recorded without probate, is based on error; for the same act of October 1, 1804, upon which the conclusion was founded,
places the prolate before the record; and it is consequently a prerequisite. Steele & McCampb. - Dig., p. 132, § 2, p. 454,

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

8s

Fowler et al. v. Merrill

§ 1; Geyer's Digest of Laws of Missouri Territory, p. 127, § 2,

p. 330, § 1.

And the mortgage being acknowledged before a judge of

probate of the State of Mississippi, who was wholly unauthor-

ized by any legislative act of Arkansas, such acknowledgment

is a mere nullity, and so is the pretended registry. Richardson

v. Randolph, 5 Mason, C. C. 116; Coale v. Harringtoi, 7 Har.

& Johns. 155; Miller v. Henshaw, 4 Dana, 330; Eastland v.

Jordan, 3 Bibb, 187; Shultz v. Moore, 1 McLean, C. C. 527;

Johnston v. Haines, 2 Ham. 55.

And if it be such an instrument as was not by law required

to be recorded, its registry gives it no validity. 1 Story's Eq.

Jurisp. § 404; 5 Mason, C. C. 265; 1 Gilman, 331.

And, if not duly registered, it is void, as to Dawson's credi-

tors, though they had notice of its existence. 4 Rand. 212;

4 English, (Ark.) 116,'&c.; 5 Litt. 244; 1 Johns. Ch. 300;

4 Bibb, 79.

And a purchaser, under the creditor's judgment, occupies the

same position as the creditor himself. Sands v. Hildreth,

14 Johns. 497; 4 Rand. 212; Hildreth v. Sands, 2 Johns. Ch,

35 et seq.; 7 Blackf. 68; 1 McLean, C. C. 39; 4 Wash. C. C.

137; 1 Paige, Ch. 508; 11 Missouri, 544; 2 Wend. 601.

Aid if improperly recorded, or the statute does not make

the record notice, as it does not in this case, such registry is

not constructive notice to purchasers. 1 Story's Eq. Jurisp.

§ 404; 5 Mason, C. C. 115, 265; Moore v. Hunter, 1 Gilman, 331; 1 McLean, C. C. 527; McIver v. Robertson, 3 Yerg. 84;

Heister v. Fortner, 2 Binn. 44; 4 Dana, 330; Gann v. Chester,

5 Yerg. 208; 12 Smedes & Mar~h. 266; Main v. Alexander,

4 English, (Ark.) 116; 1 Dana, 168.

Again, there is no legitimate proof in the record to show

when the mortgage was executed. It nust, therefore, be pre-

sumed to be included in the category and class of deeds men.

tioned in the following paragraph, under the act of 1838.. And

'the only proof of the execution of the mortgage being the mere

signature of Dawson,'the legal presumption must be that it

had no valid existence until the filing of the bill, and after de.

fendants? rights accrued.

This mortgage, placing it in the strongest possible view in

Merrill's favor, being unrecorded, fixed no lien in his favor as

against Dawson's creditors, who had no notice of it. This is

unquestionable. Soon after the alleged execution of the mort-

gage, to wit, on the 20th of February, 1838, the legislature

of Arkansas passed an act, declaring that " all mortgages "for

personal property" should "be acknowledged before some person authorized by law to take the acknowledgment of deeds "

voL. xi.

33

'586

SUPREME COURT.

Fowler et al. v. MerrilL

and recorded in the county where "the mortgagor resides." And that such mortgage, when so filed for record, "and not before," should be a lien on the property. And that the recorder should "note, in the record, the precise time such mortgage was filed for record." See Rev. Stat. of Arkansas (A. D. 1838), p. 578, ch. 101.
Was it not incumbent on Merrill so to have this mortgage
recorded? And was it not expressly embraced in this act by its general phraseology? If so, he having utterly failed to
comply with it, this case comes directly within the decision of the Supreme Court of Arkansas in Main v. Alexander, 4 Eng-
lish, 116. And the decisions of a State court, on its own, statutes, is
the rule for the United States courts. 13 Peters, 21, 63, 328; 2 McLean, C. C.433; 1 Tb. 36; 6 Peters, 297; 5 lb. 401.
Was .actual notice proved?
Fowler positively denies notice in his answer; and this can
only be-overturned by one positive witness, and corroborating circumstances equal to another. 2 Stor. Eq. Jur. § 1428; Flagg v. Mann, 2 Sumn. C. C. 550; 5 Mason, C. C. 267,268; 1 Greenl. Ev. § 260; Simpson v. Feltz, 1 McCord, Ch.218; Hart v. Ten Eyck, 2 Johns. Ch. 92; Gres. Eq. (ed. of 1837), 156; 9 Cranch, 160; 20 Pick. 34; 10 Johns. 640; 5 Cond. R. 136; 1 Mason, C. C. 515; 1 Call, 280; 5 Peters, 111; Sug. on
Vend. 550 ; 2 Wash. C. C. 199; 1 Cow. 703. And it is submitted to the court, whether there is any wit-
ness at all, who has sworn positively to such notice; and if not., can a court infer it from the circumstances alone, however strong they may be, against the answer's positive denial '
The respondent speaks of a mater within his own knowledge; the witnesses from their impressions, and belief from other mere circumstances, without-any pretence of'actual know!. edge. And the answer, as evidence, must have the same weight as disinterested witnesses. Sturtevant m Waterbury, 1 Edw. Ch. 444; Sug. on Vend. 550; Clarke's Ex. v. Van'
Reimsdyk, 9 Cranch, 160; 1 Greenl. Ev. §260; 10 Johns. 542; 1 Cow. 743.
The only evidences of-actual notice to Fowler, even at the
sale, are, that he was in the crowd when Trapnall forbade the sale, and during the progress of the sale purchased some of the slaves ; the beliefs of the testy Frenchman,. Bogy; the thoughts and beliefs of White; the beliefs of Walker; and the impressions of Trapnall; none of whom testify positively, or
with any degree of certainty.' Appellants insist, that such evidence does not even make a
p!in?4 facie case of notice; much less is it sufficient to over.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

387

Fowler et al. v. Merrill.

whelm the positive negative of the answer. Because the rule' of law is, that, where witnesses state facts to the best of their knowledge and belief, impressions, thoughts, or understanding, without detailing the facts upon which they are based, or from which they were induced or derived, they do not even amount to negative evidence; they are not evidence at all. Woodcock v. Bennett, 1 Cow. 748 et seq.; Clason v. Morris, 10 Johns. 531; Bright v. Haggin, Hardin, 537; Van Dyne v. Tharpe,
19 Wend. 165; Smith v. Frost, 2 J. J. Marsh. 426; Andrews & Bros. v. Jones, 10 Ala. Rep. (New Series), 470; Ventress v. Smith, 10 Peters, 171; 1 McCord, Ch. 218; 4 Ala. Rep. (New Series), 48; 2 Comstock, 515; 5 Porter, 343; 1 Dana, 163.
Notice in fact must be such as to affect the subsequent purchaser with fraud. Curtis v. Lunn, 6 Munf. 44; 1 Stor. Eq. Jur. § 404; Dey v. Dunham, 2 Johns. Ch. 190; Grinstone v. Carter, 3 Paige, Ch. 423.
And the proof of it must be clear, undoubted, direct, and conclusive. 6 Munf. 44; 1 Stor. Eq. Jur. § 406; McNeill v. McGee, 5 Mason, C. C. 265; 2 Sumn. C. C. 550; Sug. on Vend. 730; 2 Pow. on Mort. 560, 562; Martin v. Dryden, 1 Gilman, 208; McMeechan v. Griffing, 3 Pick. 154.
Mere presumptions of notice, from rumors, &c., in Dawson's neighborhood, cannot attach to Fowler, who resided in a dif-
ferent county. 2 Sumn. C. C. 55. The witnesses even disagree about whose encumbrance it
was that Trapnall gave notice bf; whether Merrill's, William Dawson's, or some other.
Even if the indefinite impressions, beliefs, and discrepances in the recollections of the witnesses, so manifest in their depositions, be deemed sufficient to fix notice in fact upon Fowler, at the sale; and there is no pretence that he had any until then; and the record shows that he resided in a different county, and could not, therefore, be affected by rumors in Daw-
son's neighborhood; such notice is utterly inoperative. Because notice to a judgmenf-creditor, or a purchaser uiider
his judgment, of a prior assignment, or mortgage, of the debtor's property, where possession has not been taken under it, cannot affect the right of either. 1 Gallis. C. C. 419; Rus-
sell v. Fillmore, 15 Verm. 135; 4 Eng. (Ark.) 116; Warden v. Adams, 15 Mass. 236; 7 Serg. & Rawle, 288 et seq.; 13 Ib.
131, 169. And such creditor, or purchaser under his judgment, although
he receive actual notice at the sale under execution, will hold the legal title, whether of land or personalty, in preference to an unrecorded deed, br mortgage, executed prior to the judg-
ment, or execution lien. Guerrant v. Anderson, 4 Rand. 212;

388

SUPREME COURT.

Fowler et al. v. MerrilL

5 Yerg. 208; Hill v. Paul, 8 Missouri, 480; Reed v. Austin's Heirs, 9 Missouri, 729; Frothingham v. Stacker, 11 Missouri,
78; Garnett v. Stockton, 7 Humph. 85; Bingaman v. Hyatt, 1 Smedes & Marsh. Ch. 444; Martin v. Dryden, 1 Gilman, 218; McGowan v. Hoy, 5 Litt. 245; Helm v. Logan, 4 Bibb, 79; Farnesworth v. Childs, 4 Mass.' 637; Main et al. v. Al-
exander, 4 Eng. (Ark.) 117; Semple v. Burd, 7 Serg. &
Rawle, 289 et seq.; Stow v. Mesevve, 13 N. Hamp. (1st vol. 2d series), 49; 15 Mass. 236; Coffin v. Ray, 1 Metcalf, 213;
1 Dana, 168; 13 Serg. & Rawle, 169. A principle settled in the foregoing cases is, that where a
bond fide creditor, without notice of a prior unregistered conveyance, obtains a lien by virtue of a judgment, attachment, or execution, subsequent notice, whether before or at the sale, cannot affect the purchaser or creditor, but he must in equity, as well as at law, hold the property against the former unregis-
tered deed. In this case, the lien was fixed when the execution was de-
livered to the sheriff. See Rev. Stat. of Ark., A. D. 1838, ch. 60, p. 378, § 24.
The court below appears to have thought that the answer did not contain a sufficient averment as to the payment of the purchase-money before notice, &c., and therefore no proof of
notice was necessary. Fowler's answer does make substantially and fully such denial and averment.
And even if the answer were technically defective in this particular, it should have been ex6epted to, and a more per-
fect response obtained; but being replied to, the defect, if any existed, is waived. 1 Freem. Ch. 547; 5 Mason, C. C.
266.
The value of the slaves, and of their hire, decreed by the court below, is excessive beyond all reason, and in direct violation of both the law and the evidence.
The value ought to -have been estimated as at the time of
the decree, and their reasonable hire from the filing of the bill until that time. See 1 Brockenb. (Chief Justice Marshall) 515, Backhouses Ad. v. Jetts Ad.
And in estimating the hire, all reasonable charges and expenses, such as taxes, medical attendance, clothing, raising of the children, &c., &c., ought to have been deducted. Mims v.
Mims, 3 J. J. Marsh. 109; 1 Dana, 286. These equitable rules were disregarded.
To arrive at a correct conclusion on this point, the answers must be looked to; and they, indeed, according to the well-
settled rules of evidence in equity, furnish the only guide for the decree, as to value and hire.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

389

Fowler et al. v. Merril.

The bill expressly interrogates both Fowler and Badgett as to their value when purchased, their value when suit was commenced, and of their continued hire. They answer expressly these interrogatories.
And there can be no question that their answers are responsive to the bill; and, as such, conclusive evidence in their favor, unless overturned by two witnesses, or one positive wit-
ness, with strong corroborating circumstances. See the authorities above referred to on this point; the elementary works and reports on equity passinz; and especially the following
cases: Woodcock v. Bennett, 1 Cowen, 7,42; 2 Sumner, 506; Mills v. Gore, 20 Pick. 34; 2 Story, Eq. Jur. § 1528; 9 Cranch, 160; Allen v. Mower, 17 Verm. (2 vol. N. S.) 68; Christie v. Bishop, 1 Barb. Ch. 115; Oakey v. Rabb, 1 Freem. Ch. 547; Pierson v. Clayer, 15 Verm. (1 Slade), 104; Russell v. Moffitt,
6 How. (Miss.) 309.
- The answers, responding to these direct interrogatories, declare that the purchase-money paid by Fowler was "then the full value of the slaves, and that their value had greatly depreciated since, at least one fourth, with the general decline in the price of slaves, and that their profits or hire had necessarily
declined also; and further state the net value of their hire, after deducting the proper charges, expenses, &c. Have the answers been set aside by the necessary witnesses? The iecord will be sought for them in vain. None of the witnesses pretend to speak of their value after the sale; and those who speak of hire mention it in gross, without 'deducting the proper charges and expenses.
White says they sold for about what they were worth, and were appraised too high, fully sugtaining the answers.
Bogy says, at the time they were valued, he thinks they were worth what they were appraised at; but cannot say what
the precise value of either of them was. The answer, then, fully sustained by White, equal to three
witnesses, cannot be overturned by the solitary testimony of Bogy. Even if Hammett's evidence should not be suppressed, it is only two witnesses against the answer and White; and the latter must even then prevail, because the former lacks the strong corroborating circumstances. And there is no evidence at all militating against the answers as to the depreciation in value after the s-le. Rowton v. Rowton, 1 Hen. & Munf. 101.
And the appraisement list cannot be brought in aid of Bogy. For it is not evidence. Lawson v. The State, 5 Eng.
(Ark.) 36. The answers, then, must be taken as true, and conclusively
so, as to the value and hire; and the decree being for about. 33*

390

SUPREME CO UR.T.

Fowler et al. v. Merrill

or more than twice as much as the answers diiclose, must be
reversed on that ground, if on no other, that a correct account
may be taken.
The decree against Badgett is also erroneous, because it decrees him to pay the value of Jackson, without any proof that he was the issue of one of the mortgaged slaves, against the denials of the answers. And because it decrees him to pay the value of Eliza, who died before the institution of the suit. 1 Brockenb. 515.
And even if notice be fixed upon Badgett, it.cannot affect him, if Fowler was a bond fide purchaser. Mitf. Pl. 224; 1 Atk. 571; 2 Bro. Ch. 66; 1 Stor. Eq. Jur. § 409; 6 Munf. 44; Boone v. Chiles, 10 Peters, 209; 3 Ala. (N. S.) 475."

The points raised by the counsel for the appellee were the
following. 1. That the mortgage was executed by Dawson and re-
ceived by Merrill in gbod faith, to secure the latter from loss on account of indorsements made by him for Dawson's ac-
commodation.
2. That the notes were protested, and notice duly given and the notes paid by Merrill. Brandon v. Loftus, 4 Howard,
128. 3. That the laws of Arkansas in force in November, 1837,
did not require mortgages of personal property to be recorded. 4. That under these circumstances the mortgage would be
good, even against subsequent bond fide purchasers without notice, notwithstanding the mortgagor's continuing in possession of the mortgaged goods. Powell on Mortg. 42-44; Edwards v. Harben, 2 Term Rep. 587; Hamilton v. Russell, 1 Crarich, 817, 318; U. States v. Hooe et al., 3 Cranch, 73; Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottom, 9 Peters, 60; Shirra v. Caig and
Mitchell, 7 Cranch, 34; Stone v. Grubham, Bulstrode, 225; Meggott v. Mills, 1 Ld. Raym. 287; Brooks v. Marbury, 11
Wheat. 78.
And notwithstanding the appellee did not take p6ssession of the negroes immediately on the notes being protested. Lady Lambert's case, Sheppard's Touchstone, 67; 1 J. 3. Marshall, 227; 2 Dana, 204; 8 Pdiers, 32, 33; 3 Cowen, 189;
2 Wendell, '600. 5. That the laws of Arkansas, in force in 1837, although
they did not require, yet allowed the recording of this mortgage, and such .recording operated as notice to all the world.
Steele & McCampbell's 'Digest of Laws of Arkansas, titles
" AOrtgage," Recorder." See District .Judge's Opinion in this case, pp. 188, 189.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

391

Fowler et al. v. Merrill.

6. That the appellants had actual notice at-the time of their purchase of the existence of this mortgage, and their purchasT ing with such notice is fraudulent against the appellee, and they can derive no rights against the appellee through such purchase. Le Neve v. Le Neve, 3 Atk. 646; 1 Story's Eq. 395, 397; Wormley v. Wormley, 8 Wheat. 449.
7. That at all events the appellants had sufficient notice, to put them on inquiry, which, if they failed to make, they cannot claim the rights appertaining to bon.ftde subsequent purchasers without notice. 1 Story's Eq. § 400, note 4, § 400 a.
8. That the answers of the appellants-do not allege that they had no notice of the mortgage before the payment by them of the purchase-money, and such allegation is indispensable to a valid defence by subsequent purchasers. Frost v. Beekman, 1 Johns. Ch. 300; 2 Daniell's Chancery Practice, 814; Jewett v. Palmerf 7 Johns. Ch. 68; Harrison v. Southgate, 1 Atk. 538; Story v. Ld. Windsor, 2 Atk. 630; Wigg v. Wigg, 1 Atk. 384; Tourville v. Naish, 3 P. Wims. 306; Jones v. Thomas, 3 P. Wins. 244; Hardingham v. Nicolls, 3 Atk. 304; Wormley v. Wormley, 8 Wheat. 449.
9. That after hearing it is too late to apply for leave to amend the answer in this respect. Story's Eq. Pl. 896, 901. And there is nothing in the record from which it may be inferred that they coulZ amend, or that they wanted leave to do so.
10. That Fowler only purchased Dawson's equity of redemption. 4 Randolph, 212.
The counsel for the appellants insists upon the following exceptions.
i11andeville's Deposition, 8th March, 1845.
1. Because no notice of its caption was given. The appellee contended that none was necessary, because it was taken more than one hundred miles from the residence of the appellants. Act of 1789, ch. 20, § 30 (1 Stat. at Large, 89). 2. Because it was taken before a Probate Court. The appellee contended, that it was a court within the meaning of the act of 1789, ch. 20, § 30. (See opinion of the district judge in this case, and the constitution and laws of Mississippi as there cited.) But even if it ought to have been suppressed, the same facts are sufficiently proven in his deposition taken before the Mayor of Natchez.
Depositions taken at Pine Bluffs.
1. Because the name of one of the defendants, J. L. Daw-
son, does not appear in the certificate of the commissioners.

392

SUPREME COURT.

Fowler et al. v. Merrill.

The appellee contended, that the cause in whith it was taken sufficiently appears. Keene v. Meade, 3 Peters, 1; Jordan v. Hazard, 10 Ala. 224.
2. (a.) Because sufficient notice was not given of the filing of the interrogatories.
The appellee will rely on the 13th Rule of Practice for the Equity Courts of the United States.
(b.) Because sufficient notice was not given of the time and place of taking the depositions.
The appellee contended, that, the commission being ex parte, notice was unnecessary. 1 Newland's Ch. Prac. 262; Harr. Ch.Prac., ed. 1808, p. 244; 1 Smith's Ch.Prac. 365.
3. Because each interrogatory was not propounded to each of the witnesses.
The appellee contended that this Was unnecessary, and that
it would have been irregular to have done so. Daniell's Ch. Practice, 1052, 1061; Gresley's Eq. Ev. 67, 104; 1 Turner's Ch. 32 (Introduction) ; 1 Smith's Ch. Prac. 368.
And the appellee contended, that, if the depositions taken at Pine Bluffs ought to have been suppressed, still without them there is in the appellants' commission, and in the other evidence, sufficient proof to entitle him to the decree as passed.
The appellants object, that the court improperly dismissed the bill against Mrs. Baylor.
The appellee contended, 1. That there was not sufficient evidence to warrant a decree
against her. 2. But that if the court did err in that respect, it operated
no prejudice to the appellants, as the value of the negroes held by her, and their hire, would not, together with the several
sums decreed against all the other defendants, be equal to the
mortgage debt.

Mr. Justice WO ODBURY delivered the opinion of the court. This was an appeal from a decree of the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Arkansas. The decree was in favor of Merrill, on a bill in chancery to foreclose a mortgage of certain negroes, described therein and executed to'him, November 25, 18377 to secure him for indorsing two notes niade in April and June, 1837, the first payable in one year and the other in two years, for $12,578.42 inithe aggregate. These notes run to F. L. Dawson or order, and were by him indorsed to the plaintiff, Merrill, and by him to the Planters' Bank for Dawson, who obtained the money thereon for himself. This mortgage was recorded December
29, 1837.

DECEMBER TERM. 1850.

893

Fowler et al. v. Merrill.

The notes not being taken up by Dawson, Merrill was compelled to pay their amount and interest, on the 4th of March)
1842. The bill then proceeded to aver, that the defendants below,
viz. James L. Dawson, James Smith, William Dawson, and others, had since got possession of these negroes, some of one portion of them and some of another. And that, although they were bought with full notice of Merrill's prior rights to them under the above mortgage, yet the respondents all refuse to deliver them to him, or pay their value and hire towards the discharge of the mortgage. Whereupon he prayed that each
of them be required to deliver up the negroes in his possession, and account for their hire or to pay their value.
The court below decided, that $ 18,934 be paid to Merrill
by the respondents, excepting Mrs. Bayler, and, on failure to do it, that the redemption of them be barred, and other pro-
ceedings had, so as eventually to restore the slaves or their value to the mortgagee.
Several objections to this decree and other rulings below
were made, which will be considered in the order in which they
were presented. Some of the depositions which were offered to prove im-
portant facts had been taken before "a judge of the Probate Court" in Mississippi, when the act of Congress allows it in
such cases before "a judge of a county court." 1 Stat. at Large, 88, 89.
But we think, for such a purpose, a judge of probate is usually very competent, and is a county judge within the de-
scription of the .law. In Mississippi, where these depositions were taken, a Pro-
bate Court is organized for each county, and is a court of record, having a seal. Hutch. Dig. 719, 721. "Under these cir-
cumstances, were the competency of a probate judge more doubtful, the objection is waived by the depositions having been taken over again in substance before the Mayor 'f
Natchez. The other objections to the depositions are in part overruled
by the cases of Bell v. Morris'on et al., 1 Peters, 356,.and Pa-
tapsco Ins. Co. v. Southgate et al., 5 Peters, 617. On the rest of them not so settled, we are satisfied-with the
views expressed below, without going into further details. The next exception for our consideration is,that the time of
the execution of the mortgage is not shown, 4ud hence that
it may have been after the rights of the respondents com-
menced. But it must be presumed to have been executed at its date

894

SUPREME COURT.

Fowler et aLv. Merrill.

till the contrary is shown; and its date was long before. Be-
sides this, it was acknowledged probably the same day, being certified as done the 24th of November, 1837. And though this was done out of the State, yet, if not good for some purposes, it tends to establish the true time of executing the mortgage. It must also have been executed before recorded, and.
that was December 29th of the same year, and long before the sale in October, 1841, under which the respondents claim.
The objection, that the handwriting of the record is Dawson's, does not impair this fact, or the legality of the record as a record, it having doubtless been allowed by the register and being in the appropriate place in the book of records.
It is next insisted, that, as the negroes were left in the pos-
session of Dawson after the mortgage, and were seized and
sold to the respondents in October, 1841, to pay a debt due from Dawson to the Commercial Bank of Vicksburg, and as the respondents were innocent purchasers, and without notice
of the mortgage, the latter was consequently void. This is the substance of several of the answers. Now, whether a sale or mortgage, without changing the possession of the property, is in most cases only primafacie evidence of fraud, or is per se fraud, whether in England or in some of the States, or in Ar-
kansas where this mortgage and the sale took place, may not be fully settled in some of them, though it is clear enough in others. (See cases cited in 2 Kent's Com. 406-412.) So
whether a sound distinction may not exist at times between a mortgage and a sale, need not be examined, though it is more customary in all mortgages for the mortgager honestly to retain the possession, than to pass it to the mortgagee. U. States v. Hoe, 3 Cranch, 88; Haven v. Low, 2 N. Hamp, 15. See 1 Smith's Leading Cases, 48, note; Brooks v. Marbury, 11 Wheat. 82, 83; Bank of Georgia v. Higginbottom, 9 Pet. 60;
Hawkins v. Ingolls, 4 Blackf. 35. And in conditional sales, especially on a condition precedent bon4 fide, the vendor, it is
usually considered, ought not to part with the possession till the condition is fulfilled. See in 9 Johns. 337, 340;. 2 Wend. 599. See most of the cases collected in 2 Kent's Com.
406.
But it is unnecessary to decide any of these points here, as, in order to prevent any injury or fraud by the possession not being changed, a record of the mortgage ip in most of the States required, and was made here withi four or five weeks of the date of the mortgage, whereas the seizufe and sale of the negroes*,to the respondents did not take place till nearly
four years after. Yet it is urged in answer-to this, thatfthe statute of Arkan-

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

395

Fowler et aL v. Merrill.

sas, making a mortgage, acknowledged and-recorded, good, without any change of possession of the articles, did not take effect till March 11th, 1839, over a year after this record.
Such a registry, however, still tended to give publicity and notice of the mortgage, and to prevent as well as repel fraud, and it would, under the statute of frauds in Arkansas, make the sale valid if bond fide and for a good consideration, unless against subsequent purchasers without notice. Rev. Statutes, ch. 65, § 7, p. 415.
There -is no sufficient proof here of actual fraud, or mala fides, or want of a full and valuable consideration. And hence the objection is reduced to the mere question of the want of notice in the respondents. In relation to that fact, beside what has already been stated, evidence was offered to show, that the existence of the mortgage was known and talked of in the neighborhood, and proclaimed publicly at the sale. -
Indeed, some of the evidence goes so far as to state, that, after the notice of the mortgage at the sale, the sheriff pro. ceeded to sell only the equity of redemption, or to sell the
negroes subject to any encumbrances. His own deed--says expressly, " hereby conveying all of the right, title, estate, interest, claim, and demand of the said James L. Dawson, of, in, and to the same, not making myself hereby responsible for the title of said slaves, but only conveying, as such sheriff, the title of said James L. Dawson in and to the same."
The proof likewise brings this actual notice hQnm to each of
the respondents, before the purchase, independent of the public record of the mortgage and the public declaration forbidding the sale at the time, on the ground that the moftgage existed
and was in full force. According to some cases, this conduct of theirs under such
circumstances would seem more fraudulent. than any by Merrill. Le Neve v. Le Neve, 3 Atk. 646; 1 Stor, Eq. 395; 8
Wheat. 449. Beside this, the answer should have averred the want of notice, not only before the sale, but before the payment of the purchase-money. Till the-actual payment the buyer is not injured, and it is voluntq.y to go on or not when informed .that the title is in another. Wormiey v. Wornley, 8 Wheat.
449; Hardingham v. Nicholls, 3 Atk. 304; Jewett v. Palmer et
al., 7 Johns. Ch. 68. See Le Neve v. Le Neve, 3 Atk. 651. There is another view of this transaction, which, if necessary
to revert to, would probably sustain this present mortgage.
The Arkansas law to make a mortgage valid if recorded, passed February 20th, 1838 (Rev. Stat. p. 580). This mortgage
was on record then, and since- and had been from December, 1837, thus covering both the time when the law took effect

396

SUPREME COURT

Fowler et aL v. MerrilL

and when the respondents purchased. It was also acknowl-
edged- then, and though not before a magistrate in Arkansas, yet before one in Mississippi; and in most States, the acknowledgment may be before a magistrate out of the- State as well as in, if he is authorized to take acknowledgments of such instruments.
Nothing appears in the record here against his power to do this. Some complaint is next made of the delay by Merrill to
enforce his mortgage against Dawson.
But it will be seen on examining the evidence, that he was not compelled to pay Dawson's notes to the bank till March 4th, 1842, and that these negroeswere sold to the respondents and removed some months before, viz. October 11th, 1841, so that no delay whatever occurred on his part to mislead the re-
spondents. It was next objected, that two or three children, born since
the mortgage, should not be accounted for, and one woman, who is supposed to have died after the sale and before this bill
in chancery. But it seems to accord with principle, that the increase or
offspring should belong to the owner of the mother (2 Bl. Corn. 404; Backhouse's Admr. v. Jetts's Admr., 1 Brock. C. C. 511);
and the evidence is so uncertain whether the death of Eliza occurred after this bill or before, that the doubt must operate against the respondents, --hose duty it was to prove satisfactorily that it happened before, in order to be exonerated:
It is argued further against the decree, that the respondents were made to account below for a boy, not proved clearly to have been born of one of the mortgaged women. But there seem circumstances in the case from which it might be inferred that he was so born. He was brought up among them,
he was under the care chiefly of one, and no other person is shown to have been his parent.
We do not see enough, therefore, to justify us in differing
from the judge below on this point. The rules adopted in the Circuit Court for fixing the valuc
to be paid for the negroes are also objected to, but seem to us
proper. 1 Brock. C. C. 500.
'The mortgaged pr6perty is given up or taken possessibn of by the mortgagee usually at the time of the decree; and if not surrendered then, its value at that time, instead of the specific property mortgaged, must be and was regarded as the rule of
damages. The injury is in not giving it up when called for then, or in
not then paying the mortgage, and not in receiving it somo years before, and piot paying its value at that time.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

397

Fowler et al. v. Merrill.

This is not trover or trespass for the taking ofit originally, but a bill in chancery to foreclose the redemption of it by a decree, and hence its value at the time of the decree is the test of what the mortgagee loses, if the property is not then surrendered.
There is another exception to the estimate made of the value of the hire of the slaves. Their hire or use was charged only from the institution of this bill -in chancery. This surely does
not go back too far. 1 Brock. 0. C. 515.-
And some analogies would carry it back further, and in a case like this charge it from the period of their going into the possession of the respondents. But they object to the hire
allowed; because, it is said, that clothing, medicine, &c., during this time should have been deducted. 1 Dana, 286; -3 3.
J. Marshall, 109. We entertain no doubt, however, that in fact the hire here
was estimated as the net rather than gross hire, and all proper deduction made. It is only a hundred dollars in one case, and seventy in others, which manifestly might not equal their gross earnings, while nothing is charged for the children. Testi-
mony, too, was put in as to the proper amount for hire, and the judge as well as witnesses belonging to the country, and being acquainted with its usages, doubtless made all suitable
deductions. There is no evidence whatever to the contrary. And on the whole case, we think the judgment below should
be affirmed.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Arkansas, and was. argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs.

VOL. Xl.

398

SUPREME COURT.

Clements v. Berry.

JESSE B. CLEMENTS, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. DANIEL BE-RY.
Where the marshal of the United States had levied an execution upon certain prop. erty under a judgment in the Circuit Court, which was taken out of his custody by a writ of replevin issued by a State court, and the Supreme Court of the State decided adversely to the claim of the marshal, it is within the jurisdiction of this court to review that dision.
It is the uniform practice of the federal and State courts in Tennessee to test executions as on the first day of the term ; and as between creditors, the lien attaches equally to all the judgments entered at the same term.
Where a judgment by default, in an action upon a promissory note, was entered upon the 8th day of the month, but not fully entered up as to the amount due un. til the loth, and upon the loth, a few minu:tes before the court opened, the debtor recorded a deed of trust conveying away all his property, this deed cannot defeat the lien of the judgment.
The judgment by default created the lien; it was a mere clerical duty to calculate and enter up the amount due.
To note the precise time when deeds are left for record is attended with no difficult) as between deeds; but to settle the exact comparative creation of a lien between a recorded deed and a judgment by a court is attended with much embarras. ment. The timepiece of the register cannot settle the validity or invalidity of a judgment lien.
The process act of 1828, passed by Congress, refers to State laws for the creation and effect of liens; but the preparatory steps by which they aie created depend upon the rules adopted by the United States courts.
Tis case was brought up from the Supreme Court of Ten.
nessee, by a writ of error issued under tie twenty-fifth section
of the Judiciary Act. Clements, the plaintiff in error, was the' marshal of the
United*States District of Middle Tennessee. The action was a replevin brought by Berry against Clem.
ents, in the Circuit Court of Davidson County, Tennessee -(State court), and upon the trial in that court the following statement of facts was agreed upon.
DANIEL BERRY V. J. B. CLEMENTS.
Replevin. - Circuit Court, Davidson County.
In this case the defendant comes and defends the wrong and injury, when, &c., and says he is not guilty in manner an form as the plaintiff in declaration hath alleged, and of this he puts himself on the country, and the plaintiff also; and the following facts are agreed upon between the parties: - On the 20th of January, 1848, William H. Inskeep, Albert Moulton, Edward D. Woodruff, and John Sibley, citizens of the State of Pennsylvania, trading in partnership under the firm Inskeep, Moulton, & Wopdruff, brought an action of debt against
Charles F. Berry, a citizen of the State of Tennessee, and resi-
dent of Nashville, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Middle Tennessee, upoif several notes of

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

899

Clements v. Berry.

hand executed by said Berry, payable to said Inskeep, Moulton, & Woodruff; the writ and copy of the declaration was served by the marshal upon the said Charles F. Berry on the 20th of January, 1848. The writ was returned to the court with the declaration at March term, 1848, and the following entries were made on the rule docket, and minutes, as by the copy hereunto annexed, and made part of the case agreed, marked A: Inskeep, Moulton, & Woodruff, debt .20th January, 1848, executed and delivered defendant a copy of declaration. Declaration filed March 1st, 1848; ruled for plea by 8th March; no plea being filed by attorney, takes judgmexit by default. Circuit Court of United States, Middle Tennes-
see District. Thursday, March 9th, 1848, court adjourned until to-morrow morning, 10 o'clock. Friday, March 10tb, 1848, court met according to adjournment. William H-IIn.skeep, Albert Moulton, Edward W. Woodruff, and John Sibley, trading under the firm of Inskeep, Moulton, & Woodruff, v. Charles F. Berry. The plaintiffs appear by their attorney, and a judgment by default having been taken in this cause on the 8th of March, 1848, and no motion having been made to have the same set aside, it is therefore considered by the court that said judgment by default be affirmed, and that the plaintiff.i recover
against said defendant $ 1,316.68, their balance of-debt in the declaration mentioned, and the further sum of $44.22, their
damage sustained by reason of the detention thereof, and their cost in this behalf expended, and that execution issue. Session of court commenced on the 6th March, 1848. A true
copy. J. McGavock, clerk, by G. M. Fogg, deputy. Berry's deed received at register's office 51 minutes after 9, on the 10tb March. Inskeep & Co. Judgment obtained about half-past ten o'clock same day.
The said Circuit Court of the United States commenced its session on Monday, the 6th day of March, 1848. On the 10th day of March, 1848, Charles F. Berry, the debtor, executed a deed of trust to the plaintiff in this cause, a copy of which is hereunto annexed, and made a part of this ease agreed:
"Know all men by these presents, that 1, Charles F. Berry, of the county of Davidson, and State of Tennessee, or the one part and Daniel Berry, of the county and State aforesaid, of the other part, witnesseth, that I, the said Charles F. Berry, for and in consideration of the sum of'$ 5, to me in hand paid by the said Daniel Berry, and the other consideration hereinafter mentioned, hath this day bargained, sold, trans-
ferred, and conveyed, and do by these presents bargain, sell, transfer, and convey, to the said Daniel Berry all my stock of dry goods of every description, and all sorts of ware now in

SUPREME COURT.
Clements v. Berry.
the storehouse occupied by me on the public square in Nash. ville, and also in a storeroom occupied by me in Nashville,
amounting together to the sum of about $ 12,000, as per in-
voice book made out this day; three horses, one negro man slave, named Abraham, one buggy, all my accounts of every description, and the book containing the same; all the notes, &c., that are due me, and also my interest, whatever it may be, in the unsettled business of the firm of A. D. & C. F. Berry; also, all the interest I have in and to the following-described lots or pieces of ground, viz. lots No. 5 and 6, as describ d in a plat made by C.'W. Nance, of lots adjacent 'to the town of Nashville, on Cherry Street, fronting thirty feet each on Cherry, and also lots A and B, in No. 20, in the plan of South Nashville, arid lots No. 3 and 4 adjoining F. B. Fogg's lot on Cherry Street. To have and to hold said property, of every de. scription, to the said Daniel Berry, his heirs and representatives for ever. 1, the said Charles V'. Berry, bind myself, my heirs and representatives, to warrant and defend the title to the same, or any Part thereof, to the said Daniel Berry, his heirs and assigns, against the lawful claims of all persons whomsoever. But this deed is made for the following use and tiust, and for no other purpose; that is to say, that the said Daniel Berry and A. D. Berry are my accommodation indorsers on the notes, most of them, embraced in schedule A, and whereas I am anxious to secure them, and also the payment of ail the claims therein specified, to the persons to whom said claims are due, and also to secure the claims specified in the schedule B to the person therein named, which schedules are to be registered with this deed. Now, if I, the said Charles F. Berry, shall well and truly pay off and satisfy said debts mentioned in schedules A and B on or before the 1st day of December, 1849, thea this deed to be void; but if I shall fail to do so, then the said Daniel Berry shall sell whatever remains-of said property upon such terms as will be most for the interest of the creditors, and apply the proceeds to the payment, first, of the debts mentioned in schedule A, until they are all paid and satisfied ; and, secondly, to the payment of the debts-mentioned in schedule B, if there Ahall be enough after, paying the expenses vf executing this trust; if not, to make a pro, rata distribution of the proceeds amongst them. In order to make it more certain that said debts shall be paid within the time specified, I hereby authorize the said Daniel Berry, as trustee, to take immediate possession of all the abovedescribed property, and that he may proceed to sell the same upon such terms as will make it yield the .most money; and that he take possession of all my.books of accounts notes, &c.,

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

401

Clements v. Berry.

and proceed to collect the debts due me as speedily as he can, and to apply the proceeds of the goods and property, and the money collected by him, to the payment of the debts in the order above specified; but that he shall not be forced to make a general sale of said property, goods, &c., until the expiration of said time.
" In testimony whereof, I, the said Charles F. Berry, have hereunto set my hand and sea], this the 10th day of March, 1848.
"C. F. BERaY."
"State of Tennessee, Davidson County.
" Personally appeared before me, Robert B. Castleman, clerk of the County Court of said county, the within-named C. F. Berry, the bargainer, with whom I am personally acquainted, and who acknowledges that he executed the within deed of trust for the purposes therein contained.
"Witness my hand at office, this 10th day of March, 1848.
4R . B. CASTLEMAN'
"State of Tennessee, Davidson 6ounty.
"Register's Office, M1arch 11, 1848. "I, William James, register of said county, do hereby certify that the foregoing deed of trust and certificate are duly registered in my office, Book No. 10, pages 574, 575, and that they were received larch the 10th, 1848, 95- o'clock, A. M., and entered in.Note Book 2, page 20.
"WILLIA:M JAMES.s
And the same was lodged for registration in the register's office, at the time mentioned in the memorandum upon said deed, on the 20th of March, 1848; an execution, being a writ of fieri facias, issued upon said judgment, and came to the hands of the marshal on the 21st of March, and by him, on the 24th of March, was levied upon the goods, wares, and merchandise particularly specified in the levy,-a copy, of which is hereunto annexed, marked C, together with the return of the marshal.
"The ,President of the United States to the Marshal of the
Middle District of Tennessee, greeting:
"You are hereby commanded, that of the goods and chattels, lands and tenements, of Charles F. Berry, in bur district, you cause to be made $1,379.85, which William H. Inskeep, Albert Moulton, Edward W. Woodruff, and John Sibley, trading under the firm of Inskeep, Moulton, & Woodruff, in the Circuit Court of the TJnited States for the Eighth Circuit in the Middle
34*

402

SUPREME COURT.

Clements v. Berry.

District of Tennessee, recovered against him for balance of debt, damages, and cost, in a certain action of debt in the said

court, lately determined, wherein the said Inskeep, Moulton, &

Woodruff were plaintiffs, and said Charles F. Berry was de-

fendant, whereof said defendant is convicted, as appears of

record, and have the said money ready to render before the

judge of our said court at'Nashville, on the first Monday in September next; herein fail not, and have then and there this

writ.

"Witness the Honorable Roger B. Taney, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, this first Monday in

March, A. D. 1848, and in the seventy-second year of our inde-

pendence.

JACOB McGAvocK, Clerk."

"Issued March 20th, 1848; came to hand 21st March, 1848;

levied this fieri facias upon the following goods, wares, and

merchandise, as the property of Charles F. Berry, this 24th day

of March, 1848. Then follows a long list of goods of several pages, specifying each article, item by item, amounting in all
to the sum of $ 2,549.11 ; the prices annexed to the foregoing
list of goods were the invoice prices as furnished bythe defend-

ant, but the defendant and myself not agreeing as to the pres-

ent value of the goods, we called in the following persons,

merchants of Nashville, to wit, John B. Johnston, C. Connor,

B. F. Shields, and A. J. Duncan, who valued the goods to be

worth $ 1,402, or 55 cents in the dollar upon the invoice

prices.

J. B. CLEMENTS,

Marshalof the U S. Districtof .3fiddle Tennessee-'.

"The sale of said goods, wares, and merchandise was stop-
ped by a writ of replevin from the Circuit Court of Davidson County, sued out at the instance of Daniel Berry, against me, as marshal; which writ was executed upon me by the.sheriff of Davidson County, on the 4th day of April, 1848, and the goods delivered up to said Daniel Berry, by the advice and consent of the plaintiff's attorneys. September 4, 1848.
"J. B. COLnIENTS, Mt/. I D. T.

" A true copy.

J. MoGAvocK, Clerk."

Marshal's fees, commissions on the amount of -this exe-

cution, by G. M. Fogg, deputy, say on $1,360.90,

at 2- per cent

.

.

.

..

.

$34.02

Serving this fierifacias, . . . .

.

2.00.

$ 36.02
These goods were in the. store of Charles F. Berry, and had

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

403

Clements v. Berry.

not been removed therefrom, but Daniel Berry, the trustee, was at the store at the time of the levy, and stated that the said Charles F. was his agent, and the trustee claimed the goods as included in the deed of trust; the goods levied upon were taken possession of by the marshal, and after the writ of replevin was served, they were delivered up by the marshal to
Daniel Berry; the goods, wares, and merchandise levied upon were, before the execution of the deed of trust aforesaid, the property of Charles F. Berry. If, upon the above facts, the law is with the plaintiff, then judgment is to be rendered for him,
with costs; if for the defendant, the marshal, then judgment is to be rendered for him against the plaintiff and his security, for the amount of the-judgment in the federal court; interest and cost as taxed by the federal court.
F. B. FoGG,for Defeikdant.
EWING & WHITWORTH, Attorneys for .Plaintiffs.

Upon this agreed state of facts, the Circuit Court of Davidson County were of opinion that the law was with Clements, the defendant, and gave judgment accordingly. Berry carried the case to the Supreme Court of Errors and Appeals of Tennessee, where the judgment of the Circuit Court was reversed. Clements sued out a writ of error under the twentyfifth section of the Judiciary Act, and brought the case up to this court.
It was argued by 1r. Fo-g, for the plaintiff in errgr --p4 Mr. Andrew Ewin, for the defendant in error.
1iir. Fogg, for plaintiff in error. The act of Congress of 8th May, 1792, requires all writs and processes, &c. to bear teste of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, and the uniform practice in the State and Federal courts in Tennessee is to teste the executions as of the first day of the term from which the execution issues. Executions are liens on personal property, and relate to their teste. When a judgment awards an execution, what does it award? A process that bears teste from the first day of the court. In Johnson v. Ball, 1 Yerger, 291, it was decided, and is the settled law of Tennessee, that the statute 29 Charles I. § 3, providing that the personal property of a debtor should only be bound from the delivery of the execution to the sheriff, is not in force in Tennessee, but that it bound as at common law. Preston v. Surgoine, Peck, 80. It is true that in the case of Murfree's Heirs v. Carmack, 4 Yerger, 270, it was decided that,
where a mortgage deed for land was registered on the same day judgment was obtained, and no proof was given as to

404

SUPREME COURT.

Clements v. Berry.

the precise time of the judgment, the mortgage would take
preference of the judgment, the judgment being only a lien from the day of its date; but at the same term of the court, in the same~book, p. 358, the same court decided, in the case of Porter v. Earthman, that judgments rendered upon different days of the same term relate to the first day of the term as between creditors, although the records may show the day upon which each was rendered. Can the statute requiring the minutes of the court to be read every day, and to be signed by the judge, be intended for any other purpose than to prevent errors and mistakes, and can such statutes have any effect upon the lien of executions and judgments in the federal court?
The same reason applies to prevent the debtor from giving a preference by deeds of trust to other creditors, as would apply
among creditors themselves. The debtor knew a judgment by default had been rendered against him on the 8th of March;
that it would be absolute if he did. not set it aside; and he chose to give a preference by deed on the 10th of March. Is it doing injustice to third persons, the creditors provided for in that deed, to say, that the judgment and execution would overreach that debt?
In the case of Farley v. Lea, 4 Devereux and Battle's
Law Reports, p. 169, the Supreme Court of North Carolina decided, that judgments of a court of record, on whatever day of the term they may be rendered, in law relate to, and are considered judgments of; the first day of the term, so that an exe-
cudwi tested on the first Monday of a court, being the 8th of May, 1833, upon a judgment rendered on the 12th of May, 1833, would overreach a deed of trust executed and registered on the 9th of May, 1833. Judge Gaston in his opinion says, that this kgal relation of a judgment to the first day of the judicial term isas perfect as was at common law the relation of an act of Parliament to the first day of the legislative session. The law of relation applicable to judgments has been in part changed in that country by the statute of 29th Charles II.; but in this State (North Carolina), and also in Tennessee, it remains as it was at common law. He also says, that in England the statute 29 Charles II. has provided that, against purchasers,
no writ of execution shall bind the goods, but from the time such writ was delivered to the sherit There being no such statute in North Carolina or Tennessee, the writ of execution binds against all persons from the teste, as it yet does in England, where purchasers are not concerned. The teste of our writ offierifacias,being froni the first Monday in March, 184S,
the execution overreached the deed of trust. In Coutts V. Walker, 2 Leigh, 268, the Court of Appeals of Virginia decid-

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

4M

Clements v. Berry.

ed that a judgment rendered on the 2d of March, 1821, the term
commencing the 21st of February preceding, overreached a
deed of trust executed on the 28th of February, and registered the 2d of March. See 4 Comyn's Digest, Execution, D, 1, and authorities there cited. In Wynne v. Wynnis, 1 Wilson, 39,
the reason of the rule is stated: "The general intendment of the law is, that every judgment has relation to the first day of
the term, because the court cannot determine every suitor's case in one day." Another reason, as stated by the judge in 2
Leigh, may have been to prevent debtors from withdrawing their property from the effects of judgments against them, by alienations made after it was known that, in the course of a
term, a judgment would pass. The practice of the Circuit Courts in Tennessee is regulated
by rules which have been in force for a long period. The rule applicable to the suit upon which the execution in this case
was founded provides, "that, if the pleadings are not filed by the defendant on or before the first day of the term, the court may on that day fix the time when the pleadings are to be closed, and judgments entered." The day fixed for closing the
pleadings was the 8th of March, and judgment by default vas
then entered, and the only thing remaining to be done was to draw that judgment out formally by the clerk, and calculate the interest, which was not done, owing to a press of business by the clerk, until the 10th of March, the day of the execution of the deed of trust. It is believed that the judgment by default on the 8th of March was not, in the words of the Supreme Court of Tennessee, "wholly inoperative." It-might have been so, had it not been-affirmed on the 10th of March, during the same term ; but the entry of the last date refers to the judgment of
the 8th, is founded upon it, adopts and affirms it. It is true,
if no judgment had been entered during the same term, and the cause had been continued, and the final judgment had been entered at a subsequent term, there would have been
no relation to the 'Preceding term, and the execution would then have been tested on the first day of the term, when the
final judgment was entered. All the cases decided upon the subject of the lien of execu-
tions in Tennessee,-except two, are collected in Meigs's Digest, title Execution, 959. Those two are the present case, and that of the Union Bank v. MeClung, which will be reported in 9
-umphreys, p. 91, and is upon the relation of an alias execution. The English doctrine is in 2 Tidd's Practice, 998, where he says the fieri facias must be tested in term time, and made return-
able in term time. By the law of Tennessee, and the practice of the federal courts from their first establish'ment, all execa,

406

SUPREME COURT.

Clements v. Berry.

tions bear teste from the first Monday of the term from which they purport to have been issued, and are made returnable to the first Monday of the succeeding term. There is no difference in the form of the process from the State and federal courts, except thoat the former are tested by the clerks, and the
latter, by the act of Congress of the 8th of May, 1792, bear teste
of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. The plaintiff in error submits that the execution in the cause
which came to his hands, authorized him to levy upon chattels belonging to the defendant on the 6th day of March, 1848, the first day of the term, or at all events upon the personal property that he owned on the 8th of March, when the judgment by default was obtained.

-tr.Andrew Ewing, for defendant in error. There are two questions presented for consideration in this
court: 1st. Whether the court has jurisdiction of the cause?
2d. Which had the prior lien, the execution or the deed ? The defendant in the State court was the marshal, and acting under the authority of the Circuit Court of the United States in levying the execution; but this suit does not dispute his authority or deny his right to its proper exercise; he is sued
as a trespasser, for going beyond -ven the claimed limits of his legal power. If the property levied upon-belonged rightly to
Daniel Berry, then he was improperly exercising his power, and this was a question of law and fact equally competent for de-
cision in the federal or State tribunals. If the facts of the
case proved that any question was raised in the -Jtdte court in regard to the validity of the judgment or execution under which the marshal acted, or the legal authority of the marshal to levy on the property of the defendant in the execution, then the jurisdiction would have been clear in a decision against their validity; but here the only question decided by the State court
was the title.of the property levied upon. The defendant in error had no forumn for the ascertainment of his rights but the State tribunal, and as he did not question the validity of the
judgment or general author"iy of the- marshal, the case does not come within the spirit or the letter of the Judiciary Act of 1789.
2d. The question as to the priority of the liens is, under the process act of 1828, entirely dependefit upon what may be the law of Tennessee on this subject, and was therefore a peculiarly fit subject for decision in the State court. It has long been
held in Tennessee,that the statute of 29 Charles II., in regard to the lien of judgments and executions, is not in force in that
State; the lien of an execution remains, therefore, as at com-

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

401

Clements v. Berry.

mon law, subject, however, to the statutory modifications of that lien. We find it generally stated, in the earlier common law authorities, that the lien of an execution commenced from its teste, and, as the whole term was regarded as one day, the execution was tested of the first day. The general rule of law, however, was, that fictions which were intended for the attain-
ment of justice never should extend to work an injury. See 3 BI. Com. 48. Whenever, therefore, a fiction would woik in-
justice, because of its inconsiotency with the truth, courts of law ought to look to the real facts. See 3 BI. Com. 317; 2
Burr. 962. In accordance with this rule of law, it had repeatedly been decided in England that anterior to the statute of
29 Charles II. the lien of an execution only commenced, as against bondfide purchasers from the debtor, from the true date of the award of the execution. See 8 Coke, 171; Cro. Eliz.
174; 2 Showers, 480; Bingham on Executions, 190. These authorities .bave been recognized in Tennessee. See 1 Yerg. 292; 7 Yerg. 529. The awarding of an execution in England is a judicial act, and the forms of all of our judgments in
Tennessee award an execution in pursuance of the English practice; until the rendition of the judgment "the issuance of an execution would be a void act, and would have no founda-
tion on which to rest. The lien of a judgment in Tennessee has been confined by statute to the date'of its rendition. See Nich. & Car. 419. It would be singular, therefore, to hold that
the execution (which is the incident) had a superior lien to the judgment, which is the principal. In accordanee with this
view, the Supreme. Court of Tennessee say, in this very case: "Under our practice, the proceedings of the term are, contrary
to the practice of the common law, separated and distinguished by the division of days; the record shows the day on which the
judgment is rendered, and the date thereof is indorsed upon the execution; to the end, perhaps, that the officer, charged
with the execution of the process, might be enabled more easily to discriminate between such alienations of property as
were valid, and those which were void as against the judgment and execution. Inasmuch, therefore, as under our law the
precise day on which judgment is rendered is fixed and ascertained by the record, it necessarily follows, upon common law
principles, that it cannot relate beyond that' day as against bond fide purchasers for valuable consideration; nor can the execution issued thereon, if tested of the same term as the judg-
ment, as against such purchaser, relate beyond the date of the
judgment; and as the hour of meeting of the court on each day of the term, under our practice, is also ascertained by the record, the relation of the judgment or execution cannot extend,
beyond that hour."

408

SUPREME COURT.

Clements v. Berry.

This investigation into the fraction of a day, for the ascertainment of truth, where there is record evidence to be obtained, is amply supported by the 'authorities. See 2 Stark. 787; 7 Com. Dig. 398; 2 B. & A. 596.

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court. This case is brought here by a writ of error-to the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee, under the twenty-fifth section
of the Judiciary Act.
The jurisdiction of this court is the first question to be considered. The plaintiff sets up a lien on certain personal property, under a judgment rendered by the Circuit Court of the Uiited States, held for the Middle District of Tennessee. The defendant asserts a lien under a deed of trust for the property, from Charles F. Berry, and the Supreme Court of Tennessee
held that the lien of the deed was paramount to that of the judgment. This brings the case within the twenty-fifth section, as the decision was against the right asserted by Clem-
ents, under the authority of the United States. The judgment was obtained by the firm of Inskeep, Moul-
ton, & Woodruff, at March term, 1848, for $ 1,316.68, against Charles F. Berry. The declaration was filed on the 1st of March; rule for plea by the 8th of March; no plea being filed within the rule, ajudgment-was entered'by default. On the 10th of March "the plaintiffs appear by their attorney, and a judgment by default having been taken in this cause on the 8th of
March, 1848, and no motion having been made to have the1 same set aside, it is therefore considered by the court that said
judgment by default be affirmed," &c.
The deed of trust was received at the register's office fiftyone minutes after nine, A. AT., on the 10th of March, the same day the deed bears date. The court, it seems, was opened on
the 10th, at ten o'clock, A. M.; so that the deed was deposited with the register nine minutes before the court opened on that day. The register, by law, is required to enter on a record the exact time that an instrument is filed for record, and the lien
attaches from such entry. Execution was issued on the judgment, tested the first Mon-
day of March, the day at which the term commenced. 'It was levied upon part of the goods assigned in the deed of !rust, and those goods were replevied by Daniel Berry, the trustee, from
Clements the marshal. It is the uniform practice of the federal and State courts of
Tennessee, to test executions as on the first day of the term; and the lien is held equally to attach to all the judgments, as regards creditors, entered at the same term. This rule would

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

409

Clem'ents v. Berry.

not apply, perhaps, to a bondfide purchaser of real estate for a

valuable consideration, beyond the day on which the judgment was rendered. It is admitted that the -tatute of 29 Charles

IL, as to the liens of judgments and executions, is not in force

in Termessee.; and that the lien is regulated by the common

tu, modified, to some extent, by statutes. As against a boa fide purchaser of personal property, the lien would not attach

prior to the award of- execution. But the trustee in thig case cannot be considered a purchaser, as the assignment was made

to him, rlot on a purchase for.a valuable consideration, but for

the benefit of certain creditors.

It would present a singular anomaly in judicial proceedings,

if the fruits of a judgment could be defeated by a-transfer of all the property of the defendant, on the day of -its rendition;

and with the express view of avoiding the claim of the plaintiff in the judgment, by giving a preference to 'other creditors.

That such an assignment would be fraudulent, as tending to delay and defeat creditors, is clear, but no such defence was

made in the State court.

The decision must turn upon the effect of the entries made on the minutes of the Circuit Court. The term of the court commenced on the 6th of March. The declaration was filed on the 1st of March, and a rule for plea was taken in court by

the 8th. The rule of court provides, that if the pleadings are not filed by the defendant on or before the first day of the

term, the court may on that day fix, the time when the plead. ings are to*be closed and judgment entered.

The plea not being filed within the rule, a judgment by de-'

fault was entered. No- a judgment by default is interlociitory or final. When the action bouids in damages, at c6ve-

nant, trover, trespass, &c., it is only interlocutory, that the plaintiff ought to recover his damages, leaving the amount of

them to be afterwards ascertained. 1 Tidd's Pr. 568. But where the'amount of the judgment is entered by the calculation of the clerk, no further steps being necessary, by a jwuy " or otherwise, to ascertain the amount, the judgnient is final. And

of this character was the judgment entered 'on the 8th of

March. The action was debt, brought upon several notes of hand; the default admitted the execution of the n6tes, and the judgment which followed was final, leaving the- clerk to make it up in form. The affirmance of this judgment on the 10th of March was unnecessary, as the judgment of th&- coUrt. on the 8th concluded the mattet in controversy. It was a mere

clerical duty to make the oalculation and enter the judgment

in form; and the entry on the 10th can be considered, in.

regard to the lien in question, in effect as nothing more thain

VOL. XT.

35

410

SUPREME COURT.

Clements v. Berry.

the performance of this clerical duty, which had been authorized by the entry 6n the 8th. It was an affirmance of that
which already had been fixed, by the judgment of the court. What remained to be done was matter of form, as it added nothing to the legal effect of the judgment by default. Had the defendant been called and a default entered against him,
the case would have stood for judgment at a future call of the docket. But under the rule of the court, " the pleadings were to be closed on the 8th and judgment. entered." The defendant failed to plead, and a judgment by default consequently followed. The action being debt, founded upon notes
of hand, which were admitted to be genuine by the default, the court saw that no inquiry was necessary, and the judgment was therefore directed to be entered. That judgment was final according to the forms of entering judgments at the common law. The omission by the clerk to make the calculation of the amount of the judgment, and enter it in form, on the
8th of March, was supplied by the entry on the 10th. Such entry, therefore, we think, may be considered as having relation to the first judgment.
It is said to be a legal absurdity to suppose that the lien of the execution can attach prior to the judgment. An execution can be of no validity which has not a judgment to support it.
But the judgments entered on the last day of the term, by the
law of Tennessee, have relation to the first day of the term, so as to place all the judgments entered at the term on an equality in regard to liens. This it is said is proper to do equal justice to creditors, whose judgments were necessarily entered on
different days of the term, from the arrangement of the causes on the docket. But it is said, that a bond fide purchaser for a
valuable consideration would limit the lien of the judgment and execution to the time the judgment was rendered. If this be so, it is not percei"ved how the principle, can be applied to the case before us, unless the defendant in error be considered a bona fide purchaser. He cannot place himself in that-attitude. He holds the property in: trust for the creditors named, having paid 'at the time no consideration for it; and having, as rnmay be presumed from the'circumstances, a knowledge that the assignment was made to avoid the effect of the judgment against the assignor. It would be difficult to maintain that this was a bonafide transaction, and especioly that it was entitled to the favorable consideration of the court. In no sense can it be considered a bon4fide sale for a valuable consideration. The trustee is made the agent to pay the creditors named, and he represents their interests as creditors. But if
the property had. been sold bona fide, from the effect of the

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

411

Clements v. Berry.

judgment by default, and the relation to it of the formal juidgment of affirmance subsequently entered, the lien would attach from the judgment on the 8th.
We admit that the lien of the judgment and execution in
the federal courts arises under the State laws; and that the lien may be considered as a rule of property, and a rule of decision under the thirty-fourth section of the Judiciary Act of 1789. But the preparatory steps, by which the judgment is obtained and the lien established, depend upon the practice of the court; and that practice is settled by the federal courts, and not by the courts of the State. The process act of 1828 "adopted the forms of mesne process, except the style and forms and modes of proceeding in suits in the courts of the United States held in those States, &c., subject, however, to such alterations and additions as the said courts of the United
States respectively shall, in their discretion, deem expedient, or -to such regulations as the Supreme Court shall prescribe."
The entry by the register of the precise time at which all instruments are deposited with him for record, as required by the act of Tennessee, is no doubt a very proper regulation. It is salutary in relation to instruments deposited for record on the same day. 'In such cases the priority of time may be ascertained with certainty ; but when the fractions of a day are to be compared, under such entries, to a judgment lien, the propriety of the rule is not so apparent. The case before us would present a point of no small, difficulty. From the entry, the trust deed appears to have 'been deposited for record
nine minutes before the court was opened. And this is to render inoperative the lien of the judgment. Now, how is the fact to be ascertained with certainty ? 'Where shall the exact standard of time be found. A variation of nine or ten minutes is not uncommon in chrononieters; and the timepiece of
the register, it is supposed, could have no exclusive claim to regulate judgment liens. Whether good or bad, it would an.
swer the purpose designed by showing the priorities of instruments left for record. But the test in regard to judgment liens would be uncertain and unsatisfactory. As a rule of propery it would seem to be, at least in many cases, impracticable.
How can one, five, or ten minutes be ascertained with the requisite certainty, to lay the foundation of a right? It would hardly be contended that the entry of a ministerial officer, though made by authority of law, should limit or defeat a
judgment lien in such a case. No other decision of the Supreme Court of Tennessee th'an the one now before us is applicable to this question. And if the case to be reviewed is to constitute the rule for our decision'5 as insisted, the power of
revision would be useless.

412

SUPREME COURT.

Clements v. Berry.

Whilst we follow the construction of a State statute, established by the Supreme Court of the State, care must be taken that our jurisdiction and practice shall not be limited or controlled by the statutes or decisions of the State, beyond the acts of Congress.
The judgment of the State court is reversed, and the cause is remanded to thatcourt for further proceedings in conformity with this opinion.
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY, Mr. Justice CATRON, Mr. Justice DANIEL, and"Mr. Justice NELSON dissented.

Mr. Justice CATRON. By-rule of court made when only one term was held in the
year for the Districts of Tennessee, the United States Circuit Court adopted a rule requiring a copy of the declaration to be dent out with the writ, in all cases of suits on written agreements for the payment of money, where the plaintiff desires to obtain judgment at the return term. If a copy of this declaration is served with the writ on the defendant thirty days before
the court commences, then the defendant is required to plead before the, first day of the term; and if he fails to do so, it is the-duty of the clerk to enter judgment by default at his office. This fact he reports to the court in all cases. And then such further time is given for.makin4 up the pleadings as may be deemed proper by the court itself; thus extending thb titne usually three days. But at March term, 1848, only two additional days to plead were allowed.
This office judgment has no force in itself, further than to Apeed the final judgment. It stands over, like other causes, triable on an issue. When it is reached on the docket in due course, a jury inquires of damages; or if the sum be certain, then a regular and binding judgment is entered of record by
the court. An execution is uniformly awarded in terms by the final
judgment, and to which the execution on its face refers, by a
brief recital. To this award of execution thefierifaciasrelates, and binds
personal property of the defendant.
The United States courts are governed by the State laws creating a lien; and the State laws are settled by uniform adjudications that the lien attaches by a final judgment and award of execution. From that time defendant's property is in custody of the law. Johnson v.'Bal1, 1 Yerger, 292. I In this case there is no allegation of fraud. The debtor transferred his property to a trustee honestly and fairly, accord-

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

413

Clements v. Berry..

ing to the face of this record. By the law of Tennessee the
deed of trust took effect the moment it was delivered to the register to be recorded. It was his duty by express law to indorse on the deed the exact time of delivery. After that, all
liens were cut off. This was done before the judgment was rendered. It mattefs not whether defendant parted with his. property on the day the judgment was rendered, or on a subsequent day, as he was divested of it the moment the trustee delivered the deed to be recorded. If it was otherwise, and the execution related to a judgment by default (which might re-
main unconfirmed for months), all executions or final judgments, where a default had been entered, would bind from the
first day of the term, and overreach sales made by retail dealers to an alarming extent; a doctrine unknown and altogether inadmissible in the State of Tennessee, or elsewhere, so far as I know.
The Supreme Court of Tennessee (to revise whose decision this writ of error is prosecuted) laid down the law correctly, as I think, in its opinion in this cause, and I am of opinion that the judgment ought to be affirmed; And I am instructed to say for my brother Nelson, who heard the cause but is now absent, that this is his opinion also.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Supreme Court of the. State of Tennessee)'and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by thi court, that the judgment of the said Supreme Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs, and. that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Supreme Court; for fur-' ther proceedings to be had therein, in conformity to the opinion of this ct-irt.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

297

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et aL

The proceedings in relation to that writ were in due time, and. when docketed in this court it stayed executioji, by force of the act of Congress, while the case was here pending. And it was in this view of the case, that the court deemed it their duty to enforce the stay by awarding a supersedeas. It was upon this ground that the writ was issued, and not under the removal by the second writ of error; nor was it issued under the fourteenth section 6f the act of 1789, as would seem to have been the case, from some mistake or oversight in framing the orders and entries. For the court is unanimously of opinion, that, in the exercise of their appellate power, they are not authorized to award a supersedeas to stay proceedings on the judgment of the inferior court, upon the ground that a writ of error is pending, unless the writ was sued out within ten days
after the judgment, and in conformity with the provisions of the twenty-third section of the act of 1789. And if the case of Hardeman v. Anderson had been considered as pending here
by force of the second writ of error, no supersedeas could lawfully have been issued.
The case now before us was not brought up by the first writ for want ofthe citation. There is no ground, therefore, for reinstating the case in this court upon that writ. And the second
writ, by which alone it has been brought here, and by virtue of which it is now pending, was not sued out in time to operate as a supersedeas; and this court have not the power to award
one. The motion must, therefore, be overruled.

Order.
On consideration of the motion made by Mr. Featherston for a writ of supersedeas in this cause, and the arguments of counsel thereupon had, as well against as in support thereof, it is now here ordered by the court, that the said motion be, and the same is hereby, overruled.

JEREIIAH VAN RENSSELAER,. ArPELLANT, V. PHILIP KEARNEY AND
FREDERIC DE PEYSTER, TRUSTEES AND EXECUTORS Or JOHN WATTSs
DECEASED, CATHERINE G. VISSCHER, CORNELIUS G. VAN RENSSELAER, AND GLEN VAN RENSSELAER, DEFENDANTS.
In 178G the legislature of New York passed a law declaring that "all estates tal shall be. and hereby are, abolished"; and if any peison should thereafter become seized in fee tail of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments by virtue of any devis% &c., he should be deemed to have become seized in fee simple absolute.

298

SUPREME' COURT.

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

This included an estate tail in remainder, as well as one in possession. The courts in New York have so decided, and this court adopts their construction.
The remainder-man dying during the lifetime of the life tenant, the latter, being the father, inherited from the son a fee simple absolute.
Whilst the remainder-man was yet alive, the life tenant sold the property and conveyed it to the vendee by a deed which, according to its true construction, affirmed the existence of an estate in fee simple in itself. The reasons for this construction stated.
Those claiming under him are estopped by this deed. The doctrine of estoppel explained.

THIS was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York, sitting as a court of equity. It was-a bill filed by the appellant, Jeremiah
Van Rensselaer, against John Watts originally, and continued
against his trustees and executors, praying for an account of the rents of certain property, and for the surrender of the leases,
title-deeds, &c. In order to see at a glance the derivation of the title, the
following table is referred to: -

The testator, died 1783. t Dead at he date of the will. I The devisee, died 1828.

Born 1791, died 1813, without issue.
II The complainant, born 1793.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

299

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

On the 25th of May, 1782, John Van Rensselaer was seized
of a large body of land, about thirty-four thousand acres, a part of which had been leased on permanent ground rents, and a part leased for life or for years. The residue was owned by him in fee simple. On that day he made and published his last will and testament, by which he devised Claverack Manor to trustees during the life of John J. Van Rensselaer, his grandson, with the intent to create an estate tail, the rents and profits to the use of John J. Van Rensselaer during his lifetime and
the remainder over to the issue male of the said John, and in case of failure of such issue, then to the issue male of the other sons of the testator. Provision was then made for rais.
ing portions for female issue. On the 12th of July, 1782, a law was passed in New Yofk
abolishing entails, and on the 29th of July, 1782, the testator
added a codicil to his -will, alluding to the law. In 1783 the testator died, and John J. Van Rensselaer, the
devisee, entered into possession of the estate. On the 23d of February, 1786, the legislature of New York
passed an act (3 R. S. N. Y., 1st ed., App. 48; 1 R. L. 1813, p. 52), declaring "That all estates tail shall be, and hereby are,.
abolished; and that, in all cases where any person or persons now is, or, if the act hereinafter mentioned [referring to the act passed on 12th July, 1782] had not been passed, would now be, seized in fee tail of any lands, tenements, or heteditaments, such person and persons shall be deemed to be seized of the same in fee simple absolute; and further, that in all cages
where any person or persons would, if the said act and this present-act had not been passed, at any time hereafter become seized in fee tail of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by virtue of any devise, gift, grant, or other conveyance heretofore made or hereafter to be made, or by any other means whatso. ever, such person or persons, instead of becoming seized thereof in fee tail, shall be deemed and adjudged to become seized thereof in fee simple absolute."
In 1791 John was born, who was the first-born son of the
devisee. It may as well be mentioned here, that he died in 1813, leaving his father surviving him. After John there were born other children, viz. Jeremiah, who was' the complainant below and appellant here, Catherine, who intermarried with one Visseher, Glen, and Cornelius.
In 1794, the condition of the estate was this. Much the larger proportion of it was held under leases, which had been made to different persons at different 'times, and the residue was held by. John J. Van Rensselaer. The leases were, some of them, executed by Hendrick Van Rensselaer and John Van

300

SUPREME COURT.

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

Rensselaer, the ancestors of the said John J.; and some executed by John J. Van Rensselaer himself. These leases for the most part created perpetual ground rents, and those which did not create perpetual ground rents were for the lives of the lessees. Two mortgages upon the property, had also been given by John J. Van Rensselaer to Philip Schuyler, for three
thousand one hundred pounds each. This being the state of the property in 1794, John J. Van
Rensselaer entered into aii agreement with Daniel Penfield, on the 4th of November of that-year. As these articles were much discussed in the argument, it is proper to make extracts from them as to those points which were the subject of discussion.
"Articles of agreement had, made, entered into, and finally concluded upon this fourth day of November, in the year of our-Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, by and between John J. Van Rensselaer of Greenbush, in the county of Rensselaer, of the one part, and Daniel Penfield of the city of New York, of the other part, witnesseth: Imprimis, the said John J. Van Rensselaer, for himself, his heirs, executors, and
administrators, doth covenant, grant, and agree, to and with the said Daniel Penfield, his heirs, executors, and administrators, that he, the said John J. Van Rensselaer, together with Catherine, his wife, shall and will, within the term of three months from the date hereof, by a good and, sufficient deed and c6nveyance in the law, such as by the counsel of the said Daniel Penfield, his heirs or assigns, shall be reasonably advised, devised, or required, and that free and clear, and freely
acquitted and discharged of and from all encumbrances and charges, other than leases heretofore given by the said John J. Van Rensselaer and his ancestors, assign, release, 6onvey, assure, bargain, sell, grant, and confirm unto the said Daniel Penfield, his heirs and assigns for.ever, all the right, title, interest, property, claim, and demand, either in possession, rever-
sion, or remainder, of him, the said John J. Van Rensselaer' and Catherine, his wife, of, in, or to all that tract and parcel of land situate, lying, and being in the town of Claverack, and
city of Hudson, and county of Columbia, and included within
the boundaries following, to wit, that is to say: Beginning," &c., (going on to describe the land$) "together with all and singular the waters, watercourses, and streams of water, profits, advantages, hereditaments, and appurtenance whatsoever thereunto appertaining and belonging, or which have been considered and used, or now are used and occupied, as part and parcel thereof, in as full and ample a manner as the said John J. Van Rensselaer now hath and enjoyeth the same, and in as

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

301

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et aL

full and ample a manner as the same have heretofore been had and enjoyed by the' said John J. Van -Rensselaer, or lawfully
may be had, used, occupied, posse§sed; and enjoyed by him, his heirs or assigns: To have and to. hold the same unto the said-Daniel Penfield, his heirs and assigns for ever, excepting, reserving, and saving thereout ah the land included within the foregoing and above-described boundaries, which have been heretofore granted," &c. (going on to enumerate the leases made and agreed to be made).
Then f6llowed covenants on the part of Penfield to pay for the quantity of land, to pay the mortgages to Schuyler, to secure the payment of the instalments by mortgage, to execute leases to the persons with whom John J. had agreed that leases should be made, and other covenants, which it is not material
to state. On the 1st of January, 1795, John J. Van Rensselaer and
Catherine, his wife, executed the deed to Penfield, in conformity with the above articles. The deed is short, and, as many parts of it were criticized in the argument, it may be proper to insert it entire.

"This indenture, made the first day of January, 1795, be-

tween John J. Van Rensselaer, of the- county of Rensselaer

and State of New York, esquire, and Catherine, his wife, of

the one part, and Daniel Penfield, of the city of New York;

esquire, of the other part: Whereas certain articles of agree-

ment, indented, were made and executed by and between the

said John J. Van Rensselaer of the one part, and the said

Daniel Penfield of the other part, bearing date the fourth day

of November last past, in the words following, to wit: Imprimis, the said John J. Van Rensselaer, for himself, his heirs,

executors, and administrators, doth covenant, grant, and agree,

to and with the said Daniel Penfield, his heirs, executors, and administrators, that he, the said John J. Van Rensselaer, to-

gether with Catherine, his wife, within the term of three

months from the date hereof, by a good and sufficient deed and

conveyance in the law, such as by the 'counsel of the said

Daniel Penfield, his heirs oIr assigns, shall be reasonably ad-

vised, devised, or required, and that free and clear, and freely

acquitted and discharged of and from all endumbrances and

charges other than leases heretofore given by the said John J.

Van Rensselaer and his ancestors, assign, release, convey, as-

sure, bargain, sell, grant, and confirm unto the said Daniel

Penfield, his heirs and assigns for*ever, all the right, title, in-

terest, property, claim, and demand, either in possession, re-

version, or remainder, of him, the said John J. Van Rensselaer,

VOL. X1.

26

302

SUPREME COURT.

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

and Catherine, his wife, of, in, or to all that tract and parcel of land, situate, lying, and being in the town of Claverack, and city of Hudson, in the county of Columbia, and included with-
in the boundaries following, to wit, that is to say: Beginning
at the mouth of Major Abr4ham's or Kinderhook Creek; thence running south eighty-four degrees and thirty-eight minutes east,
ten miles; thence running south forty degrees west, as far as the right of John Van Rensselaer, the grandfather of the said John J. Van Rensselaer, extended; from thence to Wahanka-
sick; and thence up Hudson River to the place of beginning; together with all and singular the waters, watercourses, and streams of water, profits, advantages, hereditaments, and appurtenances whatsoever thereunto appertaining or belonging, and which have been considered and used, or now are used
and occupied, as part and parcel thereof, in as full and ample a manner as the said John J. Van Rensselaer now hath and enjoyeth the same, and in as full and ample a manner as the same have heretofore been had and enjoyed by the said John
J. Van Rensselaer, or lawfully may be had, used, occupied, possessed, and enjoyed by him, his heirs or assigns: To have and to hold the same unto the. said Daniel Penfield, his heirs and assigns for ever, excepting, reserving, and saving thereout all the land included within the foregoing and above-described boundaries, which have been heretofore granted by letters patent prior to the grants, patents, and confirmations under which the right and title of the said John . Van Rensselaer is derived; excepting also all lands sold or granted otherwise than by lease by the late John Van7 Rensselaer, deceased, and the aforesaid
John J. Van Rensselaer, and all the lands granted by lease from the said John Van"Rensselaer, deceased, to Robert Van
Rensselaer, situate, lying, and being in the said town of Claverack, in the county of Columbia; and excepting also the quantity of fifty'acres of woodland, to be granted by the said Daniel
Penfield to Henry J. Van Rensselaer, and situate within the -boundaries bef6re mentioned and described, and to be by them agreed on; and excepting also, all that tract of land situate in the city of Hudson and town of Claverack, formerly devised by Hendrick Van Rensselaer to Henry Van Rensselaer, deceased; and excepting, also, the farm of land in possession of the representatives of Eytie Moore, do eased, and by the said John J. Van Rensselaer conveyed to John Van Rensselaer, which said deed shall be duly acknowledged by the said John IJ.Van Rensselaer and Catharine, his wife, pursuant t6 the act in such case made and provided, as in and by the said articles of agreement, relation being -thereunto especially had, may among other things more fully appear.

DECEMBER TERM, 18I 0.

303

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et aL

" Now, therefore, this indenture witnesseth, that the said John J. Van. Rensselaer ahd Catharine, his wife, for and in consideration of the sum-of forty-four thousand five hundred and fifty dollars to them in hand paid, the receipt whereof they do hereby acknowledge, and therefrom release and discharge the said
Daniel Penfield, his heirs and assignshave granted, bargained, sold, aliened, enfeoffed, assured, released, and confirmed, and by these presents do grant, bargain, sell, alien, enfeoff, assure, release, and confirm, unto the said Daniel Penfield, (in his ac tual possession now being, by virtue of a bargain and sale t
him thereof made for one whole year by the said John J.. Van, Rensselaer, by indenture bearing date the day next I~efore the day of the date of these presents, and by force of the statute for transferring uses into possession,) and to his heirs and assigns for ever, all and singulat the aforesaid tract of land above de-
scribed, lying and being in the town of Claverack and city of Hudson, and so butted and bounded as is above particularly mentioned, together with all and singular the waters, watercourses, and streams of water, profits,, advantages, heredita-
ments, and appurtenances whatsoever thereto appertaining and belonging, or which have been considered and used, or now are used and occupied, as part and parcel thereof, excepting, reserving, and saving thereout all the lands included within the
foregoing and above-described boundaries, which are excepted,
saved, and reserved in the said in part recited articles of agreement; which said tract of land, after deducting the said exceptions, reservations, and savings,'contains the quantity of thirtythree thousand six hundred and fifty-eight acres of land, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues, services, and profits thereof, and also all leases of and concerning any part or parts of the said granted premises; and also all the estate, right, title, interest, property, possession, claim, and demand of them, the said John J. Van Rensselaer and Catherine, his wife, of, in, and to the same: To have and to hold the said tract of land so described, and so butted and. bounded as above recited, excenting, saving, and reserving, as are above particularly excepted, saved, and reserved, unto the said Daniel Pefifield, his heirs and assigns, to the only proper use and behoof of the said Daniel Penfield, his heirs and assigns for ever, in as full and ample a manner as the said John
J. Van Rensselaer now hath and enjoyeth the same, and in as full and ample a manner as the same hath heretofore been had and enjoyed by the said John J. Van Rensselaer, or lawfully might, if these presents were not made, be had, used, occupied,
possessed, and enjoyed by him, his heirs or assigns. And the said John J. 'Van Rensselaer, for himself, his heirs, executors.

804

SUPREME COURT.

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et aL

and administrators, doth covenant, grant, and agree, to and

with the said Daniel Penfield, his heirs and assigns, in manner

following, that is to say: that the said tract of land described, bntted and bounded as aforesaid, excepting, saving, and re-

serving as above are excepted, saved, and reserved, is free and

clear, and shall and may be held and enjoyed by the said

Daniel Penfield, his heirs and assigns, according to the true intent and meaning of these presents, freely and clearly acquitted

and discharged of and from all encumbrances and charges,

other than leases heretofore given by the said John J. Van

Rensselaer and his ancestors, or any of them, and except a cer-

tain mortgage upon the premises executed by the said John J.

Van Rensselaer to Philip Schuyler, esquire, dated the 11th day
of August1 1791, to secure the payment of three thousand one hundred pounds.

"In witness whereof the parties to these presents have hereunto interchangeably set their hands and seals, the day aiid

year first above written.

"JOHN J. VAN RENSSELAER,

L S.

CATHERINE VAN RENSSELAER. [L. "

On the 15th of October, 1806, Penfield and wife conveyed all the property to John Watts, enumerating in the deed all the leases, which were to stand good.
In 1813 John Van Rensselaer, the eldest son of John J., died,
without issue. On the 26th of September, 1828,. John J. Van Rensselaer,
who had sold the property to Watts, died also. At some time previous to the year 1836, but when the rec-
ord did not show, Jeremiah Van Rensselaer, a citizen of New Jersey, being the eldest surviving son of John J., filed his bill in
the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York, against John Watts, and against Catherine G. Visscher, Coinelius G. Van Rensselaer, and Glen Van Rensselaer. In the bill he alleged that all the estate and interest which John J. Van Rensselaer acquired under the will of his grandfather was an estate for his own life merely, and that the said John J. was unable to vest, and did not vest, any greater interest in Penfield. Claiming the whole estate, he called upon Watts for an account of the rents and profits, and for a surrender of the title papers.
As to his brothers and sister the bill proceeded thus: "Your orator further charges, that the said Catherine (. Visscher, Cornelius G. Van Rensselaer, and Glen Van Rensselaer, who are citizens of the State of New York, give out and pretend that the said John J. Van Rensselaer had a son named

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

305

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

John Van Rensselaer, who, as they allege, was born in the year 1791, and died in the year 1813; and they further allege, that upon his birth the 'said estate, devised to the eldest son of the said John J. Van Rensselaer in and by the said will, vested in the said John Van Rensselaer; and that, by the operation of law, it was turned into an estate in fee, and descended, upon the death of the said John Van Rensselaer, to the said John J. Van Rensselaer; and that upon the death of the said' John J. Van Rensselaer, in the year 1828, it descended to his heirs at
law as tenants in common, whereby, as they allege, they are each entitled to a fourth part of the said estate, and to the
rents and profits accruing thereupon. Whereas your orator chaiges, that the said estate, and the rents and profits thereof,
belong to him." The bill then prayed that the complainant might be quieted
in his title to the whole of the premises, or, in case it should be decided that he was entitled only to one fourth part, then that the court would decree accordingly.
The brothers and sister answered, admitting the facts stated in the bill, and submitting themselves to the judgment of the court.
Watts put in a plea, denying all knowledge of any title except that of Penfield at the time of his purchase, and prayed
that he might not be compelled to answer further. The court allowed the plea to stand as to the discovery, but ordered a further answer as to the title.
In September, 1836, John Watts died, leaving Philip Kearney and Frederic Do Peyster his executors. A supplemental bill and bill of revivor was then filed, making them parties, and also Philip Kearney, Jr., Susan Kearney, and John Watts De Peyster, the devisees of the property in question. The new parties answered, and sundry exhibits were filed and deposi-
tions taken. In May, 1846, the cause came on for argument in the Circuit Court, which passed the following decree. Judge
Nelson being unable to attend from sickness, the decree was
given by Judge Betts.

"First. That the remainder in tail, in the premises mentioned in the pleadings in this cause, created by the will of John
Van Rensselaer the elder, vested in John, his great-grandson, on his birth, in the year 1791, and that said great-grandson was seized of such remainder.
"Second. 'That the tenant in tail under the said will, acquiring such estate in remainder, became thereby so seized of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments devised that the act of February 23d, A D. 1786, converted such estate tail into a
fee simple absolute. 26'

806

SUPREME COURT.

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney, et al.

"Third. That the said John, the great-grandson of the said

John Van Rensselaer the elder, took the estate in question as

a purchase, and thus became a new stock bf descent, and was

so seized thereof, that, at his death, in the year 1813, the whole

estate descended to his father, John J.Van Rensselaer, and his

heirs at law.

"Fourth. 'That the covenants in the deed of John J.Van

Rensselaer, conveying the premises in question to David Pen. field, bearing date the 1st day of January, A. D. 1795, amount

in law to a covenant against all encumbrances, except such as

are specifically designated in the said deed, and also to a cove-

nant for quiet enjoyment, subject only to the like exceptions. "Fifth. That the said coveia~nts in the said deed operate as

an estoppel to John J.Van Rensselaer's claiming the estate

subsequently acquired by him, as against his grantee; and that the estoppel operates equally against the complainant in this

suit, who makes title to the estate in question as one of the

heirs at law of John J. Van Rensselaer.

"Sixth. That the deed of Daniel Penfield to John Watts,

bearing date the 15th day of October, in the year 1806, convey-

ing the said estate to the said John Watts in fee, with full cove-

nants, entitles his devisees and representatives, now in posses-

sion of the premises, and who are defendants in this cause, to

a decree dismissing the complainant's bill in this cause, with

costs. "It is therefore ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court,

that the complainant's said bill of complaint be, and the same

hereby is, dismissed; and that the said complainant pay to the

said defendants or their solicitor their costs of this suit, to be

taxed, and that the said defendants have execution therefor ac-

cording to the course and practice of this court.

(Signed,)

SAMUEL R. BETTS."

The complainant appealed to this court. It was argued by Mr. Webster and Mfr. Blunt, for the appellant, and 31-..Tordan and _1r. Wood, for the appellees.
The case was argued at great length, and the reporter can only stat6 the points raised by the respective counsel.
On the part of the appellant, the points were the following. In case the decision lately made by the New York court in Van Rensselaer v. Poucher is to be examined here, pursuant to the rule established in Lane et al. v. Vick et al., 3 Howard, 476, then the first question is, When was the estate tail created by the -will converted into a fee, - at the time of the birth of the eldest son, or at the death of John J.Van Rensselaer, in 1828 ?

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

307

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et aL,

Taking that view of the case, the following points are presented for the appellant: -
First Point. John Van Rensselaer, the first-born son of John J. Van Rensselaer, was the first donee in tail, under the will of Colonel John Van Rensselaer, the devisor.
I. The devise to Morris and Douw, in trust to support the contingent remainders, &c., vested in the trustees a legal estate during the life of John J. Van Rensselaer, the grandson of the devisor. The said John J. Van Rensselaer took only an equi-
table estate for life, which could not unite with the legal remainder subsequently devised to his sons successively in tail male.
I. Even if the estate of Jqhff J. Van Rensselaer was executed by the statute of uses, as a legal estate in him, still it was an express estate for his own life only, and would not, under the rule in Shelley's case, unite with the remainders subsequently devised to his sons successively in tail male, and so create an estate tail in him. The sons thus designated take
as purchasers, and not by descent. Lilly's Practical Conveyancer, 727; 2 BI. Com., App. No. 2; Scarborough v. Saville, 3 Adolph. & Ell. 897; 24 Com. Law, 271; Hays on Estates Tail, p. 118; 2 BI. Com. 171, notes; 9 Serg. & Rawle, 362; Willes, 336; Dickens, 183, 195; 35 Com. Law, 246; Butler's Notes to Co. Litt., No. 249, subd. 2, 3; Bacon's Works, 599; Touchst. 501; Lewin on Trusts, 2,356, 103, note 1; Cornish on Uses, 15, 61; 1 Ves. & Beames, 485; 16 Ves. 296; 2 P. Wins. 680; 4 T. R. 247; 3 Bro. P. C. 464; 4 Kent's Com. 215, 221; Hays on Estates Tail, Proposition 4, pp. 4, 30, 31, 43; 4 Dane's Abr. 633; 3 Wend. 504; 2 Cruise's Dig. 39, tit. 16, ch. 7, § 26.
Second Point. John, the first-born son of John J. Van Rens-
selaer, took at his birth a vested remainder in fee tail; but as he died in the lifetime of his father (for whose life the trustees held), he never became ",seized in fee tail of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments" devised, within the true intent and meaning of the statutes of 1782 and 1786, for the abolition of entails in New York. 1 Rev. Laws, 1813, p. 52.
I. The question arises upon well-known technical words; and they must be construed conformably to their established import. 6 Bac. Abr. 380, Statute, I. 2; 2 Cranch, 386; Ellmaker v. Ellmaker, 4 Watts, 894 Rutherforth's Institutes, book .2, ch. 7, § 4.
II. If upon the words the construction be doubtful, it will be proper to consider the preexisting law, the evil to be remedied, the nature of the remedy designed, and the true reason
of that reinedy. 6 Bac. Abr. 383, Stcdute, L 4.

308

SUPREME COURT.

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

III, The public history of the times in which the acts were passed may be resorted to. Aldridge v. Williams, 3 How-
ard, 24. IV. Entails, as practised in England, and in this State prior
to the acts in question, did not unduly suspend the power of alienation, but only embarrassed it by compelling a resort to the dilatory and expensive method of conveyance by fine and recovery. Spencer v. Lord Marlboro, 5 Bro. P. C. 592; 3
Tuckers Bl., p. 116, note 11, p. 363, note 7; Pigott on Rec. 20; Cruise on Fines and Ree., ch. 1, § 6; 2 Rev. Stat. .34, 24; Str. 295; 1 Burr. 115; Willes,453; 5 T. R. 108; 2 Bl. CoM., App. No. 4, 5; 2 Bl. Com. .353, 355; 2 Wooddeson, 186, 187, 188, 198; 2 Chitty's Blackstone, p. 357, note 18; 24 Com. Law, 59; Parkhurst v. Dormer, Willes, 327; 13 East, 495; Taylor v. Horde, 1 Burr. 60; 30 Com. Law, 271; 8 Mass. 36;
2 Rawle, 175; 14 Geo. 2, ch. 20; 3 BI. Com. 362; Wilson's Pigott on Rec. 27,41; Cowp. 704; 2 Burr. 1067; 2 Woodde. son, 198; 4 Kent's Com. 18, 22, note b; 3 Call, 287; 14
Wend. 295, 334; 1 Jefferson's Misc. 34. V. No evil, except the necessity of fines and common re-
coveries, was supposed to result from entails. Lord Mansfield, 1 Burr. 115; 3 London Law Mag. 371; Doctor and St-dent4 ch. 32, 95; 2 B. Com. 361, A. D. 1765; 9 Serg. & Rawle,
339, 354;. 4 Jefferson's Misc. 178. 1. In the sister States it was so considered, and their contem-
poraneous legislation conforms to this idea. See review of
such legislation at end of points. 2. Fines and recoveries were at length dispensed with in
England, 3 and 4 Win. IV. ch. 74; 2 Chitty's Gen. Prac.,
Supplement, 79, 80. 3. The legislature of New York never attempted to curtail
the power of suspending alienation until the Revised Statutes of 1830. It was not an object of the actsin question. Costar
v. Lorrillard, 14 Wend. 294, 334. 4. Nor was the power then curtailed in a greater degree
than it is curtailed by the plaintiff's construction of the acts in
question. VI. The terms of the acts, if construed literally and strictly,
according to their fixed technical meaning, produce an effect precisely corresponding with the presumable intent of the legislature, as deducible from a review of the prefxisting law, the only acknowledged evil of entails,-and the whole history of contemporaneous remedial legislation.
1 The remainder-man ih fee tail never had at common law the absolute power of alienation, even by common recovery.
He might bar his own issue by a fine, but he could not affect

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

309

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

the subsequent remainders. 2 Chitty's Blackstone, p. 357, note 18. He might unite with the tenant for life in suffering a common recovery, and thus bar the entail; but the assent of the freeholder was indispensable. See cases before cited. 2
BI.-Com. 362. 2. The acts in question accordingly require, at the moment
when they convert the fee tail into a fee simple, a seizin in fee tail of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments. Meaning of word Hereditament. Symonds, 385; Thos. Coke, 197 to 242; Co. Litt. 6 a, 20, Hargrave's notes, 2 and 24; 2 Tomlyns, 86; 3 Tomlynsi 578; 1 Bouvier, 629; 2 Bouvier, 554; 2 BI. Com. 17 to 48; 4 Dane's Abr. 500; 3 Kent's Com. 401; Cruise's Dig., book 1, tit. 1, 1; 2 Chitty's Gen. Prac. 153; Flintoff, ch. 2, 3; Maugham, ch. 1; Roscoe on -Real Actions, p. 16; Wood's Inst. ch. 1, 2, 3, 4, and p. .113; 1 Finch's Law, 111; Termes de la Ley,-254; Salk. 685, 239; 8 T. R. 503; 5 T. R. 558;" 1 Bos. & Pul.562; 2 Fos. & Pul. 247; Moseley, 240; 10 Wheat. 216; 9 Serg. & Rawle, 3.56; 6 Bac. Abr. 382, Statute, 1 4; Johnson's Dict.; Ainsworth's Diet., Hcredium; 2 Croker's
Dict., Hereditament; 8 Enc. Brit. 473; 1 Rich. 3, ch. 7; 4 Hen. 7, ch. 14, 24; 11 Hen. 7, ch. 1, 20; 1 Hen. 8, ch. 8; 21 Hen. 8, ch. 4, 13, 15, 19; 32 Hen. 8, ch. 9, 32, 36; 34 & 35 Hen. 8, ch. 5,40, 42; 11 & 12 W. & M., ch. 4; 3 and 4 Anne, ch. 6; 4 Stat. at Large, 110,137,217,220,420; 6 1b. 64; Hot's Laws of N: Y., p. 85, § 1; Ibid., p. 258, § 4; 1 Rev. Stat. 507; 2 Rev. Stat. 317,§ 1; 9 Cow. 564; 2 Cow. 497; 3 Paige, 245; 1 Rev. Laws of 1813, p. 363; 1 Rev. Laws, 747, §§ 23, 24, 25.
3. The word "seized" in these acts is not to be taken singly,
but in conjunction with that of which the seizin is required, i.e. the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, i. e. the res or subject. Co. Litt. 14 b, 15 a, 17 a, 152 b; 3 Tomlyn's Diet. 446, Seizin; 2 Bouvier's Dict. 494, Seizin; 14 Joh~ns. 407; 4
Dane's Abr. 664, § 5; Jackson v. Strang, 1 Hall, 32; Litt.
§§ 541, 549, 235, 233; Of a Rent, Litt. 565; Co. Litt. 315 a; 5
Barn. & Cresw. 308; Bevil's case, 4 Coke, 9; Form of Plead.
ing,'Litt. 10; 2 BI..209. 4. The word "seized" is not here used in that secondary
sense in which it serves to describe the condition of a remainderman or reversioner in respect to his estate, when such estate, not discontinued by any act or neglect of the freeholder having the precedent estate, i5 perfect and unharmed, and simply awaits the determination of the precedent estate to vest in posses. sion. Even in that case it is never said that the remainderman or reversioner is seized of the lands, &c. But it is fre-
quently said that he is seized of the rimainder, or of his estate. Co. Lilt."347 b; 1 Burr. 107, 109; 4 T. R. 744; Litt. 4517

310

SUPREME COURT.

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

470, 673; 2 Bl. 357; Doe v. Cooper, 2 Barn. & Adolph. 283;
Davis v. Gatacre, 5 Bingh. N. C. 609; 8 East, 566; Roscoe on
Real Actions, 51-290; Stat. Champerty, 2 Rev. Stat. 691, § 6; Stat. Trespass, 1 Rev. Laws, 527, § 32; 1 Rev. Stat. 760,
§ 8. . 6. It is an error to say "seizin of land" should not be
pleaded. On the contrary, seizin of lands is always pleaded
where it, exists. In replevin, and many other cases, "in fee," or "in fee tail," or "for life," according to the fact, is added, because, in addition to seizin, the title is required to be pleaded. No instance can be found of -an averment, that a party was "9seized of land in remainder."
6. It is an error to suppose that seized "in fee," or "in his demesne as of fee," is used indifferently or confusedly in pleading the seizin of a remainder-man. 2 Denio, 23. The first
form is proper when the remainder-man is not the freeholder (the prior estate being for life); the second form is proper when
the remainder-man is the freeholder .(the prior estate being for years only). And so are all the cases and precedents. Corn.
Dig. Pleader,c. 35; 6 Jacob's Dict. 41; Tomlyn's Dict. 41, Seizin; Greer e v. Cole, 2 Saunders, 235; 7 N. Hamp. 59.
VII. The intent of the legislature was to seize upon the entail the instant there was in being an owner having a right
by the will or settlement to acquire an absolute fee simple, and, dispensing with the formal and dilatory process of fine and recovery, to vest such fee simple at once by act and operqtion of law; thus, -
1. The only recognized evil of entails was remedied. 2. No violent or sudden change, overturning the lawful intent of the devisor or donor, was effected. 3. The consisteicy and harmony of the law was preserved. VIII. Unless this is the construction, these statutes would
be incongruous in their action, and would work injustice. 1. A seizin of the lands, &c., in fee simple absolute, would
necessarily annihilate the precedent freehold. 2 BI. Com.
104, 105. 2. There are commonly, in settlements in tail, ten or more
successive limitations in tail. In each limitation the remainder is vested, and the remainder-man is seized of the'remainder or estate the instant he comes into being. Fearne on Remainders, 217 to 221; Wiles, 338. And consequently, if a seizin of the estate, i. e. the vested remainder, be sufficient, each of these remainders is, at the same instant, turned into a fee simple absolute, and made to destroy all the others.
3. This incongruity would not be advantageously obviated, if, by construction, a priority could- be given to the first vested

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

311

Van Rensselaer v. Koarney et al.

remainder; because it often happens that the remainders, posterior ia point of limitation, vest long before the prior remaindermen come into being. It was a common practice to settle to
the use of an infant grandson for life, remainder in fee tail to his first and other sons successively, remainder in default, &e.,
to the use of settler's brother oruncle, remainder to the first and other sons of such brother or uncle, in tail. Here the last remainder is almost sure to vest before the former.
IX. The construction contended for by the plaintiff involves
none of these incongruities, is according to the technical import of the words, the reason of the thing, and the construction in analogous cases.
1. A seizin of lands in fee tail entitled the wife to dower and the husband to courtesy; but seizin of a vested remainder in fee tail or in fee simple had no such effect. 1 Barbour's S. C. R. 506; Cornish on Remainders, 130; Watkins on Con-
veyancing, 44, 56; 2 Wooddeson's Lectures, 15, 17; Eldredge v. Forrestal, 7 Mass. 253; Ace. 23 Pick. 84; 22 Pick. 284 ; In
re Cregier, I Barbour's Ch. R. 601; 4 Mason, 485; Dower Act, 1 Rev. Laws, 56, § 1; 4 Dane's Abr. 658, 663, § 22.
2. An heir, to whom a dry remainder expectant upon an es-
tate for life descended, might, at common law, plead riens per discent to an action on his ancestor's bond debt. Fortrey v. Fortrey, 2 Raithby's Vernon, 134.
3. 'The woras "where any lands, tenements, or heredita-
ments shall be nleld," in the statute of partitions, Were held not to authorize a naked remainder-man or reversioner to be a plaintiff. 1 Rev. Laws, 507, § 1; Clapp v. Bromagham, 9 Cow.
564; 3 Paige, 245; 2 Cow. 497. 4. The statute of wills gave the power of devising to every
person " having any estate in lands, tenements, or heredita-
ments." 1 Rev. Laws, 361.
5. The statute of executions subjects th levy and sale "all and singular the lands, tenements, and real estate " of the debtor. I Rev. Laws, 500, § 1.
6. See also the English statute subjecting the estates tail of
bankrupts to their debts. 2 BI. Com. 261-286. 7. The argument founded on a supposed unity of design in
the first and third sections, in r~ference to the maxim Seisina facit slipitem, is unsound; for that maxim related only to descent in fee simple, and never had any application to istates
tail. There the descent was performam doni. 5 Bl. Com. 231, 232,233; Chitty on Descents, 155; Co. Litt. 14 b, 15 b; Pigott on Recoveries, 108; 4 Com. Dig., Estates, B. 7, 8; 15 Maine,
412; Ratcliffe's case, 3 Coke 41, 42. 8. The word "possessed" in the second section throws no,

SUPRkME COURT.
Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et a.
light upon the present question. It has no connection with the object of the first section. It is a statute of repose, like the statute of limitations; and it includes terms for years, where no seizin could exist. Such statutes are always made in favor of the actual possessor, and to cure defects of title, or a want of seizin. 1 Rev. Laws of N. Car. 258, § 1; 2 Haywood, 142; Best on Presumption, § 76; 2 Halstead, 177; Wood's Institute, book 2, ch. 1, p. 115; 2 Wooddeson's Lectures, 13, 178; 1 Hilliard's Abr., ch. 2, § 16, p. 24; Litt. 234; Co. Litt. 200 b, 17 a. . X. Contemporaneous legislation in the State of New York conforms to the construction contended for by the plaintiff.
1. The act of attainder (Holt's Laws of New York, p. 85, A. D. 1779)' forfeits all the real estate of the delinquents.
2. Sect. 4 of the first act abolishing entails, not regnacted in 1786, (Holt's Laws of New York, p. 258,) shows that the legislature, in that act, attached a more extensive meaning to the words "real estate," than to "lands, tenements, and hereditaments." The distinction is also observed in section sixth of the act of 1786. · 1 Rev. Laws, 53, § 6.
3. Fines and common recoveries were preserved, and regulated by statute (10th Sess., chap. 43), which shows that estates tail were not instantly and totally annihilat-4 by the acts in question. , a. They were invented and used to bar entails, and scarcely ever, if at l used for any other purpose. Pigott on Recoveries, 20; 3 Tucker's Blackstone, 116,, note 11, p. 363, note 7.
b. When, in 1830, all estates tail, though not clethed with seizin, were either converted or extinguished, fines - nd recoveries were very properly abolished. 1 Rev. Stat. 7F .2, §§ 3, 4; 2 Rev. Stat. 343, § 24.
Third Point. The plaiuitiff, upon the death. 0. his elder brother without issue, in . Q1 3 , became the first remainder-man in fee 'ail. And on the death of his father, in 1828, he became seized 3u fee tail of the "lands, tenements, and hereditaments"
devised; which seizin the ststut of 1786 instantly converted into a fee simple absolute.
Supposing, however, the e- -te was converted into a fee on the birth of his eldest son, J( hn J. Van Rensselaer would not take a fee until the death of "Jhat son, in 1813, when it would become his by descent.
The appellant contends t -t the reversion would, upon his ,death, in 1828, de. cend to h four children, the appellant and his brothers and si ter.
Fourth Point. The dee, from John 3. Van Rensselaer to Daniel Penfield c( itained warranty, nor afiy covenant, ex-

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

313

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et aL

cept one against encumbrances. A title subsequently acquired

by grantor does not enure to the benefit of grantee. Jackson

v. Winslow, 13 Cowen, 18; Pelletreau v. Jackson, 11 Wend.

116 (opinion to this precise effect delivered by Judge Nelson,

subsequently affirmed); Jackson v. Waldron, 13 Wend. 212;

Jackson v. Hubbell, 1 Cowen, 616; McCrackin v. Wright,

14 Johns. 194; Jackson v. Bradford, 4 Wend. 622; Jackgon v.

Peck, 4 Wend. 305; Dart v. Dart, 7 Cowen, 256; Jackson v. Natsdorf, 11 Johns. 97, per Thompson, J.; Trill v. Eastman,

3 Metcalf, 124. The deed to Daniel Penfield was executed in pursuance of

an agreement between the parties. In construing them, both instruments are to be taken together to arrive at the meaning

of the parties. Beaumont v. Bramley, 1 Turn. & Russ. 52;

Proctor v. Pool, 4 Dev. 373; Crone v. Odell, 1 Ball & Beat.

489; Moore v. Jackson, 4 Wend..67; Atkinson v. Pillsworth,

1 Ridg. P. C. 461; Lansdown v. Lansdown, 2 Bligh, P. C. 60; Strong v. Benedict, 5 Cowen,'210; Collins v. Masters, 2 Bai-

ley, S. C. Law R. 145; Sumner v. Williams, 8 Mass. 214; Mil-

ler v.Heller, 7 Serg. & Rawle, 40; Foord v. Wilson, 8 Taunton, 543; Nivd. v. Marshallj 1 Brod. & Bingh. 319; Miller v.

Horton, 1 McClelland, 64 /; Johnson v. Hoffman, 9 Law, 273; Hesse v. Albert, 3 Mann. & Ryl. 406; Davis v. Lyman, 6 Conn.

253; Allen v. Barish, 3 Hammond, 134.; Hurd v. Cushing,

7, Pick. 171; Adams v. Caddy, 13 Pick. 463; Ibid. 119; Knick-

erbocker v. Kilman, 9 Johns. 107.

-

Fifth Point Taken together, the'intent of the parties was

clearly to purchase and convey the title of John J. Van Rensse-

laer, and nothing more, to Daniel Penfield, and only to covenant against all encumbrances except the lensei and one mortgage, particularly mentioned in both instraments.

The points made by the counsel Ir the appellees were the

following..

L Under the will and codicil of John Van Rensselaer, there was an estate tail male in remainder in the premises in ques-

tion, (viz. in the rents reserved in fee on the sale of the Claver-

ack lands, and in the lands unsold,) in John Van Rensselaer, son of John J. Van Rensselaer, grandson of the testator, ex-

pectant upon the death of th* -said John J. Van Rensselaer,

which vested -when he, the said John:' Van Rensselaer, was born. 1 Inst. 19, 20; Doe v. Perryn, 3 T. R.484; 2 Hill. Abr.

403; .Carver* v. Jackson, 4 Peters, 89, 90; Doe d. Barnes v.

Provoost, 4 Johns. 61. II. The estate tail, so vested in remainder in the said 'irst-

born son, was abolished by the statute of 1786, and turned ito'

'VOL. xx.

27

314

SUPREME COURT.

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney. et al.

a fee simple, which thereby destroyed all the ulterior remain-
ders; because, 1st. The object of the act was to abolish entails altogether,
and thereby to abolish primogeniture, which was peculiarly protected by the statute de donis.
2d. If the abolition of entailments under said act should be confined to cases of actual corporeal possession of the estate tail in freehold, a large class of estate,, rights, and interests would not be freed under it, but would be still subject to entailments, and to the law of primogeniture in its most rigid form; viz. all expectancies and incorporeal hereditaments.
3d. The abolition of entailments might be follbwed either
with the return of the estate to the old qualified fee on which the estate tail was engrafted, or with the conversion of the es-
tate'into a fee simple. And the design of the act in stating that the party seized of the entail should become seized of the fee, was to explain the character of the abolition, viz. its conversion into a fee, and not to limit it so as to exclude expec-
tancies and incorporeal hereditaments. 4th. The seizin designed in that clause of the act was such
as is sufficient to cast the descent in the particular case. 5th. A vested remainder in tail, acquired by devise (which
is a purchase), is descendible ; the owner thereof having such
a seizin as will make him the slirps or stock of descent. Ld. Raym. 728; Jacob, tit. Purchase; Cro. Eliz. 431; 1 T. R. 404, 634; 2 Bl. Com. 241; Ratcliffe's case, 3 Rep. 42.
6th. The seizin, to cast the descent even of a fee, need not
be an actual corporeal'possession of the freehold; and to cast a descent of an estate tail acquired by devise from the tenant
as the stock of descent, it is sufficient that such tenant is in
esse and the estate vested in him, eyen if it be an expectancy or an incorporeal hereditament. Doe v. Hutton, 3 Bos. & Pull. 648 ; Cruise, tit. 29, ch. 4, §§ 15, 16, -17 ; Co. Litt. 52 b ; 3 Jac. Law. Diet. 92; Dyer, 141 ; 1 Rev. Statutes, 751, § 5; 1 Rev. Laws, 527; § 33; 2 Chit. Pl. 568, Springfield ed. 1833; 3 Chit. P1. 1331; Com. Dig., Pleader,c. 35, 6; Jac. Law Dict.,
tit. Seizin; also tit. Remainderand Reversion; Throtsby v. Ad-
arns, Plowd. 191, 921; Wade v. Bache, 1 Saund. 149; Alton Wood's case, 1 Rep. 27 b; Theobald v. Tindal, 3 Went. Pl. 502,503; Clare v. Brooke, 2 Plow. 443 ; Hearne's Pleader, 837;
Modern Entries, 201; Leyman v. Abeel, 16 Johns. 31; Jackson v. Hendricks, 3 Johns. Cas. 214; Bates v. Schroeder, 13 Johns. 260 ; Jackson v. Hilton, 16 Johns. 96; Doe v. Provost, 4 Johns. 61; Burnet. Denniston, 5 Johns. Ch. 35; 2 Johns. 288; Vanderheyden v. Crandall, 2 Denio, 9; Van Rensselaer v. Poucher, 5 Denio, 35, affirmed by the Court of Appeals) New York, MSS.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

315

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

7th. A remainder in tail, which may be inherited or holden, is a tenement or hereditament, and is embraced within the language of the first section 'of the act of 1786. Cruise, tit. 2, ch.
1, § S.
1Il. John J. Van Rensselaer, upon the death of the testator,
became seized of a freehold estate for life in the premises in question, as well in the rents as in the lands not demised ; and, upon the birth of his first-born son, had an expectancy in fee, as presumptive heir of his said first-born son.
IV. John J. Van Rensselaer, being seized of and entitled to the said premises, did on the 4th of March, 1794, in and by articles of agreement, for a full pecuniary consideration, covenant with Daniel Penfield to convey to him the said premises in fee simple, with the full and absolute enjoyment thereof, free from all encumbrances and charges, other than leases of himself and ancestors.
V. John J. Van Rensselaer, being so seized, did on the 31st of December, 1794, and the 1st of January, 1795, by lease and
release, for a full pecuniary consideration, sell and convey the said lands to the said Daniel Penfield in fee simple, habendum to the said Daniel Penfield, his heirs and assigns for ever, as fully as he, the said John J. Van Rensselaer, then enjoyed, or theretofore had enjoyed the same; that is to say, whether the ownership embraced the land itself in possession or reversion.
or an incorporeal right ifi the land, such as rent reserved. VI. The first-born son of John J, Van Rensselaer having
been at his birth vested with an estate in fee simple in expectancy in said rents and lands not leased in virtue of the devise and the act of 1786, upon his death without issue, said rents and lands descended from him in fee to his father. N. Y. Stat.
VII. John Watts, as the grantee of Daniel Penfield, with covenants for the title in fee, being at the time of the death of the first-born son seized in his demesne of a freehold life estate, under and by virtue of the aforesaid conveyance by lease and release from John J. Van Rensselaer, the estate in fee
simple in the premises so descended to the said John J. Van Rensselaer enured to the 'benefit of the said John Watts, and by his will subsequently vested in his devisees. 2 Hill. Abr.
401 ; Sweet v. Green, 1 Paige, 473,476: Stow v Wise, 7 Cow. 214; Astor's case, 4 Peters, 85.
VIII. John J. Van Rensselaer and his heirs at law, oi whom the plaintiff is one, by his aforesaid conveyance to Daniel Penfield were and are estopped in law from claiming any right
and interest in the premises. 1. The covenant in the deed of 1795 amounts to a stipu-
lation and guaranty, that the grantee should quietly enjoy the

SUPREME COURT.
Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.
entire fee in the property conveyed, viz. in the land, where he owned the land itself, and in the incorporeal hereditaments, viz. the rents and reversions, where the lands had beep leased.
2. The description in the habendum clause of said lease was not intended to qualify or affect the quantity of estate, but the subject-matter, and to confine and apply it as well to rents and reversionary interests, where there had been leases, as to lands not having been leased. 2 Hill. Abr. 350, and references.
3. 'The articles of agreement show a fee was intended, and not such an interest as he might chance to have. 2 Hill. Abr. 341; 2 Atk. 645; 6 Har. &Johns. 460; Jones v. Gardner, 10 Johns. 266.
4. The covenants in said deed, so construed, not only harmonize with the said description in the habendurn clause, as above explained, but also with the intent manifested in the said articles of agreement, and are thus rendered operative. 2 Bl. 107, 108; Jones v. Gardner, 10 Johns. 266.
5. The covenant in the deed, being in fee between the parties and their heirs, that the land is free from encumbrances, except leases, &c., specified, is broken, if there be any other outstanding encumbrances; and an estate in expectancy oustanding is an encumbrance upon the land and the seizin thereof. Prescot v. Freeman, 4 Mass. 627; 14 Viner's Abr. 352, tit. Encumbrance, A.; Sngden, 527, § 9, IT.; Jacrsbn v. Parker, 9 Cow. 86; Lovell v. Luttrel, Savile, 74.
6. The said John J. Van Rensselaer, by the whole context of the said deed and the said articles of agreement taken in'parimateria, held himself out to the purchaser as a fee simple, owner, and having at the time an expectancy in fee as presumptive her, is estopped from claiming the title which efterwardr d(escends upon him as such heir. Mason v. Muncaster, 9 Wheat. 445; Jackson v. Bull, 1 Johns. Cas. 81; Jackson v. Murray, 12 Johns. 201; Fisher v. Newland, 21 Wend. 94; Jackson v. Stevens, 13 Johos. 319; Noel v. Barclay, 3 Simnons; Fairbanks v. Williamson, 7 Greenleaf, 97; Helps v. Hereford, 2 Barn. & Ald. 242; Rees v. Lloyd, Wightw. 123; McWilliams v. Nasby, 2 Serg. & Rawle, 512; Goodtitle v. Morse, 3 T. R. 365; Carver v. Jackson, 4 Pet. 89, 90; Bensly v. Burdon, 2 Sim. & Stu. 519; 1 Rev. Laws N. Y., p. 74, § 5; 1-GreenleaPs Ev. §§ 22. 24, 207, 210; 8 Wend. 483; 4 Wend. 619; 1 Rev. Stat. N. 1. p. 739, §§ 143, 145. . IY. Assuming that John J. Van Rensselaer, the granason,
took an estate tail under the will, the same was, by the rule in Shelly's case, at once, upon the death of the testator, turned into a fee by the act of 1786, and the fee passed directly by his deed to Penfield.
X. Where there is any doibt or difficulty, the construction

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

317

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

should be favorable to the grantee. Jackson v. Gardner, 8 Johns. 391.

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court. This is ar appeal from a decree of the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York. John Van Rensselaer, being seized in fee of a large tract of
land in the county of Columbia, State of New York, made and published his last will and testament on the 25th of May, 1782, by which he devised the same to John J. Van Rensselaer, his grandson, for and during his natural life; and from and after his decease, to the first son of the body of the said John J. lawfully begotten, and to the heirs male of his body;
and, in default of such issue, then to the'second, third, and every other son of the said John J., successively, and, in remainder, the one after the other, as they shall be in seniority of birth, and the several and respective heirs male of the first, second, third; and other son or sons; the eldest of such sons, and the heirs male of his body, being always preferred.
The testator died in 1783, leaving John J., the grandson, surviving, who entered into the possession, and enjoyment of
the estate. John J. had five children, John, the first-born, whose birth was in 1791, Jeremiah, the present complainant, Cornelius, and Glen, and a daughter, Catherine G.
By an act of the legislature of the State of New York, passed
23d February, 1786, it was enacted as follows: "That all estates tail shall be, and hereby are, abolished; and that, in all
cases where-any person or persons now is' or, if the act hereinafter mentioned and repealed [referring to an act passed 12th Jply, 1782J had not been passed, would now'be, seized in fee tail of any lands, tenements, or hereditamenits, such person and persons shall be deemed to be seized of the same in fee simple absolute; and further, that, in all cases where any person or persons would, if the said act and this present act had
not been passed, at any time hereafter become seized in fee tail of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by virtue of any
devise,- gift, grant, or other conveyance heretofore made, or
hereafter to be made, or by any other means whatsoever, such person or persons, instead of becoming seized thereof in fee tail, shall be deemed and adjudged to become seized thereof in fee simple absolute." 3 Rev. Stat. N. Y., 1st ed., App. 48; 1 Rev. Laws, 1813, p. 52.
As we have already stated, John, the first-born son of John
J., the grandson, was born in 1791, and he died without issue in 1813, while the life estate was running, his father having
survived until 1828. 270

918

SUPREME COURT.

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et a].

On the birth of John, the first-born, his remainder as the first tenant in fee tail, whi6h was before contingent, became vested in interest, and he was thereafter seized of an estate tail in re-
mainder, the vesting in possession being dependent upon the terrination of the life estate.
The interest in the estate in remainder in which they vested immediately on his birth carried with it a fixed right of future enjoyment in possession, the instant the life estate terminated.
The question upon this branch of the case is, whether or not the estate in fee tail in remainder thus acquired under the will
of John Van Rensselaer was converted into a fee simple abso-
lute in John, the first-born son of John J., by the operation of the act of 1786, abolishing entails.
Th6 act provides, that if any person shall thereafter "become seized in fee tail of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by virtue of any devise," &c., he shall be deemed to have becowe
seized in fee simple absolute, It is admitted fhat John, the first-born, took a vested remain-
der in "fee tail under the will, the instant he came into being, and that he was seized of an estate in remainder in the premises in question; but it is insisted that this is not the character of the estate described in the statute, and which is there turned into a fee simple; that, in order to bring the case within it, the tenant in tail in remainder must be vested in possession, as well as in interest, and without which he cannot be said to be seized of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and, as John died during the running of the lif estite, and therefore was never seized in possession, the fee simple did not vest in him under the statute; but was postponed to the next tenant in tail, the second son, Jeremiah, who is the complainanf in the suit.
We do not propose to enter into ai examination of this question, and which involves the true construction of the act of 1786 ; as that act has been several times before the courts of New York, and 'its construction settled by the highest au-
thority in that State. (Vanderheyden v- Crandall, 2 Denio, 9; S. C. on appeal, 1 Comstock, 491; Van Ransselaer v. Poucher, 5 Denio, 35.)
One-of the cases arose under the will before,, and involved -the question as to the effect of the act upon the estate'of John,
the first-born tenant in tail, the same as here. The construction of the act as given in these cases must
form the rule of decision upon the question, according to the established course of proceeding in this court. (12 Wheat. 167, 168; 6 Peters, 291; 7 How. 81I; 8 How. 558, 559.)
In the case in the Court of Appeals in New York, DMr. Justice
Bronson, who delivered the judgment of the court, observed

DECEMBER' TERM, 1850.

319

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

that "it is true the statute speaks of a person seized of lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and, in general, seizure of lands, means actual possession of them. But, taken in their connection, the. words evidently mean seizin of an estate in lands.
The legislature began by speaking of estates tail; that was the subject in hand; those estates were to be turned into estates of a different tenure or quality; and the law-makers must be un-
derstood as speaking of the same thing in the latter part of the clause'-which they had mentioned in the first."
He observes, "As I read the statute, the'provision is, that all estates tail shall be abolished; and where any person now is seized of an estate in fee tail on any lands, &c., such person shall be deemed to be seized of the same (to wit, an estate in
the lands) in fee simple." He further remarks, "The third section, which regulates de-
scents, like the first, which abolishes entails, speaks of a person .seized of lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and I think the word Iseizin' was used in the same -sense in both sections. Qne who has a vested remainder in fee simple expectant on the determination of a present freehold estate has such a seizin in law, when the estate was acquired by purchase, as will constitute him a stirps or stock of descent-under the third section.
And the person who has a vested remainder in fee tail, acquired in the same way, has such a' seizin in law as brings his case within the operation of the first section. His remainder in fee tail is turned into a remainder. in fee simple. The first section brings the case under the inflhence of the third. And
the estate no longer follows the will of the donor, but is governed by the gdneral law of descents."
This being regarded as the true construction of the act of 1786, it follows that John, the first-born son of John J., took an estate in fee simple absolute in remainder in the premises; and that on his death, in .1813, it descended, according to the law of New York, to his father, the life tenant; and the two
estates being thus united in him, he became vested with the whole estate in fee simple absolute.
Th complainant, therefore, has failed to make out any estate in the premises under the will of 'John Van Rensselaer. And can claim title only through his father, John J., as one of the
heirs of his estate. The tract of land in question embraces between thirty-three
and thirty-four thousand acres, and on the 1st of January, 1795, John J., the life tenant, sold and conveyed the same in fee to Daniel Penfield, for the consideration of $ 44,550.
It is more than probable it was the opinion of the profession
in New York, at the date of this conveyance, that John J., the

320

SUPREME COURT.

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

grandson, took an estate in fee tail under the will of his graidfather, within the rule in Shelley's case, which the act of 1786 had turned into a fee simple absolute; and that the purchase
was made under the belief that he was competent to convey the fee.
It is admitted, however, that this construction, which may have been given at the time, was a mistaken one; and that he took only an.estate for life, which terminated on his death, the 26th of September, 1828. At that time, we have seen, hewas seized of the whole estate in fee in consequence of the death of his eldest son, the first-born tenant in fee tail in 1813, and which descended to his four children, three sons and a daughter, as tenants incommon, of whom the complainant is one, unless they are estopped from setting up the title by the deed of the 1st of January, 1795, to Penfield, under whom the defendants hold.
On the part of the coinplainant, it is insisted that the conveyance is a deed of bargain and sale, and quitclaim, without
any covenants of title or warranty, and therefore could operate to pass only the estate for life of which the grantor was then seized; that it contains no appropriate words, when taken together, by force of which the subsequently acquired title enured
to the benefit of the grantee, or those claiming under him, or that can estop the heirs from denying that he had any greater estate than the tenancy for life; and that the deed purports on its face to grant and convey simply the right, title, and interest which the grantor possessed in the premises at the time, and nothing more; that the. only covenant is a covenant against.
encumbrances, which affords indemnity against any liens or charges upon. tlie estate conveyed, but which cdnnot -be regarded as warranting the title; and that this express covenant takes away all implied ones.
This is the substance of the argument on the part of the appellant.
By the covenant against encumbrances, the grantor, for him-
self and his heirs, covehants and agrees to and with the grantee and -his heirs and assignees, that the tract of land conveyed, excepting parts previously sold in fee by his ancestor, John Van Rensselaer, and by himself; also, lands leased to Robert
Van Rensselaer, a lot of woodland to be conveyed by the grantee to H. J. Van Rensselaer, a tract lying in the city of Hudson, and a farm in the possession of Mrs. Moore,-with the exception of these several. parcels, the grantor covenants
that the tract conveyed is freq and dlear, and shall be held and enjoyed by the grantee, his hieirs akid assigns, according to the true intent ard meaning of these presents, freely and clearly

DECEMBER TERM, 1850

321

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

acquitted and discharged of and from all encumbrances and charges other than leases heretofore given by the said grantor
and his ancestors. This cov enant, it will be seen, excepts out of the indemnity,
in express terms, parcels of land previously granted out of the tract, in fee simple, and the title to which was outstanding in third persons; and also the leases which had been given in fee, or for the lives of the lessees, on which rents had been re-
served, and which leases were to be transferred to the grantee as rents and profits belonging to the estate, and which he was
to enjoy. The draughtsman seems to have supposed that the outstand-
ing. titles in fee in these several tracts, and also the leases in
fee and for li;es previously granted, and above referred to, would have been embraced within the covenant, unless expressly excepted out of it, and that they might be regarded as an encumbrance upon the estate which the deed purported to convey, and consequently a breach of this covenant against encumbrances. This is the natural, if not the necessary, implication from the structure of the covenant; for, otherwise, the exceptions are without meaning.
And, by parity of reasoning, the implication is.equally strong, that the covenant embraced, and was intended to embrace, and secure to the grantee and his heirs, the wh6le of the interest and estate in the tract which the deed purports to convey, saving, and excepting only the parcels and portions of the title thus enumerated and taken out of it; and hence, if any outstanding title existed not enumerated and excepted, there
would be grounds for alleging a breach of the covenant, and for clainming that the grantee, his heirs or assigns, were entitled to an action to recover ihidemnity for such diminutign of the
estate.
This result would seem almost necessorily to follow from the nature and structure of the covenant, unless we regard it as inserted mainly for the benefit of the grantor, to enable him to make the exceptions. For it is but reasonable to presume that the draughtsman, in making the exceptions, did not stop short in the enumeration of the parts and portions of the estate and title intended to be saved from its operation; or that he omitted any right or interest not intended to pass by the conveyance. And hence the reasonableness of the implication, that
every part of the estate and interest in the same that the deed purported to convey was intended to be embraced, within the
covenant not included within the exception. These several rights and interests had already been excepted
out of the granting clause in the deed, and hence the excep-

322

SUPREME. COURT.

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

tion in this part of the instrument was not necessary for this purpose. The exception here related exclusively to the covenant of enjoyment of the premises free from all encumbrances;
andwas intended as a saving from its scope and obligation. There is much force, therefore, in the argument, that this
covenant, from its peculiar phraseology and structure, was intended as something more than a simple covenant against
encumbrances and charges upon the estate; and that it was intended by the parties as a covenant of the title which the deed purported to convey, and if so, thi%of itself would operate upon the estate subsequently acquired by the grantor, so that it would, as against him and all persons claiming under him, enure to the benefit of the grantee, his heirs and assigns.
But independently of this view, and of any covenants of title, in the technical sense of the term, in the deed of 1st January, 1795, we are of opinion that the complainant is estopped from denying that John J. Van Rensselaer, the grantor, was seized of an estate in fee simple at the date of that deed, the grounds of which opinion we will now proceed to state.
The general principle is admitted, that a grantor, conveying by deed of bargain and sale, by way, of release or quitclaim
of all his right and title to a tract of land, if made in good faith, and without any fraudulent representations, is not responsible for the goodness of the title beyond the covenants in his deed. (7 How. 159; 2 Sugden on Vendors, ch. 12, § 2, p. 421; 2 Kent's Comm. 473; 4 Ib. 471, note; 1 Cow. 616; 9 Cow. 1; 4 Wend. 622; 7 Conn. 256; 11 Wend. 110; S. C. 13 Wend. 78; 12 Pick. 78; 1 Rev. Stat. N. Y. 739, §§ 143, 145;
15 Pick. 23; .14 Johns. 193.) A deed of this character purports to convey, and is under-
stood to convey, nothing more than the interest or estate of which the grantor is seized or possessed at the time; and does
not operate to pass or bind an interest not then in existence. T!e bargain between the parties proceeds upon this view; and the consideration is regulated in conformity with it. If other-
wise, and the vendee has contracted for a particular estate, or for an estate in fee, he must take the precaution to secure him-
self by the proper covenants of title. But this'principle is applicable to a deed of bargain and sale
by release or quitclaim, in the strict and proper sense of that species of conveyance. And therefore, if the deed bears on its face evidence that the grantors intended to convey, and the grantee expected to become invested with, an estate of a par-
ticular description or quality, and that the bargain had proceeded upon that footing between the parties, then, although it may not contain any covenants of title in thd technical sense of the

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

323

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

term, still the legal operation and effect of the instrument will be as binding upon the grantor and those claiming under him, in respect to the estate thus described, as if a formal covenant to that effect had been inserted; at least, so far as to estop them from ever afterwards denying that he was seized of the particular estate at the time of the conveyance.
The authorities are very full on -this subject. Goodtifle v, Bailey, Cowp. 601; Bensley v. Burdon, 2 Sim. & Stu. 524; S. C., 5 Russell, 330 ; 2 Barn. & Ad. 278, where this case is referred
to ; Doe ex dem. Marchant v. Ewington, 8 Scott, 210; Rees v. Lloyd, Wightwick, 129; Bowman v. Taylor, 2 Ad. & Ellis, 278; Lainson v. Tremere, 1 Ib. 79 .; Stonev. Wise, 7 Conn. 214; Peilrose v. Griffith, 5 Binney, 231; Denn v. Cornell, 3 Johns. Cas. 174; 8 Cow. 586; Carver v. Jackson ex dem. Astor, 4
Peters, 1; 7 Greenl. 96; 4 Kent's Com. 271, note; 1 Smith's Leading Cases, p. 450, note to the Duchess of Kingston's case.
In the case of Bensley v. Burdon, the party granting the estate recited that' he was entitled to a remainder in fee, expectant upon the determination of the life estate of his father, in certain premises therein described. In point of fact, he had no interest in the premises at the time; but became vested with an estate for life in a part of them some two years afterwards, under the will of his father, and soon after conveyed this inter-
est to the defendant. The Vice-Chancellor held, that the grantor having averred in
the deed that he was seized of a remainder in fee, expectant on the death of his father, he was estopped from setting up, that,
at the time of the grant, he was not duly seized of the estate according to the averment; that the estoppel run with the land, and bound not only the grantor, but all claiming under him; and that the defendant was, therefore, equally estopped from
denying the title.
There was an appeal in this case to the Lord Chancellor, and his decision is referred to as reported in 5 Russell, 330;
but there is an error in the reference, and I have not been able
to find it.
But in Right ex dem. Jefferys v. Bucknell (2 Barn. & Ad. 281), Lord Tenterden refers to the case, and says that the judgment of the Vice-Chancellor was affirmed" and that the Chancellor
put his decision on the ground, that the recital of the interest of the grantor in the premises was an averment of a particular fact, by which the defendant was concluded.
And in the case of Doe ex dem. Marchant v. Ewington, which was an action of ejectment to recover possession of a set of chambers in Lincoln's In, it appeared that one Boileau, having been admitted by the Benchers of the society, the owners

324

SUPREME COURT.

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

.of the feet to the chambers for life, had granted the same to the lessor of the plaintiff in trust to secure an annuity, reciting in the deed that he was well entitled to an estate for life in the chambers.
Afterwards Boileau, by an arrangement with the defendant, surrendered to him the possession of the chambers, who contin-
ued to occupy them at the time of the commencement of the suit, which was brought in consequence of the annuity b6ing in arrear.
By the regulations of the society, it appeared that, in order to surrender possession,.the person last admitted must present ,a petition to the Masters of the Bench for permission to surrender, first paying all his arrear of dues; and the person who is to succeed must also present a petition to be admitted; and thereupon, if consent be given, then an order is entered that
the person admitted may have leave to surrender, and the person who is to succeed may be admitted on paying the fine and fees. And that it is in the discretion of the masters, for the * time being, to make such orders for the admission to or exclusion from chambers in the Inn as they may think fit.
The lessor of the plaintiff sought to recover on the ground
that Boileau was estopped from denying that he was seized of an estate for life in the chambers by the recital in his conveyance; and that the defendant coming in under him was equal-
ly estopped. Tindall, C. J., in giving judgment, observed, that the case had
very properly been arguedion the ground of estoppel; for if it were a question of title, the lessor of the plaintiff would clearly be out of court. That he must claim under the estoppel created by the recital in the deed of conveyance. He admit-
ted that Boileau was bound by the recital; and the defendant also, if in privity of estate; that, according to the old authorities, he must either come in the per or the post, that is, he must claim from, through, or under the party. That the defendant did not claim under Boileau, but under the trustees of the society of Lincoln's Inn, and therefore was not estopped from
denying the title. Coltman, J. observed that, as between Boileau and the lessor
of the plaintiff, the former might be estopped from denying that
he had the estate he represented by his deed; but that, to enable the plaintiff to succeed, it was necessary for him to show
that the defendant claimed through or under Boileau, so that the estoppel should affect him.
In the case of Bowman v. Taylor, 'Lord Denman, C. J. observed, that, "as to the doctrine laid down in Co. Litt. 352 b,
that a recital dotlh not conclude, because it is no direct affirma-

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

826

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

tion, the authority of Lord Coke is a very great one; but still,

if a party has by his deed recited a specific fact, though intro-

duced by a 9whereas,' it seems to me impossible to say that

he shall not be bound by his own assertion so made under

seal."

And Tiiunton, J. remarked, in the same case, that the law of

estoppel is not so unjust or absurd as it has been too much the

custom to represent. The principle is, that, where a man has

entered into a solemn engagement by deed under his hand and

seal as to certain facts, he shall not be permitted to deny an-

matter which he has so asserted.

In the case of Fairbanks v. Williamson, there was no cove-

nant of title in the deed, which was in fee; 'but the grantor

covenanted that neither himself, his heirs, or assigns would

ever make any claim to the premises. The court held that

this operated as an estoppel, not only upon him, but upon all

claiming under him, from setting up an after-acquired title

to the land against the grantee or those in privity with

him.

In Jackson ex dem. Munroe v. Parkhurst et al. (9 Wend.

209), the recovery was placed altogether on the ground of es-

toppel, the defendant holding under the grantor of the deed in

which the title was recited. And in Right ex dem. Jefferys v.

"Bucknell, where the recital in the deed was, that the grantor was legally or equitablj entitled to an estate in fee in the prem-

ises, the court refused to bind the party coming in under him

as a purchaser for a valuable consideration of the after-acquired

title, solly on the ground that there was no certain and pre-

cise estate set forth in the recital.

The principle deducible from these authorities seems to be,

that, whatever may be the form or nature of the conveyance

used to pass real property, if the grantor sets forth on the face of the instrument, by way of recital or averment, that he is

seized or possessed of a particiilar estate in the premises, and

,,which estate the deed purports to convey; or, what is the

same thing, if the seizin or possession of a particular estate is

affirmed in the deed, either in express terms or by necessary

implication, the grantor and all persons in privity with him shall be estopped from ever afterwards denying that he was so

seized and possessed at the time he made the conveyance. The estoppel works upon the estate, and binds an after-ae-

quired title as bLtween parties and privies.

The reason is, that the estate thus affirmed to be in the

party at the time of the conveyance must necessarily have in-

fluenced the grantee in making the purchase, and hence the grantor and those in privity with him, in gocd faith and fair

VOL. Xi.

28

326

SUPREME COURT.

Van Rensselaer v.Kearney et al.

dealing, should be for ever thereafter precluded from gainsay.
ing it. The doctrine is founded, when properly applied, upon the
highest principles of m6rality, and recommends itsell to the common sense and justice of every one. And although it
debars the truth in the particular case, and therefore is not unfrequently characterized as odious, and not to be favored, still it should be remembered that it debars it only in the case
where its utterance woul4 convict the party of a previous falsehood; Would be the denial of a previous affirmation upon the faith of which persons had dealt, and pledged their credit or expended their money.
It is a doctrine, therefore, when properLy understood and applied, that concludes the truth in order to prevent fraud and falsehood, and imposes silence on a party only when in conscience and honesty he should not be allowed to speak.
Now, applying this doctrine to the case in hand, our next inquiry will be, whether or not John J. Van Rensselaer affirmed, in his deed of January 1, 1795, to Penfield, that he was seized of an estate in fee in the prerpises, and whether the deed purports on its face to convey an estate of that description.
As to the question involved in the latter branch of the inquiry, we need only refer to the words of the grant to determine it. The deed is of all the rights title, and intenest of the grantor in the tract of land to Penfield, his heirs and assigns for ever, terms that would have passed an estate in fee, if John J. had been seized of it at the time of the conveyance.
The most important question arises upon the other branch of the inquiry. Has the grantor affirmed on the face of the
deed that he was seized of this particular estate in the premises at the time he made the grant?
The argument. on the part of the complainant is, that, although the granting words of the deed are broad and compreheisive, - such as, "have granted, bargained, sold, aliened, enfeoffed, assured, released, and confirmed, and by these presents do grant, bargain, sell, alien, enfeoff, assure, release, and confirm unto the said Daniel Penfield," "and to his heirs and assigns for ever,'all and singular the aforesaid tract of land,"
&c., "and also all leases of and concerning any part or parts of the said granted premises; and also all the estate, right, title, interest, property, possession, claim, and demand of them, the said John J. Van Rensselaer and Catherine, his wife, in the same,"- yet the grant is qualified by the Iabendum clause, - "to have and to hold the said tract of land so desQribed,
and so butted .and bounded as above recited, &c., unto the said Daniel Penfield, his heirs and assigns, to the only proper

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

327

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

use and behoof of the said Daniel Penfield, his heirs and assigns for ever, in as full and ample a manner as the said John J.Van Rensselaer now hath and enjoyeth the same, and in as full and ample a manner as the same hath heretofore been had and enjoyed by the said John J.Van Rensselaer, or lawfully might, if these presents were not made, be had, used, occupied, or enjoyed by him, his heirs or assigns."
This latter clause, it is supposed, restricts and qualifies the general words in the grant, and confines the effect and opera-
tion of the deed to the conveyance of such an estate as the grantor was seized and possessed of at the time; and, as this was an estate for life with remainder over, it operated, and
was intended to operate, to convey only this estate. Were there nothing else in the case, there might be muich
difficulty in furnishing a satisfactory answer to this view, although no one, we think, can read the deed without being strongly impressed with the conviction, that both parties supposed they were dealing with the fee, and that the bargain
was made upon that understanding.
But, in order fully to comprehend and interpret this qualifying clause in the habendun, it is material to look into the nature and condition of the title at the time, and the mode of enjoying the estate, and also into the evidences of the title
which were turned over to the purchaser at the execution of the contract, all of which appear in the deed and articles of agreement therein recited and referred to.
As we have already said, in another branch of the case, a part of the tract had been previously conveyed in fee, and amongst others by the grantor himself, and which is excepted from the grant. Much the larger part was at the time in the occupation of tenants under leases in fee, or for the lives of the lessees, with rents reserved, made, amongst others, also by John J., which leases were transferred to Penfield as muniments of thd title. Tlie articles of agreement provided for the transfer of these leases,.and the deed itself in terms embraces them
in the granting clause.
In the 'articles of agreement, also, Penfield is required to covenant that he will execute leases, according to the terms and conditions upon which they had been usually granted, of certain portions of the tract to several persons therein named; and which leases, as we have seen, according to the custom of
granting, were to be made in fee, or for the lives of the lessees. The deed also contains the recital of a mortgage in fee upon the estate, given by John J., the 11th August, 1791, to Schuyler, for securing the payment of $ 7,750, which Penfield was to
discharge out of the purchase-money.

328

SUPREME COURT.

Van Rensselaer v. Kearney et al.

Now all these instruments affecting the title, and showing the tenure and conditions by and under which the estate was
held and enjoyed; are. particularly referred to in the articles, and in the deed of conveyance, and are thus virtually incorporated into the same; and were so for the purpose of describing with greater precision the nature and condition. of the title, and of the rights and interests of the grantor in the tract conveyed. And looking at them, and at the. right and title therein as-
serted and affirmed, aud upon the faith of which the purchase was made and the deed taken, we shall be enabled to compre-
hend and give proper application to the words in the habendum; namely, that the grantee, his heirs and assigns, shall hold in as full and ample a manner as the same is possessed, occupied, and enjoyed by the grantor, or as might be possessed and enjoyed by him, his heirs and assigns, if these presents had not
been made. Admit that the clause refers to the title and estate possessed
by the grantor, as well as to the premises described, what title and estate? Manifestly that which is evidenced by the muni-
ments of title before referred-to, and particularly identified and described in the granting clause of the deed, a title evidenced by leses in fee with rent'reserved, made by John J. and his ancestors, and which passed to the grantee as securing the rents and profits issuing out of and belonging to the .estate
conveyed. These leases characterize the title to the tract sold, and afford'
evidence that cannot be mistaken of the estate intended to be conveyed, and it was the enjoyment of this estate and interest in -the premises, in the. manner and way in which the grantor
had used, occupied, and enjoyed the same, to which the habezzdum clause refers. This affords a full explanation of its object and meaning.
The reference to these leases, and virtual incorporation of them into the deed, and transfdr as muniments of the title,
especially those made by John J. himself, together with the mortgage in fee to Schuyler which was to be raised out of the purchase-money, and the covenants required of Penfield to
grant similar leases to certain persons named, all clearly import, on the face of the instrument, an assertion, or affirmation on the part of the grantor, that he was seized of a title that enabled him to make the leases and mortgage, and that would also enable Penfield to grant similar leases, namely, leases in. fee; and which brings the case directly within the principle of law already stated, that estops him, and those coming in under
him, from denying that he was so seized. The estoppel works upon the estate, and passes with it, and,

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

329

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

binds the title subsequently acquired by the death of his eldestson, the first-born tenant in tail.
We are satisfied, therefore, after the fullest consideration of the case, that the decree of the court below is right, and should be affirmed.
Order.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New-York, and was argued by counsel. On
consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs.

JOHN DEN, LESSEE OF POLLY WEATHERHEAD, PLAINTIFF IN-ERROR, V.
JOHN BASKERVILLE, JOHN WHITE, JOHN PARKER, PETER HAYNES,
WILLIAM STEWART, NANCY STEWART, NELSON B. TURNER, JA-
COB GALLASPIE, PETER BRYSON, BENAxIN PARRISH, WILLIAM
JOHNSON, REUBEN D. BROWN, THOMAS SAUNDERS, RICHARD NVINN, THO,%rAs STONE, BEVERLY HEAD, DAviD CHENAULT, IV. W. WEATHERHEAD, JOHN WEATHERHEAD, GEORGE T. BROWN, B. F. SHARP,
AND FRANCIS ROGAN.
Where a will contained the follow"ing expressions: "my estate to be equally divided amongstmy children," and also, mylands and sla'es to be equally divided amongst my children"; and had in it also the following clause: " to each of my daughters a small tract of land," - the last clause must be rejected as void and inoperative, an4 cannot be used for the purpose of showing such au ambiguity as would let in extrinsic testimony to explain the intentions of the testator.
When such testimony is introduced, it must be of facts unconnected with any general declaration or wishes expressed by a testator for the disposition of his property. In the present case, the testimony offered purported to express those wishes, and was therefore inadmissible.
Where the Circuit Court instructed the jury that they might consider the acts of one of the daughters and her husband, in acquiescing in a partition, and in receiving "a small tract of land," as a recognition of the true construction of the will to be, that the daughters were not entitled to an equal share, the acts of partition being accompanied by long adverse possession, say thirty or forty years, this instruction was erroneous.' The daughter was a minor when she married, and continued covert until within a short time before .she brought the suit. No presumption, arising from her acts, could therefore be made against her.
And a recognition by her, when freed from coverture, of a sale which she had made in conjunction with her husband, amounted to no more than a ratification of that particular sale.
So, also, an instruction was erroneous, that the jury might presume from the evidence that there had been a legal partition of the testator's laud in respect to his daughters, by order of a court, when the executor assigned to them certain parts of it. By .the laws of the State where the lands were, such a partition was a judicial act, and became a record.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

329

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

binds the title subsequently acquired by the death of his eldestson, the first-born tenant in tail.
We are satisfied, therefore, after the fullest consideration of the case, that the decree of the court below is right, and should be affirmed.
Order.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New-York, and was argued by counsel. On
consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs.

JOHN DEN, LESSEE OF POLLY WEATHERHEAD, PLAINTIFF IN-ERROR, V.
JOHN BASKERVILLE, JOHN WHITE, JOHN PARKER, PETER HAYNES,
WILLIAM STEWART, NANCY STEWART, NELSON B. TURNER, JA-
COB GALLASPIE, PETER BRYSON, BENAxIN PARRISH, WILLIAM
JOHNSON, REUBEN D. BROWN, THOMAS SAUNDERS, RICHARD NVINN, THO,%rAs STONE, BEVERLY HEAD, DAviD CHENAULT, IV. W. WEATHERHEAD, JOHN WEATHERHEAD, GEORGE T. BROWN, B. F. SHARP,
AND FRANCIS ROGAN.
Where a will contained the follow"ing expressions: "my estate to be equally divided amongstmy children," and also, mylands and sla'es to be equally divided amongst my children"; and had in it also the following clause: " to each of my daughters a small tract of land," - the last clause must be rejected as void and inoperative, an4 cannot be used for the purpose of showing such au ambiguity as would let in extrinsic testimony to explain the intentions of the testator.
When such testimony is introduced, it must be of facts unconnected with any general declaration or wishes expressed by a testator for the disposition of his property. In the present case, the testimony offered purported to express those wishes, and was therefore inadmissible.
Where the Circuit Court instructed the jury that they might consider the acts of one of the daughters and her husband, in acquiescing in a partition, and in receiving "a small tract of land," as a recognition of the true construction of the will to be, that the daughters were not entitled to an equal share, the acts of partition being accompanied by long adverse possession, say thirty or forty years, this instruction was erroneous.' The daughter was a minor when she married, and continued covert until within a short time before .she brought the suit. No presumption, arising from her acts, could therefore be made against her.
And a recognition by her, when freed from coverture, of a sale which she had made in conjunction with her husband, amounted to no more than a ratification of that particular sale.
So, also, an instruction was erroneous, that the jury might presume from the evidence that there had been a legal partition of the testator's laud in respect to his daughters, by order of a court, when the executor assigned to them certain parts of it. By .the laws of the State where the lands were, such a partition was a judicial act, and became a record.

330

SUPREME COURT.

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville. et al.

The doctrine of presumption As to records, or proving their existence aliunde, explained.
In the present case, the proof is that the partition was not made by the order of a court.

THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from ihe Circuit Ooufl of the United States for the Middle District of Tennessee.
The whole evidence given upon the trial in the Circuit Court was incorporated into the bill of exceptions, which must be inserted in this statement, and the preliminary narrative must therefore be brief. . On the 20th of July, 1788, Anthony Bledsoe was killed by the Indians under circumstances which are minutely detailed in the evidence. The will which was executed by him, whilst in great bodily suffering and surrounded- by an alarmed family, was as follows : -.
"In the name of God, amen. "Being near to death, I make my will as follows: I desire my lands at Kentucky to be sold, likewise.my land on Holston, at the discretion of my executors; my children to be educated in the best manner my estate will permit; my estate to be equally divided amongst my children; to each of my daughters a small tract of land; my wife to keep possession of the four oldest negroes for the maintenance of the family; my lands and slaves to be equally divided among my children. I appoint my brother, Isaac Bledsbe, and Colonel Daniel Smith, executors, with my wife, Mary Bledsoe, executrix. At the decease of my wife, the four above negroes to be equally divided among my children
"ANTHONY BLEDsoE. [SEAL.]
"Signed, sealed, and delivered in the presence of us, this 20th of July, 1788.
"JAMES OLENDENING, THOMrAS MURRAY,
HUGH ROGAN.
"State of North Carolina.- Sumner Gounty Court, October Term, 1788.
"The last will and testament of Anthony Bledsoe, deceased, was produced in open court, and proved by the oath of Thomas Murray and Hugh Rogan, subscribing witnesses thereto. Recorded and examined October 18, 1788."
At this time Bledsoe had ten children, viz.five sons and five daughters. After his. death a posthumous daughter was born. Polly, who 'afterwards rharried Weatherhead, and was the plaintiff in error, was the eighth child.
In 1793, the executor and executrix (and after the death of

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

3a1

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et aL

the executor, the executrix alone) conveyed to three of the daughters each a tract of land, by deeds of which the following is an example:-
"This indenture, made this 3d day of January, A. D. 1793, between Isaac Bledsoe and Mary Parker, executor and executrix of Anthony Bledsoe, deceased, of Sumner County, and territory of the United States, south of the river Ohio, of the one part, and David Shelby, of the county and territory afore-
said, of the other part, witnesseth: That they, said Isaac Bledsoe and Mary Parker, pursuant to the last will and testament of the said decedent, hath given and granted, aliened, enfeoffed, and confirmed, and by these presents doth give, grant,
alien, enfeoff, and confirm, unto the said David Shelby, all that tract or parcel of land situate in the county aforesaid," &c., &c., containing 320 acres of land more or less.
In 1796 the records of the District Court of Mero District, on the equity side thereof, were burned and destroyed. This court had jurisdiction of the partition and division of estates and other matters in equity in the county of Sumndr, where the lands were situated, from the time of m~.king the will until the destruction took place.
In 1799 Polly, being then a minor, married Weatherhead, and immediately thereafter took possessioli of the 320 acres
which were assigned to her. On the 5th of January, 1801, the residue of the land which
remained after giving the daughters 320 acres each was divided amongst the sons, by commissioners appointed by an
order of Sumner County Court. On the 19th of August, 1818, Polly Weatherhead and her
husband sold to her brother, Henry R. Bledsoe, the tract of land which had been assigned to her, and shortly afterwards removed to Mississippi.
In 1843 Mr. Weatherhead died. In October, 1846, Polly Weatherhead brought an action of ejeetment in the Circuit Court of the United States for the
Middle District of Tennessee, against the persons named in the
titling of this report, for the whole tract of 6,280 acres. The defendants appeared, confessed lease, entry, and ouster, and at March term, 1847, the cause came on for trial. Under the charge of the court, which is set out in the bill of exceptions,
the jury found a verdict for the defendants. The following is the bill of exceptions.

UPOLLY WATHERHEAD'S LESSEE v. WILLIAnI BASKERVILLE

AND OTHERS.
"This cause came on to be tried before the honorable John

332

SUPREME COURT.

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

Catron and Morgan W. Drown, judges, and a jury; when, to maintain the issue on her part, the plaintiff introduced in evidence and read a grant to Anthony Bledsoe, for 6,280 acres
of land, from the State of North Carolina, described as is stated in the declaration, and proved that she was one of the eleven children of Anthony Bledsoe, deceased, who died in 178S.
She then offered to read a copy of the will of Anthony Bled"soe, from the records of the County Court of Sumner County,
to the reading of which copy the defendants excepted, but the court admitted the copy as -proper primd facie evidence for
plaintiff.
" And suggesting fraud and mistake in the drawing and ob-
taining the will, and irregularity in the executing or attestation thereof, and insisted that the original will should be produced in..court, and the said original will was produced accordingly;
a copy of which, with the probate thereon, is hereuntq annexed, marked A, and made a part of this bill of exceptions.
"In admitting General Hall's evidence, he stated what Isaac
Bledsoe and his wife had told him was the true will of An-
thony Bledsoe. That is, in substance, that each of the testator's daughters shall have a small tract of land, and that on his (Generai Hall's) repeating the statements of Isaac Bledsoe and
his wife to Rogan, he said that the statement made to General Hall was about what had occurred in substance. Rogan having proved the will in the Sumner County Court in 1788, as
a subscribing witness thereto, the court held that the will, according to the State laws of North Carolina, was prinidfacie
established, and that a copy might be read by the plaintiff; and .which was read accordingly. The court also held, that, to make Rogan's proof valid, it must be presumed by the court and jury that Rogan proved all the necessary facts to consti-
tute a good will to pass lands, the same as if Rogan then had proved the same facts before the jury. -But thbt evidence
might be let in on the trial to contradict what Rogan was presumed to have proved in 1788, before the Sumner County Court when the will was there recorded. It was proved that
Rogan had been dead for many years, and that the other subscribing witnesses were also dead. The copy was offered and
admitted, and General Hall's evidence in opposition to the validity of the will adjudged to be proper, and heard to the extent above stated, in the progress of the trial, afid one day before the original will was produced, on a subprna duces tecunz, issued on the part of the defendants to the officer having the
same in his custody. The defendants, except the two Stuarts, were proved to have
been in possession at the time of bringing this suit. To the

DECEMBER TERMi 1850.

333

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et aL

reading of the original paper writing called the will, or so much thereof as contains the devise of the lands equally among his children, the defendants objected, and the plaintiff then proved tie handwriting of Anthony Bledsoe and of the three subscribing witnesses, and that they were dead. It was also proved by the plaintiff that none of the sons of A. Bledsoe had taken possession of the Greenfield land until after the marriage 'of plaintiff.
"312-s. Shelbyis Evidence.
"It was proved by Mrs. Shelby, that her sister (the plaintiff) had always complained about not getting an equal share of all the lands of her father under the will, and that she returned from Alabama or Mississippi several times, and tried to have suit brought for it.
"Dr. Shelby's Evidence.
"It was proved by Dr. Shelby, that James Weatherhead had come into this country several times about this business, and claimed his wife's eleventh part of the land. There was no proof that this.claim of wife or husband came to the knowledge of defendants, or those under whom they claim.
"l3alone's Evidence.
"It was proved by William Malone, that, about fifteen years ago, a contract was made by the plaintiff, or her husband, with an attorney, to bring suit in this case, but being unable to give
security for a fee of $ 600 then agreed upon, the suit was not
brought and the thing failed; they came to this State several other times on this business, but could never get the suit commenced. It was also proved that James *Weatherhead, the husband of the plaintiff, was an honest man, of good common sense, but deficient in energy and resolution. He was a ' good, easy man,' and died insolvent.

" Hal's Evidence.
"General William Hall was introduced biy the plaintiff. He proved the boundaries of the grant,-dated day of 1787; that he surveyed the land called for in the grant; the number of acres called for in the grant is 6,280, but it held out 250 acres more; that all the defendants were in the possession of the land called for in this grant at the commencement of this action, except the two Stuarts; that the plaintiff. Polly Weatherhead, was a daughter of Colonel Anthony Bledsoe; lie
thinks in 'the fall of the year 1799 she intermarried with James Weatherhead, she then being uider the age of twenty-one

SUPREME COURT.
Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.
years. Being cross-examined by defendants, states that he was well acquainted with Colonel A. Bledsoe, who was killed by the Indians in 1788; that his house stood within about six feet of the house of Colonel Isaac Bledsoe at the time A. Bledsoe was killed by the Indians; Ant. Bledsoe had a fort upon the Greenfield grant; Isaac Bledsoe at Bledsoe's Lick; the Indians had become very troublesome, and Ant. Bledsoe had broke up his fort, and moved into the fort of Colonel Isaac Bledsoe. Upon the night of the 20th of July, 1788, about the hour of midnight, the Indians appxoached the house of Isaac Bledsoe, and lay in ambuscade about forty yards in front of the passage dividing the house, and, with a view of drawing out those in the house, caused a portion of the Indians to ride through a lane rapidly by the house; upon which Anthony Bledsoe and his servant man, Campbell, aiose, and walked into the passage, when A. Bledsoe and Campbell were both shot down. Colonel A. Bledsoe was shot with a large ball, which struck within a half inch of his navel, and passed straight through his body, coming out at his back; and from the great pain and rack of misery he suffered from the time he was shot till his death, he was satisfied his intestines were torn to pieces; he died at sunrise the next morning.
"The witness states that the firing of the Indians aroused him to his gun. He heard great lamentations in the house of Colonel
A. Bledsoe, and he went down to the fort yard to ascertain who was shot;' he was informed that Colonel A. Bledsoe and Campbell were mortally wounded, and some said that preparations were being made for writing his will. He, on consultation with others, concluded to put himself in a condition to resist an anticipated attack from the Indians, and returned to their portholes awaiting the attack, and there remained until about the break of day, when he went into the room where Colonel A. Bledsoe lay; he died about one hour afterwards; he did not hear Colonel A. Bledsoe speak on the subject of the will; he understood that he had made his will. Shortly after the burial of Colonel A. Bledsoe, he was still living in the fort with Colonel Isaac Bledsoe; he conversed with Isaac Bledsoe and his wife, Caty, on the subject of the will, and they both informed him that, shortly after Colonel A. Bledsoe was shot; they knew from the character of the wound that he mtlst shortly die; Caty went to her husband, Isaac Bledsoe, and told him he must see his brother, and suggest to him that he must die, and that some provision should be made for his daughters; for if he should die without a will they would get no land, and the chief of his estate consisted in lands; that this suggestioa was immediately made to Anthony Bledsoe -by Caty Bledsoe,

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

335

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

in the presence of Isaac Bledsoe; and Anthony Bledsoe said to his brother, that if he. would get pen and ink, he would make his will; Isaac Bledsoe said he stepped to the passage
and called Clendening from the other room, and he told Clendening that he must come and write his brother's will; that he himself was so confused and agitated that he could not write it himself; they got a table and placed it near him, and while-
Clendening was writing the caption of the -will, Anthony Bledsoe observed to Isaac Bledsoe that he wanted him and Colonel Daniel Smith and his wife to act as executors and executrix of his will, as he intended -to leave considerable discretion with
him in carrying out his will; Anthony Bledsoe was suffering great pain, and Caty Bledsoe got up behind him in the bed,
and supported him till the will was finished. Isaac Bledsoe said to. Colonel A. Bledsoe, lr. Clendening is ready to write your wi ," how do you want your property disposed of? And Bledsoe stated to Clendening, that he wanted to leave a small tract of land to each of his daughters, at the discretion of his executors, and the balance of his lands to his sons, except his
land on Holston and in Kentucky, and them he wished to be sold to raise and educate his children; and the balance of his property to be equally divided between all his children, except
the four oldest negroes, and them he wished to remain with his wife till her death, and then to be equally divided among his children. He shortly after saw Hugh Rogan, a subscribing witness to the will, who lived within the fort till 1793, and had a
conversation with him in regard to the will of Colonel A. Bled-
soe; and detailed to him what Colonel Isaac Bledsoe and wife Caty had told him about the making of the will, the same that is above specified, and that Hugh Rogan then said it was about what A. Bledsoe said on that occasion, in substance. About the time that Isaac Bledsoe was about to lay off .the land to the four oldest daughters, witness was present, to wit, in 1793; and witness asked him what he considered would be a small tract of land under the will, when Colonel Isaac Bledsoe observed to him that less than 320 acres would not make a
good plantation, and that hn intended to give his own daughters 320 acres each; and that he intended to assign to his brother's daughters 320 acres of the best of the land out of the Greenfield survey, and done so. Three of the deeds, marked Nos. 1, 2,.3, and made part of this bill of exceptions, to wit, to David Shelby, William Neely, and James Clendening, who
had married three daughters, show the land out of the Greenfield tract assigned them. They immediately took possession
of the land, all parties being well pleased. Clendening died on
his in the year 1822, when it descended to his children; Neely

336

SUPREME COURT.

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville qt aL

and Penny continued in possession of theirs till they sold, and their assignees yet remain in possession. Shelby continued in possession of his till his death, in 1822; Mrs. Sally Shelby sold
it, and her assignees continue in possession to this day. Each
of the trdcts contains about 400 acres. " General Hall further stated, that the plaintiff, F olly Weath-
erhead, married James Weatherhead, he thinks, in the fall of the year 1799, and immediately thereafter took possession of their 320 acres assigned them out of the Greenfield
grant. She and husband continued in possession till they
sold it to her brother, Henry R. Bledsoe. Their deed, of the 19th of August, 1818, is here exhibited, marked No. 5,
as part of this bill of exceptions. Shorfly afterwards Weatherhead and wife moved to Mississippi. He never heard her
or him put up any claim to any other portion of the Greenfield tract, in opposition to the right of the boys, 'jenry R.,
Abraham, and Isaac Bledsoe, nor held any talk witn her on the subject. The balance of the grant of the Greenfield tract, in January, 1801, was divided among the boys by the commissioners, as appears by the deed here exhibited, marked No. 7, as part of this bill of exceptions. Isaac Bledsoe took possession, for himself and brothers, of this iand, before, 1801 ; he thinks in 1799, but would not be certain; whether before or after the marriage of plaintiff, cannot say; he thinks the guardians of the boys and girls rented the Greenfield tract out
from 1796, till Isaac Bledsoe took- possession himself, but is not certain; that Abraham Bledsoe continued in possession of the land assigned him till his death, about 1816 or 1817; Hen-
ry R. Bledsoe of his till his death, in 1822; Isaac Bledsoe of his till he sold to David Chenault, the defendant, and John Patterson. The deeds are here exhibited, all of which is ad-
mitted; need not copy them. Since the year 1800, Isaac, Henry R., and Abram Bledsoe, and their assigns, have held the peaceable and adverse uossession of said tract of land devised as aforesaid. Previous to the year 1818 there were ex-
tensive clearings and improvements upon the land of the boys; many h6uses erectod; and from that period to the present time those clearings have been extended, and some very val. uable brick buildings been erected and possessed by some'of
the defendants. The improvements of this land are extensive, valuable, and permanent, and have been made from the year 1800 up to the present time.

" The Testimony of General William Hall, continued.
"The defendants read the deed from Nathaniel Parker and Mary Parker, dated 30th January, 1796, for 640 acres of land,

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

337

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

which lies within the bounds of the Greenfield grant, as proved

by the witness, General Hall, 'who stated that the executor of

Anthony Bledsoe made the deed to take up a bond of An-

thony Bledsoe to Hugh Rogan. The defendant Francis Ro-

gan lives on the part of the Greenfield grant conveyed to his

father, Hugh Rogan, as aforesaid. The defendants then read

the bond of A. Bledsoe to Hugh Rogan, dated the 18th of

April, 1783, referred to in the testimony of General Hall, ex-

hibit No. 8; need not be copied. The deed is referred to, ex-

hibit No. 9. The defendants read the deed from the executor

and executrix of Anthony Bledsoe, to wit, Isaac and Mary

Bledsoe, of the 6th of April, 1700, exhibit No. 10, to Wil-

liam Bowman. General Hall proved that he was present

when this land was run out; that he saw the bond of Colonel

Anthony Bledsoe, which was assigned to William 1Bowmah for this land; andihat the executor deeded this land to Bow-

man in discharge of the covenants of said land, and this land

lies within the bounds of the Greenfield grant.

"The defendants read the grant of the State of North Caro-

lina, dated the 27th of June, 1793, for 640 acres, and likewise

read the entry of the 14th of February, 1784, upon which the

grant was founded, exhibits No. 11 and 12; need not be copied. General Hall proved that the grant of Evan Evans. lies within

the bounds of the Greenfield grant. The defendants read the'

deed of release from the plaintiff, and Martha Patterson, the

wife of James Patterson, to John Patterson, (said Pattersons

married daukhters of James Clendening and Betsey Clenden-

ing,) dated the 14th of August, 1846. General Hall proved

that this release not only embraced the 320 acres assigned the

plaintiff, but likewise 335 acres of land, lying within the bounds.

of the Greenfield grant, which is not sued for. A deed fromn

Henry R. Bledsoe to John Patterson, Jr. was read, exhibit. No.

14. General Hall proved that this was the tract assigne& to

the plaintiff. The record of the County Court of Sum] er was

read, showing that the guardiafis of the girls listed the 320

acres of the Greenfield grant from 1794 till their marriage; and

the sons of Anthony Bledsoe, by their guardians, listed the

balance of the Greenfield grant for the boys. General Hall

proved that the taxes were paid accordingly as listed. General

Hall proved that the plaintiff had some eight or ten children,

the oldest about forty-eight years; some four or five sons-ii-

law; and that she and husband, on several occasions, have

been in the county where the land lay, since their removal

from the county, as before statd. General Hall- proved the

handwriting of Anthony Bledsoe to the original will; and

likewise 'the handwriting of the three subscribing witnesses;

VOL. X1. .

29

338

SUPREME COURT.

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

and that the said Rogan and Clendening were men of the very highest character for integrity and truth. The deposition of Mrs. Desha, which is to be copied as part of this bill of excep.
tions, was read by the defendants.
"The plaintiff's counsel objected to that part of General Halls testimony in which he details what he may have heard Isaac and Caty Bledsoe and Hugh Rogan say in relation to the circumstances that attended the making of the will, on the ground that it was hearsay. But the court allowed it to go to the jury, to which the plaintiff excepts. The plaintiff objected to all the testimony tending to prove any thing, or state of facts contrary to the written will, or to show that any thing was omitted or inserted in the will through mistake.

"2l rs. Read's Evidence.
"The defendants introduced Mary Read. She proved that she was well acquainted with Colonel Anthony Bledsoe; he was her uncle. In the year 1788, her father, Isaac Bledsoe,
was living in the fort near Bledsoe's Lick; it was very troublesome times with the Indians. Colonel Anthony Bledsoe had left- the Greenfield tract, and was living in one end of my father's house. About midnight of the 20th of July, 1788, after the families had retired to bed, James Clendening announced -that he had discovered some Indians near the houses. Colonel 'Anthony Bledioe got up and went into the passage with Campbell, it being a clear moonlight night, when Campbell was killed dead, -and Colonel Anthony Bledsoe mor-ally wounded by a shot from the Indians, the ball having passed directly through his body. I was in the house of Isaac Bledsoe, my father, at the time; there was difficulty in getting
light; at length Hugh Rogan went to the kitchen and got fire; immediately after, Anthony Bledsoe was shot; be was drawn into the house, having fallen from the shot; when the light
came, his wound was examined and discovered to be mortal; he was in extreme agony; no mortal could have suffered more; his intestines were shot and torn ; and what is called his caul fat came out to a considerable length; he continued to suffer immensely till his death, which occurred about sun up next morning; there was great confusion in the room, great lamentation and grief among the familk, and those present; with all, a momentary attack was expected from the Indians till day. Shortly after the light came, Anthony Bledsoe asked my mother, Caty Bledsoe, what she, thought of his case. She told him he must iievitably die, and that he ought to make preparation for another world; he'seemed to have.a great deal of concern about that; after a little, my mother, suggested to

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

339

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

him that four of his oldest children were girls, and if he died without a will his girls would get none of his lands, and the chief of his estate consisted in lands; and suggested the idea of his making a will, in order to make some provision for his
daughters; he seemed to hesitate, and said he did not know who they would marry, but said in the presence of my father
and mother, and others, that, if they would have it wrote, he would make a wi
" I distinctly recollect, that he said that he wanted his Kentucky and Holston land sold, and the proceeds applied to the education of his children; that he wanted a small tract of land given to his daughters, at the discretion of his executors; the balance of his lands to be equally divided among his sons; that the four oldest negroes to be kept by his wife during her life, and the balance of the property to be equally divided among all his children. James Clendening approached a table near where he lay, and commenced writing the will. I did not hear what he said when the will was writing, if he said any thing. I was present all the time, from the time the will
was first suggested to him to the time of his signing his will; heard him make no other disposition of his estate, but that which is detailed above. My mother got behind Anthony Bledsoe, and held him up with her knees; he talked but little, was in extreme agony all the time; when he talked, he talked sensibly up to his death. I do not know whether the will was read over to him or not; he signed his name to it. My fpLther, Isaac Bledsoe, was standing by him when my mother suggested to him the propriety of making the will; was present
during the whole time of the writing of the will, and was over him when he died. I was about ten years of age at that time; the occurrences of that night made a deep and lasting impression on my mind; I recollect what was said and done more
distinctly than transactions of late date, and this has been impressed upon my mind by conversations with others since. James Clendening, the drawer of the will, shortly afterwards married.one of the daughters of Colonel Anthony Bledsoe; he and Hugh Rogan resided in my father's fort some four or five years afterwards; my father was appointed an executor with
the widow, previous to his being killed by the Indians; in 1793, pursuant to the request and will of my uncle, he assigned to
David Shelby, who had married Sally, the oldest daughter, a small tract of land, the boundaries of which contain about four hundred acres, as appears gy the deed; the other three daughters, to wit, Betsy, who married James Clendening, Rachel,
who had married William Neely, Susan, who had married William Penny, received and had assigned to them their por-

SUPREME COURT.
Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.
tions, as appears by their respective deeds signed by the executors in the year 1793, containing 400 acres of land, all of which was taken out of the Greenfield survey, covered by the grant of 1787, exhibited by the plaintiff in the cause. In addition to these four children, Colonel Anthony Bledsoe at his death had the following: Thomas and Anthony, both of whom, under age, were killed by the Indiang in the year 1794, Anthony in April, and Thomas in October, 1794; Isaac, Polly, Abram, Henry, and Prudence, who was born after the death of her father, being eleven in number. David Shelby, James Clendening, William Neely, William Penny, Joseph Sewell, and James Weatherhead all married daughters of Colonel Anthony Bledsoe, and were smart business men, and some of them married fifty or sixty years ago. James Weatherhead married the plaintiff, Polly, she thinks in the fall of 1799, and the next year took possession of the 320 acres laid off to her out of the Greenfield tract, and continued in possession for many years, till they sold to Henry R. Bledsoe, her brother, as appears by their deed of the. 19th of August, 1818, which is exhibited, marked No. 5. Sewell and his wife Prudence got a like portion of land assigned them, from the southeast corner of the grant; all of which portions they possessed and enjoyed till they were all sold, except Clendening's lot, which de. scended to his heirs. Clendening died in 1822; Isaac Bledsoe took possession of the balance of the Greenfield tract for himself and brothers about the year 1800, she is not positive whether it was before or after, and that portion was divided between them, as appears by the report of the commissioners in 1801.
"_Parker's Evidence.
"Nathaniel Parker, a witness for defendants, proved that he has always resided near the Greenfield tract of land since the year 1796. That Isaac, Henry R., and Abram Bledsoe, and the-defendants claiming under them, have had the possession of the lands sued for since the year 1799 or 1800, cultivating and improving the lands, building houses, &c., since that period. That James Weatherhead married the plaintiff in the fall of 1799. That they took possession of the 320 acres of land assigned the plaintiff, he thinks in the year 1800; that they were close neighbors of his;, was intimate with them; James Weatherhead worked on his house; Penny, who married a daughter of Colonel Anthony Bledsoe, was his brother-in-law; he was well acqainted with Joseph Sewell, James Clendening, David Shelby, and William Neely, who married likewise daughters. They were all smart men. Weatherhead was an

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

341

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

acting justice of the peace for Sumner County for many years; David Shelby was the guardian of Polly Bledsoe, the plaintiff, and was the clerk of the County Court of Sumner for some thirty years, and pursued his own interest closely. That dur-
ing all this intercourse and acquaintance, he never heard any claim on their part upon any portion of the Greenfield tract assigned the boys.

" Carr's Evidence.
"John Carr, a witness for defendants, proved the same facts in substance proved by Nathaniel Parker.
" It was proved by competent testimony, which the plaintiff does not require to be copied into this bill of exceptions, that 4 division was made of the residue of.the Greenfield survey after taking out the shares assigned the daughters, the land conveyed to Rogan and Bowman, and the land covered by the Eyan Evans grant, between the three remaining sons of Anthony Bledsoe, by partition in a court of record, and that possession was continued under this division, and the deeds made under it, till the bringing of this suit, there being a regular chain of title from said partition, which was made in 1801.
"It was 'further proved, that possession had been taken by said sons jointly in the year 1800, adversely. The plaintiff
and her husband having in that year also taken possession of the 320 acres laid off to them by the commissioners, no written evidence of which was adduced.

"3lc Gavock and Hickman's Evidence.
"It was proved by Jacob McGavock and Thomas, Hickman, that the records of the District Court of Mero District on the equity side thereof were burned and destroyed in the year 1796; and it appeared by competent proof, that this was the court having jurisdiction of the partition and dii ision of estates and other matters in equity in the county of Sumner, where the land in controversy lies, from the time of the making of the will to the date of the destruction aforesaid.
"It is admitted that the land in controversy exceeded the sum or value of two thousand dollars.

" Carge of Court.
"Whereupon the court charged the jury as follows: "We are first of opinion, that parol evidence may be heard to the following extent, in reference to the devises in the will of Anthony Bledsoe: The clause, ' to each of my daughters a small tract of land,' we regard as directly conflicting with the clause, 'my lands and slaves to be equally divided amongst
29*

342

-SUPREME

COURT.

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerrille et al.

my children.' It is contended by the plaintiffs, that by these devises the daughters not only take equally with the sons the lands of the testator, but that an additional small tract is also given to each daughter. From the then state of the law of descents, which excluded the daughters, and from the number and circumstances of the testator's family and estates, we think this construction of theconfticting clauses cannot be adopted; but that the clause which gives to each of the daughters a small tract of land must be regarded as unmeaning and useless. That it stands in conflict with an equal division is undeniable. The question then is, whether this inconsistency on the face of the will authorizes proof extrinsic of the recorded paper, to show that it was the intention and will of Colonel Bledsoe to give the daughters each a small tract of land only, and not an equal share, as contended by the defendants. The distinct question for the jury to try is, whether Anthony Bledsoe's
will was, that his daughters should each have a small tract of land and no more. To find this to be the true will, the jury must find that the clause, 'my lands to be equally divided amongst my children,' was not Anthony Bledsoe's will, but inserted without his instruction or knowledge, and contrary to his intention, wish, and will.
"A paper writing, purporting to be a man's will or deed, executed and proved according to the forms of law, shall always be deemed such, unless positive proof of the contrary is made out clearly. In the case of a de'ise, it must be shown that the testator's will and intention was different at the time of making the instrument, and that that will and intention was not embodied in the writing, either by fraud or inistake at the time; or, in other words, that that which he positively willed was wrongfully set down, either designedly, which would be fraud, or not designedly, which would constitute mistake; but both standing upon the same principle in law and in fact, in an issue of devastavit vel von; and on these principles the jury will proceed to consider the case.
"The witnesses state that Colonel Bledsoe was shot in July, 1788,on the premises in dispute, where his family resided, and
where his wife and children continued to reside for many years thereafter; that he was shot by the Indians through the centre of the body, and his bowels torn to pieces. He was in his own fort, between two log-houses, in a passage, where he received the mortal wound and fell, another (his servant) being killed at the same fire; that he was carried into one of the houses. This Was about midnight, and he died after daylight next morning, being in extreme pain, and writhing much all the time after he received the mortal wound up to the time when

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

343

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

he died. During this time Isaac Bledsoe, and especially the wife of Isaac, proposed to their dying brother to make a will; the main intention of which was, to make a provision for his daughters out of his lands, they being cut off by the statute of descents. That at the time there was extreme distress*in the house; various women, children, and men in it, and much confusion; that James Clendening (who was in the fort with many others) was sent for (he being on guard) to write the will, and did so, at the bedside of the wvounded testator; that
the will was executed before daylight. These facts we understand to be undisputed; but whether they are or are not correctly stated the jury will judge, our object being to state only such an outline of the facts as to make the charge to the jury intelligible, as regards the application of the rules of evidence
to the case submitted to the jury. They will take into consideration the situation of the testator, and all the circumstances
that surrounded him, at the timie he was making his will, that is, during the time that Clendening was writing it, all that was
said to him after he was shot and before Clendening commenced writing the will, and all that the testator said and did during
these times, and all that was said to him after Clendening com-
menced writing the will and before it was completed, in regard to its contents. The jury will next consider the conjoint acts
of Polly Weatherhead and her husband, and the acts of all the other devisees of Anthony Bledsoe, in instances where the
whole of the devisees (including said Polly and her husband) are concerned in dividing the estate of the said testator, and
see how far they mutually recognized the true will to be, that each of the daughters should have a small tract of land, but not an equal division by the partition they actually did make
amongst each other; and especially how far Polly concurred in these acts of partition, and in a mutual occupation of the lands each devisee took. These acts are evidence that is strengthened by the lapse of time, and of long acquiescence on the part of Polly, if the acts of partition were accompanied by long adverse possession, each devisee holding adversely, and for her or himself, the parcel of land partitioned to him or her,
say for thirty or forty years, under the partition. "If the jury find-from the evidence that the will of the testa-
tor was, that each of the daughters should have a small tract of land and no more, and find that Polly had partiti6ned to her the 320 acres, out of the south side of the Greenfield tract,
as such small tract, then she has no right to recover in this
action. "And as to the fact of a legal and binding partition among
the devisees of Anthony Bledsoe, we think, and so instruct the.

344

SUPREME COURT.

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

jury, that, if they believe the facts given in evidence, then they would be authorized to presume that a legal partition had been made, the evidences of which had been lost by the accidents of time, and that Polly Weatherhead had legally received her share of the lands of the testator. In regard to the statute of
limitations, the jury is instructed that, if Polly Weatherhead, by her guardian, had a joint possession of the land in dispute with her brothers, all claiming as tenants in common, and that
such joint possession continued up to the time of Polly's marriage with James Weatherhead, then the act of limitation has not barred her right of recovery, if she sued within three years
after her husband's death. "The jury is further instructed, that, if they find for the plain.
tiff, they must find Tor one eleventh part of so much of the land sued for as was partitioned -to the brothers of Mrs. Weather-
head, unless the plaintiff has relinquished her right to some
part of the same. "In regard to that part of General Hall's evidence where he
deposed as to what Isaac Bledsoe and his wife told him respecting the intention of the testator, and which statements of Isaac Bledsoe and his Wife General Hall repeated to Hugh Rogan, the subscribing witness to the will, and who (with Thomas Murray, another subscribing witness) proved the will in the ordinary form in 1788, and which statement was affirmed by Rogan to be substantially accurate, the jury will consider the evidence as intended only to impair the proof of Rogan in so far as the alleged mistake in the will is assumed to exist; but General Hall's evidence being competent, the jury may ascertain how far it comes in support of Mrs. Read's statement, and the acts of the plaintiff and her husband, in affirmance of the mistake alleged to have been made by Clendening in drawing the will, if such acts there be. To which charge, the plaintiff, by her counsel,
excepted.
"The jury then rendered a verdict for the defendants; and the plaintiff then moved the court for a new trial, which was refused. To all which decisions of the ccurt in the admissions of the evidence excepted to, and the charge of the court to the jury, and the refusing a new trial, the plaintiff excepts, and prays hii bill of exceptions to be signed, sealed, and made a part of the record, which is done accordingly.
"J. CATRON, M. W. BRowN."

Upon this bill of exceptions the case came up to this court. It was argued by Mr. Xlfeigs, for the plaintiff in error, and Mr. -Fogg,for the defendants in error.

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

345

Weatherhead's Lessee r. Baskerville et al.

Mr. .Ttfeigs for the plaintiff in error. The lessor of the plaintiff, Polly Weatherhead, being one of
the children of Anthony Bledsoe, the patentee of the land in dispute, claims title to an undivided eleventh part of it, under his will, which is in the following words: -
"In the name of God, amen. Being near to death, I make
my will as follows: "1. I desire my lands in Kentucky to be sold; likewise my
lands on Holston, at the discretion of my executors. "2. My children to be educated in the best manner my es-
tate will permit.
"3. My estate to be equally divided among my children. "4. To cach of my daughters a small tract of land. "5. My wife to keep possession of the four oldest negroes for the maintenance of the family.
"6. My lands and slaves to be equally divided amongst my children.
"7. I appoint my brother Isaac Bledsoe and Colonel Daniel Smith executors, with my wife, Mary Bledsoe, executrix.
"8. At the decease of my wife, the four above negroes to be equally divided amongst my children."
The defendants repel her claim by alleging that the word children, in the third and sixth clauses of the will, was inserted instead of the word sons, by the mistake of the draughtsman. And out of this the first question arises, viz.: -
1. Ahether parol evidence is admissible to prove the error. of the draughtsman, and to correct it, either by inserting the word sons instead of the word children, or by striking out the clauses in which the word children is inserted; in which case the lands would pass to the sons by the then law of descents
in Tennessee. For the lessor of the plaintiff, we insist that this evidence
was erroneously admitted by the Circuit Court. And in support of this position, out of the numberless cases in the books, we shall cite only three, one of them having the merit of being
directly in point; namely, Weatherhead v. Sewell, 9 Humphreys, 272, 303, decided.by the Supreme Court of Tennessee, at December term, 1848, upon this very will; and the other two, Newburgh v. Newburgh, 5 Madd. 364, and Miller v. Travers, 8 Bingh. 244, both being closely analogous to our case. For a classification of all the cases, see Wigram on Wills, a treatise approved by the highest authority in England; Doe d. Gord v. Needs, 2 Mees. & Wels. 129; 1 Spence's Eq. 554; Sugden on Property, ch.2, §1, arts. 4,5, 9, 17; and Amer-
ica, 1 Greenleaf's Ev.§§ 287, 291, and notes. Besides admitting the testimony of witnesses to alter the

346

SUPREME COURT.

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

will, the Circuit Court charged the jury to consider the conjoint acts of the plaintiff and her husband, and the acts of the other children, in instances where they all concurred in divid-
ing the estate; and, from the partition they actually did make amongst each other, see,- .
1st How far they mutually recognized the true will to be, that each of the daughters should have a small tract of land,
but not an equal division; and 2d. Especially, how far the plaintiff concurred in these acts
of partition, and in the mutual occupation of the lands each
devisee took.
The jury were then told, that these acts of the plaintiff in recognition of the partition actually made, and of concurrence and long acquiescence therein, and in the possession held accordingly, were evidence strengthened by lapse of time, that the will was, that each of the daughters should have a small
tract of land. This is but to say, that we are to learn what a will is, not
from the face of it, but by the glosses put upon it by contemporaries, and that we may gather those glosses -from circum-
stantial evidence, as well as from the direct swearing of wit-
nesses. 2. The court next instructed the jury, that, if they believed
the facts given in evidence, then" they would be authorized to presume that a legal partition had been made, the evidence of which had been lost by the accidents of time; by which partition the plaintiff legally received her share of the testator's land.
Here I take the meaning of the court to be, that, supposing the will to give her one eleventh part of the land, the jury may presume, from the facts in evidence, that a partitipn was legally made, apsigning the plaintiff such part. .
Be it so, for the sake of argument; then the defendants are in the adverse possession of her share in severalty, and are not
tenants in common with her; and unless they are protected by the statute of limitations, or by lapse of time, she must recover.
But they are not protected by the statute of limitations, because the evidence shows that the adverse possession did not
commence till after her marriage, she and her" brothers having held in common till that event.
Are they protected by lapse of time? They are, if conveyances can be presumed from' her to the defendants.
"But no case caxi be put in which such a presumption has been made, except where a title has been shown by the party who calls for the presumption, good in substance, but wanting some collateral matter necessary to make it complete in point

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

347

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

of form. In-such cases, when the possession is shown to have been consistent with the existence of the fact directed to be, presumed, and in such cases only, has it ever been allowed.
Per Tindal, C. J., in Doe d. Hammond v. Cooke, 6 Bingham, 174; 1 Greenleaf's Ev. § 46.
In Doe d. Fenwick, v. Reed, 5 Barnwell and Alderson,- 232, it appeared that, in 1752, an ancestor of the defendant had
been put in possession of the land in question as a creditor
under a judgment against the then owner, which possession continued in the defendant and his family down to the time
of trial, in 1821, being sixty-nine years. It appeared also that the tifle-deeds, which, however, also related to other lands, had continued in the possession 'of the plaintiff's family, and that moduses had been paid by them for several estates, including some of the property in question.
Oh this evidence, Bayley, J. told the jury, that the real question for them to consider was, whether they believed tha( a
conveyance to the defendant, or those under whom he claimed, had actually taken place; observing that the loss of a deed was less likely to take place than of a grant of a right of way; and that, during a portion of the period of the possession, two of the pirties under whom the plaintiff claimed being mar,ried, no conveyance could have been made without levying a fine, which, being of record, might have been produced if it had
existed.
The jury having found for the plaintiff, on motion for a new trial, the whole Court of Queen's Behch concurred in refusing the rule. Abbott, C. J., in delivering the judgment, said: -
"I am clearly of opinion, that the direction was according to-law. I;n cases where the original possession cannot be accounted for, and would be inlawful, unless there had been a grant, the rule may, perhaps, be different. Here the original possession is accounted for, and is consistent with the fact of there having been no conveyance.
"It may, indeed, have continued longer than is consistent with the original condition; but it was surely a question for the jury to say whether that continuance was to be attributed to a want of care and attention on the part of the family under whom the plaintiff claims, or to the fact of there having been a conveyance of the estate.. As the defendapt's ancestor had originally a lawful possession, I think it was incumbent
on him to give stronger evidence to warrant the jury in corn-
in- to a corclusion that there had been a conveyance. "As to the judge's observations respecting the fine, I think
he might properly tell the jury, that, under the circumstances,
they would probably find a fine.

348

SUPREME COURT.

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.
"In my opinion, presumption of grants and conveyances has already gone too great lengths, and I am not disposed to ex-
tend it further." Again, in the case of Doe d. Howson v. Waterton, 3 Barn.
& Aid. 149, where copyhold premises were surrendered to a charitable use in 1743, but it did not appear that the provisions of 9 Geo. I. c. 36, with respect to the enrolment of conveyances to charitable uses, had been complied with, it was held, in 1819, that is, after the lapse of seventy-six years, that the existence
of a bargain and sale, and enrolment under the statute, could not be presumed from the possession since 1743. Lord Ten. terden, C. J., there says :'-
"It is said, in this case, that the court may presume, if necessary, that a bargain and sale and enrolment have been made. But no instance can be found where the courts have presumed that an enrofment had been made. I am of opinion, that no
ptesumption ought to be made." And Bayley, J., adds: "As to presuming an enrolment, if it
had appeared that the rolls of Chancery had been searched, and a chasm had been discovered about the period of the surrender, it might have been, sufficient. At present there is no evidence upon which such presumption can be founded."
Now f6r the application of these cases. According to C. J. Tindal's rule, no partition can be presumed in this case, because the defendants have not shown "a title good in substance, but wanting-spme collateral matter necessary to make it complete in point of form." The title shown by them is good in substance and form, being conveyances from the plain,tiff's brothers. If the defendants had shown a good deed in substance from plaintiff's husband, signed by her, but wanting privy examination, or words of grant or release on her part, as in Melvin v.The Proprietors of the Locks and Canals on Merrimack Riv6r, 17 Pick. 255,262 this collateral matter, necessary-to make the deed complete in point of form, might have been supplied by presumption. Had the defendants produced such a substantially good, but formally defective deed, their possession would have been consistent with the existence of
the fact to be presumed, and then the presumption is allowable, according to the other branch of C. J. Tindal's rule.
Further: A partition in Tennessee may be made by tnutual conveyances where the -parties are adult "and can agree, or where they are minors or dannot agree, by bill in chancery, or by the summary method prescribed by the act of 1787, c. 17.
Supposing the first method to have been adopted in this cake, the execution:6f th deed by the husband must have been proved by two witnessesj or acknowledged by him before the

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

349

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

County or Circuit Court of Sumner County, and acknowledged

by the plaintiff on privy examination by the court, and minutes

of the probate or acknowledgment and privy examination en-

tered on the record, a certificate of this indorsed on the deed

by the clerk, and then the whole recorded in the registry of

deeds for the county.

Are we to presume, in the absence of evidence, that search

has been made in vain for traces of these records; that no such

records exist; and supply the whole, at a blow, by a presump-

tion? If so, what ought the instruction to the jury to have

been? According to the case of Doe d. F enwick v. Reed, the

court should have said to the jury: -

" The real question for you to consider is, whether you be-

lieve that a partition, by mutual deeds between the devisees,

actually did take place; and, as this could not be without rec-

ord of the proof, or acknowledgment of the deed and privy ex-

amination of the wife, some traces of which records .probably

exist, you should not presume the deed in the absence of e i-

dence that such traces are not to be found. And the court is

of this opinion, because the original possession of the defend-

ants can be accounted for in this case without making the pre-

sumption in question, and was lawful, though no such partition

was made."

If a partition by mutual conveyances ought not to be pre-

sumed in such circumstances, much less ought a partition by

bill in equity; or by the summary proceeding prescribed by the

statute, to be presumed. In the absence of the evidence of a

search, without success, for any of those records, it is impossi-

ble to presume them. 3 Barn. & Ald. 149; Best cn Presump-

tions of Law and Fact, §§ 39, 40, -in 37 Law Lib. 47, 49.

But in this case the adverse possession commenced after the

plaintiff's coverture. Now, in McCorry v. King's Heirs, 3

Humphreys, 267, 278, it appeared that George Gillespie, the

grantee of the lands in question, on the 14th of December,

1793, devised in his will as follows: "I give and bequeathe to

my well-beloved daughter, Jane Gillespie, her heirs and assigns for ever, the tract of land I bought of James and Charles

McCartney, lying in Green County." After the death of the

devisor, Jane, the devisee, married William King, by whom

she had children, the lessors of the plaintiff. In 1803 King,

without his wife in any manner joining him therein, conveyed

to Hayworth the land sued for. In 1804 Hayworth conveyed

to Copeland, and he in 1809 to McCorry, the defendant. Jane

King, the devisee, died in January, 1828, and William King,

her husband, in October, 1835, and on the 4th of February,

1837, the children of Jane and William King commenced an.

VOL. Xi.

30

350

SUPREME COURT.

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

ejectment against MeCorry -to recover the lands which he had possessed under the deed made by their father for thirty-four years. Upon this state of facts the court say :-
" It is insisted that th6.jury should have been instructed
that they might presume, from the length of possession in this case, that the wife had properly conveyed; that her ancestor, the testator, had made a deed, or the State issued an older grant to the defendant, or to those under whom he claims. We aie of opinion, that the -judge of the Circuit Court, presiding at the trial, very properly Nithheld such instruction.
"When the circumstances of the case, the relation of the parties towards each other, or the condition of the title, obviate and repel the bar of the statute, we think it would be wrong in principle, and unsupported by precedent, to protect the posses-
sion by giving effect to the doctrine of presumption insisted on. It would operate, moreover, most unjustly. A4 tenant in dower might alien in fee, and live for sixty or seventy years afterwards.
The heir could not enter or sue during her life, and the statute would not operate in favor of the alienee until seven years had elapsed after the death of the tenant in dower. Yet, if the doctrine of presumption was applied to the case, the alienee would have a good title in fee, not by the deed he had taken, but by another presumed in his favor for more than twenty years before the death of the doweress. The truth is, the doctrine of presumption, as- well as the bar created by the policy of the statute, is founded upon the principle of laches in him who, having the 'ight, power, and capacity to sue, and
disturb, or recover possession i fqr a long time omifs. and neglects to do so.
"This doctrine, under such circumstances, to secure the-repose of society, presumes, at length, that he who could and would not sue had parted with his right. But to presume against him who is unable to sue, whose right of action has not accrued, who has been guilty of no laches, that his titie has passed fron him, or from those uncher whom he claims, would
be an application of the doctrihe of presumption as novel, we think, as it Would be mischievous. The husband sells the land of the wife ana conveys in fee; the coverture continues for fifty years afterwaids; the wife survives; she is within the sav-
ing of the statute; she brings her suit, and is told that the title has long since been lost by the presumption of a valid conveynce from her. Certainly this could not be tolerated."
So the Supreme Court of New Ham shlr6; after remarking that the doctrine of presuming a deed from^long possession
and acquiescence, has been established, in analogy to 'the pro-

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

351

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et aL

visions of the statute of limitations, proceed to say, that, where a husband undertakes 'to convey land in fee, of which he is seized only in right of his wife, in such a case no presumption of a grapt can be raised against the wife by her acquiescence during coverture, because she is nnt in a situation, and has no power, to interfere and avoid the act of her husband; and if she could, it might be his interest to prevent het. 4 N. Hamp. 327, 328, in the case of Barnard v. Edwards.
So in the case of the Lessee of Margaret Dblancey v.
McKeen, 1 Wash. C. C. 354, the lessor of the plaintiff, having survived her husband, sued for one hundred acres of land, part of a tract of one thousand acres that had been conveyed to her and her husband in 1771, by Williain Allen, her father. The defendant set up a title under a deed from the commissioners of forfeited estates, who sold the same as part of the estate of Andrew Allen, a son of William Allen, and
brother of the plaintiff, he having been regularly attainted. His estates were sold in 1778, and the deed executed in 1779. The defendant proved that, in 1775, Andrew Allen entered into contracts for the sale of parcels of this land; that he offered the whole tract, including the one hundred acres sued for by plaintiff, for sale; that he received the consideration money for such parcels as he had sold; that these payments 'were made, sometimes to himself, sometimes to William Allen for his use; that, at one time, the plaintiff was in the room wnen a sum for part of the land was paid by the purchaser.
For the defendant it was urged, thai these acts of ownership by Andrew Allen were sufficient to authorize the jury to presume a conveyance from- Delancey and the plaintiff, his wife, to Andrew Allen, or, at any rate,. an agreement to sell, which W-%,ould be sufficient to pass an equitable estate to. Andrew Allen; upon which, as well as upon legal estates, the act of
confiscation operated. To this Judge Washington answered: " The acts of owner.
ship by Andrew Allen, set up as a title for the defendant, prove nothing against the plaintiff, who labored under two disabilities, coverture and absence beyond seas, until the year 1780 or
1781, when the joint estate vested in her by survivorship." It is true that Judge Story, in Tyler v. Williamson, 4 Mason,
402, does say, that "the presumption is applied as a presumption juris et de jure, whenever by possibility a right may be acquired in any manner known to the law." And he adds; "Its operation has never yet been denied in cases where personal disabilities of particular proprietors might have intervened, such as infancy, coverture, and insanity, and, by the.
ordinary course of proceeding, grants would not be presumed.P-

352

SUPREME COURT.

Weatherhead"s Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

But Angell, in his work on Adverse Enjoyment (p. 116), says: "Persons who labor under a disability, it would seem, are pro. tected against the common effect of the rule under considera-
tion, inasmuch as they are excepted in the statute in analogy
to which the rule was established. Besides, as a prescriptive right is founded upon the supposition of a grant, it cannot be
opposed to those whom the law does not allow to have the control and administration of their property." And in-Watkins v. Peck, 13 N. Hamp. 377, the Supreme Court say, "that,
notwithstanding the above remark of Judge Story, we are of opinion that no grant can be presumed from an adverse use of an easement in the land of another, foy the term of twenty years, where the owner of the land was, at the expiration of the twenty years, and long before, incapable of making a grant, whether the disability arose from infancy or insanity." " Perhaps," they add, "a disability intervening during the lapse of the term, but not extending to the termination of the period of twenty -years, might not be sufficient to rebut the presump-
tion ; but it would be absurd to presume a grant, where it was clear that no such grant could have existed." The Supreme
Court of New York, too, 16 Johns. 214, in Bailey v,. Jackson, even say, "that this is not like a statute bar, which having
once begun to run will continue, notwithstanding a subse-
quent disability occurs."
Be this as it may, these citations are enough to show that
Judge Story's remark is not supported, unless this presumption be, as he says in that place, a presumption juris el dejure; or
unless, as Lord Mansfield said, 4 Burr. 2023, quiet possession alone, for twenty years, be a "flat answer"; or, as Eyre, C. J.,
in I Bos. & Pul. 400, 5tyled it, &"complete answer, or bar to the action." This is to confound the-well-established distinction between conclusive and-rebutable presumptions, and to put the latter upon the same footing as prescription and the
statute of lim'itations. Greenleaf's Evidence, § 46. And it is to be observed that Professor Greenleaf cites the case of Tyler v. Wilkinson, where he is treating of the title by prescription.
Ev. § 17. Finally, upon this point, inasmuch as presumptions .of this
kind are in truth but mere arguments, and depend upon their own natural force and efficacy in generating belief or conviction,in the mind (Greenleaf's Bv. §44), the charge should have been, as already suggested, in the words, substantially, of Bayley, J., in Fenwick's Lessee v. Reed, to wit: "The real question for the jury to consider is, whether they believe that a conveyance to the defendant, or those under whom he claims, was
actually made." Whereas, in thi5 case, the jury were told, that,

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

353

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.
"if they believed the facts given in evidence, they would be authorized to presume that a legal partition had been made," &c.; and were left to infer, that, after presuming a p ition, they could also go on to presume a conveyance from. the plaintiff to the defendants, or to those under whom they
claim. 3. But whatever the law of other Stites or countries may be,
certainly the Supreme Court of Tennessee has declared the law of that State to be, that the evidence in question is inadraissible, and that the presumption called for by the defendants cannot be made. Weatherhead v. Sewell, 9 Humph. 272; McCorry v. King's Heirs, 3 Hurmph. 267.
"There are certain rules of evidence which may be affirmed to be generally, if not universally, recognized. Thus, in relation to immovable property, inasmuch as the rights and titles thereto are generally admitted to be governed by the law of the situs, and as suits and controversies touching the same, ex directo,. properly belong to the forum of the situs, and not elsewhere, it would seem a just and natural, if not an irresistible conclusion, that the law of evidence of the situs touching such rights, titles, suits, and controversies must and ought exclusively to govern in all such cases. So, in cases relating to the due execution of .wills and testaments of immovables, the proofs must and ought to be according to the law of the situs." Story, Conft. of Laws, § 630 b.
" And perhaps it may be stated as a general truth, that the admission of evidence and the rules of evidence are rather matters of procedure than matters attaching to the rights and titles of parties under contracts, deeds, and other instruments; and therefore they are to be governed by the law of the country where the court sits." Ibid. § 634 a.
Therefore, whether we regard the law of evidence touching titles to immovables as a part of the law of titles, or as part of the law of procedure, either way the law of Tennessee must prevail, and the charge of the Cjrcuit Court was erroneous.

1r. Fogg, for defendants in error.
The acts of Assembly of the State of Tennessee in regard to
wills of land are those of April, 1784, c. 22, and October, 1784, c. 10, § 6. Probates of wills in the County Court are sufficient testimony of the devise of real estate, and attested copies may be given in evidence in the same manner as the originals; but the original will must be produced under the requisitions of the proviso of the sixth section of the act of October, 1784. The probate of the paper writing called the will of Anthony Bled-
soe before the County Court of Sumner, in October, 1788, was 30 *

354

SUPREME COURT.

We-atlierhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et

in common form, where the devisees and next of kin hd no notice. Redmond v. Collins, 4 Devereux, 430-449. The mode in which the probate was made in the County Court is not stated. The statement of General Hall as to the declarations of Isaac Bledsoe, the executor, and his wife, which the General had communicated to Rogan, and which Rogan said was cor-
-rect, was properly received before the original will was produced. If the plaintiff had only offered the original, and proved Rogan's handwriting, then probably the defendants
could not have attacked his testimony; but with the copy, the plaintiff relied upon his evidence. He was not only a subscribing witness, but a witness who was sworn before the County Court, and stated, as is to be inferred, that he became a subscribing Witness, in the presence of the testator and at his request, to this paper as his will, and that this was his will, when he knew what the instructions were. If he had been present to be cross-examined, the fact could have been shown by himself; as he Was dead, it is shown by his own declarations to Hall that he contradicted the idea that this was the will of Bledsoe, and thereby the effect of the probate was in some degree impaired, although in a slight degree,'and was proper to be submitted to the jury. The defendants held in their own right, by deeds of conveyance purporting to pass the legal title; they did not claim under the will. Blight's Lessee
v. Rochester, 7 Wheaton, 535. This paper writing is introduced to show that the land sued for was devised to Mrs. Weatherhead, and that thereby she had a title to the same. The animus testandi,the design and intention that the particular paper should be the last will and testament of the deceased, is the great and essential requisite of a will. In a court of construction, the intention of the testator, as collected from a view
of the whole instrument, is the guide to its correct exposition; so, in determining thefactun of the will, the aninius testandi is
to be gathered from the whole circumstances of the case. In the words of Sir John Nichol in Zacharias v. Colis, 3 Philimore, 179, "the factum of an instrument means not barely the signing f it, and the formal publication or delivery, but proof
that he well knew and understood the contents thereof, and did 'give, will, dispose, and do in all things as in the said will is contained." It is not pretended that parol evidence can be admitted to contradict or vary the ter~ms of a will, or to explain its meaning, except in cases of a latent ambiguity. This cannot be done by a court of law or equity, acting as a court of construction. Greenleaf on Evidence, § 275 et seq. But
though you cannot resort to parol evidence to control the effect of words or expressions which the testator has used, by showing

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

355

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

that he used them under mistake or misapprehension, nor to supply words which he has not used, yet you may, upon an issue of devisavit.vel non, prove that clauses or expressions have been inadvertently introduced into the will contrary to the testator's intention and instructions, or, in other words, that a part of the executed instrument was not his will. 1 Jarman on Wills, 354, 355, et seq. Hippesley v. Homer, Turn. & Russ. 48, note. The remarks of Sir John Leach in the case of Earl of Newburg v. Countess of Newburg, 5 Maddock, 361. 1 Greenleaf, § 284. In order to ascertain whether the land in controversy was devised to Mrs. WVeatherhetd, and whether this was the last will of the testator, it is right to consider all the circumstances constituting the res geste at the time of the execution of the paper. I Greenleaf, § 108. In Smith v. Fenner, I Gallison, 170, the declarations of the testator before and at the time of making a will, and afterwards, if so near as to be a part of the res gest, were admitted to show fraud in obtaining the will. In the case of Reel v. Reel, 1 Hawks, N. C. 248, it was decided that evidence was admissible of the declarations of a testator made at any time subseqlient to the execution of the will, which went to show that the testator believed the contents of the will to be different from what they really
are; or declarations by testator of any other circumstances
which show that it is not his will are admissible. The sam. point was decided in the case of Howell v. Barden, 3 Devereux, 442; Hester v. Hester, 4 Devereux, 228. See also Mathews v. Warner, 4 Yes. jr. 186 to 210; Small v. Allen, 8 Duinf. & East, 147. The decision of the Supreme Court of Tennessee in Weatherhead v. Sewell et al., 9 Humphreys, 272, we contend, with great deference, proceeds upon the doctrine of refusing parol evidence to explain or add to a will in a case of construction, and does not apply to receiving evidence to show
that no will ever existed. The evidence offered and received in this cause by the Circuit Court was legal evidence to show that there was no devise to complainant of an equal share of the land of Anthony Bledsoe, and the jury had a right to draw the conclusion that there was iio will to that effect. The possession by defendants was for more than forty years, and none
of the daughters or their husbands, as devisees, ever claimed under the will according to what is now contended for the
plaintiff. 2dly. The Circuit Court did not err in their instructions
to the jury upon the law of presumption. This question of presumption did not arise at all in the case decided in 9
Humphreys, before mentioned. The doctrine of presumption has been frequently discussed in the courts of Tennessee.

356

SUPREME COVRT.

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

See Haines v. Peck's Lessee, Martin & Yerger, 228 to 237. Long-continued uninterrupted possession shall be left to a jury, as a ground upon-which they may presume that deeds, grants, records, writings, facts, &c., which cannot now be produced, had formerly a legal existence. See I Meigs's Digest,
p. 488, § 920, and cases there cited. Also, Chilton v. Wilson, 9 Humphreys, 4399; Rogers v. Mabe, 4 Devereux, 188. In these cases, the defendants have had an adverse possession of
more than forty years; partitions of the land sued for were made near fifty years before the suit was brought; the daugh-
ters and their husbands have had several possessions of the parts assigned to them, and large and valuable improlements have been made by defendants, and those under whom they claim, and the value of the land has increased near a hundredfold. David Shelby, who married one of the daughters, and who, in 1794, was guardian of Mrs. Weatherhead, and gave in her part of this land for taxes, was a man of great sagacity
and intelligence, and clerk of the County Court of Sumner for more than thirty years. He never for himself claimed, nor did his wife after his death ever claim, any of the land except
that which was assigned to her of the tract in controversy. Plaintiff and her husband lived on a part of this tract for near twenty years, and saw the other part claimed by strangers,
who were making valuable improvements. - In addition to all this, the records of the District Court of Mero were destroyed by fire in 1796, that being the court where bills for partition
and settlement of estates of dedeased persons would have been filed. Deeds of partition have been presumed in much less
time. 5 Cranch, 262; 3SPhillips on Evidenlce, 357; 5 Monroe, 518; 3 Desaussure, 555; 2 Gill & Johns. 468. To this doctrine the only answer'is, that lMvfrs. Weatherhead was a feme
covert until 1843, and therefore the law of presumption does not apply. A married woman in England formerly could not make a deed, but could convey only by fine, which is matter of record. In this country she can convey by deed and private examination, which deed can be lost or destroyed, or she may be bound by partition ordered by a court of chancery, the records of which have been burned and destroyed. In Bunce v.
Wolcott, 2 Connecticut, 27, one of the judges in delivering his opinion says.: "Upon the point of presumption, I do not know that it is entitled to any weight. The feme covert and
.her husbahd were capable of conveying the property, it was their interest to do it on sufficient consideration, and the facts
in this case warrant the presumption of 'their having done it." In Melvin v. Locks and Canals, 17 Pick. 255, the jury were allowed to presume, from certain facts and circumstances, that

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

357

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

a married woman had with her husband. conveyed land, and that was in a case where, so far as appeared, the husband alone had conveyed.
In Barnard v. Edwards, 4 N. Hamp. 321, a right of dower accrued to a widow in 1797, who neglected to make any claim of dower until 1826; such neglect was held to be competent evidence to be submitted to a jury as proof of a re-,
lease of the right, although she married again in 1798, and
remained a feme covert during the residue of the time, and had resided out of the State during the whole time. Also Tyler v.
Wilkinson, 4 Mason, 402. In the Circuit Court, the case of MeCorry v. King's Heirs, 3
Humphreys, 267, was cited to show that the principles of presumptive evidence would not apply*to a feme covert, and it could not be presumed she had executed a deed. In that case
the husband made a conveyance of the lands of the wife, she not joining therein. There the husband had estopped himself
from suing, and the wife could not sue alone. The possession of the husband's vendee was consistent with, and subordinate
to, the right of the wife and that of her heirs; the possession of the tenant for life was the possession of the remainder-man,
and there was no adverse possession. See Guion v. Anderson,
8 Humphreys, .327. In the present case, Mr. Weatherhead, her husband, made no deed, and the defendants do not claim
under him. That case therefore has no application, and where the facts and circumstances concur, a presumption can as well
be made in the case of a feme covert as of one sui juris. On the doctrine of presumptions, see Augell on Limitations, 425 to 429; Greenleaf on Evidence, §§ 44, 45, et seq.

M r. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the court. All of us agree - our learned brother who presided upon the trial of this case in the Circuit Court concurring-that so much of the testimony submitted to the jury, to show a different intention in the testator from that which his will discloses, was inadmissible. Wreatherbead v. Sewell, 9 Humph. 272; Newburgh v. Newburgh, 5 Madd. 864; Miller v. Travers, 8 Bingh. 244; 1 Greenleaf oi Evidence, 287, 289, and note. . But it was urged, as the animus testandi of a testator may be gathered from all the circumstances constituting the res gestc of the execuion of a will, that all and any of them may be used to prove thaet expressions and clauses were put into the will we are considering, contrary to the intention and instructions of the testator. Without denying altogether that
proposition, or the illustration of it in the case of Hippesley v. Homer, Turn. & Russ. 48, we think it must be admitted,,

358

SUPRIME COURT.

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al.

that the testimony for such a purpo se must be of facts unconnected with any general declaration, or wishes expressed by a testator for the disposition of his property by will. Strode v. Lady Faulkland, 3 Ch. 129; Brown v. Selwin, Cas. Temp Talb. 240. The only safe rule is, that, where a will is doubtful and uncertain, it must receive its construction from the words of the will itself, and no parol proof or declaration ought to be admitted out of the will to ascertain it. The tes-
timony offered- in this case. is of that character. That which was offered is the testimony of Hall and Ma Read. Hall's in this particular is a hearsay narrative received by him from the executor, Isaac Bledsoe. On that account it will not be further noticed. Mary Read's is not admissible, for she a4mits that she did not hear what the testator said "1w hen the -willwas writing, if he said any thing." She does not say that she heard the instructions given by the testator to Clendening, the draughtsman of the will. But she says "she recollects he said he wanted his Kentucky and Holston lands sold, and the proceeds applied .to the education of his children; that he wanted a small tract of land given to his daughters at the discretion of his executors; the balance of his land to be equally divided among his sons." Such testimony is altogether inadmissible, either for the purpose of determining the factum of a will, or to ascertain its intention. "It would indeed be of but little
avail to require that a will ab orgine should be in writing, or to fence a testator round with a guard of attesting witnesses, if, when the written instrument failed to make a full and explicit disclosure of his scheme of disposition, its deficiencies might be supplied and its inaccuracies might be corredted from extrinsic sources." In another view her testimony was ihadmissible. There is no such uncertainty in the will, that it cannot be' carried into effect without the aid of extrinsic testimony. Those words which are supposed to make it so,being void and inoperative to convey any thing, when that has been determined, cannot be used to make something else in the will ambiguous, which is certain of itself. The words are, 1'to each of my daughters a small tract of land," immediately after the testator's declaration that he desired his estate to be equally divided among his children. Estate is a comprehensive term, including all real and personal estate, and children has a legal
significancy, extending, as the ease may be, to grandchildren and even illegitimate children, but never permitting the term sons to be substituted for it, unless such shall be the plain intention of a testator in his, will in favor of sons to the exclusion of daughters. Again,the testator says iathe will, "my lands and slaves to be equally divided amongst my children." In

DECEMBER TERM, 1850.

359

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et dl.

both the terms are intelligible. They do not admit of a doubt, and must have their operation, notwithstanding there may be an intermediate expression without any legal efficacy or certain meaning. We do not think it necessary to examine further, in. connection with this case, how far parol evidence is admissible in cases of wills; or for what ambiguities in a will extrinsic testimony may be used to explain them. The case does not call ior either. In 1 Jarman, 349, ch. 13, will be found a clear and satisfactory chapter upon the admissibility of parol testimony in cases of wills, illustrated by adjudicated cases. Mr. Wigram has placed before the profession the subject of extrinsic testimony in cases of ambiguity in wills with such ability and minuteness, that it has become a treatise of author-
ity with judges and lawyers in England and the United States. We will now pass on to the instructions which the court
gave to the jury, concerning those -presumptions which they might make from the evidence, against the plaintiff, in consequence of her supposed acquiescence in what is called a partition of the testator's lands; and that they might also presume that it had been done by the order of a competent tribunal. In respect to the first, it must be remembered that the plaintiff was an infant when her father died, a minor when she married, and continued covert until within a short time before she brought this suit. Under such circumstance of disability to pursue her rights in her father's estate with the aid of the law, no presumption can rightly be made against her. The rule in such a case is, that, when a person is under a legal incapacity to litigate a right in a court of justice, and there has been no
relinquishment of it by contract, a release of it cannot be p _,sumed from circumstances over which the person has had no control, happening before the incapacity to sue has been removed. It is a general rule, having however a particular bearing in favor of married women, from the relations in which they are placed to property, and the legal disabilities resulting from coverture. It is not necessary to enumerate the latter.
One of them is, that she cannot sue, without the assent and association of her husband, for any property which she owns, or to which she may become entitled in any of the ways in which that may occur. For this cause it is, that statutes of limitation do not run against them during coverture. The
plaintiff here was protected by that of the State of Tennessee. No presumption could be made to defeat its protection, from any.conduct imputed to her, or from her husband and herself having had for any length of time a part of the testator's lands in their possession, or from any sale made of it by her husband in which she may have joined. The law will pre-

360

SUPREME COURT.

Weatherhead's Lessee v. BaskervilIe et al.

sume it to have been done under the coercion of her husband. The fact mostly relied upon for the presumption, which the
jury were told they might make, was her having united with her husband in making a sale to her brother of the land put
into their possession by her fatl'er's executor, and that she subsequently acknowledged it when discovert. The last was no more than a correct avowal that it had been done, and that the deed was operative for so much of the land as it conveyed of that larger portion to which .she was entitled out of her
father's estate. Her brother, who had received a larger portion,
knew very well with whom he was dealing, and the evidence shows that he could not have bought without knowing his sister's discontent with the division which had been made of the estate; and that her rights were only not asserted, to thq
extent of them, against himself and her other brothers, because
she had no one to do for her, and could not then do for herself.
We think that the exception taken to this part of the instructions must be maintained, and it is so,.by this court.
The point still to be noticed is so much of the instruction given to the jury, informing them that they might presume
om the evidence that there had been a legal partition of the testator's land in respect to his daughters by order of a court, when the executor assigned them certain parts of it. By the
law of Tennessee, such a partition is a judicial act and becomes a record. It can only be proved as such records may be, and when it is alleged to have been lost or destroyed, its contents can only be reached by proofs of a certain and fixed
kind well known in the law. In the proper sense of the term presutmed, the records, of courts are never so. The existence of an ancient record of another kind may sometimds be established by presumptive evidence. But that is not done without very probable proof that it once existed, and until its loss is satisfactorily accounted for. The rule in respect to ju-
dicial records is, that,7before inferior evidence can be received of their contents, their existence and loss must be clearly accounted for. It must be shown that there was such a record, that it has been lost or destroyed, or is otherwise incapable of being produced; or that its mutilation from time or accident. has made it illegible. In this last, though, not without the production of the original in the condition in which it may be.
The inferior evidence to establish the existence of a judicial record must be something bfficially connected with it, such as the journals of the court, or some other entry, though short of the judgment or record, which shows that it has been judicially made. The burning of an office and of its records is no proof that a particular record had ever existed. It only lays the

DECEMBER TERM, 1,850.

881

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et aL

foundation for the inferior evidence. If that cannot be got, the result must be, and is, that there has been an allegation of the existence of a record, without proof. There is no way of bringing it to the knowledge of others...Nor can it be said to be known certainly by him who asserts it. In this case, without any such proof, the jury was told that they might infer from the burning of the records 6f the county of Mero, and the conduct of the parties interested in-theestator's lands, that there had been a partition according to law. If the instruetion is put exclusively upon the want of pioof to justify it#it could not:be maintained. But it was contrary to the positive
proof in the record. There is proof that the lands assigned to the daughters of the testator had been done by their uncle and their father's executor, without any legal order- f 'partition. Hall says Isaac Bledsoe, the executor, laid off the land-to the four daughters of the testator in 1793.We will give his
words. " About the time that Isaac Bledsoe was about to lay off the land to the four oldest daughters, witness was prepent to wit, in 1793; and witness asked him wbat he considered would be a small tract of land under the wlli, when Colonel Bledsoe observed to him, that less than 320 acres woul. .nqt make a good plantation, and that he iritended to.give his own daughters 320 acres each; and that he intended to alsign to
his brother's daughters 320 acres of the best of the land out of the Greenfield survey, and dbne so." The proof is pQsitive, that the portions of that survey subsequently occupied by the daughters and their husbands were assigned to them by the executor upon his owii construction of the will, and without any order for a partition by any court.. It repels all contrary Inferences from any other evidence in the case.
We have sought to put this case upon the plainest footing
in the shortest way, and without much which might have been written in support of our conclusion, from an unwilling ness to embarrass it with what raight have been proper, but which is not necessary.
The judgment of the Circuit Court is reversed.

Order.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the rec-

ord from the Circuit Court of the United States for -the Middle

District of Tennessee, and was argued by counsel. On con-

sideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by

this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court .inthis

cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs, and that

this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said

Circuit Court, with directions to award a venire facias de nom

VOL. X1.

31

