274

SUPREME 'COURT.

De Forest et al. v. Law'rence.

WILLIAM W. DE FOREST, GEORGE F. THOMAS, AND ROBERT W. RODMAN, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, V. CORNELIUS W. LAW-
IENCE, LATE COLLECTOR OF NEW YORK.

The tariff law of 1846, passed on the 30th of July, (9 Stat. at Large, 42,) contains no special mention of imported sheepskins, dried witA the wool remaining on them.
They must be regarded as a non-enumerated article, and charged, -with a duty of twenty per cent. ad valorem.

THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York. The plaintiffs in error, W. W. De Forest & Co. sued the col-
lector to recover back money paid under protest, for duties on importations into New York, in the years 1847 and 1848, from :Buenos Ayres,.invoiced as sheepskins, having the wool on
them. The collector (under instructions from the Secretary of the
Treasury) demanded and received a duty of thirty per cent. 'ad
valorem on the wool upon the sheepskins, and a duty of five per cent. ad valorem upon the pelts.

The wool upon the skins was appraised at, .

Duty thereon at thirty per cent.,

5,578.95

Skins without the wool, -.

Duty thereon at five per cent., .

498.60"

$18,596.52 . 9,972.14

Total valuation of wool and skins,

S0$28,568.66.

Total duty,

$6,077.55

Whilst the collector thus charged one duty upon the skin and another upon the wool, the importers claimed to enter the articles at a duty of five per cent. upon the whole, and the court
decided that the proper duty to be charged was twenty per cent. upon the entire valuation.
The cause of this great difference of opinion was as follows: By the act of 19th May, 1828, (4 Stat. at Large, 271, chap. 55, sect. 2, first paragraph,) a duty is imposed on wool unmanufactured: "And- all wool imported on the skin shall be estimated as to weight and value, and shall pay the same rate of duty, as other imported wool." By the act of July 14, 1832, (same vol. chap. 227, sect. 2, first
paragraph; p. 684,) wool unmanufactured is charged with duty: "Provided, that wool imported on the skin shall be estimated, as
to weight and value, as other wool.",
By the act of 30th August, 1842, (5 Stat. at Large, chap. 270,

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

275

De Forest et al. v. Lawrence.

sect. 1, paragraph first, p. 548,) a duty on wool unmanufactured is imposed: "Provided, also, that wool imported on the skin shall be estimated, as to weight and value, as other wool."
In the 5th sect. and sixth paragraph of that same act, of 1842, (p. 554,) duties are imposed "on sheepskins, tanned and dressed, or skivers, two dollars per dozen; on goat or sheepskins, tanned and riot dressed, one dollar per dozen; on all kid and lambskins, tanned and not dressed, seventy-five cents per dozen; and on skixis tanned and dressed, otherwise than in color, to wit, fawn,
kid, and lamb, usually known as chamois, one dollar per dozen; . . . on raw hides of all kinds, whether dried or salted, five per
cent. ad valorem; on all skins pickled and in casks, not specified, twenty per cent. ad valorern."
Subsequently to these three statutes, so mentioning and distinguishing those three several classes of imports, eame the
statute of 30th July, 1846, (9 Stat. at Large, (Little & Brown,) chap. 74, p. 42,) entitled " An act reducing the duties on importe, and for other purposds."
The first section enacted, that, from and after the first day of December then next, "in lieu of the duties heretofore imposed
by law, on the articles hereinafter mentioned, and on such as may be now exempt from duty, there shall be collected, levied, and paid, on the goods, wares, and merchandise, herein enumerated and provided for, imported from foreign countries, the fol. lowing rates of duty." Then follows the enumeration of various articles, subject to various duties, in schedules from A to H, ranging from duties of one hundred per centum to five per centurn ad valorem.
Section 2 enacts that the goods "mentioned in .chedule I,
shall be exempt from duty." Section 3. imposes on all goods, wares, and merchandise im-
ported from foreign countries, "and not specially provided for
in this act, a duty of twenty per centum ad valorem." In schedule C, of articles subject to thirty per cent. ad valo-
rem, "wool unmanufactured'" is mentioned, but "wool imported upon the skin" is not specially provided for thcrein. In schedule II, among other articles subject to the duty of five per cent. ad valorem, "raw hides and skins of all kinds, whether dried, salted, or pickled," are mentioned; but "wool imported on the skin" is not therein mentioned. In schedule I, of arti-
cles exempt from duty, wool imported on the skin, is not men-
tioned, neither is it mentioned in any one of the schedules, from
A to I inclusive. On the trial of the case in the Circuit Court, Mr. Justice
Nelson instructed the jury that the article came most appropriately within the schedule of non-enumerated articles, and as
such was chargeable with a duty of twenty per cent.

SUPREME COURT.
De Forest et al. v. Lawrence.
To which charge the counsel for the plaintiffs excepted, on the ground that the court should have charged the jury that the article imported by the plaintiffs, raw sheepskins dried, fell under schedule H, of the Tariff of 1846, and was not a non-enumerated article, but on the contrary, was enumerated under saiut schedule H, and was liable only to a duty of five per cent., and not to a duty of 20 per cent. That the said article being a raw skin dried, and being not otherwise specifically provided for in said act, was liable only to the same rate of duty as all other raw skins dried. And the counsel for the said plaintiffs requested the court to charge the said jury accordingly, which request was refused by the court, and the counsel for t1e plaintiffs thereupon excepted.
Upon this exception, the cause came up to this court, and was argued by Mr.Schley, for the plaintiffs in error, and by 1r. Crittenden, (Attorney-General,) for the d~fendant.
The points for the plaintiffs in error were the following: I. The Tariff of 1846 provides, 1. For such articles of import as are " specially enumerated," as liable to certain rates of duty. 2. Such as are "exempt" from duty; and 3. Such as are not 41specially provided for in this act," but, as non-enumerated articles, are made subject generally to a duty of twenty per cent. ad valorem. II. If an article is not "specially enumerated," or 11exe m pt," it must fall under the third class of "non-enumerated" articles. This act, therefore, provides for every possible article of import, and whether any duty is leviable, and if so, at what rate, is to be tested by this act alone. ITL The terms "skins" and 9chides " are general descriptions or denominations of certain classes of articles, known by that name both as natural products and as articles of merchandise aIndIt ciosmtomberecep.resumed that Congress used and intended ihem to be understood as they are ordinarily used and understood. The "skin" or the "hide," the covering of the flesh of animals, as a composite article, has parts: the fleece and the pelt. When the general term is used, the parts are included; as in speaking of the head, we include the eyes or the. hai. IV. f the article is to be removed from its natural and commercial classification, be broken up, and one part be artificially classed as wool, or hair, or fur, this can onaly be done by express provision. Such an instance of separation appears in scheaule G, where "furs undressed, when on the skin," are made liable to a duty of ten per cent.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851

277

De Forest et al. v. Lawrence.

V. " Wool" and "hair" are used to designate a certain portion of the covering of the animal after it is shorn, clipped, or cut off the skin; until clipped or cut they are a part of the skin.
A contract for wool would not justify a delivery of sheepskins;
nor a contract for sheepskins, a delivery either of wool, or of a pelt shorn of the wool.
, VI. "Wool unmnanufactured," mentioned in schedule C, and
"hair of all kinds, uncleaned and unmanufactured," mentioned in schedule G, refer to wool and hair, clipped or cut, and not to the skin or hide with the wool or hair on, in its natural state. When the skin or hide is shorn, one part is denominated wool or hair, and the remainder is no longer termed a "skin," but a
"pelt." VII. Thus as "hair" pays a duty of ten per cent, but the
skin with the hair on, only a duty of five per cent., in the case of a deerskin; so in the case of a sheepskin, while the "wool" pays a duty of thirty per cent., the skin with the wool on should pay only a duty of five per cent.
VIII. The terms " skins" and "hides" are generic, and include all kinds of skins and hides. Schedule H, embodies this idea in words, "hides and skins of all kinds," and intends the hide or skin of every animal, deer, sheep, calf, horse, &c. Though all these are known in trade as hides and skins, yet to distinguish them, the denominations of deerskins, sheepskins, calfskins, horsehides, &c., are appropriately used. To say that because one kind of skins is called "sheepskins," and another

"deerskins," &c., they are by such distinctive terms, removed

from tie general class designated in schedule H, "hides and

skins of all kinds," would be to destroy the class entirely; for

one after another, every kind of hide and skin could be thus re-

moved until no kind would be left. If, because a particular skin
is called in commerce a sheepskin, it is removed from the genus "skin," by the same argument Saxony wool, or Smyrna wool,

would not be comprised under "wool unmanufactured;" nor

camwood or fustic, under "dye woods," in schedule H; nor

horsehair under "hair of all kinds," nor beaver fur under "furs,"

nor emeralds under "precious stones," in schedule G, &c.

It is obvious that such a rule of construction would destroy

the tariff. Does~a stone cease to be a precious stone because it

is called an emerald? or a skin cease to be a skin because it is

called a sheepskin?

IX. If schedule H, then, merely described "hides and skins

of all kinds," a sheepskin would be comprised under it as ap-

- propriately as any other kind of skin.

X. But schedule H requires that the "hide or skin " should

be "raw," that is, unmanufactured or undressed, in order to

VOL, XIII.

24

278

SUPREME COURT.

Do Forest et al. v. Lawrence.

bring it under that echedule. The article in question in this case, was "raw." Again, schedule H requires that it should be "dried," 6salted," or "pickled," (various ways of preserving the skins.) The article in~question was "dried."
XL The Buenos Ayres sheepskins imported by the plaintiffs were "raw skins, dried," and as such, were articles enumerated in schedule H, and liable only to a duty of five per cent.
In the argument of these points,.the counsel referred to the following authorities: 1 Sumner, C. C. Rep. 166; 1 Story's C. C. Rep. 341, 560, 610; 2 Id. 374; 8 Peters, 277; 10 Id. 137; 3 How. 106; 7 Id. 786; 1 Excheq. R. 281 ; Hume's Laws of the Customs, 284, 287.

A1r Crittenden.- The importation must fall within the class of articles embraced in the third section of the act of 1846, as not specially otherwise provided for, and thereby be subjected ':o a duty of twenty per cent. ad valorem.
"Wool, imported on the skin," was; by the act of 1828, sub-
jected to a specific duty of four cents per pound, and"also in addition to an ad valoremduty of forty per cent. ; and also increasing annually by five per cent.; until the ad valorem duty
amounted to fifty per centum; by the act of 1832, it was subjected to a specific duty of four cents per pound, with the addition
of an ad valorem duty of forty per cent.; and by the act of 1842, it was subjected- to a specific duty of three cents per pound, with the additional duty of thirty per centum ad valorerm. So stood the revenue laws in the statute books when the revenue act of 30th July, 1846, was framed, and under consideration, and passed. It is not reasonable to suppose that "wool imported on the skin," an article of foreign importation, which had been, eo nomine, so long distinguished from "raw hides and skins," by different descriptions, and by different rates of d imposed on them, respectively, were, by the act of 1846, con-
founded and subjected to one and the same rate of duty, under one and the same name.
By the well-established rules of construing statutes, "if divers statutes relate to the same thing, they ought all to be taken into consideration in construing any one of them." Where there are-different statuies in pari materia, though made at different times, or even expired, and not referring to each other, they shall be taken and construed together as one system, and as explanatory of each other. Rex v. Loxdale and others, 1 Burr. 447; 4 Bac. Abr. Statute (I.) 3, 646; The King v. Mason, 2 Term R. 586; Allesbury v. Pattison, Douglas, 30; 1 Black. Comm. 60, and Tutker's note, 3; Dwarris on Sta-
tutes, 700.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

270

De Forest et al. v. Lawrence.

The revenue laws of the United States are all to be taken together as one system, one statute as explanatory of another. The revenue act of 30th July, 1846, has reference expressly to the former law for imposing duties and for exempting articles
from duties. · In accordance with the established rules for construing sta-
tutes, "wool, imported on the skin," so noticed as an article of commerce, and as such subjected to duty, in acts of 1828, 1832, and 1842, cannot be lost sight of in construing the act of 30th July, 1846; that article of commerce not being other-
wise specially provided for in any of the schedules, from Ak to I
inclusive, must, of course, come under the general provision of
the third section, which imposes the duty of twenty per cent. ad valbrem upon all goods imported from abroad, not otherwise
specially provided for in the act. After the distinctions so clearly drawn, in the revenue law of
1842, between sheepskins, imported with the wool on the skin, and raw hides and skins, dried, salted, or pickled, a construction of the act of 1846, would be preposterous and in viola-
tion of the established rules, which should obliterate that distinction, force sheepskins imported with the wool on the skin into the denomination of raw hides, to be subjected to the same rate of duty as if they had been imported divested of the wool.
The evidence adduced 5y the plaintiffs established, without doubt, that the sheepskins were imported with the wool on the skin. The law applicable to the fact made the importatione
liable to the rate of duty provided in the third section of the act
of 1846.
The opinions of the witnesses introduced by the plaintiffs, that sheepsk ins, imported with the wool on the skin, dried, as it came
from the body of the sheep, may be comprehended under the deno iiination of raw hides and skins dried, cannot change the law, can have no legal effect to alter the construction of the
statutes. It is the province of the witness to testify as to fact; it is the province of the judge to pronounce the law applicable to the fact.

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court. This is a writ of error to the Circuit Court of the. Southern
District of the State of New York. The action was brought by the plaintiffs againsl the defend-
ant, the late collector of the port of New York, to recover back an excess of duties paid under protest on an article imported from
Buenos Ayres, described in the invoices and entries as "sheepskins." The importations were under the tariff act of 1846. The
article was imported with the wbol on the skins, and by the in.

SUPREME COUET.
De Forest et al. v. Lawrence.
structions of the Secretary of the Treasury, the collector was di" rected to cause the-wool to be estimated and appraised, and to be charged with a duty of thirty per cent. ad valorem under schedule C, and five per cent. on the skin, under schedule H. The plaintiffs claim that no more than a duty of five per cent. ad valoren should be charged upon the entire article. It is usually described, in the invoices, and shipped as sheepskins, and known in trade and commerce by that designation. The skin is in the same condition as when taken from the animal, except it is dried. It is not dressed.
The court below charged the jury, that the article came within neither of the schedules mentioned, but was more properly a non-enumerated article, and chargeable with a duty of twenty per cent. ad valorem. And judgment was rendered in the case accordingly.
By the act of May 19, 1828, (4 Stat. at Large, 271, sect. 2,) a duty is charged upon wool imported on the skin; and direction is given to estimate it as to weight and value, and impose the same duty as*on other imported wool.
A similar provision is found in the act of July 14, 1832, (Id. 584, sect. 2,) and also, in the act of August 80,1842, (5 Id. 548.)
The article is not enumerated according to its previous designation in the revenue laws in the act of July 30, 1846, (Sess. Laws, 68,) and, of course, no duty is specifically charged upon it in that act as in the previous acts. But it is claimed, on the part of the plaintiffs, that it falls within the description under schedule H, "raw hides, and skins of all kinds, whether dried, salted, or pickled, not otherwise provided for," and which are chargeable only with a duty of five per cent. ad valorem.
This description was obviously taken from the act of 1842, (sect. 5, para. 6,) ".on raw hides of all kinds, whether dried or salted,/five per cent. ad valorem ; on all skins pickled, and in casks, not specified, twenty per cent. ad velorem."
The only difference between this act, and the present one is, that the two classes, "raw hides," and "1 ins," are nbw ranged in one class, and the duty of five per cent. charged upon each. "Skins pickled," are classed with "-raw hides dried or salted," which latter article, it is ivell known, is extensively imported into the country for the purpose of being manufactured into leather, and the duty is fixed at a low rate for the encouragement of the manufacturer.'
In this same act of 1842, it will be remembered, sheepskins, imported with the wool on, were charged with a specific duty, the same as unmanufactured wool, thus distinguishing the article from skins pickled, referred to in the 6th paragraph of the 5th sect. of that act.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

281

De Forest et al. v. Lawrence.

We have no doubt, from the association of skins with raw hides in the act of 1846, in'connection with the description, and classification in the act of 1842, that they should be regarded as an article imported, like raw hides, for the purpose of being manufactured; and, by no reasonable construction, can be regarded as descriptive of the article in question.
The argument is quite as strong, and we think stronger, in favor of ranging the article under the clause in schedule E: "skins of all kinds, not otherwise provided for," and which is chargeable with a duty of twenty per cent. ad valorem.
Neither do we think that the article can be separated, and a duty charged separately upon the estimated quantity of the wool, and upon the skin, according to the rate chargeable upon each. This would be the introduction of a principle in the con-
struction of the revenue acts heretofore unknown, and which has no countenance in the provisions of the acts themselves. . The 20th section of the act of 1842 looks to the component parts of a manufactured article of two or more materials in fixing the duty; but does not separate it, and charge the.duty on each part according to the class to which it belongs. It assesses the
duty on the entire article at the highest rate at which any of
the component parts might be charged.' Itis difficult also to say to what length this principle, if admit-
ted, must be carried in construing these act . It couldnot, consistently, be limited to the article in question; for, while skins, dried, are charged only with the duty of five per cent. ad valorem, "hair of all kinds" is chargeable with a duty of ten per cent. ; and the same rule of construction that would separate the sheepskin, and charg6 a duty separately on the wool, and on the skin, would require the deerskin, with the hair on, to be separated, and the duty to be levied on each part. And so, in respect to every other skin dried, salted, or pickled, imported with the hair on.
It is true, that in the acts of 1828, 1832, and 1842, in each of
which a specific duty was charged upon the wool imported on sheepskins, the appraisers were directed to estimate the weight and value, for the purpose of assessing the duty. But'the article was not divided, as no separate duty was assessed upon the sldn by either of these acts. The act of 1842 assessed a duty upon "skins piclded and in casks," but skins imported with the wool on, when separated from the wool, would not
fall within this description. The whole duty, therefore, that could be properly assessed upon the article was assessed upon the estimated quantity of wool imported upon it.
The article has never been classed in any of the tariff acts under the designation of skins; but has been charged always,
24 *

282

SUPREME COURT.

De Forest et al. v. Lawrnce.

since it came under the notice of these acts, with a specific duty. It has been thus charged,, since the act of 1828, down to
the present act, a period of some eighteen years. And, although it has been invoiced, and is known in trade and commerce, by
the designation of sheepskin raw, and dred, and may, generally speaking, be properly ranged under the donomination of skins, as a class; yet, having a known designation in the revenue acts, distinct from the general class to which it might otherwise be assigned, we must regard the article in the light in which it is viewed by thiese acts, rather than in trade and commerce. For, when Congress, in legislating on the subject of duties, has described an article so as to identify it by a given designation for revenue purposes, and this has been so long continued as to impress on it a particular designation as an article of import, then it must be treated as a distinct article, whether there be evidence that it is so known in commerce or not. It must be taken as thus known in the sense of the revenue laws, by reason of the legal designation given tc it, and by which it has been known and 'practised on at the custom-bouse.
It is but fair to presume, after having been treated by the law-makers for a considerable length of time as an article
known by this designation, with a view to the assessment of the rate of duty upon it, that, if intended to be charged specifically, or by enumeration, the designation by which, it was
known to them would have been used, instead of the one known to trade and commerce, if that should be different.
The 3d section of the act of 1846, enacts, that on all goods,
wares, and merchandise not specifically provided for in the act, a duty of twenty per cent. atd valorenm shall be charged.
Under the foregoing view of the law of the case, sheepskins, imported with the wool on, must be regarded -as a non-enumer-
ated article, and fall within-this third sectioi. The probability is, that the enumeration was omitted from
an oversight, else the article would have been chargeable with a duty in the way provided for in the act of: 1842. But, having
been omitted, and not specifically provided for, it necessarily comes within the section mentioned, and subject to a duty of twenty per cent. ad valorem.
We are of. opinion, therefore, the judgment of the court below was right, and should be affirmed.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record -from the -Circuit Court of, the -iited States for the Southern District of New York; and was argued by counsel,

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

283

Walsh et al. v. Rogers et al.

oi consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs and damages, at the rate of six per cent. per annum.

JOHN WALSH, EDWARD WALSH, AND DICKINSON B. MOREHEAD,
-OWNERS OF THE STEAMBOAT IOWA, APPELLANTS, V. PATRICK
ROGERS, THOIAS SHERLOCK, JOHN B. SIMMAONS, EDWARD MONTGOMERY, JOHN W. BAKER, AND P. A. ANSHUTE, CLAIM-
ANTS OF THE STEAMBOAT DECLARATION, HER TACKLE; APPAREL,
AND"FURNITURE.
In a case of collision, upon the River AIississippi, between the steamboats Iowa and Declaration, whereby the Iowa was sunk, the weight of evidence was, that the Iowa was in fault, and the libel filed by her owners against the owners of the Declaration was properly dismissed.
Ezr parte depositions, under the act of 1789, without notice, ought not be taken, unless in circumstances of absolute necessity, or in cases of mere formal'proof or of some isolated fact.
THIS was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
The libel was filed by the appellants, in the District Court, where they obtained a decree on the 1st May, 1848, for $18,500 and costs. Ail appeal was taken to the Circuit Court.
On the 19th of February, 1850, the cause was heard finally in thp Circuit Court, and upon consideration of all the testimony, as well that considered by the District Court, as the testimony subsequently'taken, and arguments of counsel, the judgment of The District Court was declared to be erroneous, was ordered to be reversed and annulled, and the libel to be dismissed at the costs of the appellants.
The libellants then appealed to this court
It was argued by _41r. Fendalland Hl!r. Ohilton, for the appellants, and .11r.Badger,for the appellees.
The questions were exclusively those of fact and evidence, as will be seen by a reference to the opinion of the cohrt. No question of law was raised in the case.
Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court. This case presents no question of law for our decision. As is usual in cases of collision, each party makes out a good case by the testimony of the pilot and crew of his own boat. This collision occurred, also, after night; and although the night was

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

295

Tremlett v. Adams.

ern District of Mississippi, and was,argued by ebunsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said District Court, with directions to award a venirefacias de novo, and to proceed therein in conformity with the opinion of this court.

TnOMAs TREMLET-T, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JOSEPH T. ADAMS.
The tariff law of July 30, 1846 (9 Stat. at Large, 42.) reduced the duties on imported coal, and was to tak effect on the 2d of December, 1846. The sixth section provided thdt all goods, which might be in the publio-stores on that day, should pay only the reduced duty.
On the 6th of August, 1846, (9 Stat. at-Large, 53,) Congress passed the Warehousing Act, authorizing importers, under certain circumstances, to deposit their goods in the public stores, and to draw them out and pay the duties at any time within one year.
But this right was confined to a port of entry, unless extended, by reghation of the Secretary of the Treasury, to a port of delivery.
Therefore, where New Bedford was the port of entry, and Wareham a port of delivery, the collector of New Bedfori (acting under the direetion,s of the Secretary, of the Treasury) was right in refusing coal to be entered for warehousing at Wareham.
Where an importer deposited a sum of money, as estimated auties, with the collector, which, upon adjustment, was found to exceed the true duty by a small amount, and the collector offered to pay it back, but the importer refused to receive it, the existence of this small balance is not sufficient reason for reversing the jude ment of the Circuit Court, which was in favor of the collector.
THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court for the District of Massachhsetts.
It was a suit brought in the Circuit Court, by Thomas Tremr lett, a merchant of Boston, against Adams, the collector of the port of New Bedford, for return of duties.
The case is stated in the bill of exceptions, which was as follows:
This was an action of assumpsit, brought against the defendant, collector for the port of New Bedford, to recover the sum of twenty-two hundred and sixty-seven dollars, seventyseven cents, and interest, excess of duties upon sundry cargoes of coal, imported into the port of Wareham, in the collection district of New Bedford, by the plaintiff, and claimed to be illegally exacted by said defendant, and paid by said plaintiff under protest.
At the trial of the case before his honor, Judge Sprague, the folldwing facts were admitted by the defendant, namely:
1st. That, in the months of September and October, 1846,

296

SUPREME COURT

Tremlett v. Adams.

the plaintiff, Thomas Trerlett, a merchant of Boston, imported from Pictou, in Nova, Scotia, into the porb of Wareham, in the collection district of New Bedford, nine cargoes of coal, as follows, namely:

Brig Indfis

,

Schooner Congress

Brig Mary Sophia

Barque Acadia .

Brig Charles :Edward

Schooner Armida .

Brig Hudson

" .

Brig.China

Brig Moselle

Chaldros. T. Cwt. Qrs]

Duty

Money

h s. charged, deposited.

121 1-5 157 13

132

173 19

116 1-6 153 10

249 11-12 329 7 153 3-12 I 210 19

161 5-12 212 14

161 2-12 212 7

173 8-12 . 228 1

289 8-12 249 1

1458 9-12 19221 8

2 1 12 0 16 2 12 0 10 0 26 1 26 3 16
1 12 0 8
1126

$279 44 304 42 268 68 576 37 333 43 372 27 371 69 400 52 457 32
$3364 14

$285 00 315 00 280 00 575 00 360 00 375 00 375 00 400 00 438 00
$3403 00

Amounting, in the aggregate, to 1,45S,! chaldrons, or 1,922 tons, 8 cwt. 1 qr. 26 lbs., as appears by the custom-house re-
cords. These several cargoes of coal were shipped at Pictou, for
the port of Wareham, a port of delivery only; and, upon the arrjval at that poit of the first-mentioned vessel, the brig Indus,
on or about the 3d of September, 1846, the plaintiff made application at the custom-house in New Bedford, to the defend,ant, Joseph T. Adams, then collector at said port, to enter said coal, for warehousing, at Wareham, aforesaid, under the provisions of the act of Congress, entitled, "An act to establish a
wa:rehousing system," &c., passed August; 6th, i846. But -the defendant refused" to allow the plaintiff toenter said coal for warehousing, as aforesaid, under the act aforesaid, because said Wareham was not a port of entry, but' a port of delivery; and
required him, if he would land said coal at said Wareham, to enter the same under the act for the collection of duties, passed August 30th, 1842, and to deposit $285 to cover the duties
which might be found to be legally due and payable thereon. The plaintiff, in order that said vessel might be permitted to discharge her cargo, complied with this requisition, first entering the following protest in writing:
"I protest against paying duties, wishing to warehouse the coal per brig Indus, from Pictou ;" and signed " Thomas Trem-
lett, by his attorney, Jacob Parker." The usual permit was then granted by the collector, to land
the coal from said vessel at said Wareham, and the coal was accordingly landed; and, upon the arrival at said Wareham of the other cargoes of coal, by the several vessels above named,

DECEMBER t-ERM, 1851.

297

Tremlett v. Adams.

said plaintiff made like applications to the defendant, at the collector's office at New Bedford, to enter each cdrgo foi warehousing under said act of August 6th, f846, at Wareham,
aforesaid.
But the defendant, in like manner, as in the case of the brig Indus, refused permission to warehouse, as aforesaid, and required the plaintiff to make the same entry as in that case, and deposit a sum of money upon the entry of each cargo, sufficient to cover the duties which might be found to be legally due and payable thereon, under the provisions of the act of August 20th, 1842, the plaintiff first entering a protest in writing, in each case, and upon the entry of each cargo, in manner and
form as in the case of the brig Indus, above mentioned; and said coal was thereupon landed, and deposited in the same
manner as that per brig Indus. 2d. That all of said coal, landed at said Wareham from the
above-named vessels, was deposited in one pile, and remained in the place where it was originally deposited until after De-
cember 19th, 1846. 3d. That the aggregate sum deposited with the defendant by
the plaintiff, to cover the amount of duties on the several cargoes of coal above mentioned, was $3,403, and the duties on said coal, computed under the Tariff Act of August 30, 1842, would amount to $3,364.14; that by the act of July 30, 1846, the duties on the coal in question would amount to $1,135.23.
4th. That the brigs Indus and Mary Sophia -were British ves. sels; that it has been the invariable practice of the collectors at New Bedford, for more than twenty years, to allow foreign vessels the same rights and privileges, as to unlading and discharging their cargoes at the port of Wareham, that are granted to American vessels, and that no objection was made or intimated by the defendant to the ploiniff to his landing the cargoes of said "Indus" and "Mary Sophia" at said Wareham.
5th. That said Wareham is the principal port, in the collec-
tion district of New Bedford, where coal is imported for consumption.
6th. That the defendant, on or before the 19th of December, 1846, delivered to the plaintiff's attorney a statement of the balance due to the plaintiff for money deposited, over and above
the amount of duties claimed on the nine cargoes of coal aforesaid, amounting to $38.86, and offered then to pay the same to M. Parker, the plaintiff's attorney, which he declined to receive; and that- on the 13th of November, 1849, Mr. Adams, the defendant, tendered the same amount in specie to Thomas Tremlett, the plaintiff, at his office in Boston, which he refused to receive, and informed the defendant that in 1846 he instructed Mr. Parker, his attorney, not to receive it.

SUPREME COURT.
Tremlett v. Adams.
7th. That the paper hereto annexed marked A, is a true copy of the commission under which D. Nye aated as an officer of the revenue, from the date of the commission till after January, 1849; and that the paper marked B, annexed hereto, is a true copy of an official letter, received by D. Nye from said defendant, at or about the time it bears date, and that the papers annexed, marked C and D, are true copies of official letters received by the defendant from the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States.
Boston, December 13th, 1849. (The paper marked A was merely an authority to David Nye to act as deputy-collector, inspector, gauger, weigher, and measurer, for the port of Wareham, dated October 3, 1843. The paper marked B was an authority to Nye, from Adams, under the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury, to warehouse coal, &c., at Wareham, under the Warehousing Act of 1846. But this authority was dated August 22, 1848. The paper marked C was dated August 27th, 1846, and was a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury to Adams, refusing to allow any article to be warehoused without the limits of a port of entry. The paper marked D was from the same to same, dated July 5th, 1849, merely saying that the District Attorney had been instructed.to defend Adbms in the suit brought by Tremlett.) Upon those facts the plaintiff, by his counsel, requested the court to rule and instruct the jury, 1st. That the right or privilege of warehousing goods at any ports or places within the United States :_s regulated by the laws of Congress, which specify the ports and -olaces at which, and the manner in which, such warehousing shall be permitted, and that no discretion as to the selection of such ports or places, or, as to the manner in which such warehousing shall be allowed, is reposed in the collector, or any other executive officer. The plaintiff further requested the court to rule and instruct
the jury,2d. That by law there is no distinction as to the exercise of
such right of warehousing between ports of entry and ports of delivery, and that if the plaintiff at the time had a right, under the existing laws, to warehouse his goods in'a port of entry in any district in the United States, he had equally a right to waiehouse them at any port of delivery in such district, upon complying with the requirements of the laws regulating the warehousing of goods.
The plaintiff further requested the court to rule and instruct the jury, -
3d. That the plaintiff, being unlawfully prevented from ware-

DECEM1BER TERM, 1851.

299

Tremlett v. Adams.

housing his goods as aforesaid, and required to pay duties upon them according to the rates established by the Tariff Law of 1842, ought to recover of the defendant the difference between the amount of duties chargeable under the Tariff Act of 1842 and that under the Tariff Act of 1846, and interest thereon from the time of payment of the several sums.
The plaintiff further requested the court to rule and instruct
the jury, 4th. That if,upon the facts, the plaintiff could not recover the
whole of the difference between the amount of duties properly
chargeable under the act of 1842, and the amount properly chargeable under the act of 1846, he was entitled to recover the sum of $38.86, being the surplus in the defendant's hands over and above the amount of the duty properly chargeable according to the act of 1842. But the court refused to give the in-
structions so prayed for; but, on the contrary thereof, did rule and instruct the jury that the plaintiff could not maintain his
action, nor recover either of said sums of money, or any part thereof; to all which rulings and instructions the plaintiff excepts, and prays that his exceptions may be allowed.
PELEG SPRAGUE, [SEAL.]
udg-e, 4-c. The jury accordingly found for the defendant, and upon these exceptions, the case came up to this court.

It was argued by Mr. Sherman, for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr. Bibb, for the defendant in error. There was also an elaborate brief on the same side, filed by Mr. Cittenden, (Attor-
ney-General.)

1Mr. Sherman, for the plaintiff in error, contended that the court below erred,-
1st. In refusing the instructions prayed for in behalf of the
plaintiff below. 2d. In the instructions which it gave to the jury.
(The arguments of the counsel upon both sides were founded upon a minute examination of preceding laws, which it would be difficult to compress withiR reasonable limits, and at the same time do justice to the arguments. The reporter, therefore, con-
fines himself to a mere statement of the points.) Mr. Sherman united both the above points in his arguments. 1st. That, under the Constitution and laws of the United
States, a right existed to warehouse tlke coal at a port of delivery. 2d. The right to warehouse at the port in.question being given
by law, the plaintiff could. not be deprived of that right by any instructions issued by the Secretary of the Treasury to carry the

300

SUPREME COURT.

Tremlett v. Adama.

act into effect. . Sect. 5 of Warehousing Act, 9 Stat. at Large, 53; Tracy & Balister v. Swartwout, 10 Pet. 95; Elliot v. Swartwout, 10 Pet. 153; and Greely v. Thompson, 10 How.
234, decided at the last term of the Supreme Court. 3d. The defendant, as collector of the customs, having de-
prived the plaintiff of the right to warehouse his said nine cargoes of coal at Wareham, and to enter the same, under the Tariff Act of July, 1846, upon the payment of $1,135.13, the duty imposed on the same by that act, and exacted of the plaintiff a deposit of money, as for duties, amounting to $3,403, the plaintiff has a right to recover the difference, with interest.
4th. Or, otherwise, if it be decided that the duties were legally due under the Tariff Act of 1842, amounting to $3,364.11, the plaintiff having deposited with the defendant the sum of $3,403, is entitled to recover the difference, viz., $38.89, with interest.
Boyden v. Moore, 5 Mass. R. 365, 369; Breed v. Hurd, 6 Pick. 356; Whipple v. Newton, 17 Pick. 168.

On the other hand, the counsel for the defendant in error contended that the first, second, and third instructions, as moved, were not according to the law of the case upon the facts established by the evidence, and facts pertinent to the issue, which no evidence conduced to prove, (and are therefore to be considered as not having existed.) They would, if given, have misled the jury.
'The first and second instructions moved, misconstrue the revenue laws. Important distinctions between ports of entry and delivery, and ports of deivery only, are made by the laws. The Secretary of the Treasury had a discretion to refuse to suffer coal to be warehoused at ports of delivery only, where no col-
lector, naval officer, or surveyor resided; where the collector of the port of entry had to dispharge, at one, two, or three ports of delivery only, annexed to his collection district, all the duties of collector, naval officer, and surveyor; and where, in the opinion of the Secretary, the additional charge of a permanent officer to reside at the port of delivery only, with the rent to be paid for warehouses, would overgo the receipts from storage, and dimi-
nish the revenue at such port of delivery only. The third instruction moved by the plaintiff, when applied to
the facts of the case, assumes, in the firs-; place, that the Secretary of the Treasury "unlawfully" prevented the warehousing of the coal at Wareham; and in the next place assumes that,
because the collector obeyed the instructions of the Secretary, the defendant became a wrongdoer; aneL in the third place as-
sumes that the defendant is liable, and, in the language of the count, became .indebted to the plaintiff, and promised him to

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

301

Tremlett v. Adams.

pay the difference of duty on the coal between the Tariff of

1842, and that of December, 1846. If the Secretary of the Treasury had been sued as the wrong-

doer instead of the collector, the Secretary could have defended and maintained his instructions against warehousing coal at

Wareham, a port of delivery only, as being a lawful exercise of

a discretionary power confided by the revenue laws existing before the act to establish a system of warehousing, not impaired

by that act, but confirmed by its fifth section; which discretionary power so given by the laws, was. necessary and proper to

the uniformity and efficiency of the system of revenue from the

customs, over which the judicial department has no control. The second proposition assumed by the plaintiff, that the de-

fendant, in obeying the instructions to him as collector, by the

Secretary of the Treasury, against warehousing the coal at the

port of Wareham, became thereby a wrongdoer, and liable to

the plaintiff for damages, would not follow, if it were conceded, that the Secretary of the Treasury, in the exercise of his func-

tions, erred in the construction of the revenue laws, and thereupon issued wrong instructions to the collector against ware-

housing at Wareham. The third assumption, as to the amount of the remote conse-
quential damages, would not follow from the plaintiff's first and

second premises, if they were conceded.

The conduct of the defendant, as collector, whether he pur-

sued the right line of his duty, or departed from it and became

a trespasser, and if a wrongdoer for what damages he became

responsible, are matters to be adjudged by the laws in force de-

fining his duties as collector at the time when the plaintiff made

his protest against the conduct of the collector; not by the error of the Secretary of the Treasury, whom the law had put over

him as a light, a guide, and a buckler; nor by laws which did

not take effbct until months after the plaintiff's protest; nor by

the after voluntary act of the plaintiff himself, of omission or

commission.

* The fourth instruction moved relates to the sum of $38.86,

twice tendered to the plaintiff. and twice refused.

This is certainly a small business, a little matter, a very trifling matter, wherewith the plaintiff hath elected, (after two ten-

ders and refusals,) to engage the time and attention, first of the

Circuit Court of the United States, by an action originally brought therein, whose cognizance, as defined by law, is intended to be

limited to cases "where the matter in dispute exceeds, exclusive

of costs, the sum or value of five hundred d6llars," and secondly,

the time and attention of this court, whose appellate jurisdic-

tion in such like cases, is, by. the- law. intended to be confined to

VOL. XIII.

26

302

SUPREME COURT.

Tremlett v. Adams.

matters in dispute exceeding the sum or value of two thousand dollars, exclusive of costs.
If the plaintiff had truly stated his said demand, for the said
sum of thirty-eight dollars eighty-six cents, neither the Circuit Court nor this court could have held ccgnizance of the plea. But by refusing this sum when tendered, and by mixing this matter with his protest about the warehousing, and, by stating his demand at five thousand dollars, he has compelled the Circuit Court and this court to hold cognizance of his complaint.
If the jury had found for the plaintiff the sum of thirty-eight
dollars eighty-six cents, then, according to the twentieth section of the Judiciary Act of 24th September, 1789, "he shall not be allowed, but, at the discretion of the court, may be adjudged, to
pay costs."
When, upon the facts given in evidence, the plaintiff moved this fourth instruction, that " he was entitled to recover the sum of $06.86," he thereby confined and dwindled his demand to that sum; the court was called to adjudicate as to that sum; to lend its assistar.ce to the plaintiff to recover that sum and no more; a matter far beneath the cognizance of that court.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the
court. This is an action brought by the plaintiff against the collector
of the port of New Bedford, for refusing to permit the plaintiff to enter for warehousing at Wareham sundry cargoes of coal, imported from Pictou, Nova Scotia, which were shipped for Wareham, and arrived in the months of September and Octo-
ber 1846. Wareham was a port of delivery in the colleetion district of which New Bedford was the port of entry; and the collector, in refusing to permit them -to be entered for warehousing at Wareham, acted under the directions of the Secretary of the Treasury. The plaintiff was require:l to pay in cash the duties imposed by the act of 1842, before the permit for landing
at Wareham was granted. And this suit is brought to rdcover the difference between the duties paid and the duties to which the coal would have been liable if it had been warehoused at Wareham and remainud in store as the plaintiff desired until the reduced tariff went into operation. The case depends upon the construction of the Warehousing Act of August 6, 1846.
The law is framed in very general terms, referring to other
laws for some of its regulations ; and containing but few specific directi.ons as to the manner in which it should be carried into execution. And it authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to make from time to time such regulations, not inconsistent with. law, as might be necessary to give full effect to the provikons of

DECEMBER TER.f, 1851.

303

Tremlett v. Adams.

the act, and secure a just accountability under it. This mode of legislation has raturally led to some ambiguity, and has given rise to this controversy.
The act went into operation on the'day it was approved by the President. And the plaintiff insists that, under its provisions, he was entitled, as soon as it passed, to land his goods at the port of delivery upon bonding for the duties; and to have them placed there in store in order to avail himself, if he thought proper, of the reduced tariff, which took effect on the 2d of December, in the same year. The 6th section of the Tariff Act of July 30, 1846, which passed a few days before the Warehousing Act, of which we are now speaking, provided that all goods imported after the passage of that law, and remaining in the public stores on the 2d of December following, when the act went into
operation, should be subject to no other duty upon entry thereof than if they had been imported after that day.
In expounding the Warehousing Act, it must be borne in
mind, that it was not passed for the purpose of enabling the importer to avail himself of the reduced rates of duty. It is a part of the general and permanent system of revenue; and its evi-
dent object is to facilitate and encourage-commerce by exempting the importer from the payment of duties, until he is ready to bring his goods into market. The opportunity it afforded of taking advantage of the reduced rates of duty was an accidental circumstance arising from the time at which it happened
to be passed. The provisions in the 6th section of the Tariff Act of July 30, 1846, had no reference to goods entered for warehous-
ing. There was.no law at that time which authorized the importer so to enter them. And although the Warehousing Act, which passed a few days afterwards, enabled the importer, by warehousing his goods, to take the benefit of the provisions of the previous law, yet it was not passed for that purpose. And it must be
regarded and interpreted, not as an act passed for a temporary purpose, or to meet a change of tariff, but as one intended to be equally applicable to goods imported after the 2d day'of December, as to goods imported between the 30th of July and that
time. The plaintiff had the same legal rights in this respect at
the time he offered to enter his coal at Wareham as an importer of the present day, and nothing more; and no greater advantages were intended to be given him by the Warehousing Act.
Previous to the passage of this act no gbods, chargeable with
cash duties, could be landed at the port of delivery until the duties were paid at the port of entry. The importer had no
right to land them anywhere until they had passed through the
custom-house. And they coluld not be landed at the port of
delivery without the permit of the proper officer at the port of

804

SUPREM1E COURT

Tremlett v. Adams.

entry. This permit in effect delivered them to the owner to be
landed under the usual inspection, and sold and disposed of as he thought proper; and the permit could not be granted unless the duties had been paid.
There could, therefore, but rarely be any necessity for public stores or warehouses at a port of delivery, before the passage of the Warehousing Act.
It was otherwise at ports of entry. The importer himself had no right to land them even at a" port of entry before the duties were Paid. But when the entry at the custom-house was imperfect, for wNant of the proper documents, or where the goods
were damaged in the- voyage, and the duties could not be immediately ascertained; or the cash duties were not paid after the forms of entry had been complied with; in all of these cases
the collector was directed, by existing laws, to take possession of such goods, and -place them in public stores, and retain them until'the duties were paid. Andas all of this was to be done at the port of entry, public stores were necessary at such ports; and they had accordingly been provided for by law, before the
passage of the Warehousing Act. Now, the Warehbusing Act, so far as the landing and storing
of goods is concerned, places goods entered for warehousing upon the same, footing with goods upon which th, duties have
not been paid. It provides, that in all cases of failure or neglect to pay the duties within the period allowed by law to the importer, to make entry thereof, or whenever the owner, importer, or consignee, shall make entry for warehousing in the manner directed in the act, the collector shall take possession of the goods and deposit them in the public stores, or in other stores to be agreed on by the collector or other chief officer of the port, and the importer of the goods to be secured in the manner provided for in the act of 1818 relative to the warehousing of wines and distilled spirits. The warehoused goods,
therefore, are to be taken possession of by the same officer and stored, and treated like goods upon which the importer had failed to pay duty. And, as the latter were necessarily to be taken possession of at the port of entry, and accustomed to he stored there, the natural inference from this association is, that the law contemplated the storage of warehoused goods at the same place, and did not mean to give the importer a right to store them at any port of delivery to which he .might have
chosen to ship them. The Warehousing Act gives him no peculiar privileges over the importer of goods directed to be placed
in the public stores because the duties were not paid; nor any greater right to select for himself the place of storage.
The 2d section of the act strengthens this construction of the

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.
Tremlett v. Adams.
1st section. It provides that warehoused goodi, deposited in the public stores in the manner provided in the 1st section, might be withdrawn and transported to any other port of entry; and directs that the party should give bond for the deposit of them in store, in the port of entry to whih they shall be destined. The use of the words "ports of entry," in this provision, implies that they were to be stored in a port of that description in the first instance, and to be deposited again in a like port, if they were transported coastwise.
Again, the directions as to the manner in which they are to be secured while they remain in the store, and to be delivered to'the party when he is entitled to receive them, leads to the same conclusion. They cannot be withdrawn without a permit from the collector and naval officer of the port at which they are stored. And as there is no naval officer appointed or needed at a port of delivery, this provision would appear to have contemplated the storage at a port of entry and not of delivery. There are certain expressions in the law which may be applied to a port of delivery as well as of entry. But they were introduced for the purpose of authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury, under the power to make regulations, to have suitable storehouses to provide at a port of delivery, when the nature and importance of the trade might require it.
The act of 1799, c. 22, § 21, (1 Stat. at Large, 642,) authorizes the collector, with the approbation of the principal officer of the Treasury Department, to employ proper persons as weighers, gaugers, measurers, and inspectors at the several ports within his district; and also, with the like approbation, to provide, at the public expense, storehouses for the safe-keeping of goods, and such scales, weights, and measures, as may be necessary. The secretary and collector were, therefore, under this law, to determine where storehouses were necessary; and might provide them at a port of delivery, if they believed the interests of the public and of commerce demanded it. But the law confided it to their discretion, to determine whether they sould or should not be provided at any particular port of delivery; and the Warehousing Act has not changed the law in this respect, and does not require that there should be public st6rehouses at every port of delivery at which the importer might wish to warehouse his goods.
The record shows, that after this transaction took place, the secretary did authorize goods to be warehoused at Wareham.
But the question before us is not whether he might not have authorized it before; but whether, independently of any regulation by the secretary, the importer had not an absolute right, as soon as the law was passed, to land his gbods at the port of
S 2,*

SUPREME COURT.
Tremlett v. Adams.
delivery to which they were destined, and store them there, upon giving the bonds which the law requires. We think he had not, and that the right, given under the Warehousing Act, was, confined to a port of entry, unless extended, by regulation of the secretary, to a port of delivery.
Indeed, the execution of the law would be impracticable under the construction contended for by the plaintiff. For it directs that the bond to be taken on the entry for warehousing, shall be prescribed by the secretary; and it is made his duty to make regulations to carry the law into full effect, and secure a just accountability. These things required time; and the collector could not act without them. Yet, if the plaintiff's construction be the correct one, his right to enter his coal for warehousing at Wareham was as absolute trhe day after the law passed as it was when he offered to make the entry. For if the law gave him the right, independently of any regulations by the secretary, he was not bound to wait until they were made and 'the form of the bond prescribed; but might have demanded his rights on the 7th of August, and sued the collector if he failed to obtain them. It is evident that Congress could not have intended to confer upon the importer this right. Nor can the law receive that construction without rejecting the provisions which authorize the secretary to prescribe the form of the bond, and to direct the manner in which the act was to be carried into effect. These provisions, iff relation to the power of the secretary, are important, and were intended to guard the public against any abuse of the privileges which the Warehousing Act gave to the'importer. . Moreover, many of the ports of delivery are at places where the trade is trivial and unimportant, and where it would be difficult to procure suitable storehouses for [L cargo unexpectedly arriving and demanding to be warehoused'. In many of them there are not a sufficient number of officers to superintend the landing and warehousing of a cargo of an ordinary ship, and guard it afterwards from being improperly withdrawn. The Warehousing Act does not authorize the appointment of additional officers, at ports of delivery, nor provide for any additional expenses to be incurred by the public in carrying it into execution. And if the collector is bound to grant a permit to land the goods, at any port of delivery which, the importer may select for his shipment, it is easy to foresee the abuses to which it would lead; and the frauds that might be practised under it, Congress can hardly be presumed, from any general or ambiguous language, to have intended, in this law, to dispense with -all the safeguards which had been so carefully provided and preserved in previous acts. We think neither its words nor its

DECEMBER TERM,.1851.

307

Philadelphia, Wilmington, & Baltimore Railroad Co. v. Howard.

manifest object will justify such a constructiori, and that the
collector was right in refusing the permit to the plaintiff to land and warehouse the coal in question at Wareham.
As regards the small balance of the plaintiff's deposit which remained in the collector's hands after the payment of the legal duties, it is no ground for reversing the judgment of the Circuit Court. The defendant offered to pay it, but the plaintiff refused to receive it. The money placed in the hands of the collector for the estimated duties was a deposit in trust for the United States for the ariount that should be found actually
due; and for the plaintiff for the balance, if any should remain after the duties were paid. And as the plaintiff refused to receive this balance when tendered, it contiliues a deposit in the hands of the defendant with the plaintiff 1 consent; and he cannot subject the collector to the costs and expenses of a suit
until he can show that it is wrongfully withheld. The judgment of the Circuit Court is therefore affirmed with
costs.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Massachusetts, and was argued by counsel, on consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this cont, that the judgment of the said Circurit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with dosts.

Tan PHILADELPHIA, WILMINGTON, AND BALTIMORE RAILROAD
COMPANY, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR,'V. SEBRE HOWARD.
In Maryland, th clerk of a county court was propdrly admitted to prove the verity of a copy of the docket-entries made by him as clerk, because, by a law of Mary: land, no technical record was required to be made.
And, moreover, the fact which was to be proved being merely the pendency of an action, proof that the entry was made on the docket by the proper officer was proof that the action was pending, until the other party could show its termiz" nation.
Where the question was, whether or not the paper declared upon bore the corporate seal of the defendants, (an incorporated company,, evidence was admissible to show that, in a former suit, the defendants had treated and relied upon the instrument, as one bearing the corporate seal. And it was admissible, although the former sitwas not between the same parties ; and although the former suit was against one of three corporations, which had afterwards become merged into olie, which one was the present defendant.
The admission of the paper as'evidence only left the question to the jury. The bur den of proof still remained upon the plaintiff.

488

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. Caswell et al.

CORNELIUS W. LAWRENCE, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR V. JOHN
CASWELL AND SOLOMON T. CASWELL.
By the Tariff of 1846, the duty of one hundred per cent., ad valorem, upon brandy, ought to be charged only upon the quantity actually imported, and nor on the contents stated in the invoices.
D. uatpiepseailllegally exacted arc those which are paid under protest, and where there is an to the judicial tribunals.
The Revenue Act of 1799, (1 Stat. at Large, 672,) directd that an allowance of two per cent. for leakage, should be made on the quantitr of liquors which were subject to duty by the gallon. Where brandy was subjected to a duty adtrlorem, it. was no longer within the provisions of this act, and the allowance of two per cent. ceased.
-THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from tlle Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York.
It was a suit brought by John Caswell and Solomon T. Caswell merchants of New York, against Lawrence, the collector, to recover an excess of duties upon brandy, paid under protest. The whole case is set forth in the-bill of exceptions, which was as follows:
Bill of Exceptions. The counsel for the plaintiffs, after prov.ing that the plaintiffs were partners, engaged in tfade and commerce in the city of New York, further to maintain the issue on their part, 'gave in evidence divers warehouse entries, and withdrawal entries, and calculations of duties thereon, invoices, and gaugers' returns of certain importations of brandy, made by the plaintiffs into the port of New York, by the several vessels in the table, or statement, hereinafter set forth, particularly mentioned; which said several vessels arrived in the said port of New York at the respective dates, also in said table, or statement, mentioned; in and by which said documents it appeared that said several importations of brandy were, on the arrival thereof, respectively deposited in the public stores in iaid port of New York, in pursuance of the act of 'Congress establishing a warehousing system, approved August 6th, 1846; that upon the gauging of said several importations of brandy by the United States gaugers, made at the time of the arrival thereof respectively, the actual content3 of each of said importations were found to be less than the contents stated in the invoices thereof respectively; the difference in each case between such invoice contents, and the actual contents as ascertained by the said gaugers, being specified in the said table or statement; that fhe said goods so imported were aftenvard., from time to time, withdrawn from such public stores, and duties paid thereon by the plaintiffs to the defendant, as collector of the port of New

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

489

Lawrence v. Caswell et al.

York, who demanded, as such duties, under schedule A of the
Tariff Act of July 30,1846, one hundred per centum ad valorerm upon the cost of the contents of said importations as such contents were stated in the invoices thereof respectively, amounting in the whole, as also appears in said table, to the sum of $41,658; which said duties, so exacted, were paid by the plaintiffs to the said defepdants as such collector, under protest in writing, (indorsed on the withdrawal entries,) against the payment thereof, the said plaintfffs claiming that the duties should be comliited not upon the said invoice contents of said importations, but upon the actual contents thereof, as shown by the
aforesaid gaugers' returns, after deducting from the actual
contents shown by such retqrns the allowance of two per
centum thereon, directed by the 59th section of the Revenue
Collection Act of March 2, 1799.
The following is the Torm of the protests referred to, and they
were all alike :-

"We claim deduction for all deficiency from the quantity

shipped, also two per cent. allowance for leakage as heretofore

customary, and protest against the collector exacting the whole

amount of the invoice.

JOHN CASWELL & Co."

The counsel for the said plaintiffs also proved that the duties so as aforesaid paid to and received by the said defendant, as such collector, were by him duly paid, at the time of the receipt thereof, into thd Treasury of the United States.
The table, or statement, above referred to, contained also a specification of the excess of duty alleged by the plaintiffs to have been exacted by the defendant. as such collector, upon each of the said several importations, amounting, in the aggregate, to the sum of $1,609 ; the said table, or statementi being in the words and figures following.
(The table is omitted, as not being necessary to be inserted.) The plaintiffs' counsel then proved, that under the act of
March, 1799, and from the passage of said act until the Tariff Act of July 30, 1846, took effect, it was the uniform practice in the New York custom-house, upon the entry of such linportations of liquors subject to duties, to procced as follows
1st. The United States gaugers, after ascertaining the capacity of each cask, deducted the "outs," or number 6f gallons deficient, and, from the actual contents thus ascertained, made a further deduction of two per cent. on such actual contents for the allowance of leakage, directed by tfhe 59th section of said act of March 2, 1799, and made a return to the collector, ex--
hibiting the result. 2d. The duties were then calculated and exacted upon the

SUPREME COURT. ILawrence v. Caswell ct al.

net dutiable quantity so exhibited by the gaugers' return, and

upon that quantity only, and without regard to any statement

of quantity in the invoice.

To this evidence the counsel for the defendant objected, in

due season, as inadmissible; but his honor, the presiding judge,

then and there overruled the said objection, and decided that

such evidence was admissible: to which ruling and-decision of

the said judge, the coEunsel for the said defendant then and

there excepted.

.The plaintiffs' counsel claimed'to rec6ver against the defend-.

ant the sum of $1,609, above stated, and interest thereon to the

day of trial, amounting in the whole to $2,039.35.

The counsel for the plaintiffs there rested.

The counsel for the defendant then insisted that the only al-

lowances which could be considered in this case for deficiencies

in said brandy, had been provided for by acts of Congress, and

had already been made at the custom-house, and that by law

the plaintiffs were not entitled to recover; and he prayed the

court so to charge the jury.

But the court charged the jury that the United States were

only entitled to collect duties upon the importations in ques-

tion upon the quantity remaining, after deducting from the

actual contents aicertained and exhibited by the gaugers' re-

turns the aforesaid allowance of two per cent. for leakage; and

that the plaintiffs were therefore entitled to recover the amount

so as aforesaid claimed by them.

To which charge of his honor the judge, and to every part

thereof, the defendant's counsel then and there excepted.

The jury thereupon found a verdict Ibr the plaintiffs for the

sum of $2,039.35 damages and six cents costs.

And because the prayer of the said defendant, by their said

counsel, and the several rulings and decisions, and instructions

and charge of the said judge, and the several exceptions taken

to the same, do not appear by the record of the verdict afore-

said, the defendants have caused the same to be written on this

bill of exceptions, to be annexed to such record, and have

prayed the said judge to set his hand and seal to the same.

Whereupon the said Samuel R. Betts, the judge before whom

the said issues were tried, and the said exceptions taken, has

hereunto set his hand and seal, the 6th day of February, in the

year of our Lord, 1852.

SAMUEnL R. BETTS. [L. S.]

Upon this exception, the case came up to this court, and was
argued by '11r. Crittenden, (Attorney-General,) for the plaintiff in error, and Ir. Butler, for the defendants in error.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.
Lawrence v. Caswell et al.
Mr., Crittenden, for plaintiff in error. I. (First point omitted.) II. In the cases of Marriott v: Brune, and The United States v, Southmayd, (9 How. 619, 637,) cases of drainage of sugars in the course of the voyage from the place of production, this court held that the duties were to be assessed on the actual quantity or weight wirhich .arrived in the United States; and the same rule would seem to be applicable to the case of brandy. The further question in this case, however, is, whether importers of brandy are entitled to the additional allowance of two per cent. on the actual quantity imported, which the court below directed to be made? This allowance is claimed under the 59th section of the Collection Act of 1799, (1 Stat. at Large, 672,) which is as follows: "That there shall be an allowance of two per cent for leakage on the quantity which shall appear by the guage to be contained in any cask of liquors subject to duty by the gallon; and ten per cent. on all beer, ale, and porter in bottles; and five per cent on all other liquors in bottles, to be deducted from the invoice quantity in lieu of breakage; or it shallbe lawful to compute the duties on the actual quantity to be ascertained by tale, at the option of the importer, to be made at the time of entry." The late Mr. Justice Woodbury, in delivering the opinion of the court in the sugar cases, above cited, refers to the above section of the act of 1799, and says: "The former cases referred to for ilustration rest on their peculiar principles, and allowances in them are made by positive provisions in acts of Congress, even though the quantity and weight of the real article meant to be imported, should arrive here. Because, well knowing that the wavheoralegeis tneot olirkdenlyartyo alorrsivei,natnhdosbeeincagseasblwe itoh fsixuffbicyieantgenxearcatlness, the matter has been legislated on expresly."
The learned judge referred to these instances merely as illustrations; and it w ll not be here contended that the dutiable quantity of brandy in the present case is the invoice quantity, less the allowance of two per cent.; for the court will observe that the section enacts that the two per cent. is to be allowed "on the quantityvhich shall appear by the gauge." But, on the part of the United States, it is contended that the allowance cannot be made on importations of brandy under the ad valorem tariff of 1846, because the operation of the section is limited
and confined to cases of specific tariffs. The law has so commanded; the words are express and positive. The allowance is to be made on liquors "subject to duty by the gallon."
Besides, the claim for the allowance cannot be maintained under the act of 1846, because it is repugnant to the principle

SUPREME COU:RT
Lawrence v. Caswell et al.
of that act. Thus this court has held, that imporfs cover only what is brought within our 'limits and goes into the consumption of the country. Now, as by the act the duties upon these imports are to be assessed at so much per cent. upon the forei n value, how can it be said that they are so assessed upon, that value if the whole quantity actually imported is not taken into account?
Mr. Secretary Walker, in a treasury circular of 30th January, 1847, (1 Mayo, 391,) seems to have considered the 59th section of the act of 1799 in force, and directed the allowance therein mentioned to be continued. Subsequently, however, by a Pircular of the 24th March, 1847, he seems to have reconsidered, the subject, and instructed the collectors as contended for in this paper. 1 Mayo, 360. The importations in this case were made during the time this circular was in force. See also another circular,. of 31st December, 1847, voce, Allowances. 1 Mayo, 405.
It is therefore ubmitted, on behalf of the United States, that the claim for the allowance of two per cent. on the quantity ascertained by the gauge, is not sanctioned by law, and the jury ought to have been so instructed.
.ir. Butler, for defendants in error. I. Upon the facts proved upon the trial, the plaintiffs in the court below were at least entitled to recover back the amount of duties exacted by the collector upon the differences between 'the invoice contents and the actual contents of the several importations of brandy mentioned in the record. (a.) The cases of Marriott v. Brune, (9 How. 619,) and The United States v.Southmayd, (Id. 637,) decide,1st. That ad valorem duties, under the act of 1846, should be assessed, not upon the quantity whic" appears by the invoice to have beea shipped, but only on the quantity which actually arrives in our ports; 'and 2d. That the proviso in the 8th section, "that under no circumstances shall the duty be assessed upon an amount less than the invoice value," is not in hostility with the above construction, because the proviso refers only to the. price and not to the quantity. (b.) In respect to the point now under consideration, there is no ground whatever for distinguishing the piesent case from the cases in 9 Howard, above referred to. IL The plaintiffs in the court below were entitled to the fur. ther deduction of two per cent. on the actual contents of the importations in question, as ascertained and exhibited by the gaugers' returns, for the allowance of leakage directed by the 59th

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.-

493

Lawrence v. Caswell et al.

section of the Revenue Collection Act of March 2d, 1799. 1

StaIst.t.atBLyarthgee, v6e7r2y. words of the, section, "that there be an

allowance of two per cent. for leakage on the quantity which

shall appear by the guage to be contained in any cask of liquors

subject to duty by the gallon," this allowance is to be computed

and made upon the actual contents ascertained by the gauger.

2d. This allowance of two per cent., as manifestly appears by

the words quoted, was not intended to coyer leakage on the

voyage of importation, but to cover that which will occur after

the arrival of the liquor, and before its actual sale by the im-

porter.

(a.) Leakage on the voyage was already provided for by re-

quiring the actual contents at the port 'of importation, to be

ascertained by the United States gauger.

(b.) In commercial language, "leakage ". is an allowance

granted to importers of liquors for the waste the goods are sup-

posed to receive by keeping after their arrival and before their

sale. MeCulloch's Commercial Dictionary, title" Leakage," and

title "Warehousing System," Eng. ed. of 1834, p. 1223.

(c.) The 59th section of the act of 1799, (following in this re-

spect the 36th section of the ;ict of 1790, 1 Stat at Large, 166,)

conforms to this commercial sense by directing the allowance in

question to be made on the quantity which shall .appear by the

gauge to have arrived in the United States.

See, in connection with this section, the following sections of

the same act: § 21, (p. 642,) as to the duties -of the surveyor.

Also, §§ 37 to 43, (pp. 655, 660,) as to entry, inspection, and

landing of liquors. Also act of April 20th, 1818, (3 Stat. at

Large, 469,) "providing for the deposit of wines nd distilled

spirits in public warehouses."

3d. The 59th section of the act of 1799 is not repealed by

any thing contained in the Tariff Act of 1846; but the import-.

ers of liquors are still entitled to the allowance given thereby.

(a.) There is no express repeal of sect. 59 in the act of 1846.

(b.) Repeals by implication are not favored, and are only

allowed when the provisions of the old law are plainly repug;

nant to those of the new. 6 Bacon's Abr. title Statute D.,

p. 373; Dwarris on Statutes, pp. 673, 674; Wood v. The United

States, 16 Pet. 362, 363.

(c.) Tie only part of the 59th section of the act of 1799

which is claimed to be repugnant to the act of 1846 is the clause

which directs the allowance of two pei cent. to be made on

"liquors subject to duty by the gallon," which, it has been sug-

gested, renderg the section inapplicable to liquors imported un-

der a law subjecting them to an ad valorem rate of duty.

VOL. XIII.

42

494

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. Caswell et al.

4th. The repugnancy suggested is only apparent, and not sufficient to work the repeal of this part of the law of 1799. I (a.) There is nothing in the change from a specific duty to an
ad valorem duty on liquors, which should abrogate the allowance of two per cent. directed by the act of 1799.
(b.) If this allowance was just and proper under specific duties, it is also equally just and proper under ad valorem duties.
(c.) If this allowance be not made, the importer may, under the act of 1846, be subjected to a highei duty upon liquors than that prescribed by the preexisting Tariff Act, of August :30th, 1842, contrary to the main object of the act of 1846, which, as expressed in its title, was to "reduce the duty on imports."
5th. The act of 1846 contains several provisions strongly im-
plying an intention in its framers .to rstain allowances of this
nature given by preexisting laws. (a.) The fourth section expressly provides "that in all cases in
which the invoice or entry shall not contain the weight, or quantity, or measure of goods, wares, or merchandise now weighed, or measured, or gauged, the same shall be weighed, gauged, or measured at the expense of the owner, agent, or consignee."
(b.) The eighth section requires the collectors, in the particular case therein mentioned, to cause the dutiable value to be estimated and ascertained, as well as to be appraised, "in accordance with the provisions of the existing laws.'
(c.) These .enactments refer to and retain in force, among other provisions contained in the prior laws, the 59th section of the act of 1799, above referred to.
See report of Secretary Walker to House of Representatives, dated Dec. 30th, 1846, (Exec. Does. of H. of R. No. 25, 2d Sess. 29th TCong.) showing it still necessary, notwithstanding the change in the mode of assessing duties, to employ weighers, gaugers, and measurers. Pages 2, 4, 5, 9; Treas. Cir. Nov. 25th,
1846, p. 176 to 182. 6th. The Warehousing Act of August 6th, 1846, (9 Stat. at
Large, 53,) extends the principle of the act of April 2d, 1818, in relation to the deposit of liquors in public warehouses, to all im-
ported goods. This act being passed contemporaneously with the Tariff Act
of July 20th, 1845, the -two should be construed together as parts of one system; and the allowances made by the act of 1799 in respect to liquors deposited in the public stores under the act of 1818, must be deemed applicable to liquors deposited under the Warehousing Act of 1846.
7th. The foregoing view has in effect been acquiesced in by the Treasury Department, and establist ed by this court.
(a.) It was deliberately and distinctly adopted and promul-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

495

Lawrence v. Caswell et al.

gated by the Treasury Department in its instructions to collectors issued immediately after the Tariff Act of 1846 took effeet. See instructions to the Collector of New Orleans, under date of 30th January, 1847, given at length in 9 How. 620.
(b.) This instruction was afterwards modified by the department, but the principle on which it proceeded was established as correct by the decisions of this court in Marriott v. Brune, 9 How. 619, and The United States v. Southmayd, Id. 637.
(c.) In those cases the court decided that the ad valorem du-
ties under the act of 1846 should be assessed on the quantity
which actually arrives in our ports. The "quantity" of liquors can be reckoned only by the measure, - the number of gallons. To take duty on the "quantity" imported is therefore to take duty on the number of gallons imported. Liquors being subject to duty by the "quantity" or number of gallons, are there-
fore "subject to duty by the gallon," The difference between previous laws 'and the act of 1846 is, that under previous laws
liquors were "subject to duty by the gallon," without regard to the value of the gallon; while under the act of 1846 they are still "subject to duty by the gallon," but according also to the value
of the gallon. This is a difference merely of form and not of substance, and cannot work a repeal of the former law.
(d.) The decisions of the court in 9 Howard do, therefore,
control and dispose of this point, as well as the former one; and such was, at first, admitted by the Treasury Department to be its legitimate effect. See Treasury Circulars of July 5th, 1850,
August 10th, 1850, and June 14th, 1851.

'M. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court. This is an action brought by the defendants in error against the collector of the port Of New York, to recover certain sums of money alleged to have been illegally exacted as duties.
The defendants in error are merchants of New York, and imported a large quantity of brandy in the years 1847 and 1848, which were deposited in the public stores, under the Warehousing Act of 1846. Upon gauging these several importations, at
the time of their arrival, the contents were found to be less than
the quantity stated in the several invoices. As the brandy was from time to time withdrawn by the im-
porters, the collector demanded the duty of one hundred per cent. ad valorem upon the whole invoice quantity, and it was paid by the importers under protest.
The impoiters claimed in their protest that the duties should
be compated upon the actual contents, as shown by the gauger's returns, after deducting two per cent. from such contents. And the court was of opinion, and so directed the jury, that this was

496

SUPREME COURT.

Lawrence v. Caswell at al.

the correct mode of ascertaining the duties; and a verdict was accordingly rendered and judgment given for the amount over-
charged. This writ of error is brought to revise that judgment. Two questions arise in the case: 1st, whether the duty ought
to be computed on the quantity stated in the invoices, or on the
contents as ascertained by the gauger's returns: and 2dly, whether the two per cent. ought to have been deducted for leakage.
As relates to the first question, it is substantially the same with that decided by the court in the case of Marriott v. Brun e, 9 How. 619. The duty of 100 per cent. ad valorem was chargeable on the quantity of brandy actually imported, and not on the contents stated in the invoices. This overcharge was therefore illegally exacted, and the defendants in error were entitled to recover back the amount. The judgment of the Circuit Court is in this respect correct.
But it is proper to say, in order that the opini6n of the court may not be misunderstood, that when we speak of duties illegally exacted, the court mean to confine the opinion to cases like the present, in which the duty demanded was paid under protest, stating specially the ground of objection. Where no such protest is made, the duties are not illegally exacted int-he legal sense of the term. For the law has confided to the Secretary of the Treasury the power.of deciding in the first instance
upon the amount of duties due on the importation. And if the party acquiesces, and does not by his prbtest appeal to the judicial tribunals, the duty paid is not illegally exacted, but is paid
in obedience to the decision of the tribunal to which the law has confidcd the power of deciding the question.
Money is often paid under the decision of an inferior court, without appeal, upon the construction of a law which is afterwards, in some other -ase in a higher and superior court, deter-
mined to have been an erroneous construction. But money thus paid is not illegally exacted. Nor are duties illegally exacted where they are paid under the decision of the collector, sanctioned by the Secretary of the Treasury, and without appealing from that decision to the judicial tribunals by a proper and legal protest. Nor are they within the principle decided by the court in the case before us.
We proceed to the second point - that is, to the claim of a
further deduction of tvo per cent,
The Revenue Collection Act of 1799, c. 22, §59,under which it is claimed, provides, "That there shall be an allowance of
two per cent. for leakage, on the quantity which shall appear by the gauge to be contained in any cask of liquc -- subject to duty by the gallon."

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

497

Lawrence v. Caswell et al.

At the time this law passed, brandy and sundry kinds of wine

were subject to a specific duty upon the gallon; but various

other wines were charged with an ad valorem duty, not to ex-

ceed in amount a certain rate per gallon, specified in the law.

And as the two per cent. deduction was made to depend on the

character of the duty, and not upon the nature of the liquor

imported, the brandy aid wines which then paid a duty by the

gallon, were entitled to it -- but the wines which paid an advao-

rern.duty were not entitled. The right to the allowance did not

depend upon the fact that the importation consisted of brandy or

wines of a particular description, but upon the duty to which the

article was subject. If it was charged by the gallon, this deduc-

tion was to be made, but otherwise if charged advalorem. After-

wards, by the act of May 13, 1800, the ad valorem duties, which

were before charged on certain kinds of wine, were changed to

specific duties; and all wines were charged with duty by the

gallon. And from the passage of this act until the act of 1846,

all importations of liquors of any description paid a specific

duty. allow

thTe hdsedwuiclltioanccoounnatllfolriquthoers,usaasgestaitnedthine

cthuestoremco-hrdo.useFotor,

when the ad valorem duty on certain ines was changed to

duty by the gallon, these wines, like brandy and other winesa

came within the provision in the act of 1799, and consequently

were entitled to the two per cent. deduction.

So, also, when the act of 1846 changed the duty upon brandy

from a specific one upon the gallon, to a duty ad vaorem, it was

no longer wthin the provsion of the act of 1799, and conse-

quently no longer entitled to the deduction of two per cent.

The provision in the act of 1799 is not repealed; but brandy is

not now within it, because it is ot subject to a duty by the

gallon. It is said there is th

same reason for allowing this deduction

for loss by leakage, whether the duty is ad valorem or specific; be unjusuto make any discrimination between

and that them. Biuttw, owu'ltdhout stopping to inquire whether this argument

is well foufonrdtehde odrifnfoert,enocre,wihtetihs ersusfufifcfiiceinetntforreashoenscomuaryt tnootsabye,

assigned that the law makes the distinction.

And it is not within the

province of the Treasury Department or thecourt to decide upon

the reasonableness or unreasonableness of a tariff which it is

evident Congress intended to impose.. The words of the law

are plain. areAnndo,t seinntcietlebdratondtihees'ddeoduncotitonpaoyf atwdouptyerbcyentht.e gal-

lon, they The judgment

of

the

Circuit

Court

must

therefore

be reversed,

with costs, and a mandate issued directing it to proceed to

Iudgment upon the principles stated nf this opinion.

42*

498

SUPREME COURT.

Jecker et al. v. Montgomery.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Cout, with directions to award a venire facias de novo, and to proceed therewith in conformity to the opinion of this court

JUAN BAUTISTA JECKER, Luis JECKER,i THOMAS DE LA ToRRE,
GEIDERO DE LA TORRE, AND JOSE E. FERNANDEZ, MERCHANTS,
TRADING UNDER THE NAME AND STYLE OF JECKER, TORRE & COMPANY, APPELLANTS, V. JOHN B. MONTGOMERY. - AND JOHN
B. MONTGOMERY, APPELLANT, V. JUAN BAUTISTA JECKER, Luis
JECKER, THOMAS DE LA TORRE, GEIDERO DE LA TORRE, AND
JOSE E. FERNANDEZ, MERCHANTS, TRADING UNDER THlE NAME
AND STYLE OF JECKER, TORRE & COMPANY.
During the -warwith Mexico, the Admittance, an American vessel, was seized in a port of California, by the commander of a vessel of war of the United States, upon suspicion of trading with the enemy. She was condemned as a lawful prize by the chaplain belonging to one of the vessels of war upon that station, who had been authorized by the President of the United States to exercise admiralty jurisdiction in cases of capture.
The owners of the cargo filed a libel against the captain of the vessel of war, in the Admiralty Court for the District of Columbia. Being carried to the Circuit Court, it was decided: 1. That the condemnation in California was invalid as a defence for the captors. 2. That the answer of the captors, having averred sufficient probable cause for the seizure of the cargo, and the libellants having demurred to this answer, upon the' ground that the District Court had no right to adjudicate, because the property had not been brought within its jurisdiction, the demurrer was overruled, and judgment was entered against the libellants.
The judgment of the Circuit Court, upon the first point, was correct, and upon the second point, erroneous.
The Prize Court established in California was not authorized by the laws of the United States or the laws of nations.
The grounds alleged for the seizure of the vessel and cargo in the answer, viz., that the vessel ailed- from New Orleans with the design of trading with the enemy. and did, in fact, hold illegal intercourse with them, are sufficient to subject both to condemnation, if they are supported by testimony.
And, if they were liable to capture and condemnation, the reasons assigned in the answer for not bringing them into a port of the United States and libelling them for condemnation, viz., that it was impossible do so consistently with the public interests, are sufficient, if supported by proof, to justify the captors in selling vessel and cargo in California, and to excmpt them from damages on that account.

DECEMBER TER4 1851.

363

Day v. Woodworth et al.

'HORACE U. DAY, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. W. JAMES WooDWORTH, MILLER TURNER, WILLIAM W. PYNCHoRN, ROBERT L. FULLER, ANDREW SissoN, HARvEY CLEMENCE, THOMAS

BOLTON, MERRET BRISTOL, JOSEPH BOWEN, ANDREW ELMAN-

DORF, SETH G. POPE, EDWARD GORHAm, EPnRAIm C. BRETT,

_ARNOLD TURNRM_A, RCUS TOBY, GEORGE J. KIPP, JOHN B.

BumP, -

ATTHOUSE, ERXSTUS BROWN, ER~sTus F. RUSSELL,

JOHN 0. RUSSELL, AsA C. RUSSELL, EDWARD P. WOOD-

WORTH, LORING G. ROBBINS, LORENzo H. RICE, AND MARK

ROSSITER.

Where an action of trespass quare cusum freqit was brought, and the defendants justified, and the court allowed the defendants, upon the trial, to open and close the argument, this ruling of the court is not a proper subject for a bill of exceptions.
The suit being brought by the owner of a mill-dam below, against the owners of a mill above, for forcibly taking down a part of the dam, upon the allegation that it injured the mill above, it was proper for the court to charge the jury, that, if they found for the plaintiff, upon the ground that his dam caused no injury to the mill above, they should allow, in damages, the cost of restoring so much of the dam as was taken down, and compensation for the necessary delay of the plaintiff's mill i and they might also allow such sum for the expenses of prosecuting the action, over and above the taxable costs, as they should find the plaintiff 'had necessarily incurred, for counsel-fees, and the pay of engineers in making surveys, &c.
But if they should find for the plaintiff, on the ground that the defendants had taken down more of the dam than was necessary to relieve the mill above, then, they would allow in damages the cost of replacing such excess, and compensation for any delay or damage occasioned by such excess ; but not any thing for counsel-fees or extra compensation to engineers, unless the taking down of such excess was wanton and malicious.
In actions of trespass, and all actions on the case for torts, a jury may give exemplary or vindictive damages, depending upon the peculiar circumstances of each case. But the amount of counsel-fees, as such, ought not to be taken as the measure of punishment, or a necessary element in its infliction.
The doctrine of costs explained. Whether the verdict-would carry costs or 'not, was a question with which the jury had
nothing to do.
THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Massachusetts.
It was an action of trespass quare clausum fregit brought by
Day, a citizen of New York, ' against the defendants- in error, citizens of Massachusetts, for pulling down a mill-dam within the town of Great Barrington, in the county of Berkshire,
Massachusetts. The defendants put in a plea of not guilty, and also a special
plea of justification, viz.:
And the defendants further say, that at the time when the
said trespasses are alleged to have been committed, and for a
long time previously thereto, and prior to, and at the time of the erection of the said plaintiffs said dam, certain mills and a cer-
tain mill-dam, the property of, and in the use and possession of

864

SUPREME COURT.

Day v. Woodworth ot Al.

the Berkshire Woollen Company, (a corporation duly established by the laws of the State of Massachusetts,) had been and were then lawfully erected and maintained, by, upon, and across -said stream on which plaintiff's dam was built; that while said mills and dam were thus erected and maintained, and used by said corporation, the plaintiff unlawfully caused to be erected in said stream, and below said dam, and at the time of said alleged trespass, unlawfully caused to be maintaiied therein the said dam in his declaration mentioned, in such manner as to injure the said mills and dam of the said corporation; that the defendants, by direction of said Berkshire Woollen Company, and as their agents and servants, did enter upon the said plaintiff's close, and did break down and demolish said plaintiff's dam, in the manner least injurious to said dam; that they broke down and demolished no more of said dam than was necessary to remove or relieve the injury to said company's mills and dam caused by the maintenance of said plaintiff's said dam as aforesaid, and that said defendants did not break and enter the plaintiff's close, any further or otherwise, nor thereupon use more force or violence, than were reasonably necessary to relieve the injury
aforesaid.
The plaintiff joined issue upon the plea of not guilty, and replied to the special plea as follows:
And as to the said plea of the said defendants by them first above pleaded, the said plaintiff says, that he ought not to be barred from having and maintaining his aforesaid action thereof against them; because he says, that although true it is that at the said time when, &c., the said Berkshire Woollen Company were then the owners and possessed of the said mills and dam in the said plea mentioned, and although true it is that the said mills and dam were upon and across the same stream on which the said plaintiff's dam then was, and although true it was that the said defendants committed the said trespasses by command of the said corporation, for replication nevertheless in this behalf, the said plaintiff says, that the said defendants of their own wrong and without the residue of the cause in their said plea alleged, broke and entered the close of the said plaintiff, and tore down and destroyed the said dam, and committed the said trespasses in the introductory part of the said plea mentioned, in manner and form as the said plaintiff hath above complained, and this he prays may be inquired of by the country. Wherefoie he prays judgment and for his costs.
By B. R. CuR'ris, Esq., his Attortev.
And the defendants do the like. By WILLIAM WurTS, Esq., their Attorne.

R851.. SD1CEMBR

865

Day v. Woodworth et al.

Upon the trial, the jury came into court once for instructions, and afterwards returned three times with verdicts.
The final verdict was as followsIn the above-entitled cause the jury find ihat the reduction of the said dam of the said plaintiff, to the extent of three inches for its entire length, was justified; but that the further reduction was not justified; and so the jury find that the said defendants, of their own wrong, and without the residue of the cause by the said defendants in their said first plea alleged, committed the' trespasses in the said plea mentioned, in manner and form as
the said plaintiff hath, in his said declaration, complained; and thereof assess damages in the sum of two hundred dollars.
RoBERT ORE, Foreman.

Whereupon the court entered up judgment for two hundred dollars damages, without costs. The reason why the judgment was entered "without costs" may be seen by a reference to a book recently published by Stephen D. Law, Esq., p. 256. The book is upon the jurisdiction and practice of the United States Courts.
The bill of exceptions contains the proceedings of the court with respectto these several verdicts, and was as follows:

Bill of Exceptions.
This is an action of trespass for breaking and entering the plaintiff's close and tearing down his mill-dam. The. defendants justified under an .alleged right to enter, &c., because the dam was a nuisance to mills above, on the same stream, belonging to the Berkshire Woollen Company, whose servants the defendants were, and that, by command of the said company, the defendants entered and took down so much and no more of the said dam as was necessary to relieve the mills above.
At the trial the defendants claimed the right to begin and offer their evidence first, and open and close the argument. The plaintiff claimed the same right. The presiding judge ruled in favor of the defendants, and the plaintiff's counsel excepted to the ruling. The presiding judge instructed the jury in his first summing up, that the defendants had. a right by law to enter the plaintiff's close, and to take down so much of the plaintiff's dam as wad necessary to relieve the mills -above from all practical injury occasioned by that dam; but thax f the defendants had taken down more of the dam than was necessary for that end, or if none was necessary' to be taken down for that end, the jury must find for the plaintiff
That if the jury should find for the plaintiff on the last ground, viz. that the plaintiff's dam caused no injury to the. mills above, the plaintiff was entitled to a complete indemnity,'

366

SUPRE E COURTe.

Day v. Woodworth et al.

and the jury would allow in damages the cost of restoring so much of the dam as was taken down, and -compensation for necessary delay of plaintiff's mill; and they might also allow such sum for the expenses of prosecuting the action, over and
above the taxable costs, as they 'should find the plaintiff had necessarily incurred for counsel-fees and the pay of engineers in making surveys, &c. But if the jury should find for the plaintiff on the first ground, viz. in that the defendants had taken down more of the dam than was necessary to relieve the mills above, unless such excess was wanton and malicious, then the jury would allow, in d2ages the cost of replacing such excess, and compensation for any delay'or damage occasioned by such excess, but not any thing for counsel-fees or extra compensation
to engineers. The plaintiff's counsel requested the court to instruct the jury
that they might allow counsel-fees, &c. if there was any excess in taking down more of the dam than was justifiable, and gave as a reason that the defendants thereby became 'trespassers ab
initio. The presiding judge instructed the jury as above set forth on this point.
After being charged by the presiding judge, the jury retired, and subsequently came into court for instructions, preferring a' written request, as follows:

U S. . Ju.y.Room, Dec. 8, 1849.

To nis HONOR JTTDGE SPRAGUE:

If the jury find that the plaintiffs dam was too high and

ought to be reduced, but not to the extent of the- reduction by

the defendants, can the jury find a verdict to that effect for the

plaintiff according to law? if so, can they find damages for the

excess of such reduction?

R. ORR, Foreman.

Thereupon' the presiding judge gave anew the instructions above set forth, except that he instructed them not to allow any thing for counsel-fees, &c. if they should find that the redubtion of the dam to any eztent was justifiable. The jury again retired, and subsequently returned into court with a written paper, in the words following:
U . a . Jury Boom, Dec. 8,1849. In the case of L H. Day against Woodworth et al. the jury find that the reduction of the plahitiff's dam -to the extent of three inches for its entire length justifiable. The jury further find that the defendants pay to the plaintiff the sum of one thousand dollars in full for such excess of reduction and delay.
ROBERT ORR, Foreman.

The plaintiff asked to have a verdict presented to the foreman

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

367

Day v. Woodworth et al.

for his signature, following the words of the issue. The presiding judge stated- that he was not prepared to say to the jury that that would be the same in substance as their finding, and ruled that the verdict, to be presented to the foreman for his signature, should also set forth that part of the finding that the plaintiff's dam was lawfully reduced to the extent of three inches throughout its entire length. There was no evidence that the defendants had reduced the plaintiff's dam through its entire length, but it appeared that the plaintiff's dam was one hundred and twelve feet long, and that the part cut down by the defend-
ants was the most westerly part, about fifty-four feet in length, and that this fifty-four feet was cut down about inches, and that this would have the effect of reducing the obstruction pre-
sented by the dam more than three inches for its entire length. To the above rulings of the presiding judge the plaintiff ex-.
cepted.
in this stage of the proceedings, the defendants' counsel de-
sired of the presiding judge to inquire of the jury whether something for counsel-fees was not included in the sum of one thousand dollars mentioned in said finding of the jury.
The presiding judge being of opinioh that there was no'evidence which would warrant the jury in finding damages to the amount of one thousand dollars for the said excess of reducing
the dam, without expressing this opinion, made the inquiry requested, to which the foreman answered, that they did not allow any thing for counsel-fees, but only for the excess and delay, as appeared by the writtea verdict. The d6fendants' counsel then urged that the written verdict said that the sum of one thousand dollars was to be in full, and requested the presiding judge to ask the jury if they did not allow that sum in.the expectation. that the plaintiff was to recover no more. The foreman of the jury responded in substance as before but one of his fellows said he understood the plaintiff was to recover no more, and that each party was to pay his own costs, and that he had agreed to the verdict on that understanding. This understand-
ing was denied by another of the jury, and the presiding judge then said that it must be the verdict of eachjuror, and that this
was not the verdict of the one who said he had agreed to it on the misunderstanding, and therefore the presiding judge proceeded to sum up anew on the subject of damages, referring to
the evidence, and giving to the jury substantially the instructions, in point of law, before given, and adding that, if the plaintiff should recover $1,000 damages, he would, as the prevailing party, by law recover his taxable costs; and having so done,
directed the jury again to retire; to this proceeding the plaintiff's counsel excepted. Subsequently, the jury again returned into

368

SUPREME COURT.

Day v. Woodworth et al.

court, and brought in a second verdict, in writing, in the words following:

U. S. C. C. Tury Room, Boston, Dec. 8, 1849.

In the case of Horaca H. Day v. Woodworth et al. the jury

find that the reduction of the plaintiff's dam to the effect of

three inches for its entire length wag justifiable.

The jury further find, that the defefidants pay to the plain-

tiff the sum of two hundred dollars for such excess of reduction

and delay.

ROBERT ORR, Foreman.

This verdict was put in the form in which it appears on the record, but before it was, signed the plaintiff's counsel suggested to the presiding judge, that, as the jury had been instructed that in one event the plaintiff would recover costs, some of the jury might have agreed to this verdict with that understanding, and requested that this inquiry might be made of the jury; thereupon the presiding judge inquired of the jury whether, in rendering this verdict, they had any reference to costs, and the fore-
man of the jury, having replied that they had not, was about to sign the verdict, when one of his fellows objected, and stated that he had agreed to toe verdict in the belief that, as prevailing - party, the plaintiff could recover his costs; thereupon the presiding judge charged the jury a third time on the subject of damages, referring to the evidence, and repeating in substance the instructions in point of law before given; and further instracted them that the plaintiff, recovering only two hundred dollars, would not recover costs, and that it would be a violation of their oaths to have any regard to the costs, it being their duty to find the actual damage proved, and no more, and directed them again to retire; which having done, they brought in the verdict which appears of record. To all ihese proceedings the plaintiff excepted, and prayed that his exceptions might be allowed, and that this bill of exceptions might be signed and sealed by his honor the judge; all of which being found 'trne, the same is accordingly signed and sealed.
PELEG -SPRAGUE, [SEAL.]
Judge of the U. S. Mass. District.
Upon this exception the case came up to this court, and was argued by Mr. Gillet, for the plaintiff in eror, no counsel appearing for the defendants.

Mr. Gillet made the following points:
First. The affirmative was with the plaintiff, and he had the right to introduce evidence first, and the right to open and close the argument. Burrill's Practice, 283.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

869

Day v. Woodworth et &l.

Where the general issue is pleaded, the plaintiff has always the right to begin. Carter v. Jones, 6 Canr. & Payne, 64; Colton v. James, 1 Moo. & Mal. 273, 275, and 505; Cooper v. Wakley, 3 Car. & Payne, 474 and note; Fish v. Travers, 3 Carr. & Payne, 578 ; Price v. Seaward, I Carr.& Marsh. 23; Booth v. Millns, 15 Mees. & Wels. 669; Cripps v. Wells, 1 Carr. & M. 489; Mercer v. Whall, 5 Adol. & El. (N. s.) 447; Harrison v. Gould, 8 Can:. & P. 580; Ayer v. Austin, 6 Pick. 225; Brooks v. Barrett, 7 Pick. 94; Ware v. Ware, 8 Maine, 42; Lunt v. Wormell, 19 Maine, 100, 102; Sawyer v. Hopkins, 22 Maine, 268; Robinson v. Hitchcock, 8 Met. 64; 'Sullivant v. Reardon,
5 Pike, 140; Le.ington Ins. Co. v. Paver, 16 Ohio, 324. Second. The judge erred in reffising to instruct the jury, that
if the defendants cut down the plaintiff's dam more than was necessary to relieve the mills above, that they were not authorized to allow any thing in addition to cover c6unsel-fees or extra compensation paid by him to engineers. ·
Third. The judge erred in charging the jury that it would be a violation of their oaths to have any regard to whether their verdict would carry costs or not.
Fourth. This being an action of tort the plaintiff was not
limited to the actual damages proved; but the jury were autuorized to give him such as the circumstances of the case might indicate as proper; Allen v. Blunt, 2 Woodb. &'Min. 121; Jennings v. Maddox, 8 B. Mon. 109; Whipple v. Tae Cumberland Man, Co., 2 Story, 661; Washburn v. Gould, 3 Story, 136; Whitmore v. Cutter 1 Gall. 478; 1 Bald. 328; The Apollon, 9 Wheat. 379; Staats v. Ex. of Teneyck, 3 Caines, R. 111; Kingsbury v.
Smith, 13 N. H. R. 122; 4 Johns. 1; Sfreetv. Patrick, 12 Maine, 9; Beal v. £hompson, 3 B. & P. 407; Pitkin v. Leavitt, 13 Verrn. R. 379; Earle v. Sawyer, 4 Mass. 1, 12; Boston Mah. Co. v. Fiske, 2 Mason, 119, 120; Sedgwick on Damages; Curtis on Patents, &c.

Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court.
The plaintiff in error was plaintiff below in an action of trespass, charging the defendants with tearing down and destroying
his mill-dam. The defendants pleaded in justification that the Berkshire Woollen Company owned mills above the dam of plaintiff, who illegally erected and maintained the same, so as to injure the mills above; that by direction of said company,
and as their agents and servants, they did enter plaintiff's close, and did break down and demolish so much of the plaintiff's dam as was necessary to remove the nuisance and injury to the mills above, and no more, and as they lawfully might. To this plea. the plaintiff replied de injuria,&c.

R70

SUPREME COUR.T.

Day v. Woodworth et al.

On the trial of this issue, the defendants "claimed the right
to begin and offer their evidence first, and open and close the argument.. The plaintiff claimed the same right. The court ruled in favor of the defendants, to which the plaintiff excepted." This ruling of the court is now alleged as error.
Our attention has been pointed to numerous decisions of English and American courts on this subject, which we think it unnecessary to notice more particularly, than to state, that the question whether a defendant in tiespass who pleads a plea i justification only, has a right to begin and conclude, has been differently decided in different courts. It is a question of practice only, and depends on the peculiar rules of practice which the court may adopt. The English courts have regretted that
an objection to the ruling of the court at nisi prius on this question should ever have been permitted to be received as a ground for a new trial. But although a court may sometimes grant a hew trial where the judge has not accorded to a party certain
rights to which, by the rules of practice of the court, he may be justly entitled, we are of opinion that the ruling of the court below on such a point is not the proper subject of a bill of exceptions or a writ of error. A question as to the order in which
counsel shall address the jury doed not affect the merits of the controversy. As a matter of practice, the Circuit Court of Massachusetts had a right to makes its own rules. The record does not show that the rule of the court is different from their judgment on this occasion. So that the plaintiff has failed to. show any error in the decision, assuming it to be a proper sub. ject of exception.
The great question, on the trial of this case, appears to have been whether the plaintiff's dam was higher than he had a right
to maintain it, and if so, whether the defendants had torn down more of it, or made it lower than they had a right to do.
The plaintiff's counsel requested the court to instruct the jury that "they might allow counsel-fees, &c., if there was any excess in taking down more of the dam than was justifiable, and give as a reason that the defendants thereby became trespassers
ab initio." The court instructed the jury "that if they should find for the
plaintiff on the first ground, viz., that the defendants had taken down more of the dam than was necessary to relieve the mills above, unless such excess was wanton and malicious, then the jury would allow in damages the cost of replacing such excess, and compensation for any delay or damage occasioned by such
excess, but not any thing for counsel-fees or extra compensation
to engineers."

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

371

Dsy v. Woodworth et al

This instruction of the court is excepted to, oit two grounds. First, because "this being an action of trespass, the plaintiff was not limited to actual damages proved," and secondly, that the jury, under the conditions stated in the charge, should have been instructed to include in their verdict for the plaintiff; not only the actual damages suffered, but his counsel-fees and other expenses incurred in prosecuting his suit.
It is a well-established principle of the common law, that in actions of trespass and all actions on the case for torfs, a jury may inflict what are called exemplary, punitive, or vindictive damages upon a defendant, haiing in view the enormity of his offence rather than the measure of compensation to the plaintiff.
We are aware that the propriety of this doctrine has been questioned by some writers but if repeated judicial decisions for
more than a century are to be received as the best exposition of what the law is, the question will not admit of argument.
By the common as well as by statute law, men are often punished for aggravated misconduct or lawless acts, by means Qf a civil action, and the damages, inflicted by way of penalty or
punishment, given to the party injured. In many civil actions, such as libel, slander, seduction; &c., the.wrong done to the plaintiff is incapable of being measured by a money standard; and the damages assessed depend on the circumstances, showing the degree of moral turpitude or atrocity of the defendant's conduct, and may properly be termed exemplary or vindictive
rather than compensatory. In actions of trespass, where the injury has been wanton aid
malicious, or gross and outrageous, courts perrit juries to add
to the measured compensation of thc plaintiff which he would
have been entitled to recover, had the injury been inflicted without design or intention, something farther by way of punishment or example, which has sometimes been called "smart money." This has been always left to the discretion of the jury, as the degree of punishment to be thus inflicted must depend on the peculiar circumstances of each cas&. It must be evident, also, that as it depends upon the degree of malice, wantonness, oppression, or outrage of. the defendant's conduct, the punishment of his delinquency cannot be measured by the expenses of the plaintiff in prosecuting his suit.
It is true that damages, assessed by way of example, may thus indirectly compensate the plaintiff for money expended in counsel-fees; but the amount of these fees cannot be taken as the measure of punishment or a necessary element in its in-
fliction.
This doctrine about the right of the jury to include in their verdict, in certain cases, a sum sufficient to indemnify the plain-

872

SUPREME COURT.

Day v. Woodworth et al.

tiff for counsel-fees and other real or'stpposed expenses over
and above taxed costs, seems to have been borrowed from the civil law and the practice of the courts of admiralty. At first,
by the common law, no costs were awarded. to either party, eo nomine. If the plaintiff failed to recover he was amerced pro falso clarnore. If he recovered judgment, the defendant was in
misericordiafor his unjust detention of the plaintiff's debt, and was not therefore punished with the expensa litis under that
title. But this being considered a great hardship, the statute of Gloucester, (6 Ed. 1, c. 1,) was passed, which gave costs in all cases when the plaintiff recovered damages. This was the origin of costs de incremento; for when the damages were found by the jury, the judges held themselves obliged to tax the mode-
rate fees of counsel and attorneys that attended the cause. See
Bac. Abr. tit. Costs. Under the provisions of this statute every court of common
law has an established system of costs, which are allowed to the .successful party by -way of amend, for his expense and trouble in prosecuting his suit. It is true, no doubt, and is
especially so in this country, (where the legislatures of the different States have so much reduced attorneys' fee-bills, and refused to allow the honorarium paid to counsel to be exacted
from the losing party,) that the legal taxed costs are far below the real expenses incurred by the litigant; yet it is all the law allows as expensa litis. If the jury may, Itif they see fit," allow counsel-fees and expenses as.a part of the actual damages incurred by the plaintiff, and then the court add legal costs de in-*
cremento, the defendants may be truly said to be inmisericordia; being at the mercy both of court and jury. Neither the common law, nor the statute law of anji State, so far as we aie informed, has invested the jury with this power or privilege. It has been
sometimes exercised by the permission of courts, "but its results have not been such as to recommend it for general adoption either by courts or legislatures.
The only instance where this power of increasing the "actual , damages" is given by statute is in the patefit laws of the United States. But there it is given to the courtland not to the jury.
The jury must find the ".aetual damages" incurred by the plaintiff at the time his suit das brought i and if,in the opinion of the court, the defendant has not acted in gqod faith, or has been stubbornly litigious, orhas caused unnecessary expense and trouble to the plaintiff, the court may increase the amount of the verdict, to the extent of treling it. But this penalty can-
not, and ought not, to be twice inflicted; first, at the discretion of the jury, and again at the discretion of the court. The ex-
penses of the defendant over and above taxed costs are usually

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

373

Fowler v. Hart.

as gTeat as those of plaintiff; and yet neither court nor jury can compensate him, if the verdict and judgment be in his favor, or amerce the plaintiff profalso clamore beyond tax costs. Where such a rule of law exists allowing the jury to find costs de incremnento in the shape of counsel-fees, or that equally indefinite and unknown quantity denominated (in the plaintiff's prayer for instruction) "&c.," they should be permitted to do the same for
the defendant where be succeeds in his defence, otherwise the parties are not suffered to contend in an equal field. Besides, in actions of debt, covenant, and assumpsit, where the plaintiff
always recovers his actual damages, he can recover but legal costs as compensation for his expenditure in the suit, and as punishment of defendant for his unjust detention of the debt;
and it is a moral offence of no higher order, to refuse to pay the price of a patent or the damages for a trespass, which is not wilful or malicious, than to refuse the payment of a just debt.
There is no reason, therefore, why the law should give the plaintiff such an advantage over the defendant ihone case, and refuse it in the other. See Barnard v. Poor, 21 Pickering, 382; and
Lncoln v. the Saratoga Railroad, 29 Wendell, 435. We are of opinion, therefore, that the instruction given by
the court in answer to the prayer of the plaintiff, was correct. The instruction to the jury, also, was clearly proper as respect-
ed the measure of the damages, and that the jury had nothing to do with the question whether their verdict would carry costs. The judgment is therefore affirmed.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Massachusetts, and was argued by counsel. On consideratiou -whereof; it is now here ordered and adjudged by tnis court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the -same is hereby, affirmed, with costs, for the defendants in error.

JosEPH FOWLER, JUNIOR, APPELLANT, V. NATHAN HART.

Real property, inLouisiana, was bound by a judicial mortgage. The owners of the property then took the benefit of the Bankrupt Act of the United
States. A ereditor of the bankrupt then filed a petition against the assignee, alleging that he
-tad a mortgage-upon the same property, pror in date to the judicial mortgage, but that, by some error, other property had been naimnd, and praying to have the error
correcttd. Of this proceeding the judgment creditor had no notice.

VOL. XIII.

32

THE DECISIONS
OF THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITE]) STATES,
AT
DECEMRtER TERM*, 1851

THE UNITED ;STATES, Appellants, v. JOSEPH HUGHES.

Where s grant of lanS in Lonisidina, was made by the Spanish governor, in Febra ary 1799,-but no possession was ever taken by the grantee, during the existence
of the Spanish government, or since the cession to the United States; and no proof of the existence of the grant until 1835, when the grantee sold his interest to a third person; the presumption urising from this neglect is, that the grant, if made, had been abandoned.
The regulations of Gayoso, who made the grant, were, that the settler should forfeit the land, if he failed to establish himself upon it within one year and put under labor ten arpents in every hundred within three years.

THIS was a land case, arising .under the acts of 1824 and 1844, and brought up by appeal from the District Court of the United, States, for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
The petition in this case was filed in the District Court of
the United States, for the Eastern District of.Louisiana, on the

16th day of June, 1846. Hughes, the petitioner, represented therein that, on the peti-
tion of Joseph Guidry, the Spanish governor of Louisiana,
Gayoso granted to him, (said Guidry,) on the 1st of February, 1799, a tract of land, having a front of 40 arfents on, the Atcha-
falaya, with a depth of 40 arpents. adjoining the land of Andr6 Martin, on the west bank of the Said river, near where the Point
Coriple trace from Opelousas, crosses said river. Petitioner further alleges that the said claim was presented to the board of qommissioners, under the act of Congress of 6th of February,
1835, and reported on favor'ably, but never acted on by Congress ; that the United States have sold none of said land, except a small part to John L. Daniel;" and that he, Hughes, has

VOL. XII.

1

2

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Hughes.

become owner of one thousand arpents of sadd grant by a chain of conveyances, &c.; he therefore prays for a decree confirming hia title, &c;
The answer of the United States denies all the allegations of the petitiop.
Depositions to prove the genuineness of Gayoso's signature
were given in evidence. The chain of title to the petition was a conveyance from
Guidry to Andr6 Martin, on the 19th of April, 1837, and conveyance by Martin to Hughes, on the 1st of March, 1846.
The'District, Court confirmed the claim, and the United States
appealed.

It was argued by /i-r.Crittenden,(Attorney-General,) for the United States, and by Messrs. J"anin and Taylor, for the ap-
*iellee.

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court. This is an appeal from the decree of the District Court of the -Eastern District of Louisiana. The -plaintiff, Hughes, in the court below, filed a petition, founded upon a Spanish claim; under the act of 17th of June, 1844, which revived the act of 26th of May, 1824, for the purpose of recovering a tract of sixteen hund.fed "arpents of land, situate in Louisiana, on the Atchafalaya river, near where the Point Coup6e road crosses the said. river. The petition states that the concession was made to one Joseph Guidry, on the 1st of February, 1799, by Governor Gayoso, under whom the plaintiff derives title. The proofs in the case show, that the grant was made on the application of Guidry at the date ientioned; that he sold and assigned his interest in the same to one Andr6 Martin, at the risk of the purchaser, 19th of April, 183.5, who assigned the same to the plaintiff, 1st of Maich, 1846, in pursuance of a contract made with his agent in 1840. The latter purchase was also made at the risk of the purchasei.
This concession was an incomplete grant, and did not vest a perfect title to the property in the grantee, according to the Spanish usages and regulatious, until a survey was made by the proper official authority, and the party thus put in possession, together, also, with a compliance with other cohditions, if contained in the giant, or in any general regulations respecting the dis-
position of the public domain. Possession, with definite and fixed boundaries, was essential to enable him to procure from the proper Spanish authority a complete ttle. If, however, the concession itself contained a description of the land sufficient to enable

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

3

The United States v. Hughes.

the grantee to locate the same without the aid of a survey, the incipient grant, and possession thus taken, have always been
regarded as such a severance of the tract from the public domain, as to entitle the grantee to a confirmation of the grant within the provisions of the act of 1824.
In such a case, there would be no discretion to be exercised by the public surveyor in putting the party in possession, which,. under the Spanish usages, in disposing of the public land, was
regarded as essential, in case of grants indefinite as to the location. The survey would be rather matter of form, than of sub-
stance, and might, therefore, very well be dispensed with. In this case, the description in the grant is, perhaps, suffi-
ciently specific to have enabled the grantee to t'ake possession without the necessity of a survey; and, if possession had been taken in pursuance of the grant, he, or those claiming under him, would have presented a proper case for confirming the title under the act; and the decree of the court below in favor of the claim might well be sustained.
But no possession of the land was ever taken under this imperfect and incomplete grant, either during the existence of the
Spanish government, or since the cession to the United States. Not only .has no possession been taken, but, for aught that appears in the record, no action has been had, or claim set up, under the grant, during the whole of the period, from its date
down to the institution of the suit, 16th of May, 1847. Nor have we any proof of the actual existenbe of the grant, at
all, until the 19th of April, 1835, when the grantee sold and
quitclaimed his interest to Martin, under whom the plaintiff claims. No account has been given of it for the period of some thirty-six years. The plaintiff rests his claim exclusively upon the evidence of the signature of the governor to the 'concession, under date of 1st of February, 1779, and its production, 16th of May, 1846, before the court when the suit was commenced,
together wyith the trahsfer from Guidry, the grantee, to Martin, in 1835, and from the latter to himself, in 1846; and this un-
connected with any possession of the premises, or claim of right of possession to the same, in the mean time.
In view of this state of facts, it is impossible to deny, but
that the claim comes before us under circumstances of very great suspicion; or to resist the conclusion that the grant, if made, had been abandoned. It is difficult to abcount for the neglect to take possession, or to set up any right or claim to the land for so long a period, upon any other supposition; especially,' when we see that the description of the premises in 'the concession is sufficiently specific to-have enabled the grantee to take possession under it without the -aid of a previous survey.

SUPREME COURT.
The United States v. Hughes.
This conclusion is strengthened, when we take into view the regalations of Governor Gayoso himself, who made the grant i question, respecting the disposition of public lands, published at New Orleans, 9th of September, 1797, about a year and a half before it was made. According to the 14th article, it is declared, that the settler shall forfeit the lands, if he fails to establish himself upon them within one year; and shall have put under labor ten arpents in every hundred, within three years. And in the regulations of the Intendant, Iorales, published at the same place, July 17, 1799, some six months after the date of this grant, possession and cultivation, within a limited time after the concession, are expressly enjoined, under the penalty of forfeiture.
The neglect to comply with these regulations, thus positively enjoined, within the three years that the Spanish government continued after the date of the grant, together with the absence of claim or assertion of right to the land, and absence even of any proof of the actual existence-of the grant for the period of more than thirty-six years, we are of opinion, lay a foundation for the inference or presumption of abandonment of the original concession made by Gayoso, too strong to be resisted; at least, a presumption of abandonment that called for explanation on the par of the plaintiff, accounting for the neglect to take the possession, for the great delay in the assertion of the claim, and for the absence of any evidence of even the existence of the grant itself for so long a period of time.
On these grounds, we think, the decree of the court belov eironeous, and should be reversed, proceedings remitted to thE court below, and petition be dismissed.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said District Court' in this cause be, and flie same is hereby, reversed and annulled; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said District Court, with directions to dismi§s the petition of the claimant
THE UNITED SEATES, APPELLANTS, V. JosEPH HUGHES.
The court again decides, as in the preceding case, that where a Spanish grant was made in 1798, and no evidence was offered that possession was taken under the

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

5

The United States v. Hughes.

grant, nor any claim of right or title made under it until 1837, nor any evidence given to account for the neglect, the presumption is that the claim had, been abandoned. In this ease, also, there was no proof that the persons who purported to. convey as heirs, were actually the heirs of the party whom they professed to represent.

TIs was a land case, pxising under the acts of 1824 and 1844, and came up by appeal from the Disirict Court of the United States for Louisiana.
The parties were the same as in the preceding case: The petition in this case was filed in the District'Court, for the Eastern District of Louisiana, on the 16th of June, 1846. The petitioner, Hughes, claims under a grant alleged to have been made by Governor Gayos6 to Andre Martin, on the 10th of October, 1798, of a tract of land of twenty-eight arpents front, with a depth of one hundred arpents, situated onothe west bank of the Atchafalaya, about one league above where the trace or road from Opelousas to Point Coup6e crosses the said river. The petitioner alleges further, that said Martin took im-. mediate possession, &c., and that the board of commissioners made a favorable report on the claim in the year 1840, but thAd Congress never acted on it, and that he holds a title to one thousand arpents thereof, &c. He thereupon prays that his title may be decreed to be good. The answer of the United States is a general denial of the allegations of the petition. The evidence of the original title is the petition of Andre Martin to the governor for the said tract of land, and the governor's decree thereon, signed by him in these -words:"Granted forever, that he may establish it," and dated "New Orleans, October 10th, 1798." Hughes claimed title under a deed from certain perbons who represented themselves to be the heirs of Martin, dated 14th of July, 1848. The District Court decided in favor of the petitioner, and the United States appealed.
It was argued by Mr. Crittenden, (Attorney-General,) for the United States, and by llessrs.Yanhi and Taylor for the appellee.
Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court. This is an appeal from a decree of the District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. The plaintiff, Hughesy claimed in the court below 3800 arpents of land situate in Louisiana, on the west bank of the Atchafalaya river, about one league above where the road from Opelou. sas to Point Couple crosses said river under a concession from
1*

- SUPREME COURT.
The United States v. HugheS.
Governor Gayoso to one Andre Martin, 10th of October, 1798.
The petition was presented to the District Court on the 16th of June, 1846, under the act of 17th June, 1844, reviving the .act of 26th May, 1824, praying for a confirmation of the grant in pursuance of the provisions of the act.
Evidence was given of the handwriting cf Martin to the application to the governor for the grant of the tract in question' and of the handwriting of the governor to the grant.
The plaintiff, also, gave in evidence a conveyance by notariva act under date of 14th of July, 1848, purposting to be made by the heirs of Andre Martin, the original grantee, to himself, conveying one thousand arpents, part of the tract of 3800 arperits, to be taken: off the front part of the tract.
Evidence was also given of a notice to the registers and receivers of the land-office at Opelousas, in Louisiana, of a claim on 'behalf of the heirs of Martin by their, attorney, f )r confirmation of the claim under date 1st of February, 1837. What action took place before these officers on the application, if any, does not appear on the record, nor have we been referred to any proceedings therein.
There is no evidence that possession was ever taken of the land by the grantee, or any person claiming under him; nor of any claim of right to the possession; or of any right or title under the concession, or of the actual existence even of the concession itself, until the application to the register and receiver in 1837, a period of over thirty-eight years fromi its date.
Nor is there any evidence in the record accounting for the neglect ih take possession, or for the absence of evidence of an assertion of right under the grant, or of even the existence of the grant itself for so long a period of time. I The plaintiff rests his claim exclusively upon the production, and proof of ths incomplete grant by Governor Gayoso in 1798, of his title as derived from the grantee in 1848, and of the ap·lication to the officers of the land-office at Opelousas in 1837.
We have already held, in a previous case of this plaintiff and the United States, that the neglect to take possession, and the absence of any claim under the grant, and of any evidence even of the existence-of the grant itself, for so long a period of time, afford such a violent presumption of abandonment of the claim, that unless explained to the satisfaction. of the court, it is impossible, consistent with any sound principles of law or of equity, to uphold it. We refer to the opinion given in that case oxi this point as decisive of the present one.
There is also an additional objection to a recovery in this -case,that did not exist, in the one refeired to. The plaintiff

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

7

The United States v. Hughes.

shows no title to the land in question. There is no proof in the record that the persons joining in the conveyance to him of the premises in July, 1848; were the heirs of Martin, the" original grantee. The recital in the instrument is no evidence of the fact. The proper proof should have been furnished of the heirship.
For these reasons we are of opinion that the decree of the court below is erroneous, and should be revered, and remit the proceedings to the court below, with directions to dismiss the petition.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District *Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said District Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed and annulled; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said District Court, with directions to dismiss the petition -of the claimant.

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, V. JOSEPH HUGHES.
The decision in the two preccding cases again affirmed.
THIS was a land case arising under the acts of 1824 and 1844, and came up by appeal from the District Court of the United States for Louisiana.
The parties were the same as in the two preceding cases. Joseph Hughes filed his petition on the 16th June, 1846, claiming 3200 arpents of land, as having been granted by the governor of Louisiana, Gayoso, on the 26th April, 1798, "to Andr6 Martin. He alleges that said Martin took immediate possession, and held it till his death. That in the year 1840, the board of commissioners reported favorably on said claim, but that Congress had never acted upon it; and that he will, on the trial produce good and legal sales 3.nd transfers of the sail tract of land from the heirs of the said Martin to himself. The answer put in, on the part of the United States, consists of a general denial of the statements in the petition.. The evidences of title exhibited on the part of the petitioner were, 1st. The pefition of Andr6 Martin to the governor for a grant of 3200 arpents, &c., dated March 28, 1798.

8

SUPREME COURT.

The United States v. Hughes.

2d. The concession and order of survey made by Governor Gayoso, and dated 26th April, 1798.
3d. The sales and deeds of conveyance by the heirs of Andre Martin, under which the petitioner, Hughes, claims, dated respectively the 13th and 14th of July, 1848.
Testimony was offered to prove the genuineness of.Gayoso's signature to the order of survey.
The District Court decided in favor of the petitioner and the United States appealed.

It was argued by Mr. Crittenden, (Attorney-Generalj) for the United States, and by Messrs. Janinand Taylor for the appellee.

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court.
This is an appeal from a decree of the District .Court of the Eastern District of Louisiana. I The plaintiff claimed three thousand arpents of land situate in Louisiana, and fronting on the back part of lands of Oliver
Thibodeaux, Theodore Thibodeaux, and Claude Martin, under a concession to Andr6 Martin from Governor Gayoso, 26 April, 1798. The proceedings-were under the act of 17th June, 1844, reviving the act of 26th May, 1824.
Evidence was given of the handwriting of Martin to the application for the land, and of Governor Gayoso to the conces-
sion.
The plaintiff also produced evidence of a conveyance of the' premises to himself by an instrument bearing date 14th July, 1848, purporting to have been executed by the heirs of Andr6 Martin the
original grantee. And, also, notice to the register and receiver of the land-office at Opelousas, Louisiana, of an application on behalf of the heirs, by their attorney, for confirmation of the grant under date of 23d December, 1536.
The concession was an inchoate and incomplete grant; and there is no evidence that any possession was ever taken of the land, nor of any claim set up under the grant to the game, from
its date down to 1836, when notice was given to the officers of the land-office; nor any evidence of the existence of the grant during the whole of this period.. The case falls directly within the principlep of the two previous cases just decided.
There is, also, no proof of .ny title in the plaintiff derived from the original grantee. The cdnveyance purporting to be
executed by the heirs notwithstanding the recitals to that effect, furnishes no e idenc6 of the fact of heirship.
We think the decree of the court below erroneous, and should
be reversed; and that the proceedings be remitted to the court below, and the petition be dismissed.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

9

The United States v. Pillerin et al.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States, for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said District Court in this cause, be, and the same is hereby reversed and annulled, and this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said District Court, with directions to dismiss the petition of the claimant.

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, V. ARmAND PILLERIN AND OTHERS; THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, v. A. B. RomAN; THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, V. CARLOS DE VILLEMONT'S HEIRS AND OTHERS; THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, V. JEAN B. LABRANCHE'S HEIRS.
This court again decides, as in 9 How. 127, and 10 How. 609, that French grants of land in Louisiana, made after the treaty of Fontainblcau, by which Louisiana was ceded to Spain, are void, unless confirmed by the Spanish authorities before the cession to the United States.
Butif there has been continued possession under the grants so as to lay the foundation for presuming a confirmation by Spain, then the cases are not included within the acts of 1824 and 1844, which look only to inchoate and equitable titles. The District Court of the United States has therefore no jrisdictior
THESE f6ur cases were land cases, arising under the acts of 1824 and 1844, and were appeals from the District Court of the United States, for Louisiana.
They were cases of French grants made after the treaty of Fontainbleau by which Louisiana was ceded to Spain.
They were argued by 11r. Crittenden, (Attorney-General,) for the United States, and by iMessrs. Janin and Taylor, for the appellees, excdpt the second wnich was argued by Mr. &u6.
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court. These four cases are all French grants made after the treaty of Fontainbleau by which Louisiana was ceded to Spain. We have already decided in the cases of The United States v. Reynes, 9 How. 127, and The United States v. D'Auterive, 10 How. 607, that grants of this description are void, unless confirmed by the Spanish authorities before the cession to the United States. In some of these cases evidence-has been offered

458

SUPREME COURT.

Hill v. Tucker.

tor, 11 East, 571; 2 Greenleaf, Co. sect. 253, 254, 268 and 270, 272, 635 a.
The trespass was of an aggavated nature; notwithstanding
the mitigating facts set up by the defendants, it was lawless
and wholly inexcusable. It was a resort to physical force in defiance of law, and under such 'circumstances as to endanger
life and property. Such a procedure should be reprehended by every good citizen. It gives a high claim ".o the injured party for exemplary damages. We think there was no error in the pro-
ceedings, consequently, the judgment of the District Court is
affirmed with costs.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Mississippi, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said6 District Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs and damages, at the rate of six per centum per annum.

CATHARINE HILL, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, Z . JOSEPH W. TUCKER, EXECUTOR OF ABNER ROBINSON, DECEASED.
The relations or privity between executors and their testators in Louisiana, do not differ from those which exist at common law.
The interest of an executor in the testator's estate is what the testator gives him; that of an administrator, only that which the law of bis appointment enjoins.
Hence, executors in different States are, as regards the creditors of the testator, executors in privity, bearing to the creditor5&, the same responsibilities as if there was only one executor.
Although a judgment obtained against an executor-in one State is not conclusive upon an executor in another State, yet it may be admissible i4 evidence to show that the demand had been carried into judgment, and thattche other executors were precluded by it from pleading-prescription or the statute of limitations upon the original cause of acti6n.
Therefore, where a person appointed executors in Virginia, and also in Louisiana, and the creditors obtained judgments against the Virginian executors, without being able to obtain payment, and then sued the executors in Louisiana, the Virginian judgments were admissible evidence for the above-mentioned purposes.
The law of Louisiana bars, by prescription, all actions brought upon instruments negotiable or transferable by indorsement or delivery, unless such actions are brought within five years. But this does not include due-bills or judgments.
THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

459

Hill v. Tucker.

It was argued in conjunction with the succeeding case of Goodall v. Tucker, but the facts being somewhat different, they are reported separately.
On the 6th of December, 1842, Abner Robinson, of the city of Richmond, Virginia, made his last will, and appointed William R. Johnson and Joseph Allen, of Virginia, and Thomas Pugh and Joseph W. Tucker, of Louisiana, his executors. -
On the 21st bf December, 1842, the will was proved in Virginia, and letters testamentary granted to Johnson. and Allen, the executors.
Tucker qualified as executor in Louisiana, but at what time the record did not show.
On the 29th of February, 1848, Catharine Hill filed her petition in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana against Tucker, as executor.
The proceedings in the Circuit Court, together with the points excepted to, are all stated in the opinion of the court, and need not be repeated.

It was argued in this court by 31'r. Johnson and Mr. Duncan, for the plaintiff in error, and Thr. Tayflor, for the defendant in error.

The points made by the counsel for the plaintiff were the
following: 1. That the judgments in Virginia were evidence against the
defendants, they being coexecutors with the defendants in such judgments. Stacy v. Thrasher, 6 How. 58; 1 Salk. 299; 1 Com. Dig. Adm'r, B. 9; 2 Bla. Com. 507; Dixon's Ex'rs v. Ramsay's Ex'rs, 3 Cra. 319, 1 Cond. Rep. 547; 3 Bac. Ab: Ex'rs and Adm'rs, p. 30, 52.
2. That if the judgments were not evidence, the plaintiffs
were entitled to recover upon the original causes of action, they being proved, and not being barred by the Louisiana law of prescription. Article 3505 of the Civil Law says: "Actions on bills of exchange, notes payable to order or bearer, except bank-notes, those of all effects negotiable or transferable by indorsement on delivery, are prescribed by five years, reckoning from the day when these engagements were payable." Article 2517 provides that "a citation served upon one joint-debtor, or his acknowledgment of the debt, interrupts prescription with regard to all others, and even their heirs."
In Goodall's case the suit was brought on the 29th February,
1828, less than ten years after the bond sued upon matured. In Louisiana ten years is the limitation, and the law upon
the subject is always the law of the forum. Lacoste v. Benton, 3 La. An. Rep. 220; Spiller v. Davidson, 4 Id. 171; Graves v.

SUPREME COU:1T.
Hill v. Tucker.
Routh, Adm'r, 4 Id. 127; Young v. Crossgrove, Id. 234, 235; Wheeling v. Preston, 12 Rel. 141; 2 La. An. Rep. 015, 646; Story's Conflict of Laws, 576.
In Hill's case the same authorities are referred to, and she had a right to sue in her own name, she having been recognized by the District Court as universal legatee, and being assignee of the judgments. 10 Mart. Rep. 117; 2 N. Series, 296.
Mr. Taylor, for defendant in error. lJpon the trial of the cause, the court decided, as if instructing a jury, these two propositions: 1st. That the Virginia judgment against Joseph Allen and William R. Johnson, executors of the last will and testament of Abner Robinson, appointed and qualified under the will in Virginia, was not evidence against the defendant; and 2d. That the original cause of action as to the defendant was barred by prescription, and the plaintiff excepted to the two decisions. If there be no error in these decisions, the judgment of the court below must be affirmed. L In Louisiana, testamentary executors are merely administrators, in the most limited sense of the term. They have none of the qualities, capacities , or rights of executors under the common law. No argument, however extended, would make this clearer than a simple reference to the articles of the Louisiana Code, relating to the administration of estates of decedents under the authority of law. Articles 1C91, 1106 to 1123, 1126 to 1148, provide for the appointment of persons to administer the estates of persons dying intestate. Articles 1651 to 1655, 1670, 1671 and 1672, 1659, 1661, 1662, 1663 1666 to 1668 provide for the appointment of persons to administer the estates of persons who leave testaments, and define their powers. From an examination of. these articles, it will be at once apparent that a testamentary executor differs in no respect, so far as to his rights, powers, and duties, from the ordinary administrator. And if this be true, then it is certain that the record in question could not be evidence against the defendant, for, as the learned Story has remarked in his Conflict of Laws, sect. 522, "When administrations are granted to different persons, in different States, they are so far deemed independent of each other, that a judgment obtained against one will furnish no right of action against the other, to affect assets received by the latter in virtue of his own administration; for in contemplation of the law there is no privacy between him and the other administrator." Without citing other authorities on this point, I will merely refer to the case of Stacy v. Thrasher, decided by this court, (6 Howard, 58,) in which the doctrine is fully recognized. .See De-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

461

Hill v. Tucker.

neale v. Stumps's Ex'rs, 8 Peters, 531. If it be true, as there stated by Chief Justice Marshal], that "it is understood to be settled in Virginia, that no judgment against the executors can bind the heirs, or in any manner affect them," and that "it could not be given in evidence against them," it is not easy to perceive that there was error in this decision.
II. The law of the forum applies as to prescription. Code of Practice, 13; Story's Conflict of Laws, sect.. 576, 578; LeRoy v. Crowninshield, 2 Mason, 151; Huber v. Steiner, 29 Eng. C. L. Rep. 308, (2 Bingh. N. C. 202.)
Actions "on all effects negotiable or"transferable by indorsement or delivery, are prescribed by five. years, reckoning from the day when these engagements were payable." C. C. of La. 3505. And this prescription runs "against persons residing out of the State." C. C. 3506.
To make our law of prescription applicable, it is 'necessary that the obligation sued on be one transferable by indorsement or delivery, and the question whether it be in fact so transferable is to be decided by the law of the place where the contract was entered into. Story's Conflict of Laws, sect. 242; Code of Practice of La. 13. Is the bond sued on negotiable or transferable by indorsement or delivery? This must be determined by the common law, as received and in force in the State of Virginia, where the instrument under consideration was executed.
I will not weary the court by going into an examination of the original effects of assignments of incorporeal rignts under the common law, or of the modes of enforcing them. Nor will I. give an account of the origin and peculiar character of bills of exchange, growing out of the necessities of trade. It is suficieqt for my present purpose to remark that promissory notes, notwithstanding the exigencies of commerce, did not acquire this peculiar feature,---the capacity of being transferred by indorsement or delivery, -until it was given to them by the statute of Anne, when, for the first time under the common law, they were made assignable at law, and were placed on the sarme footing as bills of exchange. Bonds and other instruments in writing were made assignable In the same manner in Virginia, by statute, in 1748, which was confirmed by the act -of 1786. 1 Rev. Code, 484. Such bhds as the one sued on became, from the adoption of these statutes in Virginia, transferable by simple indorsement, or by mere delivery. Seymour v. Van Slyck, 8 Wend. 421; Downing v. Backenstoes, 3 Caines, R. 136.
And the very point has been determined in Virginia. Makies's Ex'rs v. Davis, 2 Washington, 219; Drummond v. Crutcher, Id. 218.

462

SUPREME COURT.

Hill v. Tucker.

Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the court. This case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Easterr. District of Louisiana. It was argued with the case of Goocall v. Tucker, but the facts being somewhat different, and the prayers to the court not
exactly alike in both cases, it will be necessary to consider'them separately.
First then as to Catharine Hill's case. She filed a petition in February, 1848, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana against Tucker, the executor of Robinson. ShE was the wxddow and sole devisee of James P. Willdnson, who resided in Richmond,
Virginia, and after his death intermarried with Hill, by whose authority she prosecuted this suit.
Robinson lived also in Richmond, although his property was chiefly situated in Louisiana. In December, 1842, Robinson died in Richmond, having made a, will a few days before his death, and appointed, as executors, William R. Johnson and Joseph Allen, of Virginiaf and Thomas Pugh and Joseph W. Tucker, of Louisiana. Johnson and Allen qualified as e.kecutors
in Virginia, and Tucker in Louisiana. The causes of action, in the suit brough by Catharine Hill,
were the four following, which will be separately noticed under the letters A, B, C, D,
[A] On the 9th of December, 1839, Archer Cheatham made
a promissory note, payable ninety days after date, promising to pay to the order of Abner Robinson and Isham Puckett, one thousand dollars, negotiable and payable at the Bank of Virginia. It was indorsed by Robinson and Puckett, and came into the possession of Wilkinson. Not being paid at maturity,
it was protested. In March, 1840, Wilkinson brought E.n action against the
drawers and indorsers, in the Circuit Superior Court of Henrico
county, Virginia, and recovered a judgment. In July, 1840, he issued an execution, which, in August, was
suspended until further orders. Cheatham and Puckett soon afterwards took the benefit of the Bankruit Act passed by Congress. Nothing further was done as to this claim until Catharine Hill filed her petition as above stated.
[B] On the" 20th of November, 1840, Robinson gave the fol-
lowing due-bill. "1$575. Richmond, November 20, 1840. Due James P. Wilk-
inson, for value received (viz., cash loaned) five hundred and seventy-five dollars. Given under my hand this day ald date
as abbve written. Abner Robinson." In February, 1843, Wilkinson brought a suit in the Henrico

DECEMBER TERM, 18"51.

463

Hill v. Tucker.

County Court, against Johnson and Allen, the Virginia executors of Robinson, and in the ensuing June obtained a judgment. A ft. fa. was issued, but the return was "no effects found."
[C]. On the 19th of August, 1842, Robinson made the follow-
ing single bill. "$200. Richmond, August 19th, 1842. Due James P. Wilk-
inson, two hundred dollars for money borrowed this day, as per
check on the Farmers Bank of Virginia, of the same date, &c. Given under my hand and seal as above." Abner Robinson. (Seal.)"
In February, 1843, Wilkinson brought a suit against Johnson and Alien, upon this bill, and obtained a judgment in the following June. Afi.fa. was issued upon this and the same return made as in the preceding cases, viz. "no effects found."
[D] In October, 1843, one Bolling S. Dandridge brought a suit against Robinson for tio hundred dollars, being one year's wages as overseer. After Robinson's death, it was revived against his executors. In August, 1843, Dandridge obtained a judgment, and issued aft. fa.; but the same return was made as above, viz. "xno effects found." On the 1st of February, 1845, Dandridge assigned this judgment and execution to Wilkinson.
Not long after this, Wilkinson died. The record does not
show when, but in April, 1846, a succession was opened in Louisiana, upon his estate, and after sundry proceedings in opposition, which it is not material to mention, his widow, Catharine, was recognized as the rightful representative of the estate. But this did not take place until May, 1847. In the mean time she had taken out letters testamentary in Virgiia, in August, 1846, and married Hill in December, 1846.
On the 29th of February, 1848, Catharine Hill filed her petition against Tucker, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, claiming the several sums of money mentioned in the four preceding classes.
Tucker filed his answer, alleging "that the judgments set forth were obtained in Virginia, in proceedings to which, he, in his capacity of executor, was no party, and that they are therefore
not binding on the succession of Robinson in Louisiana. That on one of the obligations, to wit, that made by Cheatham for $1,000, dated 9th December, 1839, Robinson, if he indorsed at all, was joint indorser with one Puckett, and was in law bound only for one half of the sum. That the actions on the demands upon which these judgments rest, are barred by the prescription
of five years." The cause came up for trial before the court without a juty,
in November, 1849, when a judgment was given against Tucker. This was afterwards stricken out and a ne* trial granted;

SUPREIE COUR;T.
Hill v. Tucker.
Tucker then filed a supplemental answer by'way of peremptory exceptions to the petition, as a plea of prescription. It stated, in substance, that as to the judgment for $1,000 against Robinson, which was rendered during his lifetime, the plea of limitations wa, interposed; that Allen and Johnson were qualified as executors in Virginia, on the 21st of December, 1842, and that more than five years elapsed between the date bf such qualification and the institution of this suit; and that by the statutq of limitations of the State of Virginia, the claim was barred by the expiration of five years.
In May, 1850, the cause came up for argument a second time before the court. At the trial, thie causes of action designated as B, C, and D, were proved by' evidence in Virginia, taken under a commission, and records of the court as to the several judgments were given in evidence. The other facts, above stated, were also proved.
After the evidence was closed the plaintiff asked the court to decide, as if instructing a jury upon the evidence, as follows:
"1st. The" testator, Robinson, resided and died in Viiginia, leaving a will, which was duly proven in the proper tribunal after his death, in and by which he appointed the defendant and others his executors, and two only of his executors made probate, and qualified in the proper court in Virginia; and if suits were instituted by the plaintiff, and by others-who have assigned their judgments and the causes of action on which their judgments were founded to the plaintiff, against the executors of Robinson, who qualified in Virginia, and obtained judgments against those executors in the apprSpriate courts of Virginia having jurisdiction 6f sfich matteps; and if upon those judgments executions issued andwi ere returhed by the proper officers in substance nulla bona; aid if the defendant, a citizen of Lou. isiana, who never qualified as executor in Virginia, is a co-executor of the same estate, who has proved -the will in Louisiana, and taken on himfiself the execution thereof in Louisiana, has in hands ample assets in Louisiana, to pay all debts; and if the evidence fully establishes these facts, that then the judgments so rendered in Virginia, are evidence against the executQr in Louisiana in this suit.
2d. That by the laws of Louisiana judgments are assignable, and that upon assigned judgments the assignee can maintain an action in his or her own name therefor.
3d. That under such a will as that of Robinson, produced in this cause, the co-executors, although in different States, that qualified and acted, derived the same powers from the same source over the same estate, and that unlike administrators, they are to such estate of the decedent privies in estate; and the

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

465

Hill v, Tucker..

exemplifications of the records of the courts of Virginia, duly au. thenticated, which have been read in this cause, showing judgments against the only executors of Robinson who qualWIed in Virginia, in the appropriate court of probate of the domicil of the deceased, are evidence against the co-e~ecutor who .qualified in Louisiana, and holds abundant assets in Louisiana.
4th. That if plaintiff were not entitled to recover again'st defendant on the production of the records showing the judgments against the co-executors in Virginia, and that those judgments
were unsatisfied, because of a lack of assets in the hands of The Virginia executors to satisfy the same, that they would be entitled to recover, on producing the further evidence to prove that those judganents in Virginia were rendered on good and valid, and subsisting and unsatisfied, cajuses of action against the testator, Robinson.
5th. That the plaintiff has produced sufficient proof of the
several causes of action, on which the 'judgments read in evidence were founded, to justify a jury in finding for the plaiatiff upon those several original causes of action.'
6th. That the several causes of action set forth in the petition, independent of the judgments rendered thereon against the
co-executors in Virginia, are not, upon the testimony in this cause, barred by prescription.
7th. That upon all the evidence in this cause a jury might and should find a verdict for the plaintiff.
8th. That the several suits in Virginia, of which the records have been read, operated as a judicial interpellation to stop the running of prescription upon those several demands'in favor of the defendant.
And the defendant objected to said several propositions, and the court sustained his objections, and decided all and each of the several propositions against the plaintiff, except the aforesaid proposition, No. 2; and to each of said decisions separately the
plaintiff excepted. And the defendant asked the court to decide 1st. That no one of the records, read to the court in this cause,
showing judgment against his co-executors in Virginia, was evidence against the defendant.
2d. That each and every one of the causes ot action, se' forth
in the 'petition, and. to which evidence had been adduced, was barred as to said defendant by prescription.
3d. That upon the whole evidence offered the plaintiff was not
entitled to recover; and that upon the evidence a jury could rightfully, and should, find a verdict for the defendant; to each
of which plaintiff objected. And tHe court overruled the several objections of plaintiff, and

SUPREME COURT.
Hill v. Tucker.
decided as askedby the defendant; and to each of said opinions of the court, the plaintiff excepted." .
We 9A'not concur in the suggestion made in the argument of this case, that the relations or privity between executos and testators in Louisiana differ from such as exist at common law. Louisiana, in her code, without adopting the terms of the civil law, makes the same distinction as is made at common law, between one called upon to administer the estate of an intestate, and one appointed to the office of executor by a testator. The responsibilities of both, as to the manner of settling the estate which they represent, depend upon the law of the State; but the relation between executor and testator is altogether different. The executor's interest in the testator's, estate is what the testator gives him. That of an administrator is only that which the law of his appointment enjoins. The testator may make the trust absolute or qualified in respect to his estate. It may be qualified as to the subject-matter, the place where the trust shall be discharged, and the time when the executor shall begin and'continue to act' as such. He may be executor for one or several purposes- for a part of the effec'ts in possession of the testator at the time of his death, or for such as may be in action, if it be only for a debt due. But though the executor's -rustor appointment may be limited, or though there are several executors in different jurisdictions, and some of them limited executors, they are, as to the creditors of the testators, executors in privity, bearing to the creditors the same responsibilities as if there was only one executor. The privity arises from their obi'-. gations to pay the testator's debts, wherever his effects may be; just as his obligation was to pay them. The executor's interest in the testator's estate is derived from the will, and vests from the latter's death, whatever may be the form which the law requires to be ol-.3erved before an executor enters upon the discharge of his functions. When within the same political jurisdiction, however many executors the testato' may appoint, all of them may be sued as one executor for the debts of the tes-' tator, and they may unite in a suit to recover debts due to their testator, or to recover property out of possession.
All of them, then, having the same privity with each other and to the testator, and the same responsibility to creditors, tho'gh they may have been qualified as executors in different sovereignties, an action for a debt due by the testator, against any one of them in that sovereignty where he undertook to act as executor, places all of them in one relation concerning it, and as to the remedies for its recovery: what one may plead to bar a recovery, another may plead; and that which will not bar a recovery against any of them, applies to all of them. Between adminis-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

467

Hill v. Tucker.

trators deriving their commissions to act from different politicat jurisdictions, there is no such privity. This court has treated of this fully in two cases: In the case of Aspden and others v. Nixon and others, 4 How. 467, and in Stacy v. Thrasher, 6 How. 44. We refer to the former without citing any part of it, but it is full upon the point, and may be instructively read.
But we shall cite a passage from Stacey v. Thrasher on account of its appropriateness to what has just been said in respect to the want of privity between administrators deriving their powers
in different jurisdictions.
" An administrator under grant of administration in one State stands in none of these relations - of privity - to another administrator in another State. Each is privy to the testator, and would be estopped by a judgment against him, birt they have no privity with each other in law or estate. They receive their authority from different sovereignties, and over different property. The authority of each is paramount to the other. Each is administrator to the ordinary from which he receives his comrpission. Nor does the one come by succession to the other into the trust of the same property, incumbered by the same debts, as in
the case of an administrator de bonis non, who may truly be said to have an official privity with his predecessor in th@ same trust, and therefore liable to the same duties." In that case, as a consequence of such reasoning, it was determined that an action of debt will not lie against an administrator in one of the United
States, on a judgment obtained against a different administrator of the same intestate, appointed under the authority of another State.
For the same reasons, notwithstanding the privity that there is between executors to a testator, we do not think that a judgment obtained against one of several executors would be conclusive as to the demand against another executor, qualified in a different State from that in which the judgment was rendered.
But such a judgment may be admissible in evidence in a suit against an executor in another jurisdiction, for the purpose of
showing that the demand had been carried into judgment in another jurisdiction, against one of the testator's executors, and that the others were precluded by it from pleading prescription or the statute of limitations upon the original cause of action. Such is the case certainly in Louisiana, as may be seen from
the case of Jackson v. Tiernan,'in 15 Louis. Rep. 485. The
Supreme Court of that State, speaking by Judge Martin, says, that the plea of prescription cannot prevail in behalf of one joint debtor, if a suit has been brought against another in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Marylanc meaning thereby, we presume, if it had been commenced in any

468

SUPREME COrTRT.

Hill v. Tucker;

other court in the United States. When. then, the court below
rejected, as inadmissible in evidence in this case, the judgment obtained in Virginia against Allen and Johnson, the executors of Robinson in that State, we think it erred, and that it should
have been admitted for the purposes mentioned. The court also instructed the jury, that the causes of action in this suit against Tucker, the co-executor of Allen and Johnson, were barred by prescription. In this we think there was error. The article of
her code upon which that instruction was given, 3505, is in these words: "Actions on bills of exchange, notes payable to order or bearer - except bank notes - those of all effects negotifible or transferable by indorsement or delivery, are prescribed
by five years, reckoning from the day when these engagements are'payable." It is not applicable to either of the causes of. ac-
lion set out in the plaintiff's petition. It is not so to Cheatham's note, indorsed by Robinson, because, being carried into judgment in Robinson's lifetime, it estops all his executors anywhere, from denying it, and obliges them to pay it out of his assets wherever
they may be. So it would be if, instead of executors, they were administrators in different States,. as was said in Stacey and Thrasher's case, that each administrator is privy to the testator, and would be estopped by a judgment against him. The prescription of Louisiana, also, is not applicabl6 to the due-bill given by Robinson to Wilkinson, for $575, or to that for $200
for money borrowed fr6m Wilkinson, neither of them being ne-
gotiable by the law of Virginia or by the law of Louisiana, and therefore not within the article of prescription. For the samd reason it is not applicable to the judgment obtained by Dan, dridge for $200, for overseer's wages due by Robinson, and which was assigned to Wilkinson. In this view of the case, we shall direct the judgment given by the court below to be reversed, and.that the case shall be remanded for further proceeding, in
conformity with this opinion.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remamded to the said Circuit Court, -with directions to proceed therein in conformity to the opinion of this court:

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.
Goodall v. Tucker.

CHARLES P GOODALL, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JOSEPH W. TUCKER, EXECUTOR OF ABNER ROBINSON, DECEASED.

The principles laid down in the preceding case of HiLl v. Tucker, again affirmed.

THIS case, like the preceding one, of Hill v. Tucker, was
brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
They were argued together, and differed only in there being different plaintiffs. The cause of action in this case is stated in the opinion of the court; and the reader is referred to the report of the preceding case for the arguments of counsel.

Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the uourt.
This cause was tried by the judge without a jury and the legal propositions raised by counsel in the course of the trial were decided by him, to which exceptions were taken, as if they had been instructions to a jury.
The cause of action is- the following single bill, which was executed at Richmond in Virginia:

"On demand, we, Abner Robinson, Isham Puckett, and J. P. Wilkinson, promise to pay to Charles P. Goodall, his executors or administrators, the sum of four thousand nine hundred and twenty-six dollars and twenty-seven cents, ($4,926.27,) lawful
money of these United States, for the faithful performance of which promise we bind ourselves, our heirs, executors, adminis-
trators, and assigns, as witness our hands and seals, this 6th day

of September, 1839.

ABNER ROBINSON.

ISEAL.]

ISHADI PUCKETT.

[SEAL.

J~k s P. WILKINSONY" [SEAL.

It may as well be here stated that it was proved upon the trial that Wilkinson and Puckett were sureties and that the debt had been reduced to $1,432, with interest from the 1st January, 1846.

In October, 1842, Goodall brought suit in the Henrico County Court against the three obligors. Robinson was too illto attend

to the process, and afterwards died. The suit was prosecuted to judgment against Wilkinson in March, 1843, and abated as to

the other defendants.

Execution was awarded upon the judgment and a return made "no effects found."
In February, 1848, Goodall filed his petition against Tucker in thp Circuit Court of the United States for Louisiana, alleging

the above facts; when the same proceedings took place which are mentioned in the case of Catharine Hill.

VOL. XIII.

40

470

SUPREME COU]RT.

Goodall v. Tucker.

There is a good deal of documentary evidence in the, record, which we shall not notice, as it does not in any way affect the decision which should have been given upon the prayers of the
plaintiff. See preceding case of Hill v. Tucker.
Those prayers were, with the defendan; prayers, as follows: "After the evidence was offered the plaintiff asked, the court
to decide, as if instructing a jury upon the evidence: 1st. Thai if the testator Robinson by his will left four execu-
tors, that Joseph Allen and W. R. Johnson, citizens of Virginia,
were two of those executors; and if they only qualified in Virginia, in the county of the domicil of the testator; and if the plaintiff, upon a valid and subsisting cause of action, instituted suit in the Henrico County Court, in Virginia, against the only executors of the testator who had qualified; and if the plaintiff had obtained judgment regularly in that court, and ,it v as a
court of competent jurisdiction to hear and determine said cause; and if the plaintiff, having thus obtained judgment against the only qpalified executors of the domicil of the decedent, regularly issued his execution on that judgment, and had thereon a return
by the sheriff of nulla bona; and if the defendant was also an executor of the same testator appointed by the same will, and as such had taken upon himself the execution of said will according to the laws of Louisiana, where he resided; and if, as
executor of Robinson, the defendant has ample estate of his tes-
tator in his hands to pay the debts; and if all these facts are
proven and established by the evidence, that then the 'plaintiff is entitled to recover judgment against "he defendant fdr the amount of the judgment against the executors who qualified in
Virginia. 2d. That the bxemplification of the record and the judgment
obtained by the plaintiff against the executors Allen and Johnson, and the return of nulla bona thereon, are evidence against
the defendant, a co-executor in Louisiana. 3d. That co-executors, unlike co-admirilstrators, axe privies in
estate, because they derive the same privities over the same estate from the samb will; and that under the will of Robinson, which was read- and the proofs of the qualification which were
offered in this case, the plaintiff is entitled to recover-against the defendant the amount of the judgment obained by him against the only acting executors of the domicil of the decedent.
4th. That if the plaintiff is not authorized to recover against the defendant on the mere production of the record of the judgment against his co-executers in Virginia, who alone made probite of the will there, and qualiaed, that he is entitled to recover, on proving that the original cause of actioa on which that judgnient was founded was. a just, valid, and subsisting demand

DECEMBER TERA 1851.

471

Goodall v. Tucker.

against the testator Robinson, and the additioflal fact that the estate in the hands of the executors of the domricil of the testator in Virginia was exhausted, and that the defendant or co-executor has ample estate in his hands in Louisiana.
5th. That independent of the record of the judgment in Virginia, the plaintiff has a right to recover against the defendant as executor of Robinson, upon the bond filed and proven, the
amount of the balance due on that bond. 6th. That the original cause of action on which the judgment
in the Henrico County Court is established and proven and a re-
covery thereon is not barred by the prescriptive laws' of Lou-
isiana. 7th. That upon all the evidence offered, the plaintiff is entitled
to a judgment in his favor. 8th. That the suit in Virginia against the co-executor was a
judicial-interpellation which would stop the running of prescription against the demand which was the cause of action in that suit. All of which the court overruled, and the plaintiff excepted.
And upon the facts proven the defendant asked the court to decide: 1st. That the Virginia judgment against the co-executors was not evidence against the defendant; 2d. That the original
cause of action on which that judgment was rendered was barred as to the defendant by prescription; and, 3d. That upon the whole evidence the defendant was entitled to judgment in his favor. To all which plaintiff objected, and the court overruled his objections, and gave the decisions as asked by defendant;
and to these several opinions plaintiff excepted. And the defendant objected to each and all of said proposi-
tions, and the court sustained severally the objections of defendant, and refused to decide any one of said propositions as asked by the plaintiff. To each of which several opinions and decisions
the plaintiff at the time excepted."
The court in sustaining the latter has erred. We think that all of the prayers for the plaintiff were properly made, and that conjointly they make an issue decidedly in his favor. See opinion in case of Hill v. Tucker. We shall not notice them more particularly than to say, that the suit upon the bond in Virginia, was a judicial interpellation
which stopped the Louisiana prescription from running against the cause of action in that suit and in this suit
Further the record shows that this suit was brought in Louisiana within the time that its law fixes for prescribing actions
upon such a demand.
The judgment is reversed, and the case will be remanded for further proceedings in conformity with this decision.

SUPRiEME COURT.
Pillow v. Roberts.
Order.
This cause came on .to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the 'United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and was- argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged bythis court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to proceed therein in conformity to the opinion of this court.

JEROME B. PILLOW, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. TRUbiAN R6BERTS.

Where a deed, executed in Wisconsin, and attested by the seal of a court, stamped

upon the paper, instead of wax dr a wafer, was offered in evidence upon a trial in

itcrwkaasnpsaros,perly received.

Where a deed from the sheriff, for land sold at a tax-sale, recited an assessment for

taxes which remained

unpaid; the the

ahdigvheerstitsebmidednert, owfhtohepaliadndt,haendpuorcffhearsineg-miotnfeoyr

to

saleu

its being struck

own this

deed oght

tohave

bern received

in

evidence.

The

and received a certificate;

law of Arkansas says, that the deed shall be evidence of the regularity and legality

of the sale.

But± even if this deed had been insufficient as a proof title, it ought to have been

received, in connection with proof of possession, to establish a defence under the

statute of limitations.

'Possession under this deed would have been sufficient proof for adverse nossession.

Tnis case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Arkansas.
The circumstances of the case, and the points of law upon which it came up to this court, are fully stated in its opinion.
It was argued by Mr. Lawrence and 21r. Pike, for the plaintiff in error, and l1r. Critte7den,for the defendant in error.

Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court.
Roberts, the defendant in error, was plaintiff below, in an action of ejectment for 160 acres of land. Pillow, the defendant below, pleaded the general issue, and two specia pleas: The first, setting forth a sale of the land in dispute, for taxes more than five years before suit brought: The second, pleading the statute of limitation of ten years. These pleas were overruled. on special demurrer, as informal and insufficient; and the judg-
ment of the court on this subject-is here alleged as error. But as the same matters of defence were afterwards offered to be
laid before the jury on the trial of the general issue and over-

DECEMBER TERM, 1861.

381

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

same property; and as the notice was served upon the petitioner, as having a mortgage on the property, we think it was sufficient. The decree of the Circuit Court is affirmed, with costs.

Order.
x nis cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the EaStern District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consider-" ation whereof, it is now here ordered, 'adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said District Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmec.

JOHN H. HOWARD, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. STEPHEN M..IN-
GERSOLL; JOHN H. HOWARID AND JOsEPHus ECKOLLS, PLAIN-
TIFFS IN ERROR, V. STEPHEN A INGERSOLL.
In 1802, when Georgia ceded her back lands to the United States, she had jurisdiction over the whole of the Chattahqochee River, from its source to the thirty-first degree of north latitude.
The rule is that, where a power possesses a river, anudcedes the territory on the other side of it, making the river the boundary, that power retains the river, unless there is an express stipulation for the relinquishment of the rights of soil and jurisdiction over the bed of such river.
When Georgia ceded to theUnited States all the land situated on the west of a line - running along the western bank of the Chattahoochee River, she retained the bed
of the river and all the land to the east of the lineabove mentioned. The river flows in a channel, between two banks, from fifteen. to twenty feet high,
between the bottom of which and the water, when the river is at a low stage, there are shelving shores, from thirty to sixty yards each in width. The boundary-line runs along 'the top of this high western bank, leaving the bed of the river and the western shelvinz shore within the jurisdiction of Georgia. *
THESE two cases were argued and decided together. The suits related to the same tract of land and the rights of the same parties, although they came up from different States. The first, which is referred to in the opinion Of the court as No. 121, was an action on the case brought by Ingersoll in the Circuit Court Of Alabama (State court) to recover damages for the wrongful obstruction, by Howard, of the. Chattahoochee River, whereby the waters of that stream wexe backed in such a manner as to overflow Ingersoll's land and obstruct the use of his mill. This mill waj built between the high bank of the river and low-water mark, as it was called, so that when the water was high it wras overflowed; but when the water was low, it was on dry ground. At such times, it was worked by a race fed from the iver by means of a wing, dam. Howard built a

S'UPREME COURT.

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll..

dam below, which backed the water upon the mill, and impeded its operations. On the trial of this cause the jury returned a verdict in favor of Ingersoll for the sum of $4,000. The cause
was carried to the Superior Court of Alabama, where the judgment was affirmed; -whence it was brought to this court under the 25th section of the Judiciary Act.

No. 131.

HOWARD & ECIOLLS, Plaintiffs in error,
INGERSOLL.

This case was-brought, by writ of errcr, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Georgia. Howard & Eckolls, the builders of the dam, brought a suit against Ingersoll in the Superior Court of Muscogee county, Georgia, to recover damages for an illegal entry upon their land covered with water, and fishing thereon. The jur found a verdict for the plaintiffs for the sum of $600. A bill of exceptions brought
the case up to this court. After these general observations upon the two cases, let us
now take them up separately; and first of

No. 121.

HOWARD, Plaintiff in error, V.

INGERSOLL.

It has been always stated that this case was brought from
the Supreme Court of Alabama. The bill of exceptions, which
was taken on the trial of the cause in Russell Circuit Court,
was as follows: Bill of Exceptions. On the trial of this cause the plaintiff
(Ingersoll) produced a patent from the Uni':ed States to himself, dated in 1802, to fractional section No. 11, township 7, range 30, and proved title in himself to lots 1, 2, :3, and 4, in the town
of Girard, lying in Russell county, Alabama, and specifically described in some of the dounts of the declaration; said land has for its eastern boundary the State of Georgia, and is immediately west of the Chattahoochee River, on the bank thereof. This river has, for the most part, high bluff banks; but in some places the banks are low, an4 the adjacent lands on either side ('where they are low) are subject to inundation, for nearly a mile out of the banks. Immediately at the plaintiff's lands and lots there are banks of the river from fifteen to -twenty feet high, and very abrupt, and are high on both sides, and above and below, for considerable distances. The abrupt and high banks, however,
do not extend down to the water's edge at ordinary low water. The bed of the river at this point is about two hundred yards wide from bank to bank; and by the bed is meant the space between these abrupt and highanks, and is composed of rocks

DECEMBER TERM, 1.851.

883

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

and slues among the rocks from one side to the other; ordinary low water and extreme low'water together prevail for about two thirds of the year, during which time'the river is confined to a channel iabout thirty yard -wide,leaving the bed of the river as above described, &xposed on each side of this channel, from thirty to sixty yards. Immediately under, the "western abrupt and high bank, and within the latitude of the north and south boundary line of plaintiff's land, said lines being drawn-down to the water's edge, and in the bed of the river, as above de-. scribed, east of said western abrupt and high bank, the plaintiff erected a mill previous to 1842, and continued the possession and use thereof until overflowed by defendant's dam. The place on which said mill was situated was covered with water in ordinary high water, but was bare and dry in ordinary low
water.
To supply his mill with water the plaintiff had erected a wing dam, which ran in a north-east direction into the river, and supplied his mill with water at all seasons, and diverted a portion of the stream to the said mill, which passed again into the river above defendant's dam, and he, plaintiff, hadd blown out rock to give room to his mill-wheel.
It was further proved, that, in 1845, the defendant erected a dam across the river, about three hundred yards below the plaintiff's mill, and opposite the city of Columbus, Georgia. The said dam was four to five feet high, and at ordinary low water backed the water on plaintiff's mill, so as to prevent its, working; in high water the said dam made no difference, as the
water was level above it and on both sides of it. The plaintiff further proved the value of his mill and the injury he sustained. The defendant introduced in evidence the act of cession of the State of Georgia to the United States; the Constitution of
the State of Georgia; an act o'f the State of Georgia granting to the city of Columbus, the right, to lay off lots on her river boundary, running across the Chattahoochee River, to high-water
mark, on the western bank of said river. All of which evidence, being printed in the public acts, are to be read and considered
in full as part of this bill of exceptions.
The defendant also offered in evidence an authenticated deed to him, from the city of Columbus, granting him said lots, running across the river, and authority to erect the dam across the river; which original deed and accompanying plat, it is agreed,
may form a part of this bill of exceptions, and may be exhibited as such. The plaintiff's land was situated at a point of the river where there were falls or rapids, and where it was not
navigable, and that it was far above tide-water, and a fresh-
water stream, and between Miller's Bend and Cochei Creek:

884

SUPREME COURT.

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

The defendant's dam raised the water to a point on the western high bank which [is] dry at ordinary low water. One witness proved that he never knew a sheriff or constable of Georgia to
come over on the western bank to serve any writ, or process,
or other official act, and stated that he, the witness, had good opportunity to know if any such thing had been attempted,
as he had lived on the western bank for ten years.
At the place at which plaintiff's mill was erected the summit of the bank was never overflowed, even at the highest stages of the river, the water of which always remained several feet below it. The plaintiff gave in evidence to the court, which was not allowed to go as evidence to the jury, although requested by plaintiff, adts of the State of Georgia, conveying authority to the commissioners to negotiate the cession of territory from Georgia to the United States, and also the act of 'Georgia ratifying said cession; all of which may be read from the public acts: The court charged the jury, that one passing from Georgia -to Alabama, across the Chattahoochee River, at ordinary low water, would be upon the bank as soon as he left the water on the western side, although an inappreciable distance from the water, and that the line described in the treaty of cession from Georgia to the United States, as running up said river, and along the western bank thereof, is the line impressed upon the land by ordinary low water; and if they be-
lieved the plaintiff's mill was west of that line, and defendant's
dam backed the watef so as to obstruct the operation of said mill, the plaintiff was entitled to recover; to which charge the
defendant excepted. The defendant asked the court to charge the jury, that if the
bank of the river was ordinary low-water mark, the plaintiff had no right to the use of the water at that stage; which charge the court refused; to which defendant excepted, and prays his exceptions to be signed and sealed, and made part of the record of this cause, which is accordingly done in term time.
J. J. WOODwARD. [L. S.]

The judgment of the Circuit Court was affirmed by the Supreme Court of Alabama, and brought to this court to be reviewed, under the 25th section of the Judiciary Act.

No.

HoWARD & ECKOLLS, Plaintiffs in error,

This action was brought by way of petition by Howard'& Eckolls, the bwners of the dam below, against Ingersoll, the owner of the mill above, for entering the close (ground covered with water) of 'the petitioners and fishing. Ingersoll removed

DECEMBER TERM, 18-51.

885

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

the cause into the Circuit Court of the United States, where it was tried in July, 1850. The court having'refused to charge the jury as prayed for by the plaintiffs, they brought the case to this court, although there was a verdict in their favor for $600 damages.

The following is the bill of exceptions:

On the trial of this cause the plaintiffs proved, by the arti-

cles of cession, dated on'the 16th day of June, 1802, between

the United States and Georgia, that the boundary-line between Georgia and the Territory, now State of Alabama, was

a line beginning on the western bank of the Chattahoochee

River, and running along the western bank thereof. And did further prove, by competent testimony of witnesses, both for the

plaintiffs and on the -part of the defendant, that at the part of the said River Chattahoochee, where the closes in the said de-

claration mentioned are situated, the said river (not being a

tide-water, and not being navigable) is considerably reduced at its lowest state, especially in droughts, being quite narrow

at such state, particularly in some places where it is confined

by rocks projecting from the opposite sides of the river, and in

other places spreading out more at large. That between the water in this state of the river, and a high and perpendicular

bluff on the western or Alabama side, the distance varies, according to one witness, from 30 to 100 yards; according to another, the bluff banks are high and precipitous; at some

places they are 30 feet, at others 100, and again 150 feet from the main channel; by another, at the foot of the bluff bank is a

flat space from 50 to 150 feet wide, between ordinary water

mark and the bluff bank; from very low-water mark to the

bluff bank is more than 50 to 150 feet. According to another

witness it is from 100 to 120 feet from the bluff bank to medium water mark, and from 80 to 100 feet from medium water

mark to low-water mark; that this intermediate space is a flat or bottom land, gradually descending from the base of the bluff

to the water; that in places upon this flat there is a growth of

shrubbery, and some trees, such as pines, gums, oaks, willows,

alders, poplars, &c. ; that the growth on this flat:-would be liable to be destroyed if the flat were long or often overflowed; that

there is a road or cart-way underneath this bluff, a grist-mill, one post of which stands in the water, (the water approaching very

near the bluff at that loint,) and there being just room between the mill and the bluff for the" above road to pass. There is

also a saw-mill, (but not on the closes in the declaration men-

tioned,) and a cotton-gin factory under the bluff on this flat; and a small portion of it has at times been cultivated. That in the ordinary winter state of the river the water covers this

VOL. Xii.

33

$86

SUPREME COURT.

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

flat about half way to the bluff to the ba3e of a bank or ridge.
of sand and gravel, having an inclination of about forty-five degrees; that in very full states of the river, that is, in freshets, the -water covers the flats, reaching to, or nearly to, the bluff, and in the freshet of 1840, known as the Harrison freshet, it extended twelve feet up the base- of the bluff; that the extent' to which this flat is covered with water varies with the
height of the freshets in said river, it being all dry land at the lowest state of the river, and a portion of it being always, except in. high freshets, uncovered with water; that it is only in the full state of the river that the water overflows the sand-bank or ridge before mentioned,
Whereupon the plaintiffs prayed the court to instruct the jury that the true interpretation of the sais article of cession in the year 1802, between the- Uhited States and Georgia, requires
the boundary line between the State of Georgia and the Territory, now State, of Alabama, to be drawn on and along the western bank of the Chattahoochee River. And that wherever the jury may find that bank to be, the jurisdiction and limits of the State of Alabama must terminate, and cannot pass beyond that line to the eastward of the same, but that all east of
said :ie, whether it be land or water, is included within the limits and jurisdiction of Georgia, and no grant from the United
'States or the State of Alabama can confer title to any part of the same, either directly or indirectly, either by virtue of the said grant, or as an incident to the same.
Which instruction the said court refused to give, except subject to this modification, to wit, that the articles of cession
was an instrument, the interpretation of which beloxiged to the 'court and not to the jury, and gave the said instruction subject to the said modification; and moreover instructed the jury that, by the true construction of those articles of cession, the boundary-line between the 'State of Georgia and Alabama was to
be drawn on and along the .weern bank of the Chattahoochee River at low-water mark, when the river was at its lowest state.
To which refutai and instruction the plaintiffs except, and pray this bill of exceptions to be signed:, sealed, and enrolled,
which is 'done this fifth day of July, 1850. JNo. C. NiCOLL, [L. s.]
DistrictJudgefor the .Districtof Georga.

These cases having been brought before this court upon these
two bilIs of.exceptions, were, argued, by Mr. Johnson and Mr1k. .Berrien,for the plaintiffs in error, and Mr. Coxe, for the defend-
ant in error. The reporter gives the following Rotes of the ar. gument of Mr. Berrien, which have been kindly revised by him,

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

S87

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

and having no notes of ir. Coxe's argument, begs to refer the reader to the report of the Alabama case, in 17 Alabama Reports, 780; where will be fdund the argument of the counsel for Ingersoll, and also the opinion of the court as delivered by Dargan, C. J.

.3ir.Coxe contended that this court had no jurisdiction over
the Alabama case, because Ingersoll claimed under a title derived from the United States, and the judgment was in his favor and not against its validity, as required by the 25th section of the Judiciary Act.

31'r. Berrien, for plaintiffs in error. I will consider, - 1st. The question of jurisdiction; 2d. That
of boundary. Xtrisdlction. This question arises under the 25th section of
the Judiciary Act of 1789, (1 Stat at Large, 85.) The object of the section is to give appellate jurisdiction to the Supreme
Court of the United States from decisions of the State courts, in all cases in which it is necessary to determine (I use the
words of the act) tie Validity of a treaty, of a statute, or an authority exercised under tile United States, or the construction of any clause of the Constitution or of a treaty, or of a statute of, or commission held under, the United States. No further detail is necessary to present the question of jurisdiction than to state,
that the United States and Georgia both* claimed lands lying east and west of the River Chattahoochee; that the United States exercised jurisdiction over them by organizing the Territory of Mississippi, recognizing in the act the claims of Georgia, saving
her rights, and providing for the appointment of commissioners to adjust these conflicting claims, (Act of 1798, 1 Stat. at Large, 549; Act of 1800, 2 Stat. at Large, 69); that Georgia acquiesced
in this proposal; that commissioners were appointed, and arti. cles of cession defining the boundary between the territory claimed by the United States and by Georgia were duly executed and confirmed. On the true ascertainment of that boundary the rights of the parties in these cases depend.
Georgia ceded to the United States all her right, title, &e.
to all lands lying west of that line. The United States ceded to Georgia all their right, title, &c. to all lands lying east of it.
The plaintiffs in error, deriving their title from Georgia, claimed under her original title, modified as it was by these articles, and therefore claimed also under the United States, that is to say, under the cession to Georgia by the United States of all their
right, title, &c. to all lands lying east of a line running on and along the western bank of the River'Chattahoochee. They

SUPREME COURT.
Howard et al. v. Ingeroll.
-claimed the whole river, the shore or flats between the margin of the water, and the bank, and founded their claim on the legislative grant of Georgia and these articles of cession by the United States.
The question in controversy between the parties was, What was the line which they established? In' No. 121 the court decided it to be "the line impressed upon the land by ordinary low water." Iii No. 131 it was declared to be "a line drawn on and along the western bank of the Ciattahoochee River at Jow-water mark, when the river was at its lowest state."
These decisions were therefore adverse to the claim set up by the plaintiffs in error under the act of cession by the United States, denying their exclusive right-to the river in every stage, to the shores and flats between the water's edge and the base of the bank, and to its inner edge or slope. The validity of this claim it is not material to consider on this questi n of jurisdiction. It is sufficient that it was made in the Supreme Court of Alabama, that it was made under the cession from the United States to Georgia, from whom they derived title, and that that court decided against it. In the construction of the 25th section.of the Judiciary Act, this court has said, "it must appear that the right, title, &c.,' unfder a statute or commission of the United States, was specially set up by the party claiming the same in th6 State court, and the decision be against the same.". Montgomery v. Hernandez, 12 Wheat. 129. But the court has also said that it is "not necessary that the question shall appear in the record to have been raised, and&the decision made in direct and positive terms, ipsissimisverbis; it is sufficient if it appear that the question must have been varied, and must have been decided, to induce the judgment." 1 Stat. at Large, 86, in notes and authorities cited. Now the plaintiffs claimed under Georgia. She had restricted her limits, having, by the act of cession, withdrawn them from the M11ississippi to-the line agreed upon in those articles. To determine on the validity of her grant it was necessary to decide where that line was, and this depended on the construction of the articles of cession, -the joint act of the United States and Georgia. Again, the bill of exceptions states, that at the point to which this controversy applies the river is bounded 'by banks from fiftben to twenty feet high; that the bed of the river, the space between these' banks, is about two hunidred yards wide; that at ordinary low water the channel is about thirtyr yards wide, leaving from thirty t9 sixty (or rather eight) yards of fats exposed on each side between the channel and banks; that the mill of defenda11 in error was placed below the western high bank in the bed of' the river, and that the site of the mill was covered with water in ordinary high

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

889

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

water, but was bare and dry in ordinary low water. The plaintiffs claimed the western high bank, including the whole river, the flats, and the inner face of that bank, and that this was the line defined in the act of cession made by the United States. If this claim was affirmed, the defendant in error was a trespasser, and this judgment could not have been rendered. It was disaffirmed, and so disaffirming it the court denied the validity of the act of cession, under which plaintiff claimed, or they gave a construction to those articles adverse to his claim, and in either case the appellate jurisdiction of this court is manifest.
But the learned counsel has yielded the question of jurisdiction by conceding, as he has done, that these records "present but a single question, viz., what is the true construction of
that part of the compact between the State of Georgia and the United States," &e. Surely it belongs to this court to decide, in the last resort, on the construction of a compact entered into by commissionfers of the United States acting under the authority given by a 'statute of the United States.
But again, the learned counsel yields the question of jurisdiction by contending, as he may rightfully contend, that these ac. tions "were local in their character," for then, especially in the Alabama case, No. 121, in which alone the jurisdiction of this-
court is contested, it became necessary for the Supreme Court of Alabama to decide that the locus of the alleged trespass was within the limits of that State, which could only be done by giving a construction to the act of cession, and thus deciding the locality of the line of boundary between Georgia and Alabama, which they prescribe. Without this;judgment could not have been rendered for the plaintiff in the court below. . The question of jurisdiction is gubmitted. I proceed to examine the question of boundary.
Its decision depends on the construction to be given to the following words 'in the act of cession: "West of a line begin-
ning on the western bank of the Chattahoochee River, where the same crosses the boundary-line between the United States and
Spiin, running up the said River Chattahoochee, and along the vestern bank-thereof"; and on the mutual cession of the United States and Georgia,- the United States ceding to Georgia all-their right, title, &c. to the territory lying east of that line, and Georgia ceding to the United States all her right, title, &c. to thd territory lying west of it. That line, then, limits the precise
boundary between the contracting parties. The United States have relinquished all claim to territoxy lying east of it; Georgia has in like manner relinquished her claim to territory lying
west of it. .But the learned counsel supposes that this cession by the
33*

890

SUPREME COURT.

Howard et al. v. IngerEoll.

United States is valueless, because the commissioners of the
United States exceeded- their power in making it; that they were limited, by the act creating the commission, to an accept-
ance of a cession from Georgia; of a cession of lands lying *¢est of the Chattahoochee, and were not authorized to cede to
Georgia the right, title, &c. of the United States to territory lying east of that line.
To give to the learned counsel the whole benefit, of his argument, let it be conceded that the commissioners of the United States exceeded their powers in making the cession to Georgia,
as the commissioners of Georgia certainly did exceed their powers in ceding to the United States all thq right, title, &c. of
Georgia to the territory lying west of a line drawn on the bank
of the Chattahoochee, for they were limited to a cession of the territory lying west of a line seventy miles west of the Chatta-
hoochee. Marb. & Craw. Dig. Laws Geo. Both parties, ti en, exceeded their powers. With a view to the amicable adjustment of the controversy they assumed to themselves powers
.which were not conferred upon them. What then? The learned counsel is aware that the subsequent ratification of the acts of an agent who has exceeded his powers is equivalent to the original grant of the powers which he has exercised. Now Geor. gia and the United States have acquiesced in the settlement of
thb controversy made by the articles, - Georgia by an express act of legislation, the United States by repeated acts, resulting in the organization of the Territory of Alabama and her subse. quent admission as a State.
We enter, then, upon the consideration of the a'rticles of cession, having established our claim to the full benefit of the mu-tual cession of the United States and Georgia. Under these articles the plaintiff's in error claim that the boundary which
they describe is 'a line beginning on the western bank of, the Chattahoochee, running up the river and along the western bank thereof, meaning thereby the elevated bank, which, with that on the eastern side, contains the river in its natural ch.nnel when there is the greatest flow of water.
The line is to begin on the bank, to run up the river and
along the bank. It is to run up, to indicate its direction; on and along the bank, to mark its locality. The line thus clings
to the bank. What, then, is the western bank? Is it the margin of the
river, -the varying line marked by the contact of the water with the land, in its different stages of high, low, 'ordinary high, and ordinary low, or extreme low water, and which of them? Or is it the bank of earth which, with that on its opposite side,
contains the river in its natural channel when there is the-great-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.
goward et al. v. Ingersoll.
est flow of water? This inquiry may be considered, - 1st. Technically; 2d. With a view to the probable intention of the parties, as that is to be inferred from the statutory history of the transaction, taken in connection with the character of the rl- r and the consequences to result from either construction.
Before entering upon this inquiry, there are certain terms which will occur in the progress of this discussion, to which it is necessary to affix a definite meaning.
We are seeking to ascertain the meaning of the expression, the bank of a river. What, then, is a river ? What are its banks ? A river is defined to be a body of flowing water, of no specific dimensions, larger than a brook or rivulet, less than a sea -" a running, stream, pent in dn.each side by walls or banks." Woolwich on Sewers, 51; Rutherf. 90, 91; vide etiam Livingston v. Morgan, 6 Mart. R. 19.
A river is said to be "pent in by walls or'banks," and is thus contradistinguished from a sea or an ocean, which encompasses the land, rather than is encompassed by it. A river consists of water, a bed, and banks. The bed or channel is the space over which the.water flows, -" the hollow bed in which waters flow." Nautically, the term channel is opposed to shallows; the former indicating the deeper portion of the stream, that along which vessels pass. In ordinary phraseology, the bed or channel is the hollow space between the banks which bound the river. It is usual in cases of this sort to refer tq lexicographers.
A bank is defined to be "a steep declivity, rising from a river, lake, or sea." Webster, def. Bank.
Ripa extrmitas terra,qua aquca alluitur. And again: Ripa recte definitur id quod flumen continet vaturalem vigorem eursui sui tenens. Bayley's Latin Lexicon, def. Ripa.
Bouviere says: "Banks of rivers contain the river in its natural channel when there is the greatest flow of -water. Bouv.L. Dict., def. Bdnks of Rivers; Morgan v. Livingston, ante.
Mr. Justice Story defines shores or flats to be the space between the margin of the water in a low stage, and the banks which contain -itin its greatest .flow, thus distinguishing flats or shores from banks. Thomas v. Hatch, 3 Sumn. 178.
Chief Justice Parsons, citing Lord Hale's definition of the term shores, considers it as synonymous with flats, and therefore substitutes this latter expression. Storer v. Freeman, 6 Mass. R. 438, 439. His opinion in that case confirms the position for which we are contending. Chief Justice Parker Ulds a similar doctrine. Hatch v. Dwight, 17 Mass. R. 289, 298.
Chief Justice Marshall says: " Thu shores of a river border on the water's edge:" Handley's Lessee v. Anthony, 5 Wheat. 374, 385.

$92

SUPREME COURT.

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

If the shore b'orders on the edge of the water, it must extend
outwards to the bank, and therefore cannot be the bank, which, in certain stages of the river, it separates _r7om the water's edge.
A river, then, consists of water, a bed, and banks; these several parts constituting.the river, the whole river. It is a compound
idea; it cannot exist without all its parts. Evaporate the water,
and you have a dry hollow. If you could sink the bed, instead of a river you would have a fathomless gulf. Remove the
bank, afid you have a boundless flood. He who owns the river must therefore own the water, the bed, and the banks; since these are parts of that which belongs to him - the elements which constitute the river, of which he is owner.
1. The question of boundary considered technically, I proceed to consider, first, - the language of the articles of cession; the description of the river in the record ; the position of the mill of the defendant in error.
The articles of cession are found in Hotchk. Dig. Laws Geo. 83. Its language is familiar to the court. It requires the line to
run on and along the western bank. The description of the river is found in Howard v. Ingersoll,
Rec. p. 5; Howard & Eckolls v. Ingersoll, Rec- p. 4. It is described as bounded - "pent in" - by high banks, up to which it sometimes flows, being two hundred yards wide, while at others it is reduced to a channel of thirty yards in width.
The eastern boundary of defendant's land is the State of
Georgia. Howard v. Ingersoll, Rec. p. 5. His mill-site is in the bed of the river, and is covered with water at ordinary high water. It is not on the high bank, nor at its base; for a cartroad passes between the mill and the bottom of the bank. Howard & Eckolls v. Ingersoll, Rec. p. 4. . The Supreme Court of Alabama decided that this mill-site
was within the State of Alabama, in al. verba,that a mAill-site in the bed ofgthe river, between which and the- bank there was a cart-road, and which mill-site was overflowed at ordinary high water, was west of a line drawn on and along the western bank
of the Chattahoochee River. The grounds of that decision it is my duty to examine. It
rests 1. On the consideration of convenience. 2. On cases relative to riparian rights, as calculated to show
that the term bank may be considered as equivalent to low-water mark.
3. On the supposed analogy of the case of Handley's Lessee
v. Anthony, to this case. A brief remark on each of these. To the argument of con-
venience, I might safelyr reply in the language of the maxim,

DECEM1BER TERM, 1851.
Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.
Cujus est dare, ejus est disponere. Georgia yielded to the United States, almost gratuitously, the vast domain, which now constitutes the States of Alabama and Mississippi. She had a perfect right to prescribe the limits of her cession, andto consult her own conveliience in determining them. But what -is the inconvenience ? Tt is said, it would be burdensome to the citizens of Alabama, to answer in the courts of Georgia foz offences committed on the western margin of the Chattahoochee River. But this would be true also of the Flint; Ocmulgee, or any of the other great rivers of-Georgia. The inconvenience should be considered before the act is committed. But the Supreme Court of Alabama was influenced, also, by a consideration of the convenience of Georgia, and decided to divest Georgia of all that-part of the bed of the river which lies between the foot of the bank, and low-water mark, because it would be inconvenient to her to exercise jurisdiction over it. Why more so than over the eastern side, of a river which, according to the decision of the Supreme Court of Alabama, is, for nine months pf the year, only thirty yards wide ?
This argument of convenience will, however, be considered hereafter in examining the case of Handley's Lessee v. Anthony.
I proceed with the consideration of the opinion of the Supreme Court of Alabama.
In commenting on the decision of the court in Hatch v. Dwight, ante, and quoting the words of Chief Justice Parker, who says, "the owner may sell the land without the privilege of the stream, as he will, if he bounds his grant by the bank," the Supreme Court of Alabama proceeds as follows: " Now, I admit that if the grant be limited to the bank of the river, the land covered by the water will not pass by it, that is, the bed of the river will not be granted; but we consider it well settled, that if land be granted on a running stream, not navigable, and in which the tide does not ebb and flow, and the words used to designate the boundary be the river, or the bank of the river, then the grant will extend to the middle of the stream, unless there be some other expression used, or some other circumstance, showing that the parties did not intend thatthe grant should extend adfilum aquce."
Now, with great respect to the Supreme Court of Alabama, I am utterly unable to distinguish, between a grant which is "limited to the bank of a river," and one in which "the words used to designate the boundary" are "the bank of the river." I have supposed that the boundary of a grant was the limit of the grant, and that was to be ascertained by "the words used to designate" it, and yet the Supreme Court of Alabama, admitting that a grant, which is limited to the bank of a river,

894

SUPREME COURT.

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

must stop at the bank, nevertheless decides that a grant, in
which the words used to designate the boundary, are the bank of the river, will extend ad filam aqucu, to the middle of the river, and proceeds to determine that the defendant's grant, which is bounded by the bank, extends to ordinary low-water mark, and includes the site of his mill, which is in
the bed of the river, separated from the bank Dy a cart-road, and overflowed at ordinary high water.
I submit to your honors that the rights of the plaintiffs in
error cannot be sacrificed; that the boundary of the State of Georgia cannot be removed from the permanent bank, on and along which it was to run, by this process of reasoning. In
commenting on the case of lHandley's Lessee v. Anthony, the Supreme Court of Alabama say: " But Judge Marshall, who delivered the opinion, did note that the word river and not bank, was used, hence it is supposed that if the term bank had been used instead of river, the cour; would not have held
low-water mark to be the line; but I think all must admit that the river is inseparably connected with the bank, even if the bank be not included within the legitimate meaning of the
term river, and being thus connected, the bank begins where the water touches the laid, and we chn, therefore, keep within the legitimate meaning of the term bank, and fix the line at
low-water mark.". Now this is 'to assume the whole question in controversy, - to
dssert that the uncovered portion of the bed of a river, that which is left bare by the retiring waters, constitutes its bank, although the very day after such a decision had been pronounced, what is
thus denominated a bank should resume its proper character of a bed, and be covered by the waters of the river in their fuller flow. And the assumption is made in direct opposition to authority, which makes the bank of a river to be part of the river, not a distinct thing, "inseparably connected" with it, but part and parcel of the river itself one of the elements of that compound idea, which is expressed by the term river, indispensable to its existence. Who can conceive the idea of a
river without banks? As I have before said, such a body of flowing water would not be a river, but a boundless flood. Hence, in the language of authority, a river is said to consist of water, bed, and banks, "inseparably connected," indeed, but so connected as part and parcel of one great whole, the river.
The argument of the Supreme Court of Alabama makes the
bed of the river, (that portion of it which is left bare, at low
water,) its bank, while the real bank, that by which the waters
of the river are "pent in," 'in their fuller flow, is divorced from all connection with the river, of which we have seen that

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

895

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

it constitutes an essential part. And again, it is a mere assumption of the question in controversy, for, if bowing to the authority of that high tribunal, we wereto admit "thatbecause the river and the bank are inseparably connected, the bank must begin where the water touches the land, it would no more follow that this rule was to be applied in the lowest than in the highest or medial state of the river.
But the court proceeds. Having admitted the position stated
by Judge Phrker, in Hatch v. Dwight, that "the owneriof- lan'd (lying on a stream) may sell the land, without the privilege of
the stream, as he will if he bounds his grant by the bank," and uzo flatz affirmed, that in a grant of lands so situated, in
which "the words used to designate the boundary" are the bank, will extend to the middle of the stream, thus making a distinction'not obvious to ordinaryintelligence, between a grant, which is bounded by a bank, and one, in which the bank is designated as the boundary, they declare, -" It may, however, be safely said, that when a private grant is bounded by the bank, or a running stream, in which the tide does not ebb and
flow, no well-considered case can be found that limits the grant short of low-water mark, unless there are other words or expressions used in the deed, showing that the parties did not intend that the grant should extend to low.-water mark," -thus plainly contradicting the admission previously made in comn-
menting on the case of Hatch v. Dwight. Now without ivsisting on this recalled admission, I venture to submit to your honors, looking to the fact, that the defendant's eastern boundary is the State of Georgia, whose western boundary is a line drawn on and along the western bank of the Chattahoochee;
that no surveyor's chain, acting under the authority of the United States, or Alabama, has ever been stretched east of that permanent or elevated bank. Looking to these facts, I venture to submit, nay, even to affirm, that no well or ill-considered case can be found, (that which we are considering alone, excepted,) which would extend the defendant's grant one inch beyond that line. It is so bounded by its express terms, and no intendrent can carry it further. The doetrine of ripairian rights can have no place here. These are accessory, incidental to the principal grant; but both the principal -and its incident must apply to
lands within the jurisdiction of the granting power. The defendant's grant can neither directly or by intendment
extend one inch beyond, and eastward of a line drawn on and along the restern bank of the Chattahoochee, for then it would pass into the jurisdiction of another sovereignty. Since, as well by virtue of her original title, as by the express cession of the United States, all east of that line belongs to Georgia.

SUPREME COU]RT.
Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.
I will now examine the case of Handley's Lessee v. Anthony, for the purpose of determining the supposed analogy of that case
to this. Two things are there decided: 1. That a tongue of land projecting from the main land of
Indiana, between which and the main land there is a narrow channel made by the waters of the Ohio, when they are high, but which is dry until the rivei is ten feet above its lowest state, the inhabitants of which had always paid taxes to and voted in Indiana, which had been considered within its jurisdiction while it was a Territory, and after it became a State, while the jurisdiction of Kentucky had never been extended over them,- that such a body of land was not an island within the State of Kentucky.
2. That under the cession by Virgini-a to the United States of her territory, north-west of the River Ohio, the State of Indiana, formed out of that territory, extended to low-water mark.
In examining-this case, it is very manifest that in determining the rights of the parties, it was only neqessary to decide the first of these propositions, viz,: That what was claimed as an island was, in fact, part of the main land of Indiana, only occasionally and partially separated from it by a bayou, making part of the River Ohio, mingling with other streams, and returning to the river. The matter in controversy was determined by this decision. The question of the extent of the boundary of -Indiana was not necessarily involved in it. Any opinion upon it was therefore obiter, not binding upon the court, and open. to examination by counsel. But it will not be necessary to exer. cise this privilege. The rights of plaintiffs in error will be protected from the influence of this opinion, by showing the diversity between the cases.
This opinion is founded, 1st. On the words of the cession, which transfer to the United States, "territory situate, lying, and being north-west of the River Ohio." The difference between the cases is striking. Georgia cedes to the United States all her territory lying west of a line to be drawn on and along the western bank of the Chattahoochee River. The territory ceded by Virginia is bound by the river; that yielded by Georgia, by a line drawn on the western bank of the river. The importance attached by.the court, to this diversity in the terms of the two cessions is manifest. In pronouncing the opinion in Handley's Lessee v. Anthony, the Chief Justice says, not casually, or incidentally, but deliberately, and of set purpose, and as a precaution indispensable to the inquiry, (in substance,) that in pursuing this inquiry, the court must recollecAt that it is the river, and nct the bank, which con-

DECEMBER TRUM-, 1851.

Howard et al. v. IngqrsolI.

stitutes the boundary. Now why this precaution, if this diversity in the terms, the boundary by the river or by the bank, would
make no difference as to the extent of the grant? The same distinction is recognized by Mr. Justice Story, in Thomas v.
Hatch, ante; by Chief Justice Parker, in Hatch v. Dwight, before cited; and again -by Mr. Justice Story, in Dunlap v. Stetson,
4 Mason, 349, 366.
There is then an essential difference between the boundary in this case, and that in H~ndley's Lessee v. Anthony, between a boundary by-a river, and on a bank.
2. The next grouid of the decision in that case, %~as the difficulty of drawing any other line, where a river is the boundary. Here the diversity which I have just remarked upon, is again recognized. The difficulty ig supposed to exist where a river, not where a bank is the boundary. To apply the decision in that case, to the one at bar, is to assume -the question in controversy here, and entirely to disregard the distinction so emphatically stated by the Chief Justice in that case.
But what is this difficulty? The rights of riparian proprietors on navigable rivers are limited to high-water mark. 3 Kent's Comm. 7th ed. 514. On non-navigable rivers to the thread of the stream.

Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of th court.

The point for decision in these cases is one of boundary, between the States of Georgia and Alabama. It is, what is the line
of Georgia on the western bank of the Chattahoochee River, from

the 31st deg. north latitude, "where the zame crosses the boundary-line between the United States and Spain; running thence up the said River Chattahoochee, and along the western bank
thereof, to the great bend thereof, next above the place where a certain creek or river called cUchee,' (being the first coisiderable stream on the western side, above the Cussetas and Coweta

towns,) empties into the said Chattahoochee River."
Its determination depends upon what weke the limits of Georgia and her ownership of the whole country within them, when that State, in compliance with the obligation imposed upon it

by the revolutionary war, conveyed to the United States her unsettled territory; and upon the terms used to define the bound-

aries of that cession. In the'case, from Alabama, "the court charged the jury, that
one passing from Georgia to Alabama, across the Chattahoochee

River, at ordinary low water, would be upon the bank as soon as he left the water on the western side, although an inappreci-

able distance from the water, and that the line described in the ireaty of cession from Georgia to the United States, as running

VOL. XIII.

34

aSUP REME- COURT.
Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.
up said river and along the western bank thereof, is the line im-
pressed upon the land by ordinary low -water; and if they believed the plaintiff's mill was west of that line, and the defendant's dam backed the water so as to obstruct the operation of the mill, the plaintiff was entitled to reccver."
In the case from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Georgia, the District Judge presiding, the jury was instructed "that by the true construction Qf these articles of cession, the boundary-line between the State of Georgia and Alabama was to be drawn on and along -thewestern bank of the Chattahoochee River, at low-water mark. when the river was at its lowest state."
All of us think that both of these instructions were erroneous, though there is a difference among us as to the construction given by the majority of the court to the article defining the boundary of Georgia upon the river, and the reasoning in support of it. These differences will be seen in the opinions which our brothers have said they meant to give in these cas6s.
We will now give our views of what were the limits of the State of Georgia when it ceded its unsettled territory west of the Chattahoochee River to the United States; that Sfate's then ownership of the whole of it, citing in support of our conclusions indisputable historical facts, and the legislation of Georgia, of South Carolina, and of the United States, upon the subject.
It is well known to all of us, when the colonies dissolved their connection with the mother country by the Declaration of Independence, that it was understood by all of them, that each did so, with the lirits which belonged to it as a colony. There was within the limits of several of them, a large extent of unsettled territory. Other States had little or none.
The latter contended, as all of them had united in a common declaration of independence, and in a common war to secure it, which no one colony could do for itself, that the unsettled lands within the former ought to become a common property among all of the States.
On the 6th of September, 1780, Congress recommended this subject to the consideration of the States, On the 10th of October after, it was resolved by Congress "that the unappropriated lands that may be ceded or relinquished to the United States by any State, should be disposed of for the common benefit of the United States; and be settled and formed into distinct repub-
lican States; which shall become members of the federal union and have the-same rights of sovereignty, freedom, and independence, as the other States." 3 Journals of Congress, 516, 535.
From these references we have the whole policy of Congress concerning those unsettled territories, so happily, since, consum-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

390

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

mated by the States and by Congress. It was not, however, achieved without some delays and objections from the States to which these lands belonged:- Some of the States, Maryland taking the lead, refused to sign the articles of confederation until after strong- assurances had been given that such cessions would be made. And when that State did so, it was with the declaration that she did not relinquish or intend to relinquish the right which she had with the other States to the "back country," as she termed the unsettled lands within the limits of some of the States.
Early in 1781, Virginia made such a relinquishment. New York quickly followed, and Massachusetts and Connecticut, always willing to make any sacrifice for the common cause, relinquished their unsettled lands after the war had been concluded.
The cause assigned by each of these four States for doing so, and the principles upon which these cessions were accepted by the United States, involved North and South Carolina and Georgia in the obligati~n to do The same. Though not done
for severalyears, it was never denied by either of these States. All of the States had been actuated by the same spiiit for in-
dependence. When the war had been happily concluded, all ofthem looked to the wild territory within the United States, as the first source from which revenue could be raised to pay the
war debt of t e Union. It then was $1A2,000,000. It would be difficult to say which class of its creditors had the
strongest claims upon thi justice and gratitude of the people of the United States. But all felt, and it was conceded by the other classes of creditors, that the soldiers who had patiently borne the privations of the field, and bravely met its hazards to secure the liberties of the country, ought to have their claims paid by portions of the public lands, with certain available secu-
rities from Congress for the residue.
From these references we learn that the States entered into the Union, with the understanding by all of them,-that each
had an undiminished sovereignty within its colonial limits. That there were within the limits of some of them unsettled lands
over which Congress had no legislative control. But that itwas early recognized by these States whilst the articles of confedera-
tion were in the course of ratification and immediately after. they were completed,.that their unsettled territories were to be transferred by them to the United States, to be disposed of for the common benefit, and to be formed into distinct republican States, with all the rights and sovereignty of the other States.
We have seen that relinquishments had been made by Vir-
ginia, New York, Massachusetts, and Connecticut. South Caro-
lina did the same in 1787, after the settlement of her territorial disputes with Georgia.

SUPREME COURT.
Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.
We rill now state what those disputes were, and how they
were adjusted, in order that the jurisdiction of the State of Georgia and that State's ownership of the whole territory ceded by it to the United States in 1802, may be fully understood, in connection with the principles or rules by which its western bound. ary upon the Chattahoochee River must be interpreted.
Georgia was originally a province, formed by royal prerogative, out of a portion of that territory which was within the chartered limits of South Carolina. It was a corporation under the title of " Trustees for establishing th3 Colony of Georgia in America, which was to continue for twenty-one years, with power in the trustees to form laws and regulations for its government, after.which all the rights of soil and jurisdiction were to vest in the crown."
It was described in the act of incorporation, "as all those lands, countries, and territories, situate, lying, and being in that part of South Carolina in America, which lies from the northern stream of a river, then commonly called the Savannah, all along the sea-coast to the southward under the most southern stream of a certain other great water or river, called the Alatamahd, and westward from the heads of the said rivers respectively in direct lines to the South Seas."
It may be well here to say, that the power of the king to alter, change, enlarge, or diminish the limits of his royal governments in America, cannot be denied. "Those governments were of two kinds, royal and proprietary. In the former, the right of t~le soil and jurisdiction remained in the crown, and their boundaries, though described in letters-patent, were subject to alteration at its pleasure; for as it possessed the right of soil and government, and delegated them to its governors during pleasure, it might dispose of them in what manner and to whom it thought fit, might alter, extend, or abridge them as its inclination or policy might declare. 'In proprietary governments the right of soil as well as jurisdiction was vested in the proprietors. These charters were in the nature of grants, and their limits being fixed by these charters, could not be altered but by their consent."
South Carolina, then, could not object either to the first charter given to Georgia, or to the subsequent extension of its boundaries by the king, though forming a part of what had been within the charter of that royal colony.
In 1763, Great Britain having then acquired, by treaty with Spain, - Florida,.Pensacola, and all that Spain had held in North America, east and south-east of the River Mississippi; all of that country between the Alatamaha and Florida, originally within the chartered limits of South Carolina, but which had

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

401

Howard et al. v. -Ingersoll.

always been disputable territory b*tween England and Spain, the then governor of South Carolina assumed to be at his disposal under his royal commission. Within the year 1763 he granted to many persons in Carolina large tracts of land, lying between the Alatamaha and St." Mary's Rivers His power to do so was objected to by Georgia, but her remonstrances were
not regarded. The slabject was brought to the notice of the Board of Trade. The governor's conduct was disapproved, declared to be unwarrantable, and orders were given that no charters or grants should be issued for lands on the south of the
Alatamaha River, which had been surveyed under warrants from South Carolina. But as surveys had been made under the governor's warrants, and grants issued by South Carolina for the
lands, before the orders of the Board of Trade were received, they were not formally recalled. These transactions, however, excited much attention at the time in England, from the representations which were made concerning them by Governor Wright; of Gebrgia. The ultimate consequence was, that the king, in January, 1764, extended the limits-of Georgia, including within them all that-couutry which had been within the chartered limits of South Carolina, and limiting the south boundary of that colony by the northern stream of Savannah River, as far as the head of the same. The language of the letters-patent, granted to Sir James Wright, is, tlhat the colony of Georgia shall be bounded on the north by the most northern stream of a river, then commonly called Savannah, as far as the head of the said river; and from thence westward as far as our territories extend; on the east by the sea-coast, from the said river Savannah, to the most southern stream of a certain other river, called St. Mlary's, including all islands within twenty leagues of the coast lying between the said Rivers Savannah and St. Mary's, as far as the head thereof; and from thence westward- as far as our
territories extend by the north boundary-line of our provinces of East and West Florida," which was " a line drawn from that part of the Mississippi which is intersected by latitude 31, due, east, to the Appalachicola." See the King's Pr6clamation and letters-patent to Sir James Wright, Wat. 744.
For twenty years after this extension of Georgia, its limits were not called in question by South Carolina, or perhaps, to speak more properly, they had not been a subject of inquiry by that State, though what they were, was well understood by the authorities of Georgia. Nothing had occurred between 1764 and 1776, from which any contest concerning them could arise,
and it was not until two years after the provisional treaty of peace between England and the United States was made, that South Carolina claimed any part of the unsettled territory of
24 *

SUPREME COURT.
Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.
Georgia, within the limits defined by the king's patent of January, 1764.
The provisional treaty of peace with the King of Great Britain was signed in November, 1782. In the 2d article will be found the boundaries of the United States. They are repeated in the definitive treaty concluded at Paris on the 3d September, 1783. In less than four months after the provisional treaty was made, Georgia declared, legislatively, that the southern boundary of the State Was a line drawn from the Mississippi in the latitude of 31 degrees, on a due east course to the River Chattahoochee, and in other respects according to the southern boundary of the United States, as that was settled by the provisional treaty -between the United States and Great Britain. The southern boundary of the United States is described, in the tre'aties with England, "as a line to be drawvn, due east, from the middle of the Mississippi River, in the latitude of 31 degrees north of the equator, to the middle of the River Appalachicola or Chattahoochee, thence along the middle thereof, to its junction with the Flint, thence straight to the head of the St. Mary's River, and thence down along that river to the Atlantic ocean." Compare this boundary with that in te commission to Governor Wright, for the Colony of Georgia, and they will be found identical. Indeed, unless the chartered limits of Georgia, as they are stated in that commission, had, been taken by the negotiators of the treaty with England as their guide, they would not have had any by which to run the southern line for the. United States from the lIisissippi to the Chattahoochee, and thence as it is described to the Atlantic Ocean.
The next action of Georgia, asserting its jurisdiction over its limits, will be found in the 13th sect. of the act of February, 1783, Wat. Dig. 264. It defines what those limits were. In February, 1785, Georgia passed another act for the establishment of a county to the west of the Chattahoochee, within a line to be drawn down the Mississippi from where it receives the Yazoo, till it intersects the 31st degree of north latitude, thence due east as far as the lands might be found to reach, which had at any time been relinquished by the Ir-dians, then along the line of relinquishment to the River Yazoo and down to its mouth, calling it the county of Bourbon
This last act, and the two which preceled it, attracted the notice of the authorities of South Carolina, and then that State, for the first time since 1764, denied that the limits of Georgia were as she had declared them- to be, and claimed for itself within them a large- extent of country.
South Carolina reasserted her claim upon the principle that her surveys had been made in 1763, between the Riveri Alatamaha

DECEMBER TERM, -1851.

403

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll. /

and St. Mary's, forgetting that her then governor haa been reproved and had apologized for authorizing them to-be made, and denied that the source of the Keowee River was the head of the Savannah River, and that the country between its source and the source of the Tugaloo River down to the mouth of the Keowee, where it empties into the Savannah, belonged to Georgia.
Neither State would yield, and the. border excitements, growing out of the differences, admonighd both that it would be best and safest for them to resort to that court which had been provided in the 9th article in the confederation for "the settlement of disputes then existing or that might arise between two or
more States concerning boundary, jurisdiction, or any other cause whatever."
South Carolina presented a petition for that purpose. '3eorgia was cited to appear, and did so. Congress then provided for
the appointment of judges, and at this point of the proceedings, Carolina withdrew her petition, it having become the conviction of both States, from information brought out by the controversy, that these differences could be amicably adjusted.
Carolina had contended that as the original boundaries of Georgia were the Rivers Savannah and Alatamaha, and lines drawn due west from their sources to the Mississippi; that all the land lying south of the Alatamaha, and a line drawn due west from its source to the Mississippi, as far as the northern boundary'of the Floridas, continued to be a part of the province of South Carolina, out of which Georgia was taken. And that when the British crown, by its proclamation of October, 1763, annexed to Georgia, all the lands lying between the Rivers Alatamaha and St. Mary's, it meant only the lands between those rivers below their sources, and not such as lay above those sources, and between lines drawn from them respectively west to the Mississippi; which tract of country, of course, even after the proclamation, still continued a part of South Carolina.
Georgia, on the contrary, maintained, that when the proclamation annexed to its government all the lands lying-between the Rivers Alatamaha and St. Mary's, it meant not merely the tract of country which lay between those rivers, below their sources, but also the whole territory held -bythe British crown, between the northern boundaries of Florida, as established by the same proclamation, and the ancient line of Georgia.
Carolina further claimed the laud lying between the North Carolina line and the line due west from the mouth of the Tdgaloo River to the Mississippi, because the River Savannah
loses that name at the confluence of the Tugaloo and Keowee Rivers, and consequently that spot was said to be the head of Savannah River. Georgia .contended that the source of the Keowee was the head of the Savannah River.

404

SUPREME COURT.

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

At this time, neither State had such original documents from
the archives of England as were sufficient to determine its right with certainty. But Georgia had secondary proof'of the letterspatent which were given by the king to Governor Wright, in
1764, though they had been taker -iway with him when he fled from the State during the revolutionary war. The original com-
mission and letters-patent were subsequently obtained from the records of the Board of Trade in England. They fully confirmed the correctness of the secondary proof upon which the State had acted. There was also at the same time disclosed from those records, in detail, all of the action of the Board of Trade-and of the king, concerning Governor Boone's surveys in 1763, of the land between the Alatamaha and St. Marys, with the disapprobation of all that he had done in that matter and the governor's apology for his conduct. Though done already, we will introduce into this connection the boundaries of Georgia in the letters-patent to Governor Wright, that the controvetsy between
Georgia and South Carolina, and its amicable termination, may be better understood.
Aftet South Carolina withdrew her petition from Congress, the said States entered into a convention for the settlement of the territorial differences between -them. It was concluded at Beaufort, in April, -L787. Carolina was represented by three of her most distinguished citizens of that day, and Georgia by three of hers, in whom the, State, had every confidence. It was ratified by both States, though -one of the three commissioners from
Georgia, Mr. Houston, was dissatisfied -vith, and would not sign it.
By this convention, it was agreed, "that the most northern branch or stream of the River Savannah, from the sea or mouth of such stream to the fork or confluence of the river now called Tugaloo and Keowee, and from thence the most northern branch or stream of the said River Tugaloo, till it intersects the northern -boundary line'of South Carolina, if the said branch or stream of Tugaloo extends so far north, reserving all the islands in the said River Tugaloo and Savannah to Georgia; but if the head spring or source of any branch or stream of the said River Tu-
galoo does not extend to the north boundary line of South Carolina, then a west line to the Mississippi to be drawn from the head-spring or source of the said branch or, stream of Tngaloo River, which extends to the highest northern latitude, shall forever hereafter form the separation limit and boundary between the States of South. Carolina and Georgia. 1 Art Convention, Wat. Dig. 754.
From this article, we see that South Carolina abandbned the ground taken in her petition, and only claimed territory in Geor-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

405

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

gia, in the event that a geographical fac6 should turn out differently from what the commissioners of Georgia said it was, and accordingly with what the commissioners of South Carolina supposed it to be. That was, whether or not the head spring or source of any branch or stream of Tugaloo extended to the north boundary line of South Carolina. If it did not, then from wherever the head spring or source of that river might be lower than this north boundary line, Carolina could claim from it by a line drawn west to the Mississippi, all the land which was between that line and the higher north line which Georgia had before declared to be the boundary of this State. But if the head spring or source of the Tugaloo did reach the north boundary-line of South Carolina, then that stream to its source was to be the boundary between the two States, to the west of which Carolina could not then claim any land. Georgia, on its part, by the same article, withdrew its claim to that part of South Carolina which is between the Keowee and Tugaloo Rivers, where the
most northern branch of the Tugaloo intersects the northern boundary-line of South Carolina.
South Carolina,, however, acting upon the opinion of its commissioners, that the head spring of the most northern branch of the Tugaloo did not intersect the northern boundary-line of that State, ceded to the United States, in three months after the convention with Georgia had been made, all the territory which it was supposed Carolina had got by it in Georgia.
The cession is as follows: "All the territoiy or tract of country included within the River Mississippi, and a line beginning
at that part of said river which is intersected by the southern boundary-line of the State of North Carolina, and continuing along the said boundary-line until it intersects the ridge or chain of mountains which divides the eastern from the western waters, then to be continued along the top of the said ridge of mountains until it intersects a line to be drawn due west from the head of the southern branch of Tugaloo River to the said mountains, and thence to run a due west course to the River Mississippi.
The United States accepted the cession, and until by actual exploration it had been ascertained that the head spring or branch of the Tugaloo River was north of the line of South Carolina, it was not known that the land actually transferred to
the United States by the South Carolina cession was only a tract of country about twelve miles wide from. north to south,, extending from the top of the main ridge of mountains which divides the eastern from the western waters, lying between latitude 050 N., the southern boundary of North -Carolina, and the northern boundary of Georgia, as settled by the convention be-

406

SUPREME COURT.

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

tween Georgia and South Carolina in 1787; and that by that convention it was established that South Carolina had no unset-
tled territory to the west of the top of that ridge. It was, however, a transfer of all the claim of South Carolina
to unsettled land. North Carolina afterwards ceded to the United States its western lands. Georgia was the only remaining State which had not done so.
The termination of her differences with South Carolina placed Georgia, as to its limits, accordingly with that State's declaration of them in 1783, or as they had been given by ihe king in
his commission to Governor Wright in 1764, and as they had been used by the United States for the treaties of peace with England, and afterwards in its negotiations with his Catholic
majesty from 1793 to 1795, which resulted in the treaty of that year with the latter.
It may as well be mentioned here, however, that in the course
of that negotiation, Spain contended that the boundary of West Florida was at the junction of the Yazoo with the lissis-
sippi, in latitude 320 39', running from that point east to the Chattahoochee River. The claim was founded upon certain proceedings of the king of Great Britain between the years 1763 and 1767, extending the northern boundary of West Florida from 310 north -o the mouth of the Yazoo, within two months after the commission had been given to Governor Wright, in which 310 north, or the north boundary-line of our provinces of East and West Florida "were declared to be the southern boundary of Georgia. These proceedings were an application to the king in 1764 by the Board of Trade for an extension of the boundaries of West Florida, and commissions given by the king in 1767 and 1770 to Governors Elliot and
Chester, by which they were made Captains-General and Governors of West Florida, bounded to the southward by the Gulf of Mexico, including all its lands within sb leagues of the coast,
from the River Appalachicola to Lake Pontchartrain; to the westward by the said lake, the Lake Maurepas, and the River Mississippi; to the northward by a line dreown due east from the mouth of the Yazoo River, where it unites with the Mississippi, due east to the Appalachicola." This pretension upon the part
of Spain was considered as altogether inadmissible by our negotiators, on the ground that the United States commissioners and those of the king of England, in making the treaties of 1782 and 1783,'had taken the boundaries of East and West
Florida as laid down in the proclamation of the king of Eng-
land dated the 7th October, 1763, as the true boundaries of those provinces when they were finally confirmed to Spain in
1783. And further, that Spain could not rightfully dispute it or

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

407

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

attempt to extend her boundary to the north of 31 degrees, because she had been substantially a party to all the negotiations which
resulted in a peace between herself and England and between England and the United States, with a full knowledge by the Spanish negotiators that the boundaries between England and
the United States had been fixed in the line of 31 deg. from the Mississippi to the Appalachicola or Chattahoochee. Spain con-
ceded it.
After the treaty had been made, however, it was suggested, as the treaties with England had been made with the United States, and not with the State of Georgia, that the former might
claim the territory between 31 deg. north and the -line from the Yazoo to the Chattahoochee, upon the ground that the king had extended Florida to the latter, or limited Georgia to that line after he had declared the southern line of Georgia was to be the
northern line of Florida. But the United States did not at any time assert such a claim. It could not well have been done upon principle after the United States had rejected those papers as giving any ground of claim to Spain and had insisted on the
negotiation upon the southern boundary of the United States as defined in the treaty of peace with England upon the ground that it had been from 1763 the boundary of Georgia. It may not be amiss, however, to notice as a historial fact, the dbjections which were made against the availableness of these docu-
ments for the extension of the boundary of Florida to the Yazoo when they were first produced. No patent could be found
from the king under the great seal of Great Britain for such a purpose. There was no record of such a grant in the Board of
Trade, nor in any other of the archives of England concerning her possessions in America. It could not be found in the archives of Florida. Without such a patent, or a proclamation in the nature of a patent for such a purpose, no colonial claim for territory was complete.
Such was and has been the uniform basis, of colonial limits; and it is somewhat remarkable that in no instance besides of
English colonial grant, is the king's patent wanting. In this instance the extension is vested exclusively upon two commis-
sions to two Governors of West Florida, one three years after the petition from the Board of Trade, to Governor Eliott in 1767,
and the other to Governor Chester in 1770. In the first there
is a recital of the boundaries of West Florida, when Governor Johnstone received his commission in 1763, followed by this declaration, that the king had recited, by letters-patent under the great seal of Great Britain, his grant of boundaries for Florida as to .its northern line of 31 deg. from the Mississippi to the Chatta-
hoochee and extended them to the Yazoo, by a line drawn from

SUPREME COURT.
Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.
it on the Mississippi to the Appalachicola. The same boundary was given in the commission to Governor Chester. There is no doubt that Governors Eliott and Chester permitted settlements and gave grants for land within 'the limits of these commissions from their dates unt*4 Florida became, in 1783, by a retrocession from England, again a part of the dominions of his Catholic majesty. From these circumstances, a patent from the king for the enlargement of Florida was 'presumed. -It was not unreasonable that it sbould be. But "t was not considered by the United States that its operation could set aside the previous grant to the colony of Georgia of the same territory, as the king, in his treaties with the United States, had recognized the line of the latter as the boundary of Florida, and that it had been accepted in that character by the United States as its southern boundary. In fact, admitting that the king's patent had been given, his treaty with the United States was a revocation of it, and Spain could not claim from its treaty with Biigland any right to the extension, that having been a'political act of the king of England for the benefit of his own subjects, when, by his proclamation of 1763, Florida, as it had been acquired
from Spain, was for the first time erected into the two distinct governments of East and West Florida.
It appears, from what has been said, that the limits of Georgia, after the settlement of her territorial disptte with South Carolina, were not questioned; in other Words, that they had been rightly asserted in the act of 1783, and that such portion of the State, afterwards designated as the Mississippi Territory, was within its acknowledged boundary. Georgia became then for the first time in a condition to transfer to the United States its unsettled territory. In less than a year after the last appeal from Congress to the State to do so, her delegates in Congress were authorized to make a cession of a part of it. The beginning of it was at the middle of the Chattahoochee, where it is intersected by the thirty-first degree of north latitude; thence due north one hundred and forty British statute miles; thence, due west to the middle of the River Mississippi; thence down the middle of the river where it intersects the thirty-first degree of north latitude; thence along the said deg~ee to the beginning. The quantity offered, and the conditions upon which it was to be ceded, were objected to by the United States. ' It was pardcularly uacceptable to Congress, because such a cession left a larger portion of unsettled territory within the State undisposed of, and interfered with the original obligation and intention of Congress to establish in the unsettled territories which might be relinquished bythe States to the United States, other States, to beeome a part of the Union upon an entire equality with the rest.

DECEMBER TERM, 1-851.

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

Congress refused to accept the cession tendered, at the same time offering to accept from Georgia all her territorial claims west of

the River Appalachicola, or west of a meridian line running

through or near the point where that river intersects the thirtyfirst degree of north latitude. Georgia, in turn, refused the pro.

posal of the United States, and thenceforward maintained her jurisdiction within her limits, until a cession was made of her unsettled territory to the United States in 1802. Ip 1789 an

act was passed by the State reserving to certain persons and

companies preemption rights to her lands. In 1795, by another

act, in which the territorial jurisdiction of the State was reasserted, Georgia granted and transferred, for valuable considerations, to several companies, all of her territory bordering west-

wardly on the Mississippi River, in distinct tracts. Among

others, a tract comprehending a part of what was subsequently declared by Congress to be the Mississippi Territory. The prices

for some of these alienations were paid into the treasury of the

State, and patents for them were issued by the governor. At

the next session, however, of the General Assembly the act of 1795 was declared to be void on account of the faild. bribery, and corruption by which it had been passed. , But the compa

nies to which Georgia had conveyed had sold part of the land

to innocent purchasers before the revoking act was passed.

They appealed to Congress to maintain tht-m in their rights, as well uj~ainst any futmu-ehim of Georga, as against any claim

that the United States might make to the land which had been

conveyed by Georgia. Unfavorable at first as these sales by Georgia were to a transfer of its unsettled territory to the United

States for the common benefit of all the States, they contributed

to that result afterward. The action of the State had involved it ift difficulties of a very uncertain termination in a legal point of

view. It had just been released from an unpleasant litigation, (American State Papers, Public Lands, Vol. I. p. 167.

Moultrie et al v. The State of Georgia, not reported,) growing

out of an act passed by the State in 1789, conveying lands be-

tween the Mississippi and Tombigbee Rivers to the Virginia, South Carolina, and Tennessee Yazoo Companies, by the 11th

amendment of the Cofistitution, by which the States were

declared not to be suable in the courts of the United States by

citizens of another State or by citizens or subjects of a foreign State. This, however, did not conclude the rights of the parties

in favor of the State to the lands which the State had contracted to convey to them. The right of the State, too, to large bo-

dies of land within the Yazoo and its southern boundary, was

doubtful on account of grants from Spain before it had ceded

Florida to England; from England, also, on account of such as

VOL. XIII.

35

410

SUPREME COURT.

Howard et al. p. Ingersoll.

had been made under the authority of the Governors of West Florida; and by Spain again after the retrocession of the territory to it by England in 1783. But the greatest difficulty in the way of the State continuing to hold its unsettled territory was that the Indian title had only been extinguished to about three millions of acres out of fifty millions. At one time the Indians were not inclined to sell; the State was not in a pecuniary condition to buy them out. The Indians were formidable
in tribes and numbers. Their habitations and their -'huntinggrounds covered the larger part of the State. Its white population was then small and too scattered for warlike concentration against Indian hostilities or their casual incursions into
the white settlements for 'plUnder. They were masters of ihe 'forest, and intervened all over the State between the white settlements, so that no one of them coulc, have intercourse or give aid to another without a license to pass through their hunting-grounds or at the risk of attempting it without permission. On the other hand, white men in numbers, no longer under the influences of social life, or caring nothing for its re-
straints, hovered constantly on the borders of the Indians, exasperating them by depredations and misleading them into all the excesses of a corrupt ciyilization, or into feuds with each other or forays against the whites. Each day was an 'anticipation of attack, and when the night came repose was only taken with thle rifle ready to repel it. In this condition of things, and without any efficient power in the State to make a cange, it became necessary for. the United States tc use its constitutional right to give relief. That was not so much a matter of choice as it was of obligation. Constitutionally they could alone regulate commerce with the Indian tribes. Constitutionally they had the power to make war; their obligation was to bear its expenses and defend the States against it in whatever way it
might happen; and constitutionally Congress was bound to guard against war, to prepare for and prevent, it from whatever
quarter it might be likely to come. The recent treaty, too, with Spain, bound that nation and the United States to restrain the* Indian tribes, in the territories of each, from war among them-
selves and from such as might lead to aggressions upon the territories of either nation. Added to such considerations, the people who had settled to the west of the Chattahoochee, between it and the Yazoo River, claimed from the United States the protection Which Georgia could not give, and they a ked for a'securer and more definite political organization than they had had
either under English or Spanish rule, or from Georgia legislation. . Nine years had gone by since the failure of the last attempt
to obtain it, without any thing having been substantially done

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.
Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.
by Georgia to transfer to the United States its unsettled territory, in compliance with the resolution of Congress of 1780. All the other States had done so. It was not likely, at the time,. that it would be done for some years yet. Under such circumstances, Congress, still thinking that the United States had, under the cession of South Carolina, a right to territory in Georgia, passed the act of the 7th April, 1798, for the armicable settlement of limits with the State of Georgia, and authorizing the establishment of a government in the Mississippi Territory. It was done with an express recognition of Georgia's right of soil and jurisdiction in the territory. Sec. 6 of the act. This, however, did not satisfy that State, and she rem6nstrated to Congress against it. But the political necessity under which Congress had been called upon to act soon became obvious to all, and to none more than to the people and the legislature of Georgia. It is not necessary to give an account of all that passed from that time to the transfer of the territory to the United States. Three of Georgia's most distinguished citizens were appointed commissioners to. negotiate with three others of national reputation upon the part of the United: States for a, cession, and happily that was done in 1802, which had been so long delayed;- thus consummating that great policy of ourearly national existence, from which so many States have been added to the Union.
From the account which has been given of the territorial claims of Georgia, and her legislation concerning them, with that of South Carolina denying them, and the final adjustment of the dispute between these States and that of the United States for the cession by Georgia of her ufsettled territory, we have learned that when Georgia did cede it to the United States, that she was then in possession, and had a right to all the land, subject to the Indian title, which that State had declared to be within her limits' except so much as there was between the Tugaloo and. Keowee Rivers, which Georgia had. ceded to. South Carolina by the convention of 1787. We furr ther learn, that the adjustment with South Carolina, left in Georgia the Chattahoochee River from its source to the 31st degreeof north latitude, as Georgia had claimed her limits to be, since-the king's patent to Sir James Wright, in 1764.
In other words, that the Chattahoochee, from its source to that point, was at all times after that patent within Georgia with the right of.soil and jurisdiction -when its unsettled territory was ceded to the United States. This fact being so, it gives us a key from the laws of nations to aid us in the interpretation of its cession as to the boundary between Georgia and Alabama, -which must prevail, as it would in all other cases,

412

SUPREME COURT.

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

where there may be a transfer by one natfon of a part of its territory to another, with a river for its boundary, without an express stipulation for the relinquishment of the rights of soil and jurisdiction over the bed of such river.
The rule jure gentiun, to which we refer, is not now for the first time under the consideration of this court. We are relieved, then, from its discussion, by citations from Vattel and other-writers upon the laws of nations, to show what it is; but it will be found in the 22d chapter of Vattel. Among the -writersafter him it is not controverted by any one of them. Besides, it is according to what had been anciently the practice of nations, substantiated by an adherence to it down to our own times. In Handley's Lessee v. Anthony, 5 Wheat. 379, this court said, by its organ, Chief Justice Marshall, "when a great river is the boundary between two nations or States, if the original property is in neither, and there-be no convention about it, each holds to the middle of the stream. But when, as in this case, one State is the original proprieto-, and grants teriitory on the one side only, it retains the river within its domain, and the newly-created State extends to the river only." The river, however, is its boundary.
Georgia was certainly the original proprietor of the River Chattahoodiee tO 21 degrees north, when her territory west of it was ceded to the Unitea States, and that cession must be understood to have been made under the rule, unless by terms in her grant to the United States it was taken out of it,with the view to give to the new State which was to be formed out of the cession, a coequality of soil and jurisdiction in the river which was to separate them. In the interpretation of the boundary which Georgia retained for itself upon the Chattahoochee, it must be kept in mind that the cession was made in contemplation of a new State to be formed with the Chattahoochee as a part of its boundary. National considerations then entered into the spirit
of the transfer with which its eminent negotiators on both sides were familiar.* If we disregard them now, and permit ourselves to view this question in the narrower limits of verbal definitions, and upon the principles upon which private rights were adjusted on rivers, between proprietors of land on either side of them, we should do so forgetting all the circumstances and objects for which the cession was made, the parties to it, and the new party that was to be brought out of it as an independent State.
But we will now examine the article in the cession for the
* The commissioners on the part of the United States were ir. Madison, Mr. Gallatin, and Mr. Lincoln. Those on the part of Georgia were James Jackson, Abraham Baldwin, and John Milledge.

DECEM1BER TERM, 1851.

413

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

boundary of Georgia upon the Chattahoochee, for we think its
terms are coincident with the principle of national law, under
which we have put this question. We give the article entire, intendifig, after it has been done, to
use it with direct reference to the cases in hand as to the question of boundary on the Chattalioochee River, between the States of Georgia and Alabama, as that que-tion was raised in
the courts below. " The State of Georgia cedes to the United States all the
right, title, and claim, which the said State has to the jurisdiction and soil of all the lands situated within the boundaries of the Unit-d States, south of the State of Tennessee, and west
of a line beginning on the western bank of the Chattahoochee River, where the same crosses the boundary-line between the United States and Spain, running thence, up the said River Chattahoechee and along the western bank thereof, to the great bend thereof, next above the place where a certain creek or river called Uchee, (being the first considerable stream
on the western side above the Cussetas and Coweta towns,) empties into the said Chattahoochee River; thence in a direct
line to Nicajack, on the Tennessee River; thence crossing the said last-mentioned river, and thence running up the said Tennessee River, and along the western bank thereof to the southern boundary-line of the State of Tennessee."
The plaintiff in error derives his title to the land which he claims from the State of Georgia, and his right to construct a darn across the Chattahoochee to the point where it terminates on the western bank under that title and the convention by which Georgia ceded her unsettled territory to the United States. He claims that his land runs across, from the eastern bank of the Chattahoochee to the bank on the western side. The defendant in error claims under a patent from the United States to himself to fractional section 11, township 7, range 30, and proved title to himself to lots 1, 2, 3, 4, in the town of Gerard, in Russel county, Alabama, specifically described, in some of said counts of his declaration, as land having for its eastern boundary the State of Georgia, and is immediately west of the Chattahoochee River, on the bank thereof.
In the first case, No. 121, it was ruled by the court below, that the line established by the articles of cession was the line impressed by ordinary low water. In the case from the Circuit Court of the UnL2d States for the District of Georgia, the
judge instructed the jury that the line was to be drawn on and along the western bank of the Chattahoochee River at lowwater mark, when the river was at its lowest state.
From the bill of exceptions, in the first case, it appears that
35*

SUPREME COURT.
Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.
"immediately at the plaintiff's lands and lots, the banks of the river are from fifteen to twenty feet high on both sides, abrupt above and bejlow for considerabli distances. The .high banks, however, do not extend down to the water's edge at ordinary low water. The bed of the river at this point is about two hundred yards wide from bank to bank-; by the bed is meant the space between these abrupt and high banks; and is composed of rocks and slues among the rocks from one side to the other. Ordinary low water and extreme low water together prevail for about two thirds of the year, during which time the river is confined to a channel about thirty yards wide, leaving the bed of the river as above described, exposed Dn each side of this channel from thirty to ixty yards. Immediately under the western abrupt and high bank, and within the latitude of the north and south boundary-line of plaintiff's land, those lines being drawn down to the water's edge, and in the bed of the river, as above described, east of the western abrupt and high bank, the plaintiff erected a mill previous to 1842, and continued jn the possession and use of it until overflowed by defendant's dam. The place on which the mill is, is covered with water in ordinary high water, but is bare and dry in ordinary low water."
"To supply his mill with water, the plaintiff had erected a cross-dam, which ran in a north-east direction into the river, and supplied his mill with water at all seasons, by diverting a portion of the stream to the mill, which passed again into the river above the defendant's dam; and the -plaintiff had blown out a rock to give room to his mill to work."
The evidence in the case, from the Circuit Court of Georgia, in respect to the situation of the plaintiff's mill and the description of the river, is substantially the same.
It appears from it, that the mill of the plaintiff, by his own showing, is in the bed of the river, to the east of the abrupt bank, by the prolongation of his north and south boundary-line from the bank, which he claims a right to prolong, from his being the owner of the land to the bank of the river, as a riparian fight.
Upon this evidence, the court in Alabama charged the jury, that one passing from Georgia to Alabama, across the Chattahoochee River at ordinary low water, would be upon the bank as soon as he left the water on the western side, although an inappreciable distance from the water, and that the line described in the treaty of cession from Georgia to the United States, as running .up said river, and along the western bank thereof, is the line impressed upon the land by ordinary low water; and, if-they believed plaintiff's mill was west of that

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

415.

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

line, and defendant's dam backed the water so as to obstruct the operation of the mill, the plaintiff was entitled to recover. The defendant in this case excepted to the charge, and asked the court to instruct the jury, if .the bank of the river was ordinary low-water mark, that the plaintiff had no right to the 'use of the water at that stage, which the court refused to give. In the case from the United States Circuit Court the defendants below -_plaintiffs in error here - prayed the court to instruct the jury, that the true interpretation of the article of cession requires the boundary-line between Georgia and Alabama to be drawn on and along the wdstern bank of the Chattahoochee River; and that, wherever the jury might find that bank to be, the jurisdiction and limits of Alabama must terminate, and cannot pass to the eastward of the same; but that all east of such line, Whether it be land or water, is included within the limits and jurisdiction of Georgia; and no grant, from the United States or the State of Alabama, cin confer title to any part of
the same, either directly or indirectly, by virtue of such grant, or as an incident' to the same. This prayer was refused; and the court instructed the jury, that the boundary-line between the States of Georgia and Alabama was to be drawn on and along the western bank of the river, at low-water mark, when the river was at its lowest stage. '
In our view, the words of the cession have the same meaning in law that they have in common parlance. They are not at all uncertain, if taken connectively, as to the locality intended for the western line of Georgia on the Chattahoochee. Separate the word bank from" on and along the bank," and consider it only in connnection with the other words,' running up tbe river, and it might be inferred that the water of the river, at'
some stage of it, was to be the boundary, and that those owning the land on either side were riparian proprietors, usque ad
filum aqua. But not so when they are considered together, as
we will presently show. When the commissioners used the words bank and river, they
did so in the popular -sense of both. When banks of rivers
were spoken of, th6se boundaries were meant which contain' their waters. at their highest flow, and in that condition they make what is called the bed of the river. They knew that rivers have banks, shores, water, and a bed, and that the outer line on the bed of a river, on either side of it, may be distinguished upon 6very stage of its water, high or low; at its
highest or lowest current. It neither takes in, overflowed land' beyond the bank, nor includes swamps or low grounds liable to
be overflowed, but reclaimable for meadows or agriculture, ox which, being too low for reclamation, though not always covered'

SUPREME COURT.
Howard et al. v. Iugersoll.
with water, may be used for cattle to range upon, as natural or uninclosed pasture. But it may include spots lower than the bluff or bank, whether there is or is not a growth upon them, not forming a part of that land which, whether low or high, we know to be upland or fast lowland, if such spots are within the bed of the river. Such a line may be found upon every river, from its source to its mouth. It requires no scientific exploration to find or mark it out. The eye traces it in going either up or down a river, in any stage of water. With such an understanding of what a river is, as a whole, from its parts, there is no difficulty in fixing the boundary-line in question. Wherever that outer bed-line shall be, from its beginning on the bank, at the 31st degree of north latitude, to the mouth of the Uchee, on the western side, is the western boundary of Georgia on the bank and along the bank running up the River Chattahoochee.
If the language of the article had been, " beginning on the western bank of the Chattahoochee, and running thence up the river," and no more had been said, the middle thread of the river ordinarily, and without any reference to the fact that Georgia was the proprietor of the river, it would have been said to be the dividing line between the two States. But there is added, "running up the said River Chattahoochee and along the western bank thereof." This last controls any uncertainty there may
be; for if the first call or object to locate the line is the bank of the river, it is plain that the western limit of Georgia on and along the bank of the river, must be where the bank and the water meet in its bed Within the natural channel or passage of the river. The words "alon g the bank," added to the words, "on the bank," distinguish this case from all of those in which courts have had the greatest difficulty where a line was to be fixed when it is on the bank without a call for the stream or along the river, or up or down the river. Angell, 19. Along the bank, is strong and definite enough to exclude the idea that any part of the river or its bed was not to be within the State of Georgia. It controls any legal implication of a contrary character. Such a line, too, satisfies the calls on and along the bank in the navigable and unnavigable parts of the river. In the former, Alabama has all the uses of the river, including the use of the western bank for navigation and commerce, which the State of Georgia can claim. In that part of the river not navigable, Georgia has both soil and juri diction for all such purposes as are implied by both, and the stream or water of the river for all such purposes as it may be used in any stage of the water.
Such a line may be made certain on every part of the river) whatever may be the changes on the western bank from wash-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

417

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

ings, the abrasions of extraordinary floods, or froni any of those
sudden causes which in nature change the beds of rivers. In such cases the proprietors would continue to hold according to the original boundaries of their grants. We repeat, "along the bank thereof," is the controlling call in the interpretation of the cession. It excludes the idea that a line was to be traced at the edge of the water as that may be at one or another time or at low water, or the lowest low water. Water is not a call in the
description of the boundary, though the river is, and that, as we have shown, does not mean water alone, but banks, shores,
water, and the bed of the river. If water, as one of the river's parts, had been meant, it would have been so expressed.
The call is for the bank, the fast land which confines the water of the river in its channel of bed in its whole width, that is to be the line. The bank or the slope from the blvff or perpendicular of the bank may not be reached by the water fobi two thirds of the year, still the water ]ine impressed upon the bank above
the slope is the line required by the commissioners, and -the shore of the river, though left dry for any time, and but occasionally covered by water in 'any stage of it to the bank, was retained by Georgia as the river up to that line.. Wherever it
may be found, it is a part of the State of Georgia, and not a part of Alabama. Both bank and bed are to be ascertained by
inspection, and tne line is where the action of the water has permanently marked itself upon the soil. Wherever that line may be, is to be determined in each trial at-law by the jury tipon proofs, the jury being instructed by the court-that the bed of the
river, wherever that may be, belongs to Georgia, whether it ex. tends at certain points to the face of the bank where, from -the perennial flow of the water therels no margin, or to other points
where there is. We must reject, altogether, the aftempt to trace. the line by
either ordinary low water or low water. These terms are only predicable of those parts of rivers within the ebb and flow of the tides, to distinguish the water line at spring or neap tides. Such a difference is uniform twice within every month of the year, and because it is so it is termed ordinary. In that part of a
river in which there is no ebb and flow, the changes in the current are irregular and occasional, without fixed quantity or time of recurrence, except as they are periodical with the wet and dry seasons of the year. And low water is the furthest receding point of ebb tide. Nor do we think that the interpretation of
this article, is aided by any cases upon the rights of riparian pro-
prietors. Such rights depend upon calls in grants for land either' from sovereignties having an equal right in the stream to the thread of the river, or from grants from a State having the en-

418 "

SUPREME COURT.

Hcward et al. v. Ingarsoll

tire ownership of a river. In this instance, two sovereignties
were dealing for a cession of country from one to the other, with -a river as a boundary between them to be marked on that bank of it from which the ceded land was to commence. No*, as between them, there were no antecedent calls upon the river to raise the question of riparian rights. But, on the contrary,
the river at the time formed a part of what was Georgia, and the commissioners negotiated upon the footing, that though the
United States had formed the Mississippi 'Rerritory, it was done with the disclaimer in terms, that it. in no-way whatever should affect either the rights of sovereignty or soil which- Georgia had in the territory. Moreover, we do not think that the commissioners could have contemplated that the State of Georgia and the United States were to have a divided or equal sovereignty
in the river, or that the United States was to retain any iight of soil in the same, when we find the commissioners in terms calling for the boundary-line between Spain and the United States in the middle of the Chattahooche, and then transferring the western line of Georgia to the western bank of it.
If the running water of the river had been intended to be the line, and that the United States and Georgia were to have an equal right of soil and sovereignty in the bed of the river, on Lhe western bank, why was it that the middle cf the river at latitude 31 degrees north, was abandoned for the western bank? The only answer which can be given is, that Georgia meant to retain the
river to the western bank, and that the United States conceded it. Again, the pxtension of the line from the middle of the
river at that point to the bank, necessarily excludes that the water of the river at any stage less than tat which covers the bed of it, was to be any guide for the line.
We think that the instructions given by the courts below were erroneous.
Our interpretation of the first article of the cession made by Georgia to, the United States, is that the western line of Georgia upon the Chattaboochee River, from its beginning in the 31st degree of north latitude to the grext bend thereof, next above the place where a certain creek or river called Uchee, (being the first considerable stream on the western side, above the Cussetas and Coweta towns,) mpties into the said Chattahoochee River, is a line to run up the river on. and along its
western bank, and that the jurisdiction of Georgia in the soil extends over to the line which is washed by the water, wherever it covers the bed of the river within its banks. The permanent fast land bank is referred toas governing the line. From the
lower edge of that bank, the bed of the river commences, avd Georgia retained the bed of the river from the lower edge of the

I DECEMBER TERM, 18bl.
Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.
bank on the west side. And where the bank is 'fairly marked' by the water, that water level will show at all places where the line is.
Mlr. Justice NELSON. This is a writ of error to the Supremb Court of the State of Alabama. Ingersoll, the plaintiff below, and defendant here, brought an action against Howard for setting back the water of the River Chattahoochee upon his lands and mill -by the erection of a dam across the said river, at the city of Columbus, in the State of Georgia, by reason whereof the operations of his mill were ob-" structed, and the use of his premises impaired. The defendant pleaded the general issue. On the trial, it appeared that the plaintiff was the owner of a lot of land held under a patent from the United States, situate on the west bank of the Chattahoochee River, in theState of Alabama, opposite the city of Colurhbus, and which let had for its eastern boundary the State of Georgia. This river has high bluff banks in some parts of it on both sides, in others, the banks are low, and the adjacent-lands subject to inundations in high water, extending for nearly a mile from the bank. At the plaintiff's land the banks are from fifteen to twenty feet ,high on both sides, and somewhat abrupt, and above and below for some distance. The abrupt and high banks, however, on the plaintiff's side of the river do not extend down to the water's edge at ordinary low water. Between the high bluff and the water at this stage, the distance varies from fifty to one hundred and fifty feet; and this intermediate space is flat bottom-land, gradually descending from the base of the bluff to the water, and upon which flat grow trees, such as pities, oaks, gums, poplars, &c. Upon this flat, the plaintiff's grist-mill is built, and a road made along under the bluff leading to it. There is, also, a saw-mill and cotton-gin 'factory standing upon it. And a small portion of the flat is at times put under cultivation. In the ordinary state of the river, in' the winter season, the water covers this 'flat about half way to the high bluff, extending to the base of a bank or ridge of sand ahd gravel; and, in freshets, the water covers the flats reaching to 'he bluff. It is only in a full state of the river, or freshets, that the water overflows the sand bank or ridge before mentioned. I have collected these facts from the two cases before us between these- parties, each of which involves the same general question. The plaintiff supplies his grist-mill with water by a wing dam extended obliquely into the river.

SUPREME COURT.
Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.
The defendant erected a dam across the iver some three hun-
dred yards below the plaintiff's mill, and opposite the city of Columbus. The dam is from four to five feet high; and at an ordinary stage of the river, the water is thrown back upon the plaintiff's mill so as to prevent its use. The defendant possesseA a grant of the bed of the river upon which his dam is erected, derived from the State of Georgia, and extending to -high-water mark on the western bank of the river.
The court charged the jury, that a person passing from the State of Georgia across the River Chattahoochee to the State of Alabama, at ordinary low water, would be upon the bank as soon as he left the water on the ,western side ; and, that the line described in the treaty of cession from Georgia to the United States, as running up said river, and along the western bank thereof, is the line impressed upon the land by ordinary low water, to which charge the defendant excepted.
The defendant asked the court to charge, that, if the bank of the river was ordinary low-water mark, the plaintiff had no right to the'use of the water at that stage, which was also refused. and an exception taken.
This case involves a question of much higher interest and importance than a. simple decision upon the rights of these parties, as the court see that the decision cannot be reached .without a determination of the boundary-line between two
sovereign States, for a distance of some or-e hundred and ifty miles. The facts in the record are few, being confined to a description of the localities respecting this boundary at the point in dispute, and the few that are disclosed, very imperfectly and confusedlystated. It is to be regretted that the court is obliged to pass upon a question of this magnitude under these embarrassments, and in the absence of any opportunity, on the part of the two States interested, to furnish the necessary topographical information in respect to the river Chattahoochee and its western banks for the whole distance within which they constitute the boundary between them.
This information would have been-useful to aid the court in a proper determination. of the question, and would naturally have been furnished, if the controversy had been between the States themselves.
The words of the cession of Georgia to the United States, in 1802, describing the boundiry-line in question, and which are inaterial to be noticed, are- as follows: -Georgia cedes the territory 4' west of a line- beginning on the western bank of the Chattahoochee River, running thence up the said River Chattahoochee, and along the western bank thereof and the great bend;" and the United States cede to Georgia all their rights

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

421

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

to the territory lying "east of the boundary-line herein described

as the eastern boundary of the territory ceded by Georgia to the

United States."

This is the description of a line that has become the boundary

between Georgia and Alabama, for a distance of one hundred

and fifty miles. Two constructions are contended for, arising out of the de-

sc Lption: On the part of Georgia, it is claimed, that her boun-

dary extends to high-water mark, on the western bank of the

Chattahoochee River for the whole length of this line. On the

part of Alabama, that it stops at ordinary low-water mark, on

the western bank of said river.

The difference is very material, as it will be seen, that upon

the former construction, Alabama can have a water or river

line for her boundary only during high water or a freshet, which

is but an occasional and temporary state of the river; and con-

sequently the owners of the land on the Alabama side, for the

greater portion of the year, and, for all practical use of the water

for agricultural or hydraulic purposes, would be deprived of a

river boundary. And this difference is the more striking when

we see, from the. evidence in the record, scanty and meagre as it

is, the stip of land between the high bank and the river, that is,

between high and ordinary low-water mark, would be from ten

to twenty and more rods in width, varying with'the character

of the bank, which would belong to Georgia, or to the owners

on the Georgia side of the river; and over which the jurisdic-

tion and government of Georgia would necessarily extend to the

exclusion of Alabama.

We have no evidence, in the record, as to the distance the tide

ebbs and flows up this river. It probably does not reach the

point where the boundary in question begins, which is at the

31st degree of north latitule. It is navigable for steamboats up

to Columbus, which is within some thirty or forty miles of its

termination as a boundary between the two States; and, as I

am informed, is navigable above the great bend, or west point,

for small craft, for some one hundred miles, though interrupted

by rocks and falls between that and Columbus.

Grants of land, bounded by the sea or, by navigable rivers,

where the tide ebbs and flows, extend to high-water mark, that

is, to the margin of the periodical. flow of the tide, unaffected by

extraordinary causes, and the shores below common high-water

mark belong to the State in which they are situated. But

grants of land bounded on rivers above tide-watei, or where the

tide does not ebb and flow, carry the grantee to the middle of

the river, anless there are expressions in the terms of the grant,

or something n the terns taken in connection with the situa-

"VOL.. ,i

36

422

SUPREME COURT.

Howard et al. v. Ingeroll.

tion and condition of the lands granted, that clearly indicate an intention to stop at the edge or margin of the river. There
must be a reservation or restriction, express or necessarily implied, which controls the operation of the general presumption, and makes the particular grant an exception.
These are familiar principles of universal application, govern. ing the- construction of grants of land bounded upon the sea or tide-water, or upon freshwater rivers, navigable or unnaviga-
ble, and Whether made by States or individuals, or in large or small tracts. And in applying them to the description of the
cession before us, we shall be enabled to. determine where the boundary-line in dispute should be drawn. The words are, "beginning on the western bank of the Chattahooehep River,"
"running thence up the said River Chattahoochee, and along the western bank thereof."
Where land adjoining a freshwater river, or above tide-water, is described as bounded .by 4 monument, whether natural or
, artificial, such as a tree or a stake standing on the bank, and a
course is given' as running from it up. or down the river to another monumeit standing upon the bank, these words neces-
sarily imply, as a'general rule; that the line is to follow the river, according to its meanderings and turnings, and the grantee
takes to the rmiddl of the river. Such is the uniform construc-
tion given t. this description where the common law prevails. It has been repeatedly applied to grants abutting on the River - Mississippi, the Missouri, the Hudson, the Connecticut, and other
great rivers in the United States, above tide-water. 3 Kent's Com. 27, 428,429, and notes; Angell on Watercourses, c. 1, ed. 1850.
Had the description in this case been limited to the first two calls in thegrant, it would have been impossible to have taken
it out of this rule of construction:; and the owners on the Alabama side would have been carried to the middle of the river. But the third call, which is, "'along the western bank thereof," limits the effect: and operation of the other' two, arkd excludes the b6d of the river. It inqicatn an intent to reserve the river
within the boundary and jurisdiction of Georgia, and to confine the grantee to the western edge or bank. And this raises the material and important question in the case, namely, where shall that line be drawn? On behalf of Gforgia, it is contended, it shall be drawn on the bank or bluff, as described in the record, at high-water mark; on -behalf of Alabama, at the bank or idge of sand and gravel, where the westeria Margin of the river is found at ordinary low-water m~rk.
Now, it is to be observed, that. the language of the cession, begitining on the western bank and running thence up the river and along the bank, does not necessarily, nor, as I think, reason-

DECEMBER TERM, .1851.

423

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

ably, call for a line along the bliff or high bank, such as confines, the body of water in. the river at high water, or when swollen with floods. The bank inclosing the flow of water, when at its ordinary and usual stage, is equally within the description; and the limit within this bank, on each side, is more emphatically the bed of the river, than that embraced within the more elevated banks when the river is at flood. These are more or less distant from the ordinary channel, depending upon the character of the river and topography of the adjacent lands. There are usually in rivers of this description banks representing the point which is reached at high water. and which bound
it at that stage of the river. They may be, and not unfrequently are, at a considerable distance from the accustomed bed and
the banks which then bound it, The flats intermediate may comprise the most valuable portion of farmsbowided~upon the river and extending back to the uplands, notwithstandinlg they may be inundated by the spring and fall freshets. The valleys of the Mohawk, and Hudson, and Connecticut Rivers, may be
referred to as illustrations, and also the Susquehannah, both in New York and Pennsylvania. Some 6f the finest alluvial b6ttom land in New York is found i'i the valley of 'the Mohawk, between the banks of the river at its usual stage and the banks at high water, which is the beginning of the uplands. If these alluvial bottoms are found in the valley of the Chattahooche, and for aught I know they may be, according to the boundaryline contended for by the plaintiff in error, the.settlements'within the State of Georgia would not be bounded by the river;. as most valuable possessions for sites of towng, and for hydraulic and even agricultural purposes, might be foiund lying along its western margin.
I cannot think that it is necessary to occupy more time in attempting to refute the claim to this boundary-line according to the terms used in the cession by Georgia.
Then, if we leave the bank at what is called- high-water mark, as not given by any reasonable interpretation of the grant, on
what principle or rule of construction is an Intermediate line to be drawn short of the ordinary and permanent bed of the river.
It would be, a boundary wholly undefinahle, and designated neither by high water nor low water, nor by the usual stage, but left to vibrate between what is called high water and the accus-
tomed bed of the river.
The term high water, when applied to the. sea, or to a river where the tide ebbs and flows, has a definite meaning. The line is marked by the periodical flow of the tide, excluding the
advance of waters above this line in the one case by winds and storms, and in the other by freshets -r floods.

424

SUPRtER COUVRT.

Howard et al. v. Ingessll.

But in respect to freshwater rivers, the term is altogether indeflnitei and the line marked uncertain. It has no fixed meaning in the sense of high-water mark when applied to a river
where the tide ebbs and flows, and should never be adopted as a boundary in the case of freshwater rivers, by intendment or construction, whether between States or individuals. It may
mean -any stage of the -water above its ordinary height, and the line Will fluctuate with every varying freshet or flood that may happen.
Ili our judgment, the true boundary-linb intended by Georgia and the United States, and the one fairly deducible from the language of the cession, is the line marked by the permanent bed of the river by the flow of the water at its usual arid accustomed stage, and where the water will be found at all times in the season except when diminished by drought or swollen by freshets. This line will be found marked along its borders by the almost constant presence and abrasion of the waters against
the- bank. It is always manifest to the eye of any observer upon a river, and is marked in a way not to be mistaken. The junction of bank and water.at this stage of the river satisfies the words of the cession, and furnishes a line as fixed and certain as is practicable; and is just and reasonable to all the par-
ties concerned. It excludes the high bluffi or bankswhich the rier touches but occasionally) when swollen with freshets or
floods; and also 'an intermediate'line, which can be neither marked nor described; and adopts a boundary along the bank and margin of the river of some- permanency, and which parties providing for a river boundary between them would naturally have in their minds. That they intended a river boundary in this treaty of cessiol. I cannot doubt. That Georgia intended to reserve to h6rself the bed of the -river is equally clear. The line which I have desigiiated satisfies both intentions, and, in my humble judgment, no other boundary-line will.
There are some general consid6rations bearing upop the question which should not be overlooked.
This court observed, in the case of Handley's Lessee v. Anthony, (5 Wh. 374, 379,) through the Chief Justice, that "when a great river is the boundary between two nations or states, if the original property is in neither" apd there be no convention respecting'. it, each holds to the middle of the stream. But when, as in this case, one State is the original proprietor, and grants the territory on one side only, it retains the river within its own domain, and the newly-created State extends to the river only. The river, however, is the boundary" "In case of doubt," says Vattel, "every country lying upon a river is presumed to have no other limits but the river; because nothing

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

425

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

is more natural than to take a river for a boundary when a state is established on its borders; and wherever there is doubt, that is always to be presumed which is most natural and probable."
Again the court say, "Even when a State retains its dominion over a river which constitutes the boundary between itself and another State, it would be extremely inconvenient to extend its dominion over the land on the other side which was left bare by the receding of the water. Wherever the river is a boundary b tween States, it is the main, the permanent river which constitutes that boundary; and the mind will find itself embarrassed with insurmountable difficulty in attempting to draw any other line than the low-water mark."
These views are sound and just, and the mind at once assents to them. And they apply directly and with great cogency to the question before us.
Let us now return to the case immediately under consideration. The court instructed the jury that the boundary-line described in the treaty of cession from Georgia to the United States, as running up the said river and along the banks thereof, was, the line impressed upon the land by ordinary low water. I am not certain but that the line here designated, or rather intended to be designated, is the same that we have attempted to define in this opinion. " Ordinary low water," however, like "1low water," is a relative term, and, in the abstract and without practicable application, has no definite meaning, and furnishes no satisfactory guide by which to ascertain or determine the line in question. I freely admit, that if the terms of the cession would justify the interpretation given to that of the territory north-west of the Ohio, I should greatly prefer the line adopted in Handley's Lessee v. Anthony, which was low-water mark.
But the call here for the bank seems necessarily to connect tbha,t with the river in defining the boundary,, and restricts it somewhat to a greater extent than in the description of the line in the case mentioned.
As the general question involved is one of very great importance, and the ruling not necessarily conveying the instruction
I think should have been given, I agree that a new trial should be granted.
The defendant requested the court to instruct the jury that, if the bank of the river was ordinary low-water mark, the plain-
tiff had no right to use the water at that stage, which was
refused. This instruction, we suppose, was asked for on the ground
that, admitting the boundary-line to be fixed at ordinary lowwater mark, inasmuch as the bed of the river within that limit
36*

SUPREME COURT.
Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.
belonged to Georgia, and the defendant's grant, derived from that State, atithorized the erection of his darn to the height claimed, he had a right to set back the water up the bed within the aforesaid limit; and the complaint, therefore, that the backwater interfered with the supply of water to the plaintiff'' mill, by obstructing the natural current of the river, was unfounded, as the defendant had a right,-to this extent, to obstruct it. If this was the meaning of the instruction prayed for, there was error in the refusal.
Undoubtedly the plaintiff has no right, under his grant from the United States, to erect a dam in the bed of the river 'ithin the boundary-line of Georgia, for the purpose of supplying his mill with water. But I am not prepared to admit, that he can.not supply it by diverting the water upon his own land, without ,crossing the boundary-line, as by sinking a trench or ditch, if by so doing he works no injury to the rights of others. Every proprietor of land on the banks of a river has naturally an equal right to the use of the water which flows in the stream adjacent to his lands. No proprietor has a right to use the water to the prejudice of other proprietors, above or below, unless he has acquired a prior right to divert it. He has no property in the water itself, but a simple usufruct while it passes along. Any ore may reasonably use -it who has a right of access to it; but no one can set up a claim to an exclusive right to the flow of all the water in its natural state; and that what he may not wish to use himself shall flow on till lost in the ocean.
Streams of water are intended for the use and comfort of man; and it would be unreasonable, and contrary to the universal sense of mankind, to debar a riparian proprietor from the -application of the water to domestic, agricultural, and manufacturing purposes, provided the use works no substantial injury to others.
These principles will be found stated more at large by Chancellor Kent, in his Commentaries, (3 Kent's Com. 439, 440, 441) ; and also by Parke, J., in a very recent case in the Court of Exchequer in England, (Embry and another v. Owen, 4 Eng. Law -and Eq. R. 466, 476, 477.)
Mr. Justice GRIER. I concur with my brother Nelson.
Mr. Justice CURTIS. In these cases I concur with the majority of the court in the opinion that each of the judgments should be reversed, but I withheld my assent from much of the reasoning contained in the opinion. I do so, because I am not entirely satisfied of its

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

427

Howard et al. v. Ingersoll.

correctness, as I apprehend its extent and bearings; and because the cases involve a question of boundary between the States of Georgia and Alabama, and highly important riparian and other rights connected therewith, or dependent thereon, in' reference to which I desire to stand committed to no opinion, and to no course of reasoning, beyond what seems to me absolutely necessary for a final decision upon the private rights now
before us.
This obliges me to state my own views of whiat I deem necessary to be decided, and the conclusions at which I have arrived. I shall do so very briefly, and without entering into an examination of the principles and authorities which have brought my mind to those conclusions.
ly opinion is: -1. That the calls contained in the act of cession, place the western line of Georgia on the western bank
of the Chattahoochee River, at the place in question in these
cases.
2. That the act of cession is silent as to the particular part' of the bank on which the line is to be run.' But inasmuch as it must be run on some particular part of the bank, we are obliged to resort to the presumed intentions of the commissioners and the parties, inferable from the nature of the line, as a line of boundary of political jurisdiction as well as of praprietorship, and, according to that presumed intention, we must declare it to be on that part of the bank which will best promote the convenience and advantage of both parties and most fully accomplish the apparent and leading purpose to establish a natural boundary.
3. That the banks of a river are those elevations of land which confine the waters when they rise out of the bed; and the bed is that soil so usually covered by water as to be distinguishable from thd banks, by the character of the soil, or vegetation, or both, produced by the common presence and action of flowing water. But neither the line of ordinary high-water mark, nor of ordinary low-
water mark, nor of a middle stage of water, can be assumed as the line dividing the bed from the banks. This line is to be found by examining the bed and banks, and ascertaining where
the presence and action of water are so common and usual, and so long continued in all ordinary years, as to mark upon the soil of the bed a character distinct from that of the banks, in respect to vegetation, as well as in respect to the nature of the soil itself. Whether this line between the bed and the banks will be found above or below, or at a middle stage of water, must depend upon the character of the stream. The height of a stream, during much the larger part of the year, may be above
or below a middle point between its highest and least flow.

428

SUPREME COURT.

Howard et al. v. Inger3oll.

Something~must depend also upon the rapidity of the stream and other circumstances. But in all cases the bed of a river is a natural object, and is to be sought for, not merely by the application of any abstract rules, but as other natural objects are sought for and found, by the distinctive appearances they present; the banks being fast land, on which vegetation, appropriate to such land in the particular locality, grows wherever the bank is not too steep to permit such growth, and the bed being soil of a different character and having no vegetation, or only such as exists when commonly submerged in water.
4. Taking along with us these views respecting the bed and banks of a river, it will be obvious that the lowest line of the bank, being the line which separates the bank from the bed, is a natural line, capable of being found in all parts of the river, impressed on the soil; and this is true of no other line on the bank; for though in some places the banks of a river may have so marked a character, that there would be no difficulty in tracing the upper line of the bank, and pronouncing, with certainty,, that the bank'there terminates, yet it is not to be supposed that this would be true throughout the course of a long river, and one of these cases finds, that in some places the banks of this river are low, and the adjacent lands on either side subject to occasional inundation. In such places it would be impracticable to fix on a precise line as the upper termination of the bdnk. Now, it is clear, that inasmuch as this line of the act of cession was to be a line of boundary of political jurisdiction, it ,must have been deemed by the commissioners when they fixed it, and by the parties when they assented to it, of great importance, to have a natural boundary, capable, not only of
being ascertained upon inquiring, but of being seen and recognized in the comm9n practical affairs of life. And, therefore, I am of opinion, that as the calls for this line do not expressly require it to be on any particular part of the bank, it should be located on.the bank where the leading purpose, to have a natural boundary between the t.wo jurisdictions,, will be most effectually attained. The convenience and advantage of both parties require this. The line, therefore, is at the lowest edge of the bank, being the same natural line wvhich divides the bank from the bed of the river.
The above brief statement of my views, while it exhibits all to which I have given my assent in these cases, will show why I concur in the opinion that the rulings, brought before us by these writs of error, were erroneous.
Order in No. 121.
This cause. came on to be heard on the transcript of the re-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

429

Norris v. Crocker et al.

cord from the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama, and was'argued by counsel On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Supreme Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the 'aid Supreme Court to be proceeded with in conformity.to the opinion of this court, and as to law and justice may appertain.

Order in No. 131.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Georgia, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to award a venirefaciasde novo, and to proceed therewith, in conformity to the opinion of this court.

TonN NoRRIs, PLAINTIFF, V. EDWIN B. CROCKER AND ELISRA EGBEIT.
The fourth section of the act of Congress, approved on the 12th day of February, 1793, (1 Stat. at Large, 302,) entitled "An act respecting fugitives escaping from justice, and persons escaping from the service of their masters," is repealed, so far as relates to the penalty, by the act of Congress approved September 18th, 1850, (9 Stat. at Large, 462,) entitled "An act to amend, and supplementary to, the ab6ve actu"
Therefore, where an action for the recovery of the penalty prescribed in the act of 1793 was pending at the time of the repeal, sucb repeal is a bar to the action.
Tins case came up from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Indiana, upon a certificate of division in opinion between the judges thereof.
The following certificate explains the question:
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
District of Indiana.
At a Circuit Court of the United States, begun and holden at Indianapolis, for the District of Indiana, on Monday, the nineteenth day of May, in the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and continued from day to day until Friday, the thirtieth day of May, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

DE-CEMBER TERM, 1851.

115

Mitchell v. Harmony. I

tial injury, repairing,,and detention of the injured boat occur. Contests before the courts have been numerous where the precise question of compensation here claimed was involved, and yet in an experience of twenty-five years, I have never known it raised until now. The bar, the bench, and those engaged in navigation, have acquiesced in the rule, that full damages for the injury at the time and place when it occurred, -with legal interest on the amount, was the proper measure; nor do I think it
should be disturbed; and that therefore the judgment of the Cir-
ciiit Court should be reversed, because the jury were improperly
instructed, in this particular.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States, for the District of Ohio, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is- now here ordered, and adjudged, by this . court, that the judgment of said Circuit Court,. in this cause, be, and the same is hereby affirmed with costs, and damages at the rate of six per centum, per annum.

DAVID D. MITCHELL, PLAINTIPF IN ERROR, V. MANUEL X. 1IAR-
]MONY.
In some of the States it is the practice for the court to express its opinion upon facts, in a charge to the jury. In these States, it is not improper for the Circuit Court of the United States to follow the same practice.
During the war between the United States and Mexico, where a trader went into the adjoining Mexican provinces which were in possession of the military authorities of thLe United States. for the purpose of carrying on a trade with the inhabitants which was sanctioned by the executive branch of the government, and also by the commanding military officer, it was improper for an officer of the United States to seize the property upon the ground of trading with the enemy.
Private property may be taken by a military commander to prevent it from falling into the hands of the enemy, or for the purpose of converting it to the use of the publie; bat the danger must be immediate and impending, or the necessity urgent for the-public service, such as will not admit of delay, and where the action of the civil authority would be too late in providing the means which the occasion calls for.
'The facts as they appeared to the officer must furnish the rule for the application of these Principles.
But the officer cannot take possession of private property for the purpose of insuring the success of a distant expedition upon which he is about to march.
Whether or not the owner of the goods resumed the possession of them at eny time after their seizure, was a fact for the jury. In this case, they found that he 'lid not resume the possession and in this they were sustained by legal evidence.
The officer who made the seizure cannot justify his trespass by showing the orders of his superior officer. An order to commit a trespass can afford no justification to the person by whom it was executed.
The trespass was committea out of the limits of the United States. But an actionfor it may be maintained in the Circuit Court for any district in which the defendant may be found upon process against him, where theeitizenship of the respective parties gives jurisdiction to a court of he United States.

116

SUPREME COURT.

Mitchell v. Harmony.

Under the 18th rnle of this court, the mode of calculating interest, when a judgment
of the Circuit Court is affirmed, is to compute it at tile rate of six per cent. per annum, from the day when judgmefit was signed in the Circuit Court until paid. (See report of the clerk and order of court at the end of this case.)

THIS case was brought up, by a wit of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of
New York. Mitchell was an officer of the army, and was sued in an action
of trespass by Harmony for seizing his property in the Mexican State of Chihualma.
By an act passed on the 3d March, 1845, (5 Stat. at Large, 750) Congress allowed a drawback on foreign merchandise exported in the original packages to Chihuahua and Santa F6, in Mexico.
Harmony was a trader engaged in this business, and on the 27th of May, 1846, had transported to Independence, in Missouri, a large amount of goods imporled under this law, and in conformity
with the regulations of the Treasury Department. On the 27th of May he left Independence, with several other traders, before the passage of the act of Congress of 13th May, recognizing the ex-
istence of war with Mexico, was known there, The whole history of Colonel Doniphan's expedition was
given in the recoid, being collected from official documents and
the depositions of persons who were present. A brief narrative is given in the opinion of the court of all the facts which bore upon
the present case. The declaration was in the usual form and contained three
counts, all of them charging the Same trespass, namely, that the, defendant, on the 10th of February, 1847, at Chihuahua, in the Republic of Mexico, seized, took, drove, and carried away, and
converted to his own use, the horse*, mules, wagons, goods, chattels, and merchandise, &c., of the plaintlff, and compelled the workmen and servants of the plaintiff having charge, to abandon his service and devote themselves to the defendant's service. The property so alleged to have been taken is averred to be of the value of $90,000, and the damages, $100,000. .
Besides the general plea of not guilty to the whole action, the defendant, Mitchell, pleaded several special pleas.
rst. That war existed at the time between the United States and Mexico; that he was a lieutenant-colonel, &c., forming .a part of the military force of the United States, employed in that
war, and under the command of Colonel A.- W. Doniphan, and
he justifies the taking, &c., under and in virtue of the order, to that effect, .of- his superior and commanding officer, Colonel Doniphan; that'the order was a lawful one, which he was bound to obey, and that he was no otherwise instrumental in the al-
leged trespass.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

117 .

M itahell v. Harmony.

2d. Alleging the same preliminary matter, avers that the plaintiff, Harmony, was a citizen of the United States, and, with a full knowledge of the war, had gone with his wagons, merchandise, &c., into Mexico with design to trade with the people of Mexico, and to afford aid to the same in said war; that said Doniphan, as he had a right to do, commanded the defendant to seize, take, &c., the said wagons, &c., and that he did, in obedience to said order take, &c., doing nothing more than was necessary to the execution of that order.
"3d. With the same preliminary matter as in the second plea, justifies the taking by his own (Colonel Mitchell's) authority as an officer.
The three special pleas above stated are to the first count of the declaration.
To the second count the defendant pleaded of like effect with the above; and three like pleas were plead to the third count.
To the three first and three last pleas, that is, the pleas to the
first and third counts, issues were joined to the country. To the special pleas to the second count, the plaintiff Yeplied
as follows, to wit: - To the first, that the said Doniphan did not command the said horses, wagons, &c., to be stopped, taken, &c., nor were the same taken in contemplation of any proceeding hi due course of law for any alleged forfeiture thereof, but to apply the same to the use of the United States without compensation to the plaintiff, of which-the defendant had notice.
To the second, that the plaintiff did not carry his goods, &c., out of the United States, for any purpose of trading with the enemy, or elsewhere than in places subdued by the arms of the United States, and by license and permission; and that said
Doniphan did not command the defendant to take the same for or on account of any supposed unlawful design of the plaintiff to trade with the enemy, &c., but to apply the same to the use of the United States, without compensation to the plaintiff.
To the third, that he did not, after notice of the war, carry his goods into Mexico, "except to and into such place and places as had been, and was, or were captured, subdued, and held in subjection by the forces of the United States," &c., and by the permission of the coinmanding.officer of said forces; nor with
design to carry on any friendly intercourse or trade with the citizen of Mexico hostile to the United States; and that the de-
fendant did not, in the performance of his duty as lieutenantcolonel, seize, take, &c., said property, by reason of any supposed ufflawful design of the plaintiff to trade with the enemy, &c. but the same was taken by the defendant of his own
wrong, &c.

118

SUPREME COUR.T.

Mitchell v. Harmony.

On all these pleas and replications, issues were joined to the country.
When the testimony was-closed, the judge charged the jury. The whole of the charge is set forth in the dissenting opinion of ir. Justice Daniel, and therefore need not be recited here. The bill of exceptions brought the whole charge up to this court. The jury*found a verdict for the plaintiff for $90,806.44 ; for which and the costs, amounting to 5,048.94, the caurt gave judgment for Harmony.

The cause was argued in this court by Mr. Crittenden, (At-
torney-General,) for the plaintiff in error, and Mr. Cutting and Mr. Vinton for the defendant in error. Mr. Moore also filed a
printed brief.

31. Crittenden,for the plaintiff in error, contended that 'he charge was incorrect throughout, and founded upon misconcep-
tion of the facts and the law, and that the judgment ought
therefore to be reversed. The principal points, as. stated in -the charge, and decided by
the judge, are as follows :1st. " One ground on which the defen& is placed, is, that the
plaintiff was engaged in an unlawful trade with the enemy, and that, being engaged in an unlawful trade, his goods were liable to confiscation, and any person, particularly an officer of the army, could seize the same."
After thus stating the point, the judge tells the jury, "this
ground has, as I understand the evidence, altogether failed." The true point of the defence is here misconceived and mis-
stated. It is not that the plaintiff was Ieigaged in unlawful trade with the public. enemy," but that he had the " desin," to
engage in such trade, and thereby afford aid to the enemy, and that this authorized the means of prevention used by defendant.
The pleadings show that the issue is expressly made on the "design," and not on any actual unlawful trade. The mind of the jury was thus misled from the true issue by the judge's misapprehension. If he had observed that the true issue and point of defence rested on the "design" of the plaintiff, could he have said that Harmony's repeated solicitations and manifest wishes to precede the army, and finally his secret preparations, attempted to be concealed by falsehood, to separate himself from that army in the midst of the enemy's country, were no evi.dence of a "design" to trade with that enemy, under the pro-
tection of his Spanish passport ?- Or could he have said that such a "design" would not, in point of law, have justified the seizure of his wagons, goods, &c., and their detention, till the

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

119

Mitchell v. Harmony.

danger was passed? I believe that the learned and honorable
judge would have answered both these questions in the negative.
The unlawfulness of trade with the enemy, and the right, under circumstances like those of the present case, to detain goods, designed for the enemy, and which might be "useful" to him, are doctrines supposed to be established by authority and reasGorno.tiu2s, W boiolkdm8,anc'hs. 1I,n. tpeprn. a1t-io1n1a,l anLdawp,ar8t;icu1larKlyenpt.'s6. Cor. 66;

The charge of the judge, therefore, on this first point, was inapplicable to the defence specifically made by plea, and, to say-
the least, was misleading.
2dly. The judge tells the jury: " Another ground taken by the defendant, and relied upon, depends upon another principle
of public law, viz., the taking possession of the goods at a time and place when it was necessary for the purpose of preventing
them from falling into the hands of the enemy." If this is understood to imply that, to justify the taking of
goods only where it is certain that they will otherwise fall into
the hands of the enemy, then it seems to me that the principle of law is too strictly laid down. The principle, if there be use or reason in it, must extend to cases wherever a reasonable apprehension may be entertained that goods may fall into the enemy's hands.
But take the law to be as stated by the judge. He proceeds to say : " Taking the whole of.he evidence together, and giving full effect to every part of it, we think this branch of the defence
has also failed. No case of peril or danger has been proved which would lay a foundation for taking possession of the goods of the plaintiff," &c.
He adds, "the peril must be immediate and urgent," &c.; "in this case there was no immediate or impending danger'.' &c.
With respect, I must say that this part of the charge is not a comment on the evidence, it is a peremptory decision, a positive conclusion of facts from the evidence, which ought to have been left to the jury; and the law and the fact are so blended that no jury could well distinguish the one from the other
The judge tells the jury that no "immediate and urgent peril" was proved in this case. It seems to me that the depo. sitions of Doniphan and Clark, before referred to, do prove such a peril, in the strongest manner, and'in the most eminent degree; and that tne judge, mistaking the evidence, misled the
jury as to the fact. The charge is furthermore erroneous in requiring that the
peril should .be "immediate," "impending," "urgent." The principle of public. law which the judge lays down does not re-

120

SUPREME COURT

Mlitchell v. Harmony.

quire it. But the radical error is, that the charge throws the burden upon the defendant of proving in court all the circum. stances that conduce to make up the required peril, and that it makes the court or jury, judges of- those circumstances, as of a res integra, without.allowing any effect to the decision of the
defendant, or his commander, by whose authority the goods of the plaintiff are alleged to have been received.
The law made it the business of the commander to decide, in the'first instance, whether the peril we.s such, and the condi. tion of his army and of the enemy such, Es required their seizure
and detention, and his decision inust be entitled to some respect. Unless the integrity of his judgment can be impeached, that deeision stands as proof and protection for him, against any suit or legal proceeding against him. He, no more than a judge on the bench, can be sued for a mere mistake.of judgment, if mistake he has made. This is as true in respect to military, as it is m respect to civil officers, and as true in respect to the exer-
cise. of military, as of civil authority. Crowell et al v. McFadon, 8 Cranch, 94; 9 Cranch, 355; Martin v. Mott, 12 Wheat. 19-33; 9 Peters, 134; Willies v. Dinsman, 7 How. 128, 129; Luther v. Borden; Id. 45, et scq.
These authorities fully, I think, establish the doctrine for which I contend, and the incorrectness of the instructions given to the jury in this respect.
3dly. The next and third point of the charge is this: "The next ground of defence, and which constitutes the principal question in the case, and upon which it must probably ulti-
mately turn, is the taking of the goods by the public authorities for public use."
In respect to this the judge admits the "right of a military officer, in a case of extreme necessity-of .the government of the army, to take private property for the public service." But
then the judge lfrther tells the jury, "in my judgment, all the evidence taken together does not make out an immediate peril
or urgent necessity existing at the time of the seizure, which would, justify the officer in taking-private property and impressing it into the public service; the evide:.ice does not bring the case within the principle of extreme necessity," &c.
Against this particular charge the plaintiff in error relies upon and urges all the exceptions and objections made to the preceding charges, aid upon the authorities cited above. The seizure, as it is called, was in this case made by a military officer; he must decide in the first instance whether an ".extreme necessity," (if that be required,) "for the safety of the army," made it proper to make the seizure. If the law made it his duty to decide it, and he gave an honest, though mistaken, judgment on

DEC.EMBER TERM, 1851.

121

Mitchell v. Harmony.

the subject, will the same law hold him personally responsible

for it?

Let the reason of the case, and the authorities last cited,

answer the question. Yet, by the charge, the military question

decided by the general in the field, and in the midst of danger, is to be rejudged in court, de novo. This cannot be either

justice or law.. To make the military officer in such a case

liable, it must be shown that his decision was corrupt, malicious,

or, at least, without any reasonable ground.

If this view of the subject be in any degree right, the charge

must be erroneous.

4thly. The judge says, "as to the remaining grounds of de-

fence, the liability of the defendant for taking the goods and

appropriating them to the public service, accrued at the time of

the seizure. If it was an unlawful taking, the liability imme-

diately attached; and the question was, whether that liability

had been discharged or released by any subsequent act of the

plaintiff. Colonel Mitchell, who executed the order, was not

alone responsible; Colonel Doniphan, who gave the order, was

also liable; they were jointly and severally responsible. Then,

was any act done by the plaintiff which waived the liability, or

by which he resumed the ownership and possession of the

goods ?" On this question the judge doubts "if there be any

evidence showing an intent, on the part of the plaintiff, to re-

sume ownership over the goods, &c., or any act done by him

that would, when properly viewed, lead to that result."

In reviewing this last charge, it is to be remembered that

Harmony was never deprived of the ownership, or even the pos-

session, of his property, otherwise than constructively, by force

of the order of the 10th February, 1847,, which required him

to accompany the army, and which order he obeyed. He re-

tained ownership and possession, but was constrained to use

those rights in a particular manner, and he did so use them.

There is more and better ground to " doubt" whether he was

ever deprived of ownership or possession, than to "doubt"

whether he ever "resumed" that ownership and possession. He

certainly, and by all the evidence, did have uncontrolled pos-

session, and exercised uncontrolled ownership of the goods, from

their arrival at the city of Chihuahua.' There is no room for

any doubt as to this fact. It is in effect admitted, and the

attempt is made to qualify it, by alleging that Harmony took

possession of said goods, and made sales of.them, under agree-

ment and arrangement with Colonel Doniphan; Now, if this

was so, by what series of implications, by what accumulation

of constructions construed, can the defendant, Mfitchell, be

made responsible, under the arrangement, for the whole value

VOL. XIII.

" 11'

122

SUPREME COURT.

Mitchell v. Harmony.

of the goods, merely because of the trespass, if trespass it was, committed by him on the evening preceding the 10th of February, 1847? It might as reasonably be pretended by Harmony, if he had retailed his goods in Chihuahua, and any of the purchasers had failed to pay the price, that Mitchell was responsible for that price, because it all came from his old trespass, Yet the plain import of this charge is to make Mitchell liable
for all the goods, notwithstanding that said Harmony had made them the subject of a subsequent contract with Doniphan, under which, as Harmony has attempted to prove, these same goods were lost by the inattention and negligence of Doniphan.
There seems, therefore, that there was no legal ground to make Mitchell liable to the extent to which he is made so by this charge, and that it is therefore erroneous.
But, as it appears to me, the great error of this part of the judge's charge is in his telling the jury, in effect, that the order of Colonel Doniphan afforded no legal defence or protection to Colonel Mitchell. The judge said that" 'olonel Mitchell, who executed the order, was not alone responsible; Colonel Doniphan, who gave the order, was also liable; they were jointly and severally responsible," &c.
On the part of Mitchell, it is most respectfully, but earnestly, contended that this instruction to the jury is not warranted by law, but is directly contrary to law.
The order was such a one as Mitchell was bound by law to obey; and it would be contradictory in the law to bind him to obey, and then to punish him for obeying.
In addition to the cases and authorities cited on the 2d point, and which are relied on as particularly applicable to this, the court is referred to the act of Congress of the 10th of April, 1806, "for establishing rules and articles for the government of the armies of the United States," and particularly the 9th article of the 1st section, which makes disobedience to the "law'ful command of his superior dfficer" punishable, at the discretion of a court-martial, with death. 2 Stat. at Large, 361.
If the judge, by his charge, meant to say that, in his opinion,
there was nc evidence - no competent evidence-before the jury to miaintain the two grounds of defence first alluded to by him, then the questions he decided were questions of law, just as much as questions arising on demurrers to eridence, and were proper to be decided by the judge, and not by the jury.
Considering it, then, as a question of law, like that arising
on a demurrer to evidence for some material defect, it becomes
necessary to examine the evidence, to ascertain whether the question of law has been correctly determined. To that exa-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

123

Mitchell v. Harmony.

mination the plaintiff in error confidently appeals, to show that the charge in this particular is plainly erroneous.

The points made by-the counsel for the defendant in error were the following:
First. In respect to any justificationf of the seiztre and use of the property, based upon an alleged unlawful trading with the enemy.
1. The evidence tended to prove, and the jury found, that the plaintiff below was not engaged in illegal trading, or, in the
language of the pleadings and authorities, "in affording aid or assistance to the enemy;" that neither the defendant nor Colonel Doniphan arrested his property as beihg forfeited, nor had grounds for so doing; but that this was merely an after-thought, other grounds having been alleged; aiid that the plaintiff, for all the trading he pursued or contemplated, had the sanction and license of Colonel Doniphan and of the defendant himself, and their superior officers, up to the President; and was acting to "aid and assist" the United' States, and the policy of our government, attaching himself to its interests, trading under its protection, facilitating its supplies, and uniting himself with its fate; and simply declining (as he well might) to devote his property gratdlitously to what an inferior agent supposed was the public service.
2. The law involved in the charge on this point was correctly
stated. The plaintiff, a citizen of the United States, acting under such sanction and permission as he had, could rightfully
and legally trade with the Mexicans: (a.) In a territory and with inhabitants reduced to sultjection.
The United States v. Rice, 4 Wheat. Rep. 246; 2 Gall. Rep. 501; Fleming v. Page, 9 How. Rep. 603, and authorities there cited :
(b.) Under such license to trade as was given; which was
within the competency of the officers who granted it and a common course in prosecuting a campaign under a variety of circumstances; "so to modify the relations of a state of war as to permit commercial intercourse." The William Penn, 3 Wash. C. C. R. 484; The George, 1 Mason, Rep. 24; The Julia, 8 Cranch, Rep. 181 ; Scholefield v. Eichelberger, 7 Pet. R. 592.
The Secretary of War was the proper organ of government.
The United States v. Eliason, 16 Pet. 302. 3. The defendant could not arrest for examination, and then
proceed with the property in pursuit of other objects, without deciding to seize as forfeited, or to restore. No delay for examination was necessary; nor can delays be tolerated which may operate oppressively. The Anna Maria, 2 Wheat. Rep.
327; Maley v. Shattuck, 3 Cranch, 458.

SUPREME COURT.
Mitchell v. Harmony,
4. Defendant cannot be permitted to treat the property~as arrested for the cause alleged, or, for the purpose of trial and condemnation, as forfeited, or as in fact forfeited, when the conduct of all throughout has been so inconsistent with that idea; when he did not, in fact, arrest it for that cause and purpose. He cannot deprive the plaintiff of the rights to which he is entitled on such a trial, nor dispose of the property as if condemned. The cause alleged for the seizure is important and issuable. If an officer even have legal process in his hands, and do not act under it, it is no justification. If he legally arrest property for probable cause of forfeiture, he cannot damage it, or convert it to his use with impunity. See cases above cited. Lucas v. Nockells, 4 Bing. Rep. 729; The Eleanor, 2 Wheat. 345; Del Col v. Arnold, 3 Dall. Rep. 333.
Second. In respect to the justification set up on the trial, but not in the pleadings, of taking the property, lest it should fall into the hands of the enemy.
1. The evidence tended to prove, ana tne jury found, the facts to be as understood and referred to by the judge; that El Paso and its neighborhood, including the presidio or fort of San Eleasario, at which the; property was at the time of seizure, were in the possession of the arms of this government; that there was no public force of the enemy at the time in its neighborhood which put the goods in danger of being captured; that the plaintiff's property stood in the same condition as that of any other trader in the country; that there was- no immediate or urgent peril of its falling into the enemy's hands, and, at the most, only a contingent and remote peril; that there was no impending danger no enemy present or advancing; and that the plaintiff was able and willing to defend himself against marauding parties
2. The rules of law'stated were correct; the peril rhust be greati immediate, and urgent,such as an enemy near or advancing; not remote, and the attack uncertain and contingent. A mere general exposure of the property to capture, from a hostile public force, not near nor advancing, but at rest 200 miles distant, or from irregular marauding parties, to which all property is exposed during war, and particularly so on a frontier, cannot be sufficient to justify the seizure. Mayor, &c. of New York v. Lord, 17 Wend. 285; 18 Id. 126; and cases referred to; so "to prevent the spreading of a fire, the ravages of a pestilence, the advance of a hostile army,or any other great public calamity," per Chdncellor Walworth, Ibid. p. 129. A jettison during an impending peril, Ibid. p. 130.
3. The person or property of a citizen cannot be seized and carried away, by an inferior offcer, and the latter be justified by

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

125

Mitchell v. Harmony.

a mere order of his official superior, not stating any cause, and being in fact without cause. Such an order during war is different from one during peace, only as it affords a justification
against the public enemy, or against one acting, at the time, with or in the garb of an enemy.
4. The pleadings do not sufficiently set up the present defence to admit of it. Two of the pleas to each count axe confined to the cause of illegal trading, and do not even allege a forfeiture
for that cause. See Gelston v. Hoyt, 3 Wheat. 246; Hall v. Warren, 2 McLean's Rep. 332.
The other one (the first one of each set) is radically defective. It neither avers any forfeiture or cause of arrest, nor sufficiently states the facts and circumstances to show the authority and jurisdiction of Colonel Doniphan.
(a.) Such facts are necessary to be averred in 6rder that'issue may be taken upon them; and that the plaintiff may not have his property taken for one pretence, and be exposed to the hazard of'a trial upon various different pretences, of which he had no notice. See Precedents, 3 Chitty's Plead. 1081- 1094, &c.
(b.) The stopping, seizing, taking, driving, and carrying away of the personal property of -a citizen, damaging and converting it, cannot be justified by a mere order of a military officer during war. Gelston v. Hoyt, 3 Wheat. 246, originally 13 Johns. Rep. 561; Murray v. The Charming. Betsy, 2 Crafich, Rep. 64. [Ex-
press orders of the President to capture in a quasi war. No justification of an arrest and bringing in for trial. Officer excused, under the circumstances, only from vindictive damages.]
(c.) It results that, if the existence of a military necessity be requisite to make the command lawful, that fact should have been pleaded, and must be established. If, under any conceivable circumstances of danger, 'Colonel Doniphan's or the defendant's own judgment of the existence of such a necessity
would have an effect to make the seizure justifiable, (and without such a judgment it clearly cannot be justified, even if it can with it,) then the circumstances of danger, and the fact of such judgment having been given, and the order and action based only upon that cause, should have been distinctly pleaded, (so
that the defendant might be held to prove them, and the plaintiff be prepared to controvert them); and all these thould have been clearly established, which they were not.
Under whatever culor the acts may have been committed, the truth, good faith, and sufficiency of the cause alleged are the
subjects of investigation as questions of fact without regard to
the official station. Wilson v. Mackenzie, 7 Hill, Rep. 95, citing Stton v. Johnstone; 1 Term Rep. 544, and 1 McArthur
on Courts Martial, 268, 4th Ed., and 436, Appendix, No. 24
III

126

SUPREME COURT.

Mitchell v. Harmony.

Percival v. Hickey, 18 Johns. Rep. 257; and see cases cited under the 3d and 4th subdivisions of the 1st point.
Tdrd. In respect to the remaining ground set up on the trial, but not in the pleadings, viz.: that the taking the property,
its damage, or conversion, was for public use, and was justified, without other authority, by necessity.
1. The evidence tended to prove, and the jury found, that there was no such necessity; that there was no immediate, ex, isting, impending and urgent occasion for the seizure; but that
the property was taken on the frontier, (by an inferior officer, not instructed by the government, por even by any general officer, and in the contingency that happened of General Wool not being in Chihuahua,) for the purpose of strengthening an invading
force against Chihuahua, and of attacking a fortification more than 200 miles distant, in the interior of the enemy's country; and even for this it was not urgently necessary. The finding of the jury, if it admitted that the property was taken for and applied to the public use, declared that it was so taken and so
used without the requisite authority to justify it. It appeared there had been an application to Congress to declare or recognize the necessity, which had not been successful.
2. The limitations of the charge, as to the character of the necessity requisite to justify such a seizure, were just, and did not prejudice the defendant. " An immediate, existing, impending and urgent, necessity" as explained and exemplified in the charge, was at least indispensable. See authorities under 2d subdivision of the 2d point.
3. A forced service beyond the realm has always been condemned. The war cofild not legally be, presumed to be urged for purposes of conquest, nor for the capture or acquisition of Chihuahua even by ordinary means. The use of extraordinary mean- for an invasion and capture of a city and by: an inferior
officer acting without orders, was in every respect unauthorized and illegal. Fleming v. Page, 9 How.Rep. 603; 1 Rolle, Abr. 116, 1. 10, ad. 30; 2 Inst. 47; 1 Black. Comm. 139; Lyon v. Jerome, 26 Wend. 485,491, 492, 494.
4. Private property cannot be taken for public use without compensation and against the consent of the owner. The officer who so takes it is subject to an action for its value. The duty of the government to compensate for property taken and applied to the public service is well establis~aed; but compensation cannot be given without legislative sanction; and no discretionary power existing in any executive officer (much less an inferior one acting without orders) to compel the citizen to furnish property or funds, or to suffer from its being taken, can
be tolerated under our system of government. The legislature

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

127

Mitchell v. Harmony.

cannot be put under such an obligation or duty, to indemnify
the sufferer, nor the citizen be turned over to Congress, by any one, compulsorily, for such redress. The actor against the citizen must be responsible until compensation be given. He may also
be liable to an extent which the government may not sanction, by reason of his resorting to a. unjustifiable course, or taking too much, or of a wrong kind, or wasting oi using it. The indemnity which the government may or ought to afford him, is no defence to a suit. The defendant, therefore, is responsible to the plaintiff even if the supposed necessity had clearly existed, and the charge on this point is wholly in favor of the defendant, and not exceptionable. Art. 4 and 5 of Amendments 'to Constitution; Van Horne's Lessee v. Dorrance, Dall. Rep. 311;
Compensation Act of 9th April, 1816, sect. 6, 3 U. S. Stat. at Large, 262; Gelston v. Hoyt, 3 Wheat. 246; 13 Johns. Rep. 139,561; Ship American Eagle and cargo, seized by order of the President, as fitted out for illegal purposes: verdict, $107,000; American State Papers, Claims, p. 601; Report of Committee, No. 427; also p. 476, No. 311; Appropriation Act, 9 April, 1818, 3 U. S. Stat. at Large, 418; Act for relief of Gelston's Ex'r, 7 July, 1838, c. 200, 6 U. S. Stat. at Large, 728; Case of Major Austin and Lieut. Wells, seizing disafficted persons under orders of Gen. Pike, American State Papers, Claims, p. 545; Reports of Committee, 15th Cong. 1st Sess. Nos. 379,431;
Act for their relief, April 20, 1818, c. 75, 6 U. S. Stat. at Large, 210; Case of General Swartwout, impressing boats in an emergency, by order of General Wilkinson, Ameiican tate
Papers, Claims, p. 649; Report of Committee, No. 44, and p. 73 1 ; Report, No. 526 ; Act for his relief, 3d March, 1821, c. 55, 6 U. S. Stat. at Large, 261; Case of teamster in Canada, seizing run by order of Col. Clark, American State Papers, Claims, p. 523; Report of Committee, 14 Cong. 2d Sess. No. 350. Other cases of impressments, &c., 6 U. S. Stat. at Large,
146, 162, 171, 240, c. 26, 162, 173, 125, 38; Report, No. 294, p. 462. Bloodgood v. Mohawk & H. R. R. Co. 18 Wend. Rep.
16, 17, 31, 42. 5. The pleadings and the proofs were subject to the same
objection under this point, as stated in the last subdivision to
the third point.
6. The cause- of action being transitory, and not merely against the peace, but afficting property, there is no objection to impleading the defendant wherever he can be found. McKenna
v. Fisk, 1 How. Rep. 248; 18 Johns. Rep. 257 ; 7 Hill, Rep. 95,
before cited. Fourth. The directions as to the time when the liability at-
tached, and as to the transactions with Colonel Doniphan, not

SUPREME COURT.
Mitchell v. Harmony.
being sufficient to discharge the defendant were correct. The evidence tended to prove, and the jury found, that there had been no intent to resume ownership, nor any release of liability. There was nothing in placing the goods subject to the order of Colonel Doniphan, when the plaintiff could no longer attend to or watch them, that amounted in itself to any release or resumption of ownership inconsistent with the liability of the defendant. Plaintiff was not bound to trade with the enemy, nor to accept the property in such a different and hostile place, under such different circumstances, damaged, scattered, destroyed, and impossible to be saved; and he did not so accept it. Whatever he could save he had a right to save, without impairing his right of action, or deducting any thing more than he could realize. Conrad v. Pacific Ins. Co. 6 Peters, 274, and cases there referred to.
Fifth. The discussion by counsel and opinion by the court, after the testimony was closed, before the counsel summed up in form, were without objection or 'exception ; it was convenient and appropriate in such a case of voluminous written testimony and peculiar circumstances; it involved the necessity of commenting upon facts, before a formal summing up by counsel; but this also was without objection or exception. The comments of the court are to be treated as if made by way of hypothesis, and for purposes of illustration ; they took nothing from the jury. It was left to the jury to say whether their views of the evidence accorded with the judge's review of them, addressed to the jury for their consideration; they cannot be the ground of exception or review. Carver v. Astor, 4 Peters, Rep. 1, 23, 80, &c.
There was, in fact, no exception. These and various other matters are out of place in the bill of exceptions. Rule 38 of January Term, J832; Zeller v Eckert, 4 How. Rep. 297; United States v. Morgan, 11 How. Rep. 158.
Mr.Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court. This isan action of trespass brought by the defendant in error, against the plaintiff in error, to recover the value of certain property taken by him, in the province of Chihuahua during the late war with Mexico. It appears that the plaintiff, who is a merchant of New York, and who was born in Spain, but is a naturalized citizen of' the United States, had planned a trading expedition to Santa F6, New Mexico, and Chihuahua, in the Republic of Mexico, before hostilities commenced; and had set out from Fort Independence, in Missouri, before he had any knowledge of the declaration of war. As soon as the war commenced,' an expedition was

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.
Mitchell v. Harmony.
prepared under the command of General Kearney, to invade New Mexico; and a detachment of troops was set forward to stop:the plaintiff and other traders until General Kearney came up, and to prevent them' from proceeding in advance of the army.
The trading expedition in which the plaintiff and the other traders were engaged, was, at the time they set. out, authorized by the laws of the United States. And when General Kearney arrived they were permitted to follow in the rear and to trade freely in all such places as might be subdued and occupied .by the American arms. The plaintiff and other traders availed themselves of this permission and followed the army to Santa
F6. Subsequently General Kearney proceeded to California; and
the command in New Mexico devolved on Colonel Doniphan, who was joined by Colonel Mitchell, who served under him, and against whom this action was brought.
It is unnecessary to follow the movements of the troops, or the traders particularly, because, up to tho period at which the trespass is alleged to have been committed at San Elisario, in the province of Chihuahua, it is conceded that no control was exercised over the property of the plaintiff, that was not perfectly justifiable in a state of war, and no act done by him that had subjected it to seizure or confiscation by the military authorities.
When Colonel Doniphan commenced his march for Chihuahua, the plaintiff and the other traders continued to follow in the rear and trade with the inhabitants, as opportunity offered. But after they had entered that province and were about to proceed in an expedition against the city of that name, distant about 300 miles, the plaintiff determined to proceed no -furthery and to leave the army. And when this deteimination was made known to the commander at San Elh~ario he gave orders to Colonel Mitchell, the defendant, to compel him to remain with and accompany the troops. Colonel Mitchell executed the order, and the .plaintiff was forced, against his will, to accompany the American forces with his wagons, mules and goods, in that
hazardous expedition. Shortly before the battle of SAcramento, which was fought on
the march to the town of Chihuahua, Colonel Doniphan, at the request of the plaintiff, gave him permission to leave the army and go to the'hacienda of a Mexican by the name of Parns, about eight miles distant, with his property. But the plaintiff did not avail himself of this permission; and apprehended, upon more reflection, that his property would be in more danger there than with the army; arid that a voluntary acteptance on his part, and

180

SUPREME COURT.

Mitchell v. Harmohy.

resuming the possession at his own risk, would deprive him of any remedy for its loss if it should be taken by the Mexican authorities. He remained therefore with the troops until they entered the town. His wagons and mules were used in the public service in the battle of Sacramento, and on the march afterwards. And while the town remained in possession of the American -forces he endeavored, but without success, to dispose of his goods. When the place was evacuated they were therefore un-
avoidably left behind, as nearly all of his mules had been lost in the march and the battle. He himself accompanied the army, fearing that his person would not be safe if he remained behind, a he was particularly obnoxious, it seems, to the Mexitans, because he was a native of Spain, and came with a hostile in-
vading army. When the Mexican authorities regained possession of the
place, the goods of-the plaintiff were seized and confiscated, and were totally lost to him. And this action was brought against Colonel Mitchell, the defendant, in the court below, to recover the damages which the plaintiff alleged he had sustained by the arrest and seizure of his property at San Elisario, and taking it
from hiscontrol and legal possession. -This brief outline is sufficient to show how this case has
arisen. The expedition of Colonel Doniphan, and all its incidei.ts, are already historically known, and need not be repeated here.
At the trial in the Circuit Court the verdict and judgment were in favor of -the plaintiff; and this wit of error has been brought upon the ground that the instructions to the jury by the CiSrcoumiteCoofutrht,euonbdjeercwtiohnicsh the verdict was found, were erroneous;
taken in the argument here, on behalf
of the defendant, have arisen from -a misconception of the instructions given to the jury. It is supposed that these directions embraced questions of fact as well as of law, and that the court took upon itself the decision of questions arising on the testi.
mony, which it was the exclusive province of. the jury to determine. But this is an erroneous construction of the exception taken at the trial. The passages in -elation to questions of fact are nothing more than the inferences .which in the opinion of the court were fairly deducible from the testimony; and were stated to the jury not to control their decision, but submitted for their consideration in order to a.sist them in forming their judgment. This mode of charging the juxy has always prevailed in the State of New York, and has been followed in the Circuit Court ever since the adoption of the Constitution.
The practice in this respect differs in different States. In
some of them the court neither sums up the evidence'in a charge to the jury nor expresses an opinion upon a question of fact. Its

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

181

Mitchell v. Harmony.

charge is strictly confined to questions of law, leaving the evidence to be discussed by counsel, and the facts to be decided by the jury without commentary or opinion by the court
But in most of the States the practice is otherwise; and they have adopted the usages of the English courts of justice, where the judge always sums up the evidence, and points out the conclusions which in his opinion ought to be drawn from it; submitting them, however, to the consideration and judgment of
the jury. It is not necessary to inquire which of these modes of proceed-
ing most conduces to the purposes of justice. It is sufficient to say that either of them may be adopted under the laws of Congress.
And as it is desirable that the practice in the courts of the United States should conform, as nearly s practicable, to that
of the State in which they are sitting, that mode of proceeding is perhaps to be preferred which, from long established usage and practice, has become the law of the. courts of the State. The right of a court bf the United States to express its opinon upon the facts in a charge. to the jury was affirmed by this court in the case of M'Lanahan v. The Universal Insurance Co., 1 Pet.
182, and Games v. Stiles, 14 Pet. 8-22. Nor can it be objected to upon the ground that the reasoning and opinion of the court
.upon the evidence may have an undue and improper influence on the minds and judgment of the jury. For an objection of that
kind questions their intelligence and independence, qualities which cannot be .brought into doubt without taking from that tribunal the confidence and respect which so justly belong to it,
in questions of fact. It was in pursuance of this practice, that the proceedings
set forth in the exceptions took place. 'When the testimony
was closed and the questions of law had been raised and argued by counsel, the court stated to them the view it proposed to .take of the evidence in the charge about to be given.
And it is evident, from the statement in the exception, that this was done for the purpose of giving the counsel for the respective parties an opportunity of going before the jury, to combat the inferences drawn from the testimony by the court, if they. sup.
posed them to be erroneous or open to doubt. It appears from the record that the counsel on both sides de-
clined going before the jury, dvidently acquiescing in the opi-
nions expressed by the court, and believing that they could not be successfully disputed. And the judge thereupon charged the jury that if they agreed with him: in his view of the facts that
they would find for the plaintiff, otherwise for the defendant; and upon this charge the jury found for the plaintiff, and assessed the damages stated in the proceedings. It is manifest, therefore, that

132

SUPREME COURT.

Mit'chell v. Harmony.

the Circuit Court did not, in its instructions, trench upon the province of the jury, and that the jury could not have been misled as to the nature and extent of their own duties and powers. The decision of the facts was fully and plainly submitted to them. *And their verdict for the plaintiff, upon the charge given to them,
affirms the correctness of the views taken by the cour.t; and the opinions upon the evidence as therein stated must now be regarded as facts found by the jury; and as such are not open to
controversy in this court. This statement of the ma .ner in which the case was disposed
of in the Circuit Court was necessary to disengage it from objections which do not belong to it, and to show what questions were decided by the court below, and are brought up by this
writ of error. We proceed to examine them. It is admitted that the plaintiff, against his will, was compelled
by the defendant to accompany the troops with the property in question when they marched from San Elisario to Chihuahua; and that he was informed that force would be used if he refused. This was unquestionably a taking of the property, by force, from the possession and control of the plaintiff; and a trespass on the part of the defendant, unless he can show legal grounds
of justification. He justified the seizure on several grounds. 1. That the plaintiff was engaged in trading with the enemy. 2. That he was compelled to remain with the American forces,
and. to move with them, to prevent the property from falling into the hands of the enemy.
:3. That the property was taken for public use. 4. That if the defendant was liable for the original taking, he was released from damages for its subsequent loss, by the act of the plaintiff, who had resumed the possession and control of it before the loss happened. 5. That the defendant acted in obedience to the order of his commanding officer, and therefore is not liable. The first objection was. overruled by the court, and we think correctly. There is no dispute about the facts which relate to this part of the case, nor any contradiction in the testimony. The plaintiff entered the hostile country openly for the purpose of trading, in company with other traders, and under 0he protection of the American flag. The inhabitants with whomi he traded had submitted to the American arms, and the country was in possession of the military authorities of the United States. The trade in which he was engaged was not only sanctioned by the com-
mander of the American troops, but, as appears by the record) was permitted by the Executive Department of the government,

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

188

Mitchell vt. Harmoliy.

whose policy it was to conciliate, by kindness and commercial intercourse, the Mexican provinces bordering on the United

States, and by that means weaken the power of the hostile government of Mexico, with which we were at war. Itwas oneof

the means resorted to to bring the war to a successful conclusion. It is certainly true, as a general rule, that no citizen can law-
fully trade with a public enemy; and if found to be engaged in

such illicit traffic his goods are liable to seizure and confiscation.

But the rule has no application to a case of this kind; nor can

an officer of the United States seize the property of an Ameri-

can citizen, for an act which the constituted authorities, acting within the scope of their lawful powers, have authorized to be

done.

Indeed this ground of justification has not been pressed in the argument. The defence has been placed, rather 6n rumors

which reached the commanding officer and suspicions which

he appears to have entertained of a secret design in the plaintiff to leave the American forces and carry on an illicit trade with the enemy, injurious to the interests of the United States. And if such a design had been'shown, and that he was preparing to

leave the American troops for that purpose, the seizure and de-

tention of his property, to prevent its execution, would have been

fully justified. But there is no evidence in the record tending to show that these rumors and suspicions had any foundation.

And certainly mere suspicions of an illegal intention will not

authorize a military officer to seize and detain the property of

an American citizen. The fact that such an intention existed

must be shown; and of that there is no evidence. The 2d and 3d objections will be considered together, as they
depend on the same principles.. Upon these two grounds of

defence the Circuit Court instructed the jury, that the defendant might lawfully take possession of the goods of the plaintiff, to prevent them from falling into the hands of the public enemy; but in order to justify the seizure the danger must be immediate and impending, and not remote or contingent And that he

might also take them for public use and impress them into the

public service, in case of an immediate and pressing danger or

urgent necessity existing at the time, but not otherwise, In the argument of these two points, the circumstances under

which the goods of the plaintiff were taken have been much discussed, and the eidence examined for the purpose of showing

the nature and character of the danger which actually existed

at the time or was aqprehended by the commander of the Ame-

rican forces. But this question is not before us. It is a ques-

tion of fact.upon which the jury have passed, and their verdict

has decided that a danger or necessity, such as the court dscribed,

VOL. XIII.

12

134

SUPREM E COURT.

Mfitch11 v. Harmony.

did not exist when the property of the plaintiff was taken by the defendant And the only subject for inquiry in this court is,
whether the law was correctly stated in the instruction of the court; and whether any thing short of an immediate and im-
pending danger from the public enemy, or an urgent necessity
for the public service, can justify the taking of private property by a military commander to prevent it from falling into the hands of the enemy or for the purpose of converting it to the use of the public.
The instruction is objected to on the ground, that it restricts the power of the officer within narrower limits than the law will justify. And that when the troops are employed in an expedition into the enemy's country, where the dangers that meet them cannot always be foreseen, and where they are cut off from aid from their own governmefit, the commanding officer must neces-
sarily be intrusted with some discretionary power as to the measures lie should adopt; and if he acts honestly, and to tae best of his judgment, the law will protedt him. But it must be remembered that the question here, is not as to the discretion he may exercise in his military operations orin relation to those who are under his command. His distance from home, and the duties in which he is engaged, cannot enlbrge his power over the property of a citizen, nor give to him, in that respect, any authority which he would not, under similar circumstances, pos. sess at home. And where the owner has done nothing to forfeit his rights, every public officer is bound to respect them, whether he finds the property in a foreign or hostile country, or
in his own. There- are, without doubt, occasions in which private property
may lawfully be taken possession of or destroyed to prevent it from falling into the hands of the public enemy; and also where a military officer, charged with a particular duty, may impress private property into the public servi~e or take it for public use. Unquestionably, in such cases, the go emiment is bound to make full compensation to the owner; but the officer is riot a tres. passer.
But we are clearly of opinion, that in all of these cases the danger must be immediate and impending; or the necessity urgent for the public service, such as will not admit of delay, and where the action of the civil authority would be too late in prov*ding the means which the occasion calls for. It is impossible to define the particular circumstances of danger or necessity in which this power may be lawfully exercised. Every case
must depend on its own circumstances. It is the emergency that gives the right, and the emergency must be shown to exist before the taking can be justified.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.
Mitchell v. Harmony.
In deciding upon this necessity, however, the state of the facts, as they appeared to the officer at the time he acted, must govern the decision; for he must necessarily act upon the information of others as well as his own observation. And if, with such information as he had a right to rely upon, there is reasonable gound for believing that the peril is immediate and menacing, or the necessity urgent, he is justified in acting upon it; and the discovery afterwards that it was false or erroneous, will not make him a trespasser. But it is not sufficient to show that he exercised an honest judgment, and took the property to promote the public service; he must show by proof the nature and character of the emergency, such as he had reasonable grounds to believe it to be, and it is then for a jury to say, whether it was so pressing as not to admit of delay; and the occasion such, according to the information upon which he acted, that private rights must for the time give way to the common and public good.
But it is not alleged that Colonel Doniphan was deceived by false intelligence as to the movements or strength of the enemy at the time the property was taken. His camp at San Elisario was not threatened. He was well informed upon the state of affairs in his rear, as well as of the dangers before him. And the property was seized, not to defend his position, nor to place his troops in a safer one, nor to anticipate the attack of an approaching enemy, but to insure the success of a distant and hazardous expedition, upon which he was about to march.
The movement upon Chihuahua was undoubtedly undertaken from high and patriotic motives. It was boldly planned and gallantly executed, and contributed to the successful issue of the war. But it is not for the court to say what protection or indemnity is due from the public to an officer who, in his zeal for the honor and interest of his country, and in the excitement of military operations, has trespassed on private rights. That question belongs to the political department of the government. Our duty is to determine under what circumstances private property may be taken from the owner by a military officer in a time of war. And the question here is, whether the law permits it to be taken to insure the success of any enterprise against a public enemy which the commanding officer may deem it ad. visable to undertake. And we think it very clear that the law does not permit it.
The case mentioned by Lord Mansfield, in delivering his opinion in Mostyn v. Fabrigas, 1 Cowp. 180, illustrates the principle of which we are speaking. Captain Gambier, of the British navy, by the order of Admiral Boscawen, pulled down the houses of some sr.tlers on the coast of Nova Scotia, who

186

STPREME COURT.

Mitchell v. Harmoniy.

were "supplying the sailors with spirituous liquors, the health of
the sailors being injured by frequenting them. The motive was evidently a laudable one, and the act done for the public service. Yet it was an invasion of the rights of private property, and without the authority of law, and the officer who executed
the order was held liable to an action, and the sutlers recovered damages against him to the value of the property destroyed.
This case shows' how carefully the rights of private property are'guarded by the laws in England; and they are certainly not less valued nor less securely guarded und3r the Constitution and
laws of the United States. We think, therefore, that the instructions of the Circuit Court
on the 2d and 3d points were right. The 4th ground of objection is equally untenable. The lia.
bility of the defendant attached the moment the goods were seized, and the jury have found that the plaintiff did not afterwards resume the ownership and possession.
Indeed, we do not see any'evidence-in thie record from which the jury could have found otherwise. From the moment they were taken possession of at San Elisario, they were under the control of Colonel Doniphan, and held subject to his order. They were no longer in the possession or control of the plaintiff, and the loss which happened was the immediale and necessary consequence of the coercion which compelled him to accompany the troops.
It is true, the plaintiff remained with his goods and took care of:them, as far as he could, during the march. But whatever he did in that respect was by the orders or permission of the military authorities. He had no independent control over them.
Neither can his efforts to save them from loss, after they arrived at the town of Chihuahua, by sale or otherwise, be construed into a resumption of possession, so as to discharge the
defendant from liabilty. He had been brought there with the property against his will; and his goods were subjec.ted to the danger in which .they were placed by the act of the :defendant. And the defendant cannot discharge himself from the immediate and necessary consequences of his wrongful act, by abandoning all care and control of the property after it reached Chihuahua,
and leaving the plaintiff to his own efforts to save it. He could not discharge himself without restoring the possession in a place of safety; or in a place where the plaintiff was willing to accept it. And the plaintiff constantly refused to take the risk upon
himself, after they arrived at Chihuahua, as well as on the march, and warned Colonel Doniphan that he would not.
Neither can the permission given to the plaintiff to leave the
tfoops and go to the hacienda of Parns, affect his rights. He

DECEfMBER TERM, 1851.

.137

Mitchell v. Harmony,

was then in the midst of the enemy's country, and to leave the American forces at that point might have subjected his person and property to greater dangers than he incurred by remaining with them. The plaintiff was not bound to take ipon himself any of the perils which were the immediate consequences of the original wrong committed by the defendant in seizing his property and compelling him to proceed with it and accompany
the troops. The 5th point may be disposed of in a few words. If the
power exercised by Colonel Doniphan had been within the limits of a discretion confided to him by law, his order would have justified the defendant even if the commander had abused his power, or acted from improper motives. But we have already said that the law did not confide to him a discretionary power over private property. Urgent necessity would alone give him the right; and the verdict finds that this necessity did not exist. Consequently the order given was an order to do an illegal act; to commit a trespass upon the property of another; and can afford no justification to the person by whom it was executed. The case of Captain Gambier, to which we have just referred, is directly in point upon this question. And upon principle, independent of the weight of judicial decision, it can never be maintained that a military officer can justify himself for doing an unlawful act, by producing the order of his superior. The order may palliate, but it cannot justify.
But in this case the defendant does not stand in the situation
of an officer who merely obeys the command of his superior.
For it appears that he advised the order, and volunteered to execute it, when, according to military usage, that duty more
properly belonged to an officer of inferiqr grade. We do not understand that any objection -is taken to the
jurisdiction of the Circuit Court over the matters in controversy. The trespass, it is true, was committed out of the limits of the United States. But an action might have been maintained for it in the Circuit Court for any district in which the defendant might be found, upon process against him, where the citizenship of the respective parties gave jurisdiction to a court of the United States. The subject was before this court in the case of McKenna v. Fisk, reported in 1 How. 241, where the decisions upon the question are referred to, and the jurisdiction in cases of this description maintained.
Upon the whole, therefore, it is the opinion of this court, that
there is no error in the instructions given by the Circuit Court, and that the judgment must be affirmed with costs.

SUPREME COU:RT.
Mitchell v. Harmon,?.
Mr. Justice DANIEL dissented. In this case I find myself constrained to disagree with the opinionof the court just pronounced. This disagreement is not so much the result of any view taken by me of the testimony in this case, in conflict with that adopted by my brethren; for, with respect to the character of the testimony, were that the subject regularly before us, there perhaps would exist little or no difference of opinion. With some modifications, perhaps unimportant, I might have agreed also to the legal propositions laid down by the court, so far as I have been able to extract them from the charge of the judge. My disagreement with the majority, relates to a great principle lying at the foundation of all legal inquiries into matters of fact; lying indeed at the foundation of civil society itself: the preservation, in its fullest scope and integrity, unaf. fected, and even unapproached by improper influences, direct or indirect, of the venerable, the sacred, thd unappreciable trial by jury. In the emark just made, or in any criticism which may be attempted as to the charge of the judge at circuit, in this case, I would have it understood that there is no officer to whose learning, or to whose integrity of purpose, I would with greater confidence intrust either -the rights of the citizen, or the exposition of the law, than I would to the judge whose opinion is before us; but in this instance, it seems to me, that in accordance with a practice which, although it has obtained in some of the courts, is regarded as irregular and mischievous, he has stepped beyond the true limits of the judicial province. Duty demands of me, therefore, however ineffectual the effort, that I should oppose my feeble resistance to the aggression. I object to the charge of the judge in this case, as I would to every similar charge of a court presiding over a jury trial at common law, because it is not confined to a statement of the points of law raised by the pleadings, and to the competency or relevancy of the testimony offered by either party in reference to those points; but extends to the weight and efficiency of the evidence, all admissible, and in fact admitted, and declares to the jury minutely and emphatically, what that testimony do~s or does not prove. And now let us examine the language of the charge. It is as follows:
" One -ground on which the defence is placed is, that the plain. tiff was engaged in an unlawful trade with the public enemy, and that, being engaged in an unlawful trade, his goods were liable to confiscation; and any person, particularly an officer of the army, could seize the same.
This ground, as I understand the evidence, has altogether failed. He was not only not so engaged, but was engaged in trading

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

139

Mitchell v. Harmony.

with that p6rtion of the territory reduced to subjection by our arms, and where his trading with the inhabitants was permitted and encouraged. The army was directed to hold out encou. ragement to the trad6rs. There is no foundation, therefore, for this branch of the defence. Anoth6r ground taken by the de. fendant, and relied upon, depends upon another principle of pub-
lic law, viz., the taking possession of the goods at a time and place when it was necessary for the purpose of preventing them from falling into the-hands of the enemy. This has been urged as particularly applicable to the plaintiff's goods, some of which
consisted of articles which might be used as munitions of war,
wagons for transportation, &c. Taking the whole of the evidence together, and giving full
effect to every part of it, we think this branch of the defence has also failed.
No case of peril or danger has .been proved which -would lay a foundation for taking possession of the goods of the plaintiff at San Elisario, on that ground, either as it respects the state of the country, or the force of the public enemy. On the contrary, it was in the possession of the arms of this government
There was no enemy, no-public force at the time in the neighborhood, which put the goods in the danger of being captured. The plaintiff's goods, therefore, stood in the same condition as the goods of any other trader in the country. The testimony does not make out a case of seizure of property justified by the peril of its falling into the enemy's hands. The peril must be immediate and urgent, not contingent or remote; otherwise every citizen's property, particularly on the frontiers, would be liable to be seized or destroyed, as it must always be more or less 'exposed to capture by the public enemy. The principle itself, if properly applied, of the right to take property to prevent it from falling into the hands of the enemy, is undisputed. But in this case there was no immediate or impending danger, no enemy advancing to put the goods in peril. They were more exposed to marauding parties than to any public force, the dan-
ger from which the plaintiff considered himself able to take care of. The next ground of defence, and which constitutes the principal question in the case, and upon which it must probably ultimately turn, is the taking of the goods by the public authorities for public use. I admit the principle of public law; but this rests likewise upon the law of necessity. I have no doubt of the right of a military officer, in a case of extreme necessity, for the safety of the government or of the army, to take private property for the public service.
An army upon its march, in danger from the public enemy, would have a right to seize the property of the citizen, and use

140

SUPREM1E COURT.

Mitchell v. Harmony.

it to fortify itself against assault while the danger existed and

was impending, and the officer ordering the seizure would not

be liable as a trespasser; the owner must look to the Govern-

ment for indemnity. The safety of the country is paramount,

and the rights of the irdividual must yield in case of extreme

necessity. No doubt, upon the testimony, if the enemy had

been in force, in the neighborhood of the United States troops,

with the disparity which existed at Sacramento, and the same

danger for the safety of the troops existed at San Elisario that

threatened them there, the commanding offider might, for the

safety of this army, seize and use, while the danger continued,

the wagons and teams of the plaintiff that could be immediately

brought into the service, to meet and overcome the impending

danger. An would justify

immediate, the seizu~re

feoxristhtiengs,afaentdy

oofvtehrewharemlmyi.ng

necessity

Looking, however, at te testimony, .t seems to me quite
clear that these goods were seized, not on account of any impending danger at the time, oroffotrhetheenepmuyrp, obsye wohficbhetihneg cuosmedmagaanidnsmt aignhitmbme eednidaatengaesresdau, lbtut that they were seized and taken into the public service for the purpose of cobperating with the army in their expedition into the enemy's country, to Chihuahua. The mules, wagons, and goods were taken into the

public service for the purpose of strengthening the army, and
aiding in the accomplishment of the ulterior object of the expedition, which was the taking of Chihuahua; it was not to repel a threatened assault, or to protect the army from an impending peril; in my judgment, all the evi-4 -nce taken together
does not make out an immediate peril or urgent necessity existing at the time of seizure which would justify the officer in
taking private property and impressing it into the public service; the evidence does not bring the case within the principle
of extreme necessity; it does not make cut such a dase, or one boming within the principle; there is not only no evidence of an impending peril to be resisted by the public force, but the goods were taken for a different purpose, viz., for the purpose of cooperating with the army against Chihuahua; the army had to
march over two hundred miles before it reached or found the enemy; the danger, if any, lay in the pursuit, not in remaining at San °Elisario or returning to Santa F6; there had been a sudden insurrection against the authority of the government in that neighborhood, but it was immediately suppressed.
As to the remaining grounds of defence, the liability of the defendant for taking the goods and appropriating them to the public service accrued at the time of the seizure ; if it was an unlawful taking, the liability immediately attaphed, and the

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

141

Mitchell v. Harmony.

question was whether that liability had been discharged or re-
leased by any subsequent act of the plaintiff; Colonel Mitchell, who executed the order, was not alone responsible, Colonel TDoni. phan, who gave the order, was also liable; they were jointly and severally responsible; then, was any act done by the plain. tiff which waived the liability, or by which he resumed the 6wn-
ership and possession of the goods? Certainly the abandonment of the goods to Colonel Doniphan cannot be regarded as an
act of resumption of ownership; on the contrary, it was consistent with the assertionof his liability; there had been a negotiation between them; Colonel Doniphan advised him to sell the goods at Chihuahua and look to the government for indemnity, and, in pursuance of this, measures were taken for their protec-
tion and safe-keeping. I doubt if there be' any evidence showig an intent on the part of the plaintiff to resume ownership over the goods as his private property after they had been seized by the army, or any act done by him that would, when properly viewed, lead to that result."
The bill of exceptions concludes as follows:
"After the judge expressed his views of the case as above
stated, the counsel on both sides declined going to the jury. The presiding judge accordingly charged the jury that the
law was as had been stated by him, and that if they agreed with .him in his view of the facts, that tbey would find for the
plaintiff, otherwise for the defendant. The counsel for the defendant did then and there except to each
of the four propositions mentioned in the charge above stated. The jury, without leaving their seats, returned a verdict for the
plaintiff for $90,806.44. And because none of the said exceptions, so offered and made
to the opinions and decisions of the said associate justice, do appear upon the record of the said trial; therefore, on the prayer
of the said defendant, by his said. counsel, the said associate justice hath to the bill of exceptions set his seal, April term, one thousand eight hundred and fifty. S. NELSON. [SEAL.]"

The record, above cited, informs us that after the judge had expressed his views of the case as above stated, the counsel on both sides declined going to the jury. And surely, after such an expres-
sion, no other result could well have been anticipated. In the first place, the counsel for the plaintiff could not have made to the jury so authoritati -ean argument 'in behalf of his client; and
in the next place the counsel for the defendant must have been a rash man could he have attempted to throw his individual weight (whatever might have been his ability) in opposition to this authoritative declaration and influence of the court. Nay,

142

SUPREME COURT.

Mitchell v. Harmony.

it may be insisted, that if the cour in passing upon the weight of the evidence, was acting within its legitimate sphere, the counsel would have been justly obnoxious to -the imputation of indecorum, if not of contempt, in assailing before the jury the judge's decision; for the respective provinces of the court, the counsel, and the jury, are separate, distinct, and well defined,
andBunteaitfhter stheouclodunbseelsuhbajedctbteoenintvhaussiosnilebnycetdh,e aonthdetrh. e weight

of the evidence fully and minutely pronounced upon by the cout it is insisted, that the alleged irregularity was entirely cured, by a declaration from the court to the jury, "that if they agreed with him in his view of the facts, they should find for the plaintiff, otherwise they might find for the defendant." But the natural -and obvious inquiry here is, what the judge's view
of the facts had to do with this matter. It was the jury who were to find the facts for the judge, and not the judge who was to find the facts for the jury; and if the -verdict is either formally, or in effect, the verdict of the judge, it is neither according to truth nor common sense, the verdict of the jury; and these triers of fact had better be dispensed with, as an useless, and in-
deed an expensive and cumbersome formula in cofuts of law, than be preserved as false indicia of what they in reality do not show. Moreover, this determination of facts by the court does not place the parties upon fair and equal grounds of contest before the minds of-the jury; it is placing the weight of the court, which must always be powerfully felt, on the side of one of the parties, and causifig the scale necessarily to preponderate by throwing the sword, which, under such circumstances, can
hardly be called the sword of justice, into one of the scales in which the rights- of the parties are hanging.
The practice of passing upon the weight of the evidence and
of pronouncing from the bench what that evidence does or does
not prove, accords neither wirn the nature and objects of jury trial, as indicated by its very name, nor as affirmed by the fathers of the law who have defined this institution and proclaimed it to be the ark of safety for life, liberty, and property. Thus'it is called the trial perpais, or by the country, to distinguish it as a
determination of the rights of the subject or citizen by his fellow subjects or citizens, from a determination thereon by the action of mere officials or creatures of. the government. And with respect to the peculiar intent and effects of this tribunal of the people we read thus: Justice Blackstone, speaking of this in-
stitution, says: "The trial by jury has ever been, and, I .trust, ever will be, looked upon as the glory of the English law. 'And if it has so great an advantage over others in regulating civil property, how much must that advante.ge be heightenec when

DECEM'BER TERM, 1851.

143

Mitchell v. Harmony.

it is applied to criminal cases! It is the most transcendent privilege which any subject can enjoy or wish for, that he cannotbe affected, either in his property, his liberty, or his person, but by the unanimous consent of twelve of his neighbors and equals." Again he says: " Great as this eulogium may seem, it is no
more than this admirable constitution, when traced to its principles, will be found in sober reason to deserve. The impartial administration of justice, which secures both ourpersons and our property, is the great end of civil society. But if that be entirely intrusted to the magistracy, a select body of men, and those generally selected by th6 prince, or such as enjoy the highest offices in the state, their decisions, in spite of their own natural integrity, will have frequently an involuntary bias towards those .of their own rank and dignity. It is yisely ordered, therefore;
that the principles and axioms of law, which are general propo-
sitions flowing from abstracted reason, and not accommodated to times or men, should be deposited in the breasts of the judges, to-be occasionally applied to such facts as come properly ascertained before them. For here partiality can have little scope: the law is well known, and is the same for all ranks and degrees; it follows as a regular conclusion from the premises of
facts .pre~stablished. But in settling and adjusting a question of fact, when inftusted to any single magistrate, partiality and injustice have an ample field to range in, either by boldly assert-
ing that to be proved which is not so, or by more artfuliy suppressing some circumstances, stretching and warping others, and distinguishing away the remainder." And again: "Every
new tribunal erected for the decision of facts without the intervention of a jury (whether composed of justices of the peace',
commissioners of the revenue, or judges of a court of'conscience, or any other standing magistracy,) is a step towards establish-
ing aristocracy, the most oppressive of absolute governments. It is, therefore, upon the whole, a duty which every man owes
to his country, his friends, his posterity, and himself, to maintain, to the utmost of his power, this valuable constitution in all its rights; to restore it to its ancient dignity if at all impaired by the different value of property, or otherwise deviated from its first institution; and above all to' guard it against the introduction of new and arbitrary methods of trial, which, under aL variety of plausible pretences, may in time imperceptibly undermine this best preservative of English liberty."
With regard to the legitimate and proper mode of operation,
and effect of the trial by jury, the language of Lord Coke should ever be kept in mind, as furnishing the true and only true standard by which to measure this valuable institution.
After giving his derivation of the terms verdict and judgment,

144

SUPREME COU-RT.

Mitchell v. Harmony.

this great common lawyer proceeds, "Etsicut ad quaestionemjuris o respondentjuratoressed judices; sic ad quwstionemfacti, non
respondentjudicessedjuratores." For jurors are to try the fact, Lad the judges ought to judge according to the law that ariseth upon the fact, for ex facto jus oritur. The mamer of stating
the above proposition§ by this great lawyer and commentator
is worthy of particular attention, as defining and illustrating with clearness and precision, the powers and duties of the court and the jury. He has not simply said, ad qu stionem jurisrespondentjudices,nor in like manner ad questionemfacti respondentjuratores,but he has placed them in a striking opposition and contrast, and drawn a well-defined limit around the fune. tions of both the courk and the jury, and informed them, in terms too unequivocal for misapprehension, that the limit, thus
prescribed, neither has the power to transcend; has declared to each what it shall not do. Thus, literally translated, his annunciation is "And as with respect to the questions of law, the jury :must not respond, but only the judges; so, orin like manner, or under like restriction, the judges must not respond to questions of fact, but only the jury." There can be no escape from- the force of the positions thus laid down by Lord Coke, by the argument that the jury are not absolutely bound
by the opinion pronounced by the court upon the weight of the evidence. The proper inquiry here is, not as to the absolute and binding authority of the court's opinion upon the weight of evidence, but that inquiry is, what are the legitimate and appropriate functions of the court and the jury; whe-
ther the former, in pronouncing upon the weight of the evidence, can, within any rational sense, be responding only to questions of law, or whether it is not controlling the free action
of the jury by the indirect exertion of a power which all are obliged to concede that it does not legitimately possess; the power of responding to the facts of the case. This is one of the
mischievous consequences against which we are assured by Justice Blackstone, that the trial by jury was designed to guard, when he remarks that, "in settling and adjusting -a question of fact when intrusted to any single magistrate, partiality and injustice have an ample field to range in, either by boldly assert-
ing that to be proved which is not so, cr by more artfully suppressing some circumstances, stretching and warping others, and distinguishing away the remainder." And if this power of in-
terpretation or of weighing the evidence cannot safely be deposited within the regular commission of the judge, much less should -an attempt to wield that power be tolerated, when confessedly beyond his commission. The objection here urged to
the interposition '5f the court as to the weight of evidence, is by

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

145

Mitchell v. Harmony.

no means weakened by the excuse or explanation that sucfi

declaration by the court is not binding, but is given in the way

of advice to the jury; the essence of the objection is perceived

in the control and influence which an interposition by court is

almost certain to produce upon the otherwise free and unembar-

rassed action of the jury, and the restraint it imposes upon tie

views and efforts of the advocate, who, in a great majority of

instances, will hardly venture to throw himself openly into a

conflict with the court. And again the maxim which declares

that ad qucsstionem facti non respondent judices, would seem to

forbid this advice altogether, or to render it officious or irregular

at least. The court can exercise a legitimate and effectual con-

trol over the verdict of juries by the award of new trials, and

should be restricted to this regular exertion of its acknowledged

power. Let us test this interposition by the court, by com-

paring it with a similar irregularity on the part of the jury.

"Ad qz estionem juris non respondent juratores sed judices"

says the maxim. Now, suppose the jury sworn in a cause

should declare to the court what evidence was competent or

relevant to the issues they were to try, and what, in their

view, should be the law governing the contest between the

parties. NVould not such a proceeding be regarded as ex-

tremely irregular and wholly unjustifiable ? And why would it

be so regarded? Simply because in so acting the jury would

transcend the province assigned them by their duty; because

they would not be conforming to the maxim ad questionem legis

vo respondent juratores sedjudices. And yet, perhaps, there

would be greater color for this proceeding than can be found to

excuse the interference by the court in questions of fact ; for it is

undeniable that from the earliest periods of the practice of jury

trials, the jury, of right, could find a general verdict, thereby con-

stituting themselves judges both of law and fact.

In accordance with the maxim quoted from Lord Coke, may

be cited other authorities of great weight. Thus, in the case

of Rex v. Poole, to be found in Cases in the King's Bench, in

the time of Lord Hardwicke, it is said by Hardwicke, C. J.,

that "it is of the greatest consequence to the law of England,

and to the subject, that the powers of the judge and the jury be

kept distinct; that the judge determine the law, and the jury"

the fact; and if ever they comle to be confounded, it will prove

the confusion and destruction of the law of Bngland." So

likewise in Foster, p. 256, it is said, that "tbc construction of

the law, upon the facts found by the jury, is in all cases un-

doubtedly the proper province of the court." It has been said,

that the course pursued by the judge in this case is in confotfm-

ity with the practice of the courts' of England, and in the

VO. XIII.

13

SUPREME COURT.
Mitchell v. Harmony.
majority of the States of this Union. For the establishment of the position assumed, either with regard to the English courts, or with respect to the tribunals of the several States, no authorities have been cited; but, even, if this position should be conceded, it is not the less clear that the rule it is invoked to sustain is a flagrant departure from the great principle so emphatically asserted by the fathers of the'law, and should not the less be viewed and shunned as an abuse rather than an example worthy of imitation. In what number of States of this confederacy such a practice (such an abuse, as I would term it,) way prevail has not been shown; certain it is, that in many of the Southern States it does not obtain, and would not be tolerated. It has also been said, that the right of the judge to instruct the jury upon the weight of testimony has been ruled as the established doctrine of this court. If this be so, it is a revelation which the friends of jury trial, in its full integrity and independence, will grieve to learn, and will be-disposed to regard as 'ademolition by this court of that sacred ark of civil liberty, d rv ichy y the greatest services it may render, it can hardly lever be able to atone. It is true that, in the case of Carver v. Ji'ckson, 4 Pet 80, there is an -expression of Ar. Justice Story, in delivering the opinion of the court, broad enough to cover this irregular exercise of power by the court in its widest extent. But, upon exaination,'it will be seen that this expression had no real connection with thq points regularly before the court, and, as a mere dictum, was entirely without authority. In the introductory pait of his opinicn, Mi. Justice Story, meaning merely to express his disapprobation of a practice of bringing up for review the entire charge oof the court below, without stating specific points or grounds of exception, as extremelY inconvenient, takes occasion to-use the following remark, N namely, -that, "with the charge of the court to the jury upon mere matters of fact, and -ith its commentaries upon the weight of evidence, this court has nothing to do." But it is remarkable that this judge goes on to say, with respect to these commentaries, that they are of no binding legal effect; thus, in real-
N ity,pronouneing their condemnation in the same breath which sanctions teir admission to affect, if it can be done without legal'or binding obligation, the minds of the jurors. Surely it may be assumed as a postulate, that a cb~prA of justice, in adjudicating upon the rights of the citizen or of the State, should do, and can have power to do, -nothing which is irregular, oi vain, or useless. Its duty and its office is to do the law, and nothing but the law. The anomalous and contradictory doctrine above noticed has, I think, been condemned by a more recent and a far more correct decision of this court; a decision

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

147

Mitchell v. Harmony.

directly in point upon this subject, -I allude to the case of Hanson v. Eustace, 2 How. 706. In that case, the late Justice
Baldwin, under the rule which admits of secondary evidence when the primary evidence is not within the power of a party, or is withheld improperly by his adversary, went so far beyond the just application of the rule as to say to the jury what the secondary or presumptive evidence did actually prove; but still accompanied his declaration with the salvo, " that if they agreed with him in opinion." This is his language: " Should youropinion agree with ours on this point, you will presume that there was a deed from Robert Phillips, or his heirs, competent to vest the title to the sixth street lot in the firm of Robert & Isaac Phillips; that it so remained at the time of the assignment, and that it was by such conveyance as would enable them to enjoy the property against Robert Phillips and his heirs." And this court reversed the decision of the Circ .'t Court, upon the ground that the judge's charge declared to the jury what their conclusions, from the secondary evidence, ought specifcpally to be. This decision I regard as in strict conformity with the doctrines promulged by the fathers of the law, the doctrine
which alone can prevent the inestimable trial by jury from becoming a mere mockery and a deception to those who have been taught to revere and rely upon it as the best safeguard of these rights. Transforming this institution from what it was intended to be, and once was in reality, - a trial by the country, -into a'mere formula, to be moulded at-the discretion of the court. I think that the judgment of the Circuit Court should be reversed.

David D. Mitchell, Plaintiff in Error, In obedience to the or-

v.

der of the court in this

Manuel X. Harmony.

case, yesterday, the clerk

of this court having filed the following report, namely: -

Supreme Court of the Unipd S' tates. No. 178. -December

Term, 1851.

David D. Mitchell, Plaintiff in Error, In error to the Circuit Court of the United

v.

States for the Southern

Manuel X. Harmony.

District of New York.

In calculating the interest on the judgment of affirmance i the above-entitled cause, the clerk respectfully presents, at the instance of the respective counsel, the following different modes for the consideration of the court: * 1. Interest, at the rate of six per cent, on the judgmen of the Circuit Court, frum the 9th November, 1950, the daythe judgment was signed, to this date.

SUPREME COURT.

Mitchell v. Harmory.

2. Interest, from the 1st April, 1850, the first day of the term

at which the judgment was rendered, to this date.

- 3. Interest, at the rate of 7 per cent., from 9th November,

1850, to 26th February, 1851, (the date of the writ of error,)

and then at 6 per cent. on the aggregate, to this date.

4-. Interest, at the rate of 7 per cent., from 1st April, 1850, to

26th February, 1851, and then at 6 per cent. on the aggregate,

to this date.

The clerk feels bound to confine his calculations to the 18th

rule of the court, irrespective of the act of Congress of 23d

August, 1842.

Wi. THOMAS CARROLL, C. S. C. U. S.

"14th May, 1852.

$95,855.38 8,706.85
$104,562.23

Calculation No. 1.
Judgment of Circuit Court, U. S., for New York, signed 9th November, 1850.
Interest, at 6 per cent. per annum, from 9th November, 1850, to 14th May, 1852,- one year, six months, and five days.

Calculation No. 2.
1$95,855.38 Judgment of Circuit Court, U. S., for New York, rendered 1st April, 1850.
12,204.57 Interest, at 6 per cent. per annum, from 1st April, 1850, to 14th May, 1852, - two years, one
$108,0 5 9 .95 1 month, and fourteen days.

$95,855.38
1,994.35
97,849.73 7,139.51 $104,989.24

CalculationNo. 3.
Judgment of Circuit Court, U. S., for. New York, signed 9th November, 1850.
Interest, at 7 per cent. per annum, from 9th November, 1850, to 26th February, 1851, - three months and seventeen days.
Interest on this amount at 6 per cent. per annum, from 26th February, 1851, to 14th May, 1852, - one year, two months, and eighteen days.

$95,855.38 6,076.15
$101,931.5.3 7,440.99
$109,372.52

CalculationNo. 4.
Judgment of Circuit Court, U. S., for New York, rendered 1st April, 1850.
Interest, at 7 per cent. per annum, from 1st April, 1850, to 26th February, 1851,-ten months and twenty-six days.
Interest on this amount, at 6 per cent. per annum, from 26th February, 1851, to 14th May, 1852, -one year, two months, and eighteen days.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

149

Mitchell v. Harmony.

And Xr. Vinton having filed the following exceptions, namely : -

The defendant in error, M. X. Harmony, excepts to the

report of the clerk, touching the computation of interest on the above-named judgment of the Circuit Court, U. S., for the

Southern District of New York, in this, namely -

1st. That, by the act of Congress of the 23d of August,

1842, the said defendant in error is entitled to the same rate of

interest on said judgment (being 7 per cent.) as he would be

entitled to if said judgment had been rendered in a State

court of the State of New York; whereas, the said computa-

tion allows 6 per cent. only on said judgment. See 5 Statutes

at Large, 518.

2d. That the said interest ought to be computed, on said

judgment, from the 1st Monday in April, 1850, instead of from

the 9th of November of that year. See printed record, pages

19 and 20.

S. F. VINTON,

May 14, 1852.

For Defendant in Error.

And the said defendant in error, also, at the same time,

moves the court to open up the judgment of affirmance (rendered

in this court at its present term) of said judgment of said Circuit Court, touching the damages allowed in said judgment of

affirmance; and in lieu of 6 per cent. per annum, therein given

on said judgment below, to allow 7 per cent. per annum there-

in, to be computed from the

day of

1850, in

conformity to said act of Congress, of the 23d of August,

1842.

S. F. VINTON,

For Defendant in Error.

It is thereupon now here ordered by the court, that the said report and exceptions be set down for argument next Monday,
the 17th instant. The court declined to bear any argument on the motion of
,1r. Vinton,'and the exceptions filed by him to the clerk's report,
and took the same under advisement. On consideration of the motion made by I'Mr. Attorney-Gene-
ral Crittenden, on the 13th instant; of the report by the clerk, filed the 14th instant; of the exceptions to said report, by Mr.
Vinton, filed the same instant; and of the motion filed by Mr. Vinton, the 15th instant, it is the opinion of the court, that the first calculation, by the clerk in his report is the proper mode of calculating the damages given under the rule of court. Wherefore, it is now here ordered by the court, that the judgment entered, in this case, on the 12th instant, do stand as the
judgment of. this court.
13*

150

SUPREME COURT.

Buckingham et al. v. McLean.

Order.
,This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States, for the Southern District of New York, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs and damages, it the rate of six per centuam per annum.

JOHN S. BUCKINGHAM ANI.
NATHANIEL C. MCLAz.N,
MAHARD, JR.

MARK BUCKINGHIAm, APPELLANTS, V. ASSIGNEE IN BANKRUPTCY OF JOHN

Where a defehdant in error or an appellee wishes to have a case dismissed becaiso no citation has been served upon him, his counsel shotid give notice of the motion when his appearance is entered, or at the same term ; and also that his appearance is entered for that purpose. A general appearance is a waiver of the want of notice.
An appeal in equity brings up all the matters which were decided in the circuit court to the prejudice of the appellant; including a prior decree of that court from which
an appeal was then taken, but which appeal was dismissed under the rules of this
court.

BEFORE this case was reaehed upon the docket, a motion was made to dismiss it upon the ground that the appellee had not been served with a citation, and also upon another ground, 'which is stated in the following opinion of tie court as pronounced by Mr. Justice McLean.

Mr. Justice McLEAN. This is an appeal from the Circuit Court of the Ohio District,
and a motion is made to dismiss it on two grounds. 1. Because no-citation has been issued. 2. "Because the appeal is from the decree of 1848 .and inter-
locutory decrees, whereas all the matters contested by the appellants were finally adjudicated and decreed at the November term, 1846, from which decree an appeal was taken which was dismissed by this court, and no appeal has been since taken."
At November term, 1846, a decree was entered against the appellants. In January term, 1847, an appeal was prayed by them from that decree, which was granted, and bond was given. But the appellants failing to file the record and docket the cause
in this court, as required by the rules, it was, on motion of the appellee's counsel docketed and dismissed at December term, 1847. At the same term a motion was made to reinstate the
cause upon the dock-.t; which motion was overfuled.

518

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge 'Co. et al.

the libellants claim additional damages, for the injury and expenses sustained from the seizure and detention. It applies
only to- these additional damages; and, however strong the grounds of suspicion may have been, it is no bar to restitui-cGz,
if the claimant can show that the goods which he claims belon~ed to him, were neutral, and that nothing had been done that subjected them to capture aid condemnation.
The judgnient of the Circuit. Court must therefore ke reversed, and a mandate, awarded, directing the case to be temanded to the District Court, to be there proceeded in, according to the rules and principles stated in this opinion.
The appeal on the part of the respondent is dismissed. The decision upon the matter in controversy was in his fav6r,.and the question -of law decided against him on the first demurrer,
was open for argument upon the appeal of the libellants. There was no ground, therefore, for "thisappeal.

Order in Jecker et al. v. Mantgomer4.
This cause-came on to be heard on the transcript of the record Yrom the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county 6f Washington, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Court, for farther proceedings to be had therein, in conforniffy to the opinion of this court.
Order in MIontgomery v. .Tecker tt at.
.This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from" the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued- by 'counsel; on consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed, by this court, that this cause be, and the same is hereby, dismissed, with.costs.

THE STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA, COMPLAINANT, V. THE WHEELING AND BELMONT BRIDGE COMPANY,- WII]LIAM OTTERSON AND GEORGE CROFT.
The State of Pennsylvania having constructed lines of caaal and railroad, and other means of travel and transportation, which world be in uireidn their revenues by the obstruction in the River Ohio, created by a bridge at Wheeling, has a suffi. ciently direct interest to sustain en application to this court, in the exercise of ori*

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

519

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et &l.

ginal jurisdiction, for an injunction to remove the obstruction. The remedy at law
would be incomplete. It is admitted that the federal courts have no jurisdiction of common-law offences,
and that there is no abstract, pervading principle, of the common lw of the Union under which this court can take jurisdiction; and that the case under consideration is subject to the same rules of action as if the suit Jad been commenced in the Circuit Court for the District of Virginia. But chancery jurisdiction is conferred on the courts of the United States by the Constitution, under certain limitations ; and, under these limitations, the sages of the High Court of Chancery, in England, which have been adopted as rules by this court, furnish the chancery law which is exercised in all the States, and even in those where no State chancery system exists. Under this system, where relief can be given by the English chancery, similar relief may be given by the courts of the Union. An itdictment against a bridge, as a nuisance, by,the United States, could not be sustained; but a proceeding against it, on the ground of a private and irreparable
injury, may be sustained, at the instance of an individual or a corporation, either in the Federal or State courts.
In case of nuisance, if the obstruction be unlawful and the injury irreparable, by a suit at common law, the injured party may claim the extraordinary protection of a
court of chancery. The Ohio is a navigable stream, subject to the commercial power of Congress, which
has been exercised over it; and, if the act of Virginia authorized the structure of the bridge, so as to obstruct navigation, it would afford no justification to the bridge
company. Congress has sanctioned the compact made between Virginia and Kentucky, viz.,
"That the use and navigation of the River Ohio, so far as the territory of Virginia
or Kentucky is concerned, shall be free and common to the citizens of the United States." This compact is obligatory, and can be carried out by this court. Where there is a private injury from a public nuisance, a court of equity will interfere by injunction.
In this case, the bridge is a nuisance. This is shown by measuring the height of the bridge, and of~the water, and of the chimneys of the boats. The report of the
commissioner, appointed by this court to ascertain these facts, is equivalent to the verdict of a jury. The report of the commissioner adverted to and commented upon; the extent of injury sustained by the boats explained; and the importance shown of maintaining
the navigation of the river. If a structure be declared to be a nuisance, there is no room for a calculation and
comparison between the injuries and benefitl which it produces. Therefore, unless there be an elevation of the lowest parts of the bridge for three
hundred feet over the channel of the river-not less than one hundred and eleven
feet from the low-water mark, the flooring of tbe bridge descending fro-,a the termini of the elevation at the rate of four feet in the hundred-or some other plan shall be adopted which shall relieve the navigation from obstruction, on or before
the first of February next, - the bridge must be abated. (In consequence of the intimation above alluded to, viz., "that some other plan might
be adopted"than elevating the bridge, the court, at the request of the counsel for the Bridge Company, referred the matter to 'an engineer. After receiving his report,
the court decided as follows.) The Bridge Company may, upon their own responsibility, try whether the western
channel can be improved and made passable, by means of a draw, so as to afford a safe and unobstructed navigation for the largest class of boats, having chimneys eighty feet high, when they cannot pass under the suspension-bridge. Thig'is to
be done, if at all, before the first M onday of February next, on which day the
plaintiff may move the court on the subject of the decree.

T s was a case upon the equity - side of this court, in the exercis6'of originaljurisdiction.
It is noticed in 9 H ward, 64, and again in 11 Howard, 528. In 9 Howard, a statement is given of the contents ot the bill

520

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridga Co. et al.

and answer, and of the proceedings in the case, up to the' time of its reference to a commissioner, for the p, rpose of taking further proofs upon the points therein stated. The reader is refer-
red to that volume for these proceedings. In that report it is mentioned that a notice of the arguments
of counsel was deferred until the final decision of the case. That final decision having taken place at this term, it is proper
now to note ah briefly as possible the g? unds assumed by the re~petlve counsel.

The points made and authorities cited by the counsel for the plaintiff, were the following, viz.
1. That the Ohio River is a public highway of commerce,
which, under the Constitution of the United States, has. been regulated by Congress. - Journal of Congress, vol. 4, 637, 638; Ordinance of 1787, art. 4; Act of Congress admitting Kentucky, (1 Stat. at Large, 189) ; Virginia act of Assembly, 18 Dec. 1789, (Rev. Code, 1819, 57) ; Acts of Congress for enrolling and licensing ships or vessels to be employed in the coasting trade, and for regulating the same, (1 Stat. at Large, 305) ; Act of Congress authorizing duties to be paid at ports on the Ohio, (4 Stat. at Large, 480); Act of Congress to improve the navigation of the. Ohio River, (4 Stat. at Large, 32); Acts of Congress providing for inspection, &c., of steamboats, (5 Stat. at Large, 304) ; Cbmmittee Report No. 672, in the House of Representatives, 24th Congress; Report No. 993, 25th Congress, on a bridge at Wheeling; Report No. 79, 28th Congress, 1st session on a bridge at Wheeling; Peqlnsylvania Resolutions, vol. 29, (Pa. Laws, 487,) on a bridge at Wheeling; Pennsylvania Resolutions, vol. 31, (Pa. Laws, 591,) on the Wheelin'g Bridge; 42 Ohio
Laws, 269; Green v. Biddle, 8 Wheat, 1; Gordon's Digest 15, 27, 176, 191, 325, 343, 428; 2 ,Madison Papers, 599, 602, 606, 6g1n4i,a,62N3,ov6e2m7,be6r7,7;17R86e;solutions of Generel Assembly. of Vir-
Resolution offered by delegates from North Carolina, in Congress, September, 1788, relative to the navigation of the Mississippi, (Journal of Congress, 1788) ; Resolution of Congress, on the same subject, September, 1788, (Journal of Congress, 1788); 2 Madison Papers, 678; Act providing for sale of Public Land, (1 Stat. at Large, 464, sect. 6) ; Lyman's American Diplomacy, 300, 303, 310, 311, 315; Report on Com-
merce and Navigation, December 31, 1849. 2. That free navigation of the Ohio River, as a common high-
way, having been established by regulations of Congress, and by compact between the States, it cannot lawfiully be obstructed by force of any State authority or legislation.' Constitution of the United States, art. 1, sect. 8, clauses 2, 4, 17; sect. 9, clause 5.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

521

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

see. 10, clause 2; art. 6, 1st clause; Gibbons v. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 1; Brown v, State of Maryland, 12 Wheaton, 419; Wilson v. Blackbird Creek Marsh Co. 2 Peters, 245; Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge, 11 Peters, 540, 542, 604; Norris v. Boston, 7 Howard's United States Rep. 283; Groves v. Slaughter, 15 Peters, 506; Houston v. Moore, 5 Wheaton, 22; Worcester v. Georgia, 6 Peters, 515; Spooner v, McConnell, 1 McLean's Rep. 359; United States v. New Bedford Bridge, 1 Woodb. & Minot, 401, and authorities there cited; Corfield v. Coryell, 4 Wash. C. C. 379 ; Holmes v. Jennison, 14 Pet. 540 Livingstonf x. North R. S. B. Co. 3 Cow. 713.
3. That inasmuch as the Wheeling Bridge has been found by the commissioner's .eport to be, an obstruction to the free navigation of the Ohio River, it is a publi6 nuisance that may be abated by a court of equity on complaint of an injured party. Hargrave's Tract, De Jure Marts, 9, 22, 35, 87; 3 Thomas's Co. Lit. 4; 2 Story's Equity, sects. 920, 921, 924; Eden on Injunctions, 157, 158, 160, 161, 222, 228 ; Drewry on Injunctions, 237, 240, 249, 294; City of Georgetown v. Alexandria Canal Co.
12 Peters, 91; Blakemore v. Glamorganshire Canal Co. 1, Myl. & Keen, 164; 1 McLean, 359; 3 McLeau, 226; 1 Woodhury & Minot, 401 ; Shelford on Railways, 428, 445, and cases there cited; Robinson v. Lord Byron, 1 Bro. C. C. 588; Lane v. Neivdigate, 10 Vesey, 192; Spender v. London and Birmingham Railway Co. 1 Railway C. 170; Attorney-General v. Manchester Railway, 1 Railway C. 436; North of England Railway v. Clarence'Railway, 1 Coll. C. C. 521; Angell on Watercourses, 201, 208,209, 213; Attorney-General v. Burrildge, 10 Price, 360 ; Attorney-General v. Parmeter, Id.' 378 ; Attorney-General v. Johnson, 2 Wils. Ch. R. 87; Attorney-General v. Forbes, 2 Myl. & Craig, 039; Attorney-General v. The Cohoes"Co. 6 Paige, Ch.
133; Spencer v. The Railway Co. 8 Simons, 193; Corning v. Lowerre, 6 Johns. Ch. 439; Boston Water Power Co. v. Boston & W. Railroad, 16 Pick. 525; Barrow v. Richards, 8 Paige, Ch. 351; Livingston v. Mayor of N. York, 8 Wend. 99; Bush v. Warren, Prec. Ch. 530; 2 Story's Equity, p. 252; 2 Ans. 603; 2 Starkle's Rep. 448' United States Con§t. art. 3, sect. 1, 2; Walford on Railways, 408; Shelford on Railways, 430; 1 Rail-
way Cases, 68, 576; 2 Railway Cases, 380; 2 Younge & Coll. 611; Attorney-General v. Utica Ins. Co. 2 Johns. Ch. Rep.'379; 1 Baldwin, 205; 1 Swanston, 250; 1 Myhle & Keen, 164; 3 Howard's United States Rep. 229; Pennsylvania v. Wheeling
Bridge, before Judge Grier, Pamphlet Reports. 4. That for an injury to a State, she may maintain a suit in
a court of competent jurisdiction. King of France v. Morris,
44*

522

SJPREME COURT.

State of Pefinsylvania v. The Wheeling &d. Bridge Co. et al.

3 .Yeates, 251; King of Spain v. Oliver, Peters C. C. R. 276;
Nabob of The Carnatic v. East India Co. 1 Ves. Jr. 382; Don Diego v. Jolyfe, Hobart, 86; Colombian Government v. Roths-
child, 1 Sim. 94; Duke of Btunswick v. King of Hanover, 6 Beav. 1; Story's Equity Pl. sect. 55; Rhode Island v. Massachusetts, 12 Pet; 720; 4 How. 592; Vattel, book 3, chap. 6, sects. 22, 23, 49, 50, 60, 65, 71; Wheaton's International LhW, 81, 82; Lieber's Political Ethics, 2, 5, 48, book 2, 196; Whewell's Elements, 2, 5,,849; Mayor of New Orleans v. The United States, 10 Peters, 672; New Jersey v. Wilson, 7 Cranch, 164; United States Constitution, art. 3.
5. That the equitable powers of the Supreme Court of the
United States are adequate to grant relief against a public nuisance, and where a State is a party to the suit, that court has original jurisdiction. United States Const. art. 3, sects. 1, 2;
City of Georgetown v. Alexandria Canal, 12 Peters, 91 ; Story's Commentaries, 570; Federalist,-No. 80; Osborn v. Bank of United States, 9 Wheaton, 839; Bank of United States v. Planters Bank, 9 Wheat. 904.

The following extract contains the views of Mr. Stanton, one
of the counsel for the complainant. It is my desig to present, as briefly as I can, the grounds on
which the State of Pennsylvania prosecutes this suit and claims relief of this court. That purpose will be served by the discussion of a single proposition, which will embrace all the points
made, viz. That the Ohio River is a highway of commerce leading to
and from the ports of Pennsylvania, regulated by Congress, unlawfully obstructed by the Wheeling Bridge, to the injury of the State of Pennsylvania; and therefore thEot the bridge ought to
be abated by decree of this court at her suit. The first branch of this proposition, that the Ohio River is a
highway of commerce, will not be disputed; for it is a geographical and statistical fact recognized by every department of the government of which this court would take judicial notice; and by their answer the defendants admit tha; this highway is navigated in steamboats by citizens of the State of Pennsylvania,
and connects with her ports. The boundary of six States, its waters draining a large territory of four other States, flowing in a south-west direction from the Alleghany -Mountains to the Mississippi, presenting to the navigator a broad and placid stream one thousand miles in length, more free from dangers and obstructions than any other navigable river in the world, it is apparent that the regulation of this river would claim the

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

523

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

earnest attention of statesmen. Accordingly we find that when the possession of this river and the territory through which it flowed had been secured by independence and peace with Great
Britain, the sagacious statesmen of that day speedily turned their attention to' the regulation of the western rivers, and the commerce th.ey foresaw must soon flow along their course,
On the 12th day of May, 1786, on the motion of Mr. Grayson,
of Virginia, the following resolution was'adopted: "_Resolved, That the navigable waters leading into the IMis-
sissiplpi and St. Lawrunce, and the carrying-places between
the same, be, and they are hereby, declared to be common liighways, and be forever free, as well to the inhabitants of said ter-
ritory as to the citizens of the United States and those of any other States that may be admitted into the confederation, with.out any tax, impost, or duty therefor." Journal df Congress,
1786, p. 637. Soon after this, all questions as to the title of the territory
north-west of the Ohio being secured by compromise and cession of the claims of the several States, an ordinance for its regulation was adopted by Congress. This was the ordinance of 13th July, 1787, since become so famous in connection with another question. The 4th article, last clause, of this ordinance,. contains, a reg\atio'n in the same words as the resolution of Mr. Grayson. A similar condition has been imposed onthe admission into the Union of every State bordering upon these waters. It is denied
by the defendants that Virginia assented to this provision of the ordinance. But this car make no difference, for it is nevertheless a regulation of commerce by Congress, as has been decided by this courti (3 How. 229,) and at all events it overthrows the authority clained by these defendants under the legislation of
Ohio. In 1789, Virginia, being in possession of a large territory
north-east'of the Ohio, now constituting the State of Kentucky, deired to have it admitted into the Union as a separate and independent State. For this purpose, her General Assembly, on tfie 18th December, 1789, passed an act providing for its erection as an independent State upon certain terms and condi-'
tions, among which were the following:
"That the use and navigation of the River Ohio, so far as the territory of the proposed State, or the territory that shall remain within the limits of this Commonwealth lies thereon, shall be free and common to the citizens of the United States." Vir-
ginia Rev. Code, 1818, p. 59.
To this act the assent of Congress was given, (1 Stat. at Large, 64,) and it became-a compact between Virginia and the

524

SUPREME COUET.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

other States of the Union. Freedom being thus established by Congress and the concurrent action of Virginia, as the regulation of the river channel, its commerce was still further .regulated by the act of Congress of 1807, attaching the Ohio River to
the collection district of Mississippi, and appointing surveyors for the ports of Pittsburg, Marietta, Cincinnati, and Louisville. 1 Sfat. at Large, 464.
The growing commerce of this region in 1824 received further attention from the general government by a large, appropriation to improve the navigation of the Ohio River; and from that period until now annual appropriations have been made to im-
prove its navigation and remove obstructions. This commerce being carried on by steamboats, the regulation of these vessels in 1838 received the attention of Congress. The act of 7th of July, 1838, provided specially for their license and enrolment, for the appointment of an inspector of their boilers, engines, and machinery, prescribing the duties of the officers, and enforcing
severe penalties in case of injury to perso:s or property. 5 Stat. at Large, 304.
Thus it appears that the constitutional power of Congress to regulate commerce on the Ohio River, belonging exclusively-to that branch of the general government, has been fully exercised upon every subject susceptible of regulation. This pawer has been exerted upon the channel, and whatever passes through it
-upon the stream and upon its bed, upon the vessel, its navigator, and whatever it transports, upon its engine, machinery, cargo, passengers, officers, and crew; nay, that it has extended to the very subject now under consideration; and that Congress, by express and repeated action, has prohibited the erection of a bridge at Wheeling, I shall proceed now to show.
In 1836, petitions to Congress praying for the construction of a bridge at Wheeling were laid" be.ore that body. They
were backed by resolutions of the State of Ohio instructing her Senators and requesting her Representatives to use their exertions to obtain that object. Accompar.ying them were statements and representations of similar import to the grounds now urged in favor of the Wheeling Bridge. The importance of such structure.as a link connecting the disjointed fragments of the Cumberland Road,-the great advantage to commerce, and to the general governrqent in the time of war, of such facility for crossing the Ohio' River, - the obstructions of ice and driftwood and the evils of the ferry, - the inconvenience of delay in transporting the mails, -all these were held up in bold relief, and represented in glowing and exaggerated col6rs. Vith the petitions were presented various communications from Mr.

:DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

525

State" of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

Ellet, the engineer by whom this bridge has been erected, urging the necessity and practicability of the undertaking, and presenting plans for its accomplishment A favorable report was procured from the Committee on Roads and Canals, which undertook to answer the objection urged against bridging the Ohio.
From this report it appears that the main, and indeed the only important objection was that now insisted on by the State of Pennsylvania; the obstruction which sudh an erection would be likely to occasion to steamboats. In answer to this objection it was insisted then, as now, that high chimneys were unnecessary, and that the few boats likely to be obstructed might,
with proper machinery, accommodate themselves to the exigen-
cy, and that their convenience should yield to the public benefits of a bridge. But Congress thought otherwise, and the plan was-
rejected. House Reports, 1st sess. 24th Cong. No. 132.
At the next session of the same Congress the subject was again brought forward; the same plan prbposed; the same views presented; the same arguments urged. The project was again opposed in Congress on the ground of its injury to navigation, and, as is evident from the committee's report, was on that ground alone defeated. House Reports, 2d sess, 24th Cong.
672.
Still insisting upon a bridge at Wheeling, the 25th Congress,
had the subject presented in a report of the Committee on Roads and Canals, on the 27th of June, 1838. In the mean thn an exploration and survey had been made, under the direction of the War Department, by Messrs. Sanders and Dutton, two skil-, ful and distinguished engineers in the government service.
They presented a plan for a suspension bridge across the Ohio
River, having for its basis a strict regard to the rights of navigation, and providing that no obstruction should be offered to the passage of the highest steamboat chimney on the highest floods. Their plan proposed a space of five hundred feet in widih and the height of the highest chimney then known; and, in order to providefor any change or improvement in steamboats, the floor of the bridge was to be movable so as to allow the passage of boats. Report of Messrs. Sanders and Dutton, House Docu-
ments, 25th Congress, June, 1838, No. 993. The cost was esti-
mated at $400,000. A plan by Mr. Ellet was also submitted for a bridge, the same elevation, seven hundred feet in width. But the same objections being urged, were found to be insuperable, and the plan was rejected.
It is further to be remarked that among the documents of this session was a surrender by the city of Wheeling of its streets
for the purposes of a bridge, and by Zane of any portion of

SUPREME COURT.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.
the island for purposes of embankment. And yet an excuse now given for not erecting the bridge higher is the alleged damage to the streets, and the amount Zane would charge for embankment on the island, which is set down at the moderate estimate of $20,000. These rights were then freely granted for thebridge; and it was not until a later day that the cheap expddient was resorted to of saving private property by the encroachoment on public rights on a navigable river.
In Decefnber, 1843, another series of resolutions was procured from the Ohio legislature, and, armed therewith, those interested in making Wheeling the head of navigaticn, again appeared before Congress. But Pennsylvania had become awakened to her interests2 and the danget becoming imminent, she instructed her senator& and representatives to oppose the, erection of the proposed bridge across the Ohio. Her resolutions pointed to the specific objections now urged: - The obstruction to the free use of the Ohio River; the injury to commerce, trade, and manufa~ctures, building of ships, war-steamers, and other vessels, by placing a barrier in the passage to the Gulf; the interfering with steamboats, in high water, trading with the Western and Southern States; and claimed the rise of thd .Ohio'Rivef as a great thoroughfare. They were in these words:
"Whereas, application has been made to Congress of the United States for an appropriation to aid in the erection of a bridge dcr6ss the Ohio River at Wheeling, Virginia, the construction of which might materially obstruct the free use and navigation of said river above that point, and injuriously affect the commerce of the city of Pittsburg and all that district of Pennsylvania lying west of the Alleghany Mountains, by arresting the building of war-steajmers and other vessels of the great western manufacturing and commercial emporium of this State, by placing a barrier to th~ir passage to the Gulf of Mexico, besides seriously interfering with the free navigation of the Ohio River by steamboats and other vessels engaged in the trade of the Western and Southern States during high stages of water: Therefore,
"1Resolvedb, y the Senate and House of Representatives of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, in General Assembly met, That our Senators in Congress are hereby instructed, and our Representatives requested, to vote against any appropriation by the national legislature to the object above stated, and oppose every proposition for the erection of a bridge at Wheelin'g or at any other point on.the Ohio River, or any project that would result in increasing the obstacles already existing to the free navigation and use of that great thoroughfare of this Commonwealth.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

5267

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al..

".Resolved, That the Governor be requested to transmit a

copy of the foregoing preamble and resolution to each member

of the Pennsylvania delegation in Congress. "JA-Eqvs Ross SNOWDEN, Speaker of the House of Rep. " WILLIAmr BIGLER, Speaker of the Senate.

"Approved 26th January, 1844.

DAvID R. PORTER."

These resolutions were immediately laid before Congress, and referred in the House to the Committee on Roads and Canals, on which was Mr. Steenrod, a member from Wheeling. House
Doe. 28 Cong. No. 79. Here, then, the question was brought before Congress in the
most solemn and imposing form. Two sovereign States appeared at the bar of Congress, one urging and the other oppos-
ing the bridge. At this crisis a bill had already been reported by that com-
mittee making an appropriation for a bridge at Wheeling, and containing this clause, "that the bridge shall be so constructed as to admit at all times, without obstruction or delay, of the safe and easy passage of steamboats of the largest dimen-
sions."
On ;the twenty-ninth day of January Mr. Steenrod presented a report, not contesting the rights of Pennsylvania, nor the
injury she must suffer from an obstruction at Wheeling, but claiming that a bridge could be erected across the Ohio, at Wheefiik without obstructing the use and navigation of the river according to the provisions of !he bill. With this report was submitted a plan by Mr.Ellet for such a bridge, stating that he had, since the date of his former plan, examined the localities, and " would recommend a radical change of plan for the Wheeling Bridge, and leave the river entirely unobstructed." House Rep. 28 Cong. No. 79.
It appears, moreover, that the plan proposed was in some respects similar to that afterwards adopted and executed by the same engineer. It was a single span across the river, at an elevation of ninety feet above low water. But it was not then disclosed that such elevation was to be only for one hundred feet in width; that the channel was to be cut across by an inclined plane so as to obstruct a public navigable river. The specific objection was then urged as now, that ninety feet above low water would not admit the passage of steamboats with tall chimneys. It was then answered as it is now, that such height was unnecessary, that few boats only used- such chimneys, that they ought to be provided with hinges and machinery for lowering; that detention would be only for a short space;
that the river was impassable by reason of ice; that the mails

528

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

were delayed, and, in short, every possible argument that has been, qr can be, presented in favor of this bridge was, in a report by the member from that district, pressed upon Congress. It was all to no purpose. The rights of Pennsylvania, and her ,interests of navigation, were deemed paramount, and the constitutional obligation to preserve the Ohio River as a free and
common highway was held to be inviolable. Now, the regulation of commerce consists as much in nega-
tive as positive action. Mr. Justice McLean, Passenger Cases, 7 Howard, 399.
Supposing, therefore, the Ohio River to be exclusively within the territory 'of Virginia, on bbth banks, and from its head to its mouth, and that he might authorize bridges over it, yet that power is subordinate to the constitutional authority of Congress over commerce. And if Congress, in the exercise of its power, has madifested a negative policy hostile to bridges over the Ohio, any confficting exercise of SEtate authority would be void. And yet, in their answer, this hostile policy of Congress is the confessed motive for procuring their charter from
the State of Virginia: Nay, more, its purpose is admitted to be that which the power granted to Congress by the 3d clause, 8th article, of the Constitution was especially intended to prevent, the acquisition by States, for their citizens, of commer-
cial advantages by separate legislation. # "The addition of territory and of settlement on the Pacific
Ocean, and the increasing population and commerce of that coast, have recently given new importance to the subject; the change in federal policy and legislation qs to bridges and other works of internal improvement has made it incumbent upon the States, by -separate legislation, to consult and prcmote their own and the general welfare and prosperity." Original Answer, p. 24.
The defendants' allusion to the Pacific settlements and com-
merce is of deep significance, and indicates the result to be expected, if States may thwart and override the constitutional provision, and by separate legislation consult their own and the general welfare. It has been well remarked, that in such event,
the Constitution would be a rope of sand. It is' manifest, therefore, that the only constitutional power
that could in any event authorize this bridge had been invoked, and that by its negative action, potentially as by express enactment, this structure.-was prohibited.
Commerce, on the Ohio, being thus regulated by Congress, and that regulation including all the subjects of navigation, its vehicle, and thoge engaged in its management, it follows that any act or erection, in any way affecting the subjects thus regulated, .whether by individuals or State governments, is unlawful.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

529

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

In the great case of Gibbons v. Ogden, (9 "Wheaton, 1,) this

court decided that the power to regulate commerce included

navigation, and when exercised by that body, any conflicting

State regulation, no matter for what purpose or extent adopted, was void. In the subsequent case of Wilson v. The Blackbird

Creek Marsh Company, (2 Peters, 245,) it was held that any

exercise of this power by Congress excluded and controlled all

State action.

Subsequent cases have illustrated these principles, applying

them to all action, direct, or indirect, of individuals or States in-

terfering with congressional regulations of foreign and domestic, commerce. In the passenger cases, Norris v. Bostofi, and Smith

v. Turner, (Pamph. Rep. p. 85,) Chief Justice Taney remarks: "It

has always been admitted, in the discussion upon this clause of

the Constitution, (art. 8, sect.*3,) that the power to regulate

commerce includes navigation, and ships, and crews, because

they are the ordinary means of commercial intercourse." In the

same cases, Mr. Justice Daniel observes: "The power to regu-

late commerce, includes the regulation of the vessel, as well as

the cargo, and the manner of using the vessel in that com-

merce." Id. p. 131.

In those casez the following propositions were among others

maintained:

" That the power to regulate commerce, foreign and between

the States, was vested exclusively in Congress." Mr. Justice

McLean, 7 Howard, 400. . " That the power in Congress to regulate commerce with

foreign nations, and among the several States, includes naviga-

tion upon the high seas, and in the bays, harbors, lakes, and

navigable waters within the United States, and any law by a

State, in any way affecting the right of navigation, or subject-

ing the exercise of the right to a condition, is contrary to the

aforesaid grant." Mr. Justice Wayne, Id. 414.

"That" Congress has regulated commerce, and intercourse with foreign nations, and between the several States, by willing

that it shall be free, aud it is, therefore, not left to the direction

of each State in the Union, either to refuse a right of passage to

persons or property through her territory, or to exact a duty for permission to exercise it." Mr. Justice Catron and Mr. Justice

Grier, Id. 464.

The principle of these decisions has been illustrated and en-

forced by a long series of cases, cited in the brief, and to which

it is sufficient for me to refer. See cases cited in brief. Hence

it follows that the bridge, erected by the defendants d&er the

channel of the Ohio River, if it obstructs, interferes with, or in

anywise regulates navigation, is an unlawful obstruction, no

VOL. XIU.

45

SUPREME COURT.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.
matter by what charter or State enactments it may be authorized or sanctioned. I proceed to demonstrate that it does ob.' struct navigation, and conflicts with every regulation prescribed by Congress for that river.
At Wheeling, the channel between Zane's Island and the main Virginia shore is one thousand and ten feet wide. Through this strait, fifty millions in va.ue of property, and over three hundred thousand passengers are accustomed to pass safely and without impediment, in steamboats to and from Pittsburg. Through it, the rice, cotton, and sugar of the Southern States, the bacon, flour, tobacco, and various products of the Western States, the furs, peltries, minerals, and products of the North-western region are transported ta an Eastern market; and by the same channel foreign and domestic merchandise and manufactures find their way to their millions of consumers in that vast region. Baffled in the project of diverting this commerce from Pittsburg, by making Wheeling the head of navigation, under the sanction of Congress, resort was had to State authority, where Pennsylvania had no voice and where her remonstrance could not be heard.
On the 19th of March, 1847, a charter for the erection of a wire suspension-bridge was obtained from the General Assembly of -Virginia, under color of which, but in violation of the most important of its express provisions, the defendants proceeded to erect their bridge, in the manner represented in the diagram now exhibited to the court.
An inspection of that diagram exhibits 1;he fact that the onix maferial variation between the bridge erected, and that proposed to and rejected by Congress, in 1844, consists -in a particular, whereby nine hundred feet of the river channel is wholly cut off for purposes of navigation. . When the engineer, by whom this- structure was erected, proposed to throw a single span across the channel, ninety feet above low water, no one could have imagined that elevation applied to only one hundred, feet in width of the water's surface, and that by an inclined plane stretching across the channel the residue was to be cut off. And yet such is this erection. The highest point in the bridge above low-water level is ninety-two feet one and a half inches: from that point it deflects four feet in every hundred, being at the western abutment only sixty-two feet above thatlevel. Taking the highest point as a centre of the highest space, one hundred feet wide, it is at its extremities only ninety feet
above water., This elevation, moreover, is above the low-water level of the
Ohio, viz. eighteen inches in the channel. But this level exists for a short season only of the year, the height of water varying forty-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851..

531

State oF Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

five feet between the extremes of high and low-water mark. The tables in the record exhibit the height of water at Wheeling, each day, for the period of the last ten years. From them we
gather -
1st. That the usual Spring and Fall floods, in March and December, attain the height of thirty-eight feet.
2d. That floods, ranging from twenty to thirty-eight feet, have occurred in the months of January, February, March, April, May, June, July, November, and December, nine several months
in the year.
3d. That the duration of these floods varies from two to ten
days. Regard to those facts has always been deemed of vital im-
portance in the consideration of bridging navigable -waters. Thus the wire suspension-bridge over the Menai Straits, swings clear one hundred feet above high water; the Tweed Bridge is the same elevation; the Freyburg Bridge spans the channel at an elevation of one hundred. and twenty-seVen feet above high water, (Sanders's Report); and on a late occasion of erecting a railway-bridge over the IMenai Straits, the Lords of Admiralty required the structure to be one hundred feet above high water,
the whole width (2,800 feet) of the channel. Quarterly Review, October, 1849. Stern adherence to this requisition led to the most brilliant achievement of science since the days of Sir Isaac Newton. While the Conway Tubular-Bridge will stand as a monu-
ment of genius, overcoming natural obstacles to accommodatenavigation, the Wheeling Bridge hangs an obstruction to navigation, copied, by its engineer, from the miserable expedient of a
South American Indian, its original inventor.. With utter disregard to the principles of science and the exi-
gencies of commerce, low-water level is taken as the basis of
elevation for the Wheeling Bridge, and upon usual floods only a space one hundred feet in width by fifty in height is allowed for the passage of vessels ascending and descending the Ohio River- through that space the commerce of the most navigable river in the world is compelled to stoop and dodge in high
floods.
The extent of departure from the principles of art, the engagements of the parties, and the obligations of law, will be seen in
the following considerations: 1st. It is an ordinary wire susp-ension-bridge, which, over a
channel like the Ohio, is condemned by one of the most dis. tinguishfd engineers of this country, whose 6pinion, from his official employment as superintendent of the improvements of navigation on the Western waters, is entitled to great weight.
"I have no hesitation in giving the opinion that ordinary

SUPReME COUET.
State of Pennsylvania v.' Thi3 Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.
wire suspension-bridges are not well adapted to the bridging of the Ohio; and in view of the excessive ranges, from extreme low to extreme high water, ranging as tLey do, from thirty-five to sixty-five feet at different points, 1 am persuaded that none but truss-frame bridges, with suitable diraws at one or both extremities, or at suitable intermediate points, are properly adapted to bridging the Ohio. Hence, I am decidedly of opinion that wire suspension-bridges are neither expedient nor applicable in bridging the Ohio, or any other of the main navigable -rivers of the West, liable as they all are to excessive changes in the elevation of their surfaces and the depth of their flobds." Col. Long's Deposition, pp. 139, 140.
2d. It is an inclined plane thrown across a swift stream of" ever-varying surface, the current setting w3st towards the lowest point of the bridge, rocks fringing the highest point on the east, with nothing to mark the depth below, or the space above the surface, no two points at the same level, and nothing to guide the navigator in the perils that thus beset-him. This inclined plane is placed so low as on spring floods to leave a clear headway of only fifty feet by one hundred in a natural channel one thousand and ten feet wide, over the whaole of which vessels have hitherto been accustomed at all hours, in all weather, to pass sgely, but where now the obscurity of fog and darkness, the force of the current, or accident in the complicated machinery of a steamboat, expese it to shipwreck.
3d. It not only forbids all advance or irirovement in the size and dimensions of vessels, but forces them back ten years, making the dimensions of the Louisville Bridge and the condi-' tion imposed by the falls of the Ohio, tae'standard of steamboat architecture and navigation.
Thai in these respects,.also, such a bridge is against all example and rule, I shall now proceed to show, by the highest authority in the science of engineering.
,4Among the consideratious that should- be held up to view, in throwing bridges across the Ohio, it may be stated that the' bridge shall offer no serious obstruction to the navigation of the
river, by steamboats or other craft, according to existing peculiarities of such boats or craft, and'to sound considerations of probable improvement in the size and character of such boats and craft." CoL. J. J. Abert, Chief of Top. Bureau, Record, p. 124.
"In selecting a plan for a bridge over the east branch, (of the Ohio at Wheeling,) full regard must be had to the interests of the navigation of the Ohio, which require that the bridge should offer no-obstruction to the passage of steamboats or other craft, which run or may hereafter navigate that river." Report on

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

533

State of 3 ennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge C4p. et al.

Wheeling Bridge to the War DeparL by Lieuts. Sanders and Dutton, House Rep. 25 Cong. 1 Sess. No. 903.
"The bridge shall be so constructed as to admit, at all times, without obstruction or delay, of the safe and easy passage of steamboats bf the largest dimensions." Bill making an appropriation for a bridge at Wheeling; reported by the Committea 6n-Roads and Canalg. House Report, 28 Cong. 1st' Session, No. 79.
Telford's Wire Suspension-Bridge, over the Menai Straits, leaves a., cldar level water-way five hundred- feet wide. The Freyburg Bridge leaves a clear water-way eight hundred feet wide. Ellet's Letter, House Rep. 24 Cong. No. 672.
The English Lords of Admiralty required the Conway Bridge to give a clear water-way one hundred feet above high water over the whole width of the channel 2,800 feet. Oct. Quarterly
ReView, 1849, p. 218. In his first plan for a bridge at Wheeling, submitted to Congress, Mi. Ellet proposed a clear water-way 700 fRet wide. House Rep. 24 Cong. No; 672. In his last plan, he proposed a clear water-way over the whole width of the channel, and to leave the river entirely unobstructed. ,llet's Letter, Deo 291 1840 House Rep. 28th Congress, 1st Session, No. 79.
Influenced, doubtless, by these ruies and examples, the Virginia Legislature pro-ided in the charter of this bridge:
"If the said bridge, mentioned in the eighth section of this
act, shall be so erected as to obstruct the navigation of the Ohio Riv _r, in the usual manner of such steamboats and other crafts as ate now commonly accustomed to navigate the same, when the river shall be as high as the highest floods heretofore known, then, unless, upon such obstruction being found to exist, such obstruction shall be immediately removed or remedied, the said last-mentioned bidge may be treated as a public nuisance, and abated accordingly."
When- this charter was -accepted the defendants -and their engineer thereby admitted the propriety of its requisitions, and engaged to comply with them. It was a part of their contract, with which they "vere bound to comply. Agar v. Regent's Canal, Coop. 77,; Blackmore v. Glamorganshire Canal, 1 Myl. &,K. 164. In .total disregard of all this, the defendants have eregted their bridge on the novel plan of their engineer- undertaking to divide inconveniences with commerce on a public river, imposing expanse, danger, and delay, razeeing its vessels and averaging its flood.
"It is fair to malfe a division of thes4 inconveniences, and I
would therefore provideofor a passage of fifty feet, and a fl'ood of thirty-five, and, if-occasion should require it, allow one or two
45

534

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

of these boats to lie by for a few hours." Ellet's Letter, House Reports, 28th, Congress, No. 79, p. 4.
Vessels navigating the Ohio are propelled by the agency of wind or steam, and with the dimensions of the bridge or channel thus ascertained, it remains only to eximine the result upon
these vessels. At a single glance it .is apparent that ships and sea-going ves-
sels, requiffng; as they do, over twelve feet draught and ninety
feet above the water, are wholly excluded from navigating the Ohio above Wheeling. By the evidence, it is shown, that from the port of Pittsburg, ships have been cleared for foreign ports,
den with domestic products. Revenue and war essels have been constructed there for the general government, and a large aisndspprirnogspinegroups . buTsihneesbsrindgsehiapt-bWuihldeienlgingandnencaesvsaalrialyrchinitveocltu'rees

the total destruction of this business, and the exclusion of such vessels and their commerce from the ports of Pennsylvania.
Upon steam-vessels the exclusion operates with but little less injury.
The diagrams no-w exhibited to the court represent the figure and dimensions of the Ohio steam-vessels. Two classes are spoken of. The first being large and-s-wift packets plying between Pittsburg and Cincinnati. The second class comprising transient vessels and those'which, in the course of their business, pass through the Louisville Canal.
The first class average in length two hundred and thirty feet; they are over fifty feet wide; their pilot-house stands forty-' eight feet above the surface of the water, and they require for free passage upwards of seventy feet space. It is apparent, then, that to the passage of these vessels the bridge offers a total obstruction whenever the water exceeds twenty feet in height. And this, it has already been shown, is liable to occur in nine several months of the year, and continue from .two to ten days at a time. Four times, since this court commenced its session, they have been obstructed. The second class, of boats are one hundred and eighty feet in length, forty-nine feet wide, with pilot house forty-seven. feet above-thwafieru, and chimfneys over
sixty feet high' Upon the Spring and Fall floods, rangirg from thirty to thirty-
eight feet, the passage of these boats will also be prevented. It is said this class are provided with machinery for lowering a portion of their chimneys. And so they are; but the proof exhibits that this machinery has been resorted to as. an expedient in order to avoid the obstruction of the Ohio .falls, by passing through the canal at Louisville. And it is insisted by these defendants that all boats passingto and from Pittsburg, shall be subject to

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

53&

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

the same condition; imposing upon navigation between Wheel. ing and Pittsburg the .disadvantages of a great natural obstacle
like the falls of Louisville. Different opinions have been expressed by witnesses on the
subject of lowering chimneys. A few observations in connection with the-draughts now beford the court, will here be made.
Two plans of lowerin'g are described. By the first, a few joints of chimney at the top, turning on a hinge, are lowered sufficiently to pass through the Louisville Bridge. But this mode is confined, as evidently it must be, to cases where a short piece of small diameter and light weight is to be lowered. Yet, even
in these cases, it is spoken of as being a troublesome, expensive, and dangerous duty. Hinges have broken and chimneys fallen and crushed the decks; officers and men on the deck are exposed to danger at night in windy and stormy weather. The packet chimneys, weighing from 2500 to 3000 pounds, and five feet in diameter, require a different management. For lowering these, the only mode suggested is by the use of hinges at the hurricane deck. Let us consider, then, the condition of one of these packets in effecting its passage on high water.
Through the Louisville Canal, boats pass slowly with steam
and fire down, with no opposing currents 'and no skill required to direct their course. The whole force, skill and attention of officers and crew, may there be devoted to lowering the chimneys. But boats descend the Ohio River at the rate of from fifteen to twenty miles per hour, and upon a current running between Zane's Island and the. Virginia shore at the rate of five to eight miles an hour, which shortly above the bridge, sets strongly out from the main shore to the island, thus inclining boats to the
lower part of the bridge. See depositions of Duval and others.
The boats, moreover, usually arrive at the bridge in the night season. When, therefore, their chimneys are to be lowered, supposing it even possible by mechanical contrivances and skill, the task is to be accomplished under the most formidable dangers. Upon a slippery deck, over boilers of steam and a fiery furnace, contending with wind and current, the boat must be guided through a narrow space of one hundred feet in width, while huge
chimneys, three tons in weight, are to be lowered to the deck. It is plain that any accident, under these circumstances, involves
hazard and destruction to life and property, exposing officers, passengers, and crew to disaster and death in the most appalling form. Numerous instances of casualties are spoken of by the witnesses, that have happened on the small boats passing bridges on the Monongahela and in the Louisville Canal. What, then, is 'to be apprehended at the Wheeling Bridge' on the Ohio River,
if the packets are to be subjected to such condition? Upon the

S36

SUPREME COURT.

Statg of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

evidence in this case, there is no room to doubt the consequences
that must ensue. With these general observations, I proceed to examine the
evidence in detail. In the origina) answer it is admitted that there are boats that cannot pass the bridge. The first supple.
mental answer admits that there are six boats, the owners of
which refuse to remodel their chimneys, sD as to enable them, in case of a freshet, to pass under the bridge. In their memorial of January 1st, 1849," calling upon the legislature of the State so to amend their charter, as to sanction by ].aw the height fixed by
the board of managers," it is admitted that on a rise of thirty feet, a few of the larger class of boats "vwill be compelled" to lower their chimneys. On a rise of twenty-five feet, still fewer boats will be compelled to do so. On a flood of twenty feet,
from five to six boats "will be required to lower their chimneys." It is also confessed that the requisition imposes "little trouble" and a " small -additional expense."
The fact being thus confessed by the defendants, 'that the
bridge will arrest the passage of boats, impose the condition of "remodelling their chimneys,", exact the duty of lowering. them
in order to pass, and incur by this requisition trouble and expense,
the rigTht comes in question. That no state could grant authority so to interfere with vessels,
regulated and licensed pursuant to the acts of Congress, and navigating a river over which Congress had extended its pro-
tection as to boats, commerce,. and bridges, has already been shown. That Virginia neither assumed nor delegated suci
authority by their charter, appears from its terms. That the defendants knew they had no lawful authoxity, is proved by their calling on the legislature to amend their charter and sanction by law the height of their bridge.
But several grounds of justification, or rathicr excuse, are urged.
That the only boats obstructed by the bridge, have unusually high chimneys, and "belong toPittsburg, the rival of Wheeling in commerce and manufactures." That the height of steamboat chimneys has been increased since the date of the bridge charter. That the boats obstructed are few in number That the obstruction seldom happens, and only for short periods. That the height of the qhimney is unnecessary, or if necessary, may be lowered to pass the bridge.
To each of these pointi of defence, the evidence furnishes a
specific and conclusive answer. , (Mr. Stanton then entered into a critieal examination of the
evidence and proceeded.) Without Piursuing this branch of the subject further, it is evi-
dent that a more serious obstruction -to the navigation of the

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

-537

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

Ohio, by steam-vessels as well as ships, could not have been
devised by the art of man. And, upon the authorities already adduced, it is manifest that the charter under which the defend-
ants claim, if it authorized such erection, being a State enactment, which, in its operation, prescribes regulations fcr commerce
conflicting with those of Congress, such charter is against the
Constitution of the United States, and is absolutely void. And all considerations, as to the practicability of changing and adapting the structure and machinery of steamboats, so as to pass 'the bridge, are wholly unavailing to the defendants, for
Congress, having regulated these vessels, appointed an inspectpr, prescribed their machinery, and the duties of officers and crew, and granted them a license to navigate the river, no individual nor State has any authority to, require a change of such machinery, nor impose the performance of any duty, nor for a single moment direct or arrest their course ; and hence it follows
that as this is undertaken and accomplished by the Wheeling
Bridge, it is an unlawful obstruction of navigation on the Ohio
River.
The injury resulting to the State of Pennsylvania from this unlawful obstruction is of the utmost magnitude. Occupying a central position, resting eastward on the Atlantic, north on the Lakes, flanking on the Ohio, by it she is conncted with the Gulf and the vast regions of the West and South. She thus enjoys
a position for foreign and domestic commerce more favorable than any other in the Union. From the earliest period these advantages were cultivated, she became a navigating State; the energies and enterprise of her people were devoted to Aavigation
and commerce. By her own canals connecting -the lakes and the Atlantic with the Ohio, she* possesses channels for water transportation, more important than can be possessed by any State on the continent. By steamboats navigating the Ohio she has intercourse with all the States lying west and south of her; and, by the same highway, commerce with foreign nations,
passing through the Gulf and the vTstibsippi, reaches her g.tes, to be transported eastward through the channels she has opened.
Across this thoroughfare, within fifty miles of her border, the Wheeling Bridge interposes its barrier. By it her communica-
tion with New Orleans, St. Louis, Cincinnati, and all the region west and south of her, is intercepted, and the commerce flowing between them and her public works is interrupted, exposed to danger, delay, and is at times wholly cut offi The admission by defendants, that obstruction of the Ohio River, from any cause,
would injuriously affect her public works, is evidently true; and equally plain is it that such obstruction must injuriously affect every interest that a State can possess, or that she is bound to

5388

SThU'REME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et'al.

cherish and defend. This injury may be considered in respect, 1st. To the persons and p-operty of her citizens. 2d. To her sovereignty and eminent domain.
3d. To her ports. 4th. To the revenue of her public works. (We must pass over the discussion of the first three of these points, and proceed to the last.)
To the public works of Pennsylvania, the injury occasioned by this obstruction is deep and lasting. The products of the South and West, and of the Pacific coast, are brought in steamboats along the Ohio to the western end of her canals at Pitsburg, thence to be transported through them to Philadelphia, for an eastern and foreign market. Foreign merchandise and eastern manufactures, received at Philadelphia, are transported by
the same channel to Pittsburg, thence to be carried south and west, to their destination, in steambqats along the Ohio. If 'these vessels and their commerce are liable to be stopped within a short distance as they approach the caneis, and subject to ex-
pense, delay, and danger, to reach them, the same consequences to ensue on their voyage departing, the 7alue of these works must be destroyed. ' This result is confessed by the defendants to be a necessary consequence of obstruction to the Ohio River from any cause.
"They have no doubt that the navigation of the Ohio River
is important to the works above referred to, and that the value thereof would be affected injuriously, if from any cause the pas-.
sage of steamboats from the city of Pittsburg downwards, were obstructed or impeded." 2d Supplemental Answer, Record, p.42.
That the passage of steamboats to and from Pittsburg is ob-
structed and impeddd by the Wheeling :Bridge, has also been' shown by the admissions already quoted.
· Six boats, the owners of which refuse to remodel their
chimneys so as to enable them, in case of a freshet, to pass under the bridge, belong to Pittsburg, the iival of Wheeling in commerce and manufactures." Supplemental Answer, Record, p. 44:
"A few of the larger class of boats at such a stage (thirty feet) of water, will be compelled to lower their chimneys." Mem. to Virginia Legislature, Record, p. 56.
It has been seen that the six boats referred to are the carriers between Pittsburg and Cincinnati, of three fourths of the trade and travel transported by the Pennsylvania Canal.
The large class spoken of, are the carriers from New Orleans and St, Louis. Too large for the canal, these boats can reach Pittsburg and depart only on high water. Too large for the bridge, they can pass Wheeling only on low water. They.are
thus excluded from Pittsburg by a natural obstruction at Louis-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

539

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

vile, one portion of the year, and for the remainder by an artificial obstruction at Wheeling. To surmount both obstructions the same condition is imposed-" compelled to- lower their chimneys."
By their own confession, then, the defendants, with their cables stretched over the c-annel, produce the same result as if rocks were sunk in its bed. Between the Pennsylvania Canal and Louisville, a digtance of 'seven hundred miles, no obstruction has hitherto existed. Between Pittsburg and Cincinnati, with which, one half of her commerce is transacted, this artificial obstruction, equal to the Louisville falls, is placed within fifty miles of her borders, interposing between her ports and every other to which her commerce extends. Nay, more- to remove obstructions in the Ohio, Congress, at the solicitation of the Pennsylvania Legislature, has appropriated many millions of dollars, (4 U. S. Stat. 32,) dnd within twelve months before this bridge was commenced, one hundred and thirty thousfind two hundred dollars were expended for that purpose between Wheeling and Pittsburg. Col. Albert's Deposition, p. 126.
Thus it appears that while Congress has. been expending the public money in improving navigation, the defendants have spent their own in obstructing it, with much more effectual purpose.
From the admissions of the defendants as to the obstruction created by their bridge, and its injury to the property of Pennsylvania, attention may now be turned to the other evidence on the same subject.
Report of the Board of Canal Cormmiisioners.
" The board fully concur in the views expressed by the collector as to the injurious effects which the construotion of the bridge at Wheeling must necessarily produce upon the revenues of the Commonwealth, derived from the main line of her piiblic works. If the representation be true that the bridge referred to prevents the passage of the large class of steamboats, which can only run in times of high water, then the State ought to take every legal step to procure the removal of the obstruction. It is unnecessary for the board to present to the Senate any argument to prove that such an impediment to the free navigation of the Ohio will materially affect the interests of Pennsylvania." Record, p. 421.
Report of the State Treasurer.
"1It becomes my duty to call your attention to the bridge lately constructed across the River Ohio at Wheeling; threatening, as it does, to interfere with the business and enterprise of Pittsburg, whose commercial prosperity is so essential to the productiveness

SUPREME COURT.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.
of our main line of canal. Should the price of freights to and from Pittsburg, by the river, be enhanced in the smallest degree by destroying the competition between the large and small boats, it will result injuriously to the business of the canal, and prejudicial to the enterprise of a city -whose manufacturing wealth and commerce are too valuable to Lhe State to be jeopardized." State Treasurer's Annual Report, p. 12.
"Annual receipts of main line, $1,238,720.05." Id. p. 50. The views thus expressed by the public officers of Pennsylvania and of the general government, are sustained by the knowledge and experience of business men. (Mr. Stanton ,proceeded to comment on other testimony, and then contended that the bridge might have been constructed so as not to obstruct navigation. He then examined the value of the bridge as a means of transit from shore to shore, and afterwards the right of, the State to sue in her corporate capacity, for injuries operating immediately upon the persons, property, and business, of the citizens of Pennsylvania; and also for those which operate directly upon the State.) The right to relief at her own suit being shown, its form remains to be mentioned. Abatement by injunction is prayed. And for these reasons: Abatement is a remedy which the law allows persons injured by a nuisance to administer for the'r own relief; but to avoid the strife and contention that thence might ensue, courts of equity have assumed jurisdiction to administer that specific remedy. The grounds of equitable jurisdiction fcr abatement by injunction, are precisely those occupied herein by'the State. "The ground," says Mr. Justice Story, "for this jurisdiction in cases of'purpresture, as well as nuisance, undoubtedly is their ability to give a more complete and perfect remedy than is llowable at law, in order to prevent irreparable mischief, and also to suppress oppressive and vexatious litigation. In the, first place they can interpose, as the courts of law cannot, to restrain and prevent such nuisances threatened or ih progress, as well as those already existing. In the next place, by a perpetual injunction the remedy is made complete through all future time. Whereas an information or indictment at the common law can dispose only of the existing nuisance, and for future acts new prosecutions must be brought. In the next place the remedial justice in equity may be prompt and immediate before irreparable mischief is done, whereas at law nothing can be done except after trial and upon the award of judgment." 2 Story's Equity, 203; see also cases cited in the brief. Obstruction of watercourses are cases calling for this remedial interposition of courts of equity. 2 Stor's Equity, 206.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. etal.

It needs no argument to show that the injury in question, as .it is great in magnitude, is also most clearly within the. class of

what are known as irreparable injuries. In the first place being

an injury to trade, the full extent of injury cannot be measured

in damages, any more than in cases of nuisance to health, it can

te ascertained how many months or weeks or hours life may be

shortened. In the second place, it is unceasing and without

end. While the water flows and the bridge stands the injury

continues. The mischief is not only irreparable, but the litiga-

tion to which it must le.ad would be vexatious in the last degree.

The strife and contention that must follow, are also of the tnost

serious character.

It is the specific penalty prescribed by the charter, the terms

upon which the defendants obtained permission to erect their

bridge, the agreement entered into. That Virginia has since

chosen for herself to waive'that penalty, can make no difference as to the equities of other parties. This remedy is still in the

charter: "If the bridge shall be so erected as to obstruct naviga-

tion, the said bridge may be treated as a public nuisance and

abated accordingly." Charter of Wheeling Bridge.

It is said that before injunction, a trial at law should be

awarded. But trials at law are awarded only where facts are

contested; and cases or nuisance are excepted from the benefit

even of this rule. "If the thing sought to be prohibited is in

itself a nuisance, the court will interfere to stay irreparable mis-

chief, without waiting the result of a trial." Shelford on Rail-

ways, 431. But what facts are here to be ascertained ? The

highway, the obstruction, the injury, are confessed on 1he record.

The whole defence rests simply upon legal exceptions, leaving

no iact to be tried.

The acts of Pennsylvania authorizing bridges within her own

territory are urged in defence. To this it is sufficient to remark,

that the equitable doctrine of set-off has never been applied to

cases of n'uisance. And if it were, the bridges on the Alleghany

and Monongahela are not a fair equivalent for the navigation

of the Ohio, Mississippi, and their branches, cut off by the

Wheeling Bridge. When complaint is made or injury shown

from these bridges, then will be time to show their defence.

With this case, and the matters here involved, they have no-

thing to do.

The State is .also charged with laches:- standing by and witnessing without objection the defendants expend their money.

This is a strange charge, when it is remembered that Pennsyl-

vania met these defendants in Congress, and there urged her

specific objections, resisted and defeated a bill for the erection

VOL. XIII.

46

542

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

of the bridge that had been introduced by the member from
Wheeling, before her remonstrance reached Washington. She could not follow them into the Legislature of Virginia.
And if she had done so, her rights were sufficiently guarded by the 14th section of their charter. Its violation was not to be presumed. But when it became franifestthat, in defiance of its provisions, the river was about to be obstructed, the law officer of the State, her attorney-general, promptly appealed to this tribunal. What charge of laches could be more unfounded?
Pending these proceedings, in the fancied belief that an advantage would be gained thereby, the work was hurried on to its corhpletion. Warning was given, by the learned judge before
whom the motion was' made, that no equity would be thus gained, but that if found a nuisance the bridge must be abated.
And this was made one of the grounds for then denying the motion. (Judge Grier's Opinion.) Abatement is the only remedy that can save the public works of Pennsylvania from irreparable injury. It is the condition upon which the defendants in their own wrong obstructed this highway, and itis the penalty pro-
nounced by Virginia for infringing the rights of navigation. These rights Pennsylvania might protect by abatement of
this nuisance by her own act. But the Constitution established this tribunal as one of dignity, wherein a State might sue and obtain redress by due course of law. Its powers and 'duties are defined in No. 80 of the Federalist, and in the Constitution by terms of the most wide and general signfication, extending to "all those cases which involve the peace 'of the confederacy,
whether they relate to the intercourse between the United States and foreign nations, or'between the States themselves." Comment upon these terms from me would be superfluous. They embrace the very case now before the court, than which none
can be conceived more directly or deeply iavolving the peace of the confederacy. It presents no question of abstract rights, but one of actual existing vested rights, essential to the existence of the State and the welffre of her people. Her rights of commerce extending between the several StatEs ; the right of navigation upon a public river; the use of a highway upon which
the value of internal improvements, costing over forty millions of dollars, depends.
Upon these considerations the State of Pennsylvania prosecutes this suit. Declaring it to be consistent with her charadter to seek a peaceful remedy, her legislature, by unanimous vote in both branches, adopted the following resolutions, in obedience to which-I now appear before this court.
"BIet resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of the tommonwealth of Pennsylvania, in General Assemibly

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

543

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

met - That the free and uninterrupted navigation of the Ohio River as a common highway, is a right belonging to the citizens of Pennsylvania, which being essential to the prosperity of the State, it is the duty of the Commonwealth to assert and de-
fend. "That the proceedings in behalf of said State, instituted by
her attorney-general in the Supreme Court of the United States, and now pending therein, against the Wheeling and
Belmont Bridge Company, to abate the nuisance occasioned by their bridge lately erected across said river, be prosecuted to final judgment, decree, and execution for abatement of said nui-
sance." Having thus presented my proposition in its various brances,
I feel that it is not needful for me to urge upon this court the important considerations which necessarily arise from the case, considerations affecting noi only life and property to an immea-
surable extent; but vast commerce, essential State rights, and the peace of the confederacy. They will present themselves to the court with more force than I could urge them. I know not, sir, that it becomes me to say more in this behalf. This only
I will add:
In 1765, a distinguished son of Pennsylvania, Dr. Rittenhouse, first conceived the plaA of her great works, connecting the waters of the Lakes and the Atlantic with the Ohio River. Seventy years elapsed before the resources 'of the State were equal to such an undertaking. But once commenced, it was accomplished. While all other works tending to the same object halted east of the Alleghanies, Pennsylvania forced her way through, thus opening a cheap, easy, and secure water transportation from the Gulf and the Rocky Mountains to the Atlantic seaboard. But no sooner had this mighty work been completed, and its revenues commenced to replenish the exhausted treasury of the State, and a prosperous commerce to reimburse her citi-
zens for their heavy taxation, than the flagitious scheme is undertaken to cut her off from the Ohio by a bridge at Wheeling,
within fifty miles of her borders. When, to prevent so great a wrong, she appeals to the Su-
preme Court; the work is hurried on; and, pending her applica-
tion for an injunction, iron cables are stretched across the channel of a navigable river, interrupting vessels arriving and departing from the ports of Pennsylvania. And before she can be heard in this tribunal, her vessels are stopped on a public highway, their cargo and passengers discharged at Wheeling, and Pennsylvania ports shut up. For less injuries than these, States have been heretofore prompt to redress their own wrongs, and
have rushed swiftly to war. Even under our government, in

544

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

defence of commercial rights, supposed to be invaded by congressional enactment, the banner of disunion has been unfurled in the South. In the North and East, bordering States, asserting navigation privileges, have resorted to acts of retortion and confiscation, until at length civil war was ready to burst forth on
their borders, and rage along their coasts. At a later day, the western States of Ohio and lichigan, on a mere boundary ques.
tion, arrayed their military forces against each other, under command of their respective governors. And now, on a mere abstract question, State is seen arrayed against State, with threats
and warlike aspect. To these, what a contrast and example does Pennsylvania
this day present. Thredtened in her dearest rights, she makes
no appeal to force. When the foundations of this government were laid, and this
tribunal established as its corner stone, Pennsylvania was there. She knew that the chief object of the Con'stitution was to substitute the law of reason for the taw of force; and her abiding
confidence in its efficacy for every exigency has never been shaken. Her commerce obstructed on a public river, her ports shut up; she comes this day at the head of no armed squadrons, with no blustering enactments of State sovereignty, with no threatenings of disunion upon her lips.* As becomes the keystone of the federal arch, she seeks first a'peaceful remedy. She
appears as an humble suitor before civil judges, sitting upon their judgment-seat) surrounded by no armed janizaries, by no imperial guards; but in the exercise of their constitutional functions, clothed with an authority more pote:.t, in her estimation, than an army with banners. She asks them to protect a right, deemed the most inestimable among all nations, belonging to her by the law of nature and of nations; gr.aranteed by the Constitution and the laws of Congress, for the improvement of which millions of her treasure have been lavished: and upon which the welfare of her people depends. She asks them, by simple injunction, to prevent a local corporation from violating, under
color of State authority, a right that a world in arms could not wrest from her. How far the wholesome influence of this example may depend upon the decree herein to be rendered, the learned members of this court, better than I am, are able to judge.

The counsel for the defendants, in the brief which they filed,
made the followin.g points. The questions which arise in the cause may be classed under
four distinct hea ds: I. Those which relate to the regularity of the proceedings in
this cause.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

545

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

IL Those relating to the original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, in the case presented by record.
III. Those of a political character, arising out of the alleged interference with the free navigation of the Ohio River, and the supposed regulation of commerce between the States, and pre-
ference of one port over another. IV. Those involving the law in regard to nuisances, and the
principles on which a court of equity will interpose, by injunc-
tion, to grant relief.
I. Under this head the defendants will insist1st. That the order made by Judge Grier, on the 1st day of August, 1849, was not warranted by practice in courts of equity. That he had no power to do more than grant or refuse the in. junction, and that the case has been improperly docketed. 2d. They will insist that, as the defendants have expressly
denied under oath that this suit has been instituted by the State of Pennsylvania, but that it is in fact the suit of sundry citizens of Pittsburg who have 'undertaken to use the name of that State, for the purpose of giving a colorable jurisdiction to this court over the case, without the authority first obtained of the legislature or executive of Pennsylvania; and as the plaintiffs
have failed to produce any evidence to show that the proper authorities of Pennsylvania have authorized the institution of the suit, the court should either dismiss it, or award a rule against plaintiff's attorney to show by what authority it has been instituted. Maxfield's Lessee v. Levy, 4 Dall. 330.
'3d. The original bill being fatally defective was not amendable, the office of an amendment being not to make a new case, but to correct or improve a bill which contained grounds of equitable relief. MeMiahon v. Fawcett, 2 Rand. 537.
II. Under this head, defendants will insist that, if the suit has been regularly docketed and instituted by the direction of the
proper authorities of the State of Pennsylvania, the bills of the plaintiff do not disclose a case properly cognizable in this court. They show no such interest on the part of the State of Pennsylvania in the matter in controversy as would make her a competent plaintiff in this court. She should show, on the face of
her bill, a direct and immediate interest in the State of Pennsylvania, in her corporate capacity. A remote consequential injury will not do; injury to her citizens is not sufficient; they
are.competent plaintiffs, and can seek their own redress. 2d. The alleged injury to the public works of Pennsylvania,
and through them to her revenues, is remote, contingentt, and speculative. The bridge is in another State, and not within fifty miles of any of her improvements. If it should prove detri-
mental to them by the greater facilities which it might afford for
46 "

546

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

crossing the river at Wheeling, and the inducements which it might hold out to trade and travel to seek that point, it would be a .case of damnurm absque,injuria.
3d. The allegation of injury to the ship-builders of Pennsylvania is obnoxious to the objections taken to the original bill; the injury is not to the State, but to her citizens, and it is indi-
rect and consequential. 4th. If there be injury to the public, it is not to the Pennsylva-
nia public, but to the, great public of the Union. If it interferes with and regulates commerce, it is the commerce of the Union,
and not of Pennsylvania, and the government of the Union'alone can redress it by a proceeding- in behalf of the United States, at the instance of her attorney-general. Commonwealth v. Charles-
town, 1 Pick. 184 ; see Mitford, Eq. P1. 210 ; Story Eq. Pl. ects. 503-510 ; Fowler v. Lindsey, 3 Dall. 411 ; Bowne v. Arbucde, 4 Dall. 338 and note 2; New York v. Connecticut, 4 Dall. 3;
United States v. Peters, 5 Cranch, 115; McNutt v. Bland, 2 How. 9, opinion of Daniel. J., and cases reviewed by him; Bank of Kentucky v. Wister, 2 Pet. 318; Georgetown v. Alexandria Canal, 12 Pet. 91; United States Bank v. Planters Bank of
Georgia, 9 Wheat. 904; Bingham v. Cabot, 3 Dall. 382; Turner v. Bank of North America, 4 Dall. 8; McCormick v. Sull~ant, 10 Wheat. 199; Fisher v. Cockrell, 5 Pet. 248; Reed v. Marsh, 13 Pet. 153; 1 Kent, Com. 344, and cases cited; Waring v.
Clarke, 5 How. 468; Rhode Island v. Massachusetts, 12 Pet. 657; Spooner v. McConnell, 1 McLean, 338, 359; Rogers v. Linn, 2 McLean, 126; 8 Cow. 146.
III. The charter was granted for great public objects, and in-
tended to advance and facilitate commerce between the States, and the. safe, speedy, and certain transmission of the mails between the eastern and western sections of the Union, and therefore commends itself to the favorable regard of the government,
to which is confided the power and the duty of regulating that species of commerce. The duty of the government of the United States is quite as imperative to protect and regulate the trade across, as up and down, the channels of navigable
streams. The privilege of navigating the river is not paramount to, but
only coequal with, the privilege of crossing it. The bridge is not a regulator of commerce in any other seilse than a railroad or a ferry would be. Gibbons v. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 203; People v. Saratoga and Rens. Co. 15 Wend. 134; Thompson v. People,
23 Wend. 552; Corfield v. Coryell,'4 Wash. C. C. R. 378; Norris v. Boston, and Smith v. Turner, 7 How. 283; Houston v. Moore, 5 WYheat. 48; Commonwealth v. New Bedford B. Co. 1 Woodbury & Minot, 423; Wilson v. Blackbird Marsh Co. 2 Peters, 250.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

547

State of Pennsylvania v.The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

IV. The case stated is not one for relief, even at law, and much less in equity, by injunction:
1. The bridge is not a nuisance. 2. The injury is not direct, inevitable, and irreparable; on the contrary, by complainant's own showing, it is remote, contingent, and susceptible of compensation in damages. 3. Nor is it peculiar and exclusive, either to the citizens or to the State of Pennsylvania. 4. The course of Pennsylvania, in chartering and constructing bridges over navigable waters within, her limits, and in remaining passive until the whole capital of the company had been expended, should induce the court, even if that case were in other respects a proper one for relief, to withhold its aid under the peculiar circumstances of this case. Story, Eq. sect. 959, a & b ; Eden on Injunctions, 162; Bonaparte v. Camden & Amboy R. R. Co. 1 Bald. C. C. R. 218; Attorney-General v. Cleaver, 1S Vesey, 218, and authorities cited; Earl Ripon v. Hobart, 1 Coop. Select Cases, 333; Story, Eq. sect. 922- 925, and cases cited; Pierce v. Dart, 7 Cow. 609; Lansing v. Smith, 8 Cow. 146; Serple v. London and Birmingham R. R. Co. 1 Railw. Cases, 159; Butler v. Kent, 19 Johns. 223; Laws of Pennsylvania, 1846, 309; Palmer v. Cuyahoga County, 3 McLean, 226; Jones v. Royal Canal Co. 2 Molloy, 319; Williams v. The Earl of Jersey, 1 Craig &, Phil. 96; Pelcher v. Hart, 1 Humph. Ten. Rep. 524; Rex v. Russel, 13 Com. L. R. 254; Crenshaw v. State R. Co. 6 Rand. 245; Hulme v. Shreve, 3 Green, Ch. Cases, 116; Illingvorth v. Manchester and Leeds R. R. 2 Railw. Cases, 187;
Attorney-General v. Eastern Co. R. R. Co. 3 Railw. Cases, 337.
After the argument of the cause, the court passed the interlocutory order which is reported in 9 How. 657.
The coming in of the report of the commissioner is mentioned in 11 How. 529, together with the order of court passed thereon. That report wuras a printed volume of more than seven hundred pages, accompanied by numerous engravings, and ineluding a great mass of evidence upon geographical, statistical, and scientific'points. It is very difficult to give an abstract of it, but the attempt must be made.
"The questions referred to the commissioner to report upon, were the following, viz., whether the suspension-bridge, mentioned in the pleadings in this cause, erected over the Ohio River at the city of Wheeling, by the defendants, is or is not an obstruction to the free navigation of the Ohio River, at the place where such bridge is erected acrosz the same, by vessels propelled by steam or sails, engaged, or which may be engqged, in
the commerce or navigation of said river; and, if it is such an

548

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

obstruction, what change, or alteration, if any, can be made, consistent with the continuance of the bridge across the said river, that will remov6 the obstruction to the free navigation by
such vessels engaged in the commerce and navigation of such. river; and also to report the proofs which should be produced before me by the respective parties; with power to,appoint a clerk
to assist in-the execution of the order of reference; and also with power, if I should deem it necessary, to appoint a competent engineer, whose duty it should be, under my directions and
instructions, as such commissioner, to take the measurement of said bridge, its appendages and appurtenances, and the localities connected therewith, and make a report to me upon the same."
The report commenced with a general examination of suspension-bridges, with their adaptation to th-e passage of railroad cars. Upon this subject the commissioner expressed himself as
follows: "My opinion, therefore, is, that if the Wheeling Bridge, in its-
present form, is not permitted to stand, the idea that it can be
so altered in its reconstruction, as to adapt it to the purposes of ordinary railroad transit, should not be entertained, and should not b6 permitted to affect the decision of the question of the practicability of altering or reconstructing' such bridge, so as to
obtain a revenue therefrom, which might be of sufficient importance to the stockholders of the bridge company to induce themto contribute means to enable the corporatipn to rebuild the bridge."
The report then contained an account of the commercial statistics of the Ohio River, with the velocity of its current, its floods, &c. The bridge was described as follows:
"The length of the bridge is 980 feet between the faces of the two abutments; and 1010 feet between the centres of the towers, at each end, which" support the cables upon which the flooring of the bridge is suspended. The eastern towers, to the top of the saddles, are 1 5 3 , feet high above the level of zero of the water-gauge which indicates the depth of water upon the Wheeling Bar; and the western towers are 132 feet.
" The deflection of the catenary below the top of the saddles of the eastern towers, on the 26th of October, 1850, when the temperature of the atmosphere was 44' of Fahrenheit, was 68 feet 5 inches. And the point of its greatest deflection was 544
feet and 7 inches from the centre of the eastern towers. The deflection would probably be about 15 inehes less at the temperature of zero of Fahrenheit, and about 15 inches more at a temperature of 900 above. The temperature of the atmosphere, at the time the measurement was made, was at about a medium between the extreme cold of winter and the greatest heat of summer, and therefore gives the mean deflection.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

549

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

" The ascent of the flooring of the bridge at the east end, for 17 2 feet from the centre of the tower, rises on a grade of 1.28 feet to the 100 ; and for 40 feet further it rises on a grade of
0.625 of a foot to the hundred feet. From thence it descends on a grade of 0.925 of a fo't to the hundred, for 40 feet; and from
thence to the centre of the western tower, on a grade of 4.08 feet
to every hundred feet. "At the highest part of the bridge, for the distance of about
56 feet in width, there is a clear headway, for the passage of steamboats with their chimneys standing, of 92 feet above zero of the Wheeling water-gauge; or 91 feet above extreme low
water. This headway commences about 174 feet from the top of the face of the eastern abutment, and terminates 760 feet from the same point in the western al utment. But this space of 56 feet in width is not over any part of the river at extreme
low water. "The bank of the river, under the eastern extremity of the 56
feet space, is 10.21 feet higher- than the level of zero of the Wheeling gauge; and under the western extremity, the height of the bank above zero of the gauge, is 3.81 feet. And it is only 22 inches below zero of the gauge at a' point 100 feet further west. The water upon the Wheeling Dar must therefore be about 4 feet deep to bring the easterly edge of the stream to apoint under the western eXremity of the 56 feet. And it must be more than 15 feet deep upon the bar to enable a steamboat drawing 5 feet to avail itself of the 91 feet of clear headway above low-water mark, for the whole width of 56 feet.
"It follows, from this statement of the facts, that a steamboat drawing five feet, and whose chimneys are 79 feet high, or over, can never pass under the apex of the bridge, at any stage of the water, without lowering her chimneys. And boats drawing 4 feet and having chimneys as high as 86 feet, can never pass under any part of the bridge, without lowering, even in stages of water between 4 and 12 feet high on the Wheeling Bar. This is in accordance with the testimony, which shows that the Cincinnati, whose chimneys, according to the miasurement of the engineer, were but 84.7 feet high, had to lower them to pass under the bridge, even in the lowest stages of the water upon
which she ran."
Upon the question whether or not the bridge was an obstruction to sailing vessels, the commissioner reported as follows:
" I therefore decide and report that the suspension-bridge at Wheeling, mentioned in the order of reference, is not an obstruction of the free navigation of the Ohio River, at the place where
it is erected over the. same, by any vessels propelled by sails, which have been engaged in the commerce or navigation of the

SUPREME COURT.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.
river since such bridge was erected, or which will probably be engaged in such navigation and commerce at any future time during the existence of such bridge."
Upon that branch of the question which related to the bridge being an obstruction to steamboats, the rEport contained a description of the boats and the height of the chimneys of some of them; and came to the following conclusion:
"A greatnumber of witnesses have been exmmined on both sides in reference to the question whether the pro cess of lowering such chimneys as are carried upon the Pittsburg and Cincinnati packets, and others of the largest class of boats which navigate the waters of the Ohio, is not attended with injury to the chimneys, delay to the boats, and danger to the limbs and lives of the passengers, or of the officers and crew.
" So far as the question depends upon opinion merely, there is a very great conflict in the testimony of the witnesses. B,tt when we examine the facts testified to by them, I think there s a decided preponderance of testimony in favor of the affirmative of the question.
"Even with the smaller and shorter chimneys on the boats which pass through the Louisville and Portland Canal, where the boaty- proceed very slowly, and lower and raise their chimneys at leisure, accidents frequently occur to the chimneys; though, from the nature of the navigation through the canal, the process of raising and lowering does not produce much delay there, in ordinary cases. It is easy to perceive, that if the four, five, or six rings, let down upon boats that pass the canal, should fall, and break from their hinges, as they sometimes do, the lives of the passengers and crew, or of some of them, would necessarily be endangered.
"The very elevated as.well as large chimneys useca upon the Pittsburg and Cincinnati packets, and other boats of that class cannot, certainly,, with any facility or safety, be lowered by hinges at the tops. They are, therefore, obliged to 1pwer them at the hurricane deck, by the means of a derric. The weight *ofthe parts of the two chimneys which must be let down, upon these large boats, is estimated by the witnesses to be from three to four tons. This enormous weight hanging over the cabin, or rather over the berths of the passengers, in the process qf lowering, would probably prove disastrous in the extreme, if by any accident the chimneys should come down by the run; which is very likely to occur, from the carelessness or stupidity of the green hands that the owners and officers of Western boats are so often obliged to employ."
The report then discussed the increased danger in lowerina the chimneys, resulting from the velocity of the river; and ther

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

551

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

examined the question whether such high chimneys were necessary for obtaining the maximum of speed. The conclusion arrived at was, that they were necessary. Upon this general branch of the question the commissioner reported as follows:
"It would be a great injury to commerce, and to the community to have the benefit of a fair competition, between river navigation and railroad transit, destroyed by any unnecessary obstruction of either. And if railroads can be carried across our large Western rivers, without impairing the navigation, it is proper that it should be done. Certainly, if this beautiful and beneficial structure, which has been thrown across the eastern
branch of the Ohio at Wlteeling, at so much cost, can remain as it is, without injury to the commerce and navigation of the river, no one should desire its removal or alteration.
"But, upon a full examination of the subject, or rather such an examination as I have been enabled to give it, in a limited time, and -7ithout the aid of counsel, I have arrived at the cqn,clusion, and do accordingly decide and report, that the Wheeling Suspension-Bridge, referred to in the pleadings and proofs in this cause, is an obstruction of the free navigation of the
Ohio, at the place where it is erected across the same, by vessels propelled by steam, which are now engaged in the commerce and navigation of that river, and by such vessels as will undoubtedly be engaged in such navigation and commerce hereafter, at that place; while such bridge is permitted to remain without very material alterations."
The commissioner then proceeded to discuss the question, whether the bridge could be so altered as not to impede the free navigation of the river by steamboats; and examined eight different plans for effecting this, object. The result was thus stated :
"I therefore conclude that it is practicable to alter the construction of the present bridge, so that it will not be an obstruction to the free navigation of the Ohio, consistent with the continuancs of the bridge across the river at the place where it
is now erected. "And I further decide and report that the change, or alteration,
which can and should be made, in the construction and existing
condition of the bridge, to remove the obstruction which now exists .to the free navigation of the river at that place, by steamboats, is to raise the suspension-cables, 6nd the flooring of the
bridge, in such a manner as to give a level headway, it lest three hundred feet wide, over a convenient part of the channel of the river, of not less than one hundred and twenty feet above the level of zero on the Wheeling water-gauge; and bhiow the
lowest projections of the flooring of the bridge, and the greatest

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

deflections of the suspension-cables, at a medium temperature

of the atmosphere.

"It will be seen that, in fixing this elevation for the altered

bridge, I have made no provision for a greater amount of head-

way should the future wants of travel and commerce upon this

part of the river require it. But I have adopted this height as

being ample for the present demands of steamboat navigation,

and upon the supposition that the dimensions of the boats

running on the Ohio, from places above the bridge, and the

heights of their chimneys, have about reached their maximum,

for convenient running, or for profit.

"It is true, some of the boats running below the falls are a

little longer, and have more breadth of beam, than any of the

Pittsburg and Cincinnati packets, and have chimneys a few

feet higher. But they have also a greater depth of hold and

draw more water; and are not, therefore, so well adapted to the

navigation of the upper part of the Ohio, where the river is nar-

rower, and the channel more sinuous.

"Possibly, if the contemplated improvement at the falls of the

Ohio should be made, boats of a larger class and with taller

chimneys might be found profitable, in carrying on a direct trade

between Pittsburg and New Orleans, or between the former place and St. Louis. But as that event is still in the womb of

time, and may never have birth, I have not deemed it neces-

saiy to,make any farther provision for it, than an elevation of

the bridge to the height of one hundred and twenty feet, above

the level of zero on the Wheeling gauge, will give them.

" Many of my calculations in this report were made very hur-

riedly; but the engineer, at my request, has examined them all, since the draft of the report was prepared, and has not dis-

covered any errors in them. I have reason to believe, therefore,

that they are all correct.

R. HYDE TVALWORTH, oM."

To this report exceptions were filed both upon the part of the complainant and respondent. On the part of the State of Pennsylvania the exceptions were as follows:

Complainant's .Exceptions. And now comes the complainant,
by her counsel; and as to the report of the special commissioner, Hon. R. H. Walworth, herein made at the last term, the said complainant excepts as follows:
1. To so much of said report, on page 30, as decides that the suspension-bridge, at Wheeling, is not an obstruction of the free navigation of the Ohio River at the place where it is erected
over the same, by any vessels propelled by sails, which have been engaged in the commerce or navigation of the river since such bridge was. erected, or which will probably be 'engaged in such

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

navigation and commerce at any future tine during the existence of such bridge; and, also, in the particulars, that said report does not provide for a headway for ships 6nd sea-going vessels propelled by sails; and complainant prays that the court will decree that adequate provision shall be made for the passage of steam-ships and sailing vessels with their masts standing.
2. The complainant also excepts to said report in the'parti.
cular, that the change in the construction and existing condition of said bridge, which, in page 53 of said report, the commissioner decides should be made to remove the obstruction to the free navigation of the river by steamboats, will not be sufficient to remove said obstruction, because the obstruction aforesaid cannot be removed without raising the bridge to the elevation of at least one hundred and forty-five feet above the level of zero on the water-gauge, and also because the width of a level headway of three hundred feet is not sufficient, but the same ought to be the whole width of the river channel at that place; and, also, because no necessity is shown for any obstruction to the navigation, by any bridge at that point, nor is such bridge authorized, or could be lawfully authorized by any State enactment. Complainant prays that the court may decree accordingly.
3. The complainant also excepts to said report, in the particular, that in fixing the elevation for the altered bridge, in page 53 of said report, no provision is made for a greater amount of headway, should the future wants of travel and commerce of this part of the river require it.
Complainant prays that no bridge be allowed across said
channel, or, if any be allowed, that the elevation of such bridge be fixed by the decree of this court at not less than one hundred and fortyzfive feet above the level of zero, on the Wheeling water-gauge, across the whole width of the channel at that place.
4. In all other respects, except the particulars thereof above excepted to, the complainant prays that the report of the com-
missioner aforesaid be established and confirmed, and that in the particulars herein excepted to, the report be corrected by the decree of this court, so as to abate the obstruction to the navigation of the Ohio River, created by the defendants by their
suspension-bridge, and to preserve the free navigation of the said river, as prayed for in the original and supplemental bills of complainant; and that a final decree be entered, as justice and the rights of your complainant may require.
C. DARRAGH,
SHALER & STANTON,

VOL. xiII.

ROBERT J. WALKER,

47

For Complainant.

SUPREME COU:RT.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.
Defendants' Exceptions. The defendants except to the proceedings and report of the commissioner, the Hon. R. H. Walworth, under the order of reference mad.e in this cause, at the December term, 1849, as follows:
1. That the commissioner made an order for the parties to appear before him, with their witnesses, at Wheeling, on the 15th July, 1850, without any application for such order from th3 counsel of either party, but with information from the counsel of the defendants that they could not then be prepared to take the testimony which they desired to take there. Moreover, his immediate adjournment on the 15th July, 1850, to a place several miles from Wheeling, and from the Ohio River,-caused so much inconvenience and expense in the production of witnesses at that time, as to constrain the defendants to defer the examination of many .of them until a future opportunity; which opportunity was afterwards denied to them. Whereby, and by the course pursued by the commissioner afterwards, as mentioned in the next exception, the defendants were prevented from taking the greater part of the testimony which they desired to take at Wheeling.
2. That the commissioner, in his report, has expressed opinions upon the questions on which he was directed to take proofs, without first having taken all the proofs which the counsel for the.defendants saw fit to produce before him, and without reporting those proofs particularly. That, "as a general rule," he refused to receive or to report any testimony produced by the counsel for the defendants, unless he, the commissioner, considered it relevant to the subject on which the court had directed testimony to be taken by him, if objected to by the opposite counsel; and actually excluded evidence which was relevant, in some instances, which appear in his report; besides establishing rules of decision which prevented the production of all testimony of like tendency to that, which was rejected; and,
That, on the 4th day of December, 1850, in the unavoidable absence of the regular counsel of the defendants, (occasioned by sickness,) the commissioner refused to keep open his proceedings, at Wheeling, until the defendants could have had the presence and advice of that counsel, in relation to the further production of testimony, refused to grant the defendants further time for completing their proofs, and even refused to report to the court the affidavit on which the application for delay was grounded; notwithstanding, it appears by his report that the defendants finally (being without counsel) asked for a delay of only two days, until the expected arrival of their counsel, and nothing was done, or to be done by the commissioner, in

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

555

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

the cause, until the fifth day afterwards, at Pittsburg. And, from that time forward, the commissioner denied to the defendants the opportunity and time, which reasonably they ought to have had, to complete the taking of their testimony before him, though he had repeatedly been informed by their counsel that they desired to produce further proofs at 'Wheeling, Philadelphia, and elsewhere. See Rep. pp. 645, &c.
3. That the commissioner, knowing that the defendants desired to avail themselves of the expiration of the time limited for making his report, to apply to the court for some explanation or modification of the order of reference, so as thereafter to prevent a repetition of the injustice which, as they considered, had been done to them by the commissioner, did, on or about the Ist of December, 1850, privately apply to the court for an order extending the time for his proceedings, confirming what he might have done after the expiration of the time previously
limited, and making no other change in the terms of the order of reference. And the commissioner suffered the defendants and their counsel to take their course in ignorance that any such application had been made, and then refused to make such a special report as would have enabled them to make a more regular application. See Rep. pp. 645, 648.
4. That the commissioner, in his report, argues to prove that wire suspension-bridges are not adapted to the uses of railroads which opinion, or argument, is not only incorrect, but is on a subject not referred to him, and it can only tend to prejudice the defence improperly. See Rep. pp. 17, 20.
6. That the commissioner reports that "the Wheeling Suspension-Bridge, referred to in the pleadings and proofs in this cause, is an obstruction of the free navigation of the Ohio River,
at the place where it is erected across the same, by vessels propelled by steam, which are now engaged in the commerce of that river, and by such vessels as will undoubtedly be engaged in such commerce hereafter, at that place, while such bridge is permitted to remain without material alterations." Whereas, it appears by the evidence in the cause, that the said bridge is not
such an obstruction. See Rep. p. 45. 6. That the commissioner reports that a change or alteration
of said bridge can, and should be made by raising the suspension-cables and flooring, so as to give a level headway at least three hundred feet wide, over a convenient part of the channel of the river, of not less than 120 feet above the level of zero, on the Wheeling water-gauge, and below the lowest projections of the flooring of the bridge and the greatest deflections of the suspension-cables, at a medium temperature of the atmosphere.
Rep. p. 53.

556

SUPREME COUIRT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c- Bridge Co. et al.

7. That the commissioner has decided the questions referred
to him upon the assumption that, if any steamboats -navigating the Ohio, however few, can attain an increase of speed,
however slight, by using the tallest chiraneys, where such in-
crease of speed is beneficial to travel and commerce, in however small a degree, those steamboats are entitled to the benefit -of
such increase, in opposition to the claims of all who require the use of a bridge; whatever may be the extent of mischief resulting from the want of a bridge, or from its extreme elevation.
See Rep. p. 45. 8. That the commissioner refused to receive or report any tes-
timony tending to show the amount of inconvenience or injury which the public would suffer by the want of a bridge such as the one above mentioned, now standing at Wheeling. And, on
the other hand, he has admitted much testimony, oflbred by the
complainant, to show the magnitude of the present and prospective commerce on the river, and while expressing, in his report, an opinion favorable to the utility of the tallest chimneys used by any boat on that pait of the river, has omitted all reference to the testimony tending to show in how small or great a degree, if at*all, a reduction of the height of those chimneys, to the usual standard, would impair their supposed utility, and what proportimn of the boats navigating, or likely to navigate the river, do now, or probably will, use chimneys of the extreme height which he considers useful.
9. That the commissioner appointed Edwin F. Johnson, an engineer, to make the measurements of the bridge, &c., and retained him in that position after he became aware that the said Johnson was the brother-in-law of one of the counsel for complainant, residing at Pittsburg, and until -that fact had been discovered and formally alleged by the counsel for the defendants, and long after the commissioner must have discovered that the said Johnson was unfit for that position; and the said commis-
sioner proposes to allow the said Johnson pay and expenses as
such engineer, though he failed to perform his duties as such, and was much more diligent in serving the interests of the complainant in the cause.
10. That the said commissioner unnecessarily increased the expenses incurred under the order of reference to an enormous
extent. 11. That the commissioner has returned .tie report of the
engineer with his own, without permitting the parties to have an opportunity of inspecting it before the commissioner closed the
taking of testimony. 12. The defendants not only except to such parts of the report
and proceedings of the commissioner, as are above pointed out,

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

557

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

but they insist on their exceptions, taken before the commissioner, and reported by him with the testimony.
ALEX. H. H. STUART.
REVERDY JOHNSON, Attorne'sfor Defendants.
These exceptions were fully argued upon both sides; but the great length to which this report must necessarily be protracted, forbids any notice of the arguments of the respective cofinsel.

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This bill was filed in the clerl's office of this court, in July, 1849. It charged that the defendants, under color of an act of the Legislature of Virginia, but in direct violation of its terms, were engaged in the construction of a bridge across the Ohio River, at Wheeling, which would obstruct its navigation, to and
from the ports of Pennsylvania, by steamboats and other craft which navigate the same. That the State of Pennsylvania owns certain valuable public works, canals, and railways, constructed at great expense as channels of commerce, for the transportation of passengers and goods, from which a large revenue, as tolls,
was received by the State. That these works terminate on the Ohio River, and were constructed with direct reference to its free navigation; the goods and passengers transported on these lines were conveyed in steamboats, on the Ohio River; and the Wheeling Bridge would so obstruct the navigation of that river, as to cut off and direct trade and business from the public works of Pennsylvania, impair and diminish the tolls and reveriue of the State, and render its improvements useless, The bill prayed an injunction against the erection of the bridge, as a public nuisance, and for general relief.
In August, 1849, a supplemental bill was filed, stating that, after notice, the defendants continued to prosecate-their work, and were engaged in stretching iron cables across the channel of the river, which would obstruct its navigation, and it praved that these cables might le abated.
At the December term of this court, 1849, another supplemental bill was filed, representing that defendants had completed the erection of the bridge, and that it had obstructed the passage of
steamboats carrying freight and passengers to and from the ports of Pennsylvania; that it also hindered the passage of steamships and sea-going vessels, which were accustomed to be constructed 'at the ports of Pennsylvania, and would injure and destroy the trade and business of ship and boat building, which
was carried on by the citizens of Pittsburg, and it prayed an abate-
ment of the bridge as a public nuisance, and for general relief. In their answers the defendants allege the exclusive sovereignty
47 1

558

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

of Virinia over the Ohio River, and set forth the act authorizing
the erection of the bridge. Ald they object to the application for an injunction and the relief prayed for, that the persons injured
might have remedy in the courts of Virginia; that the State of Pennsylvania had no corporate capacity to institute this suit in the Supreme Court, to vindicate the righ:s of her citizens; that the State is only a nominal party, whose name was, without proper authority, used by individuals; that the bridge is a connecting link of a great public highway, as important as the navigation of the Ohio River; that Pennsylvania had set the example of authorizing bridges across the Ohio; that certain engineers of the United States had recommended a wire suspension-bridge at Wheelihg, and gave as their opinion, that "by an elevation of ninety feet, every imaginable danger of obstructing the navigation would be avoided;" that certain reports of committees in Congress recognized the necessity of a bridge at Wheeling, and recommended an appropriation for that purpose; that the headway for steamers left by the bridge is amply sufficient, forty-seven feet above the water, for all useful purposes; and if sufficient draught cannot be had at that height, blowers might be added; that chimneys might have hinges on them, so as to be lowered without much inconvenience; that the bridge will not be an appreciable inconvenience to the average class of boats; that the bridge will not diminish or destroy trade between
Pittsburg and other ports, or do irreparable injury to the citizens
of Pennsylvania.
The answer admits that the State of Pennsylvania has expended large sums of money in the construction of public im-
provements, terminating at Pittsburg and Beaver; that a great amount of freight and a large number of passengers do pass over
said works, and that a large amount of toll to the Sthte is derived therefrom; that the navigation of the Ohio River is important to the works above-referred to, and that the value thereof would be affected injuriously if from any cause the passage of steamboats from the city of Pittsbirg downwards were obstructed or impeded. But they deny that their bridge or the cables will have any such effect, or that itc;an in truth be called
a nuisance.
To the actual obstruction occasioned by the bridge, as charged in the second supplemental bill, they set ap an amendatory and explanatory act of the Virginia Legislature, passed 11th of Jafiuary, 1850, declaring the height of ninety feet at the eastern abutment, ninety-three and a half feet at the highest point, and sixtydtwo feet at the western abutment, above the low-water
level of the Ohio River, to be of lawful height, and in conformity with the intent and meaning of the 19th section of the charter.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.
At December term, 1849, the question of jurisdiction was argued on both sides, and it was sustained by the entry of an. order of reference to the Hon. R. H. Walworth, as special commissioner to take testimony and report -
1. Whether the bridge is, or is not, an obstruction of the free navigation of the Ohio River, by vessels propelled by steam or sails, engaged, or which may be engaged, in the commerce or navigation of said river.
2. If an obstruction be made to appear, what change or alteration in the construction and existing condition of the said bridge, if any, can be made, consistent with the continuance of the same across said river, that will remove the obstruction to the free navigation.
At the ensuing terra, near its close, the commissioner made his report, together with the report of the engineer employed, and the evidence taken before him, deciding,
1. That the bridge is not an obstruction to the free navigation o' f 2th. eTOhahtiothbey barnidygveeisssealsn propelled by sails.
obstruction of the free navigation of the Ohio by vessels propelled by steam.
3. That the change or alteration which can and should be made in the construction and existing condition of the bridge is, to raise the cables and'flooring in such manner as to give a level headway, at least three hundred feet wide, over a convenient part of the channel, of not less than one hundred and twenty feet above the level of zero on the Wheeling water-gauge.
To this report several exceptions were taken, by the counsel on both sides.
As this is the exercise of original jurisdiction by this uvwt, on the ground that the State of Pennsylvania is a party, it is important to ascertain whether such a case is made out as to entitle the State to assume this attitude. In the second section of the third article of the Constitution, it is declared that the Supreme Court shall have original jurisdiction in a case, where a State shall be a party.
In this case the State of Pennsylvania is not a party in virtue )f its sovereignty. It does not come here to protect the rights of its citizens. The sovereign powers of a State are adequate to the protection of its own citizens,'and no other jurisdiction can be exercised over them, or in their behalf, except in a few specified cases. Nor can the State prosecute this suit on the ground of any remote or contingent interest in itself. It assumes and claims, not an abstract right, but a direct interest in the controversy, and that the power of this court, can redress its wrongs and save it from irreparable injury. 'If such a case be made out, the jurisdiction may be sustained.

560

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

When a State enters into a copartnership, or becomes a stock-
holder in a bank, or other corporation, its sovereignty is not involved in the business, but it stands and is treated as other stockholders, or partners. And so in the present case, the rights asserted and relief prayed, are considered as in no respect different from those of an individual. From the dignity of the State, the Constitution gives to it the right to bring an original suit in this court. And this is the only privilege, if the right be established, which the State of Pennsylvania can claim in the present case.
It is objected, in the first place, that there is no evidence that
·the State of Pennsylvania, has consented to the prosecution of this suit in its own name.
This would seem to be answered by the fact, that the proceedings were instituted by the attorney-general of the State. He is its legal r~presentafive, and the court cannot presume,
without proof, against his authority. In January, 1850, the following declaration passed unanimously by both branches of the Pennsylvania Legislature: "Whereas the navigation of the River Ohio has been, and is now obstructed by bridges erected across its channel, between Zane's Island and the main Virginia and Ohio shores, so that steamboats and other water crafts hitherto accustomed to navigate said river, are hindered in their passage to and from the port of Pittsburg, and other ports in the State of Pennsylvania, and the trade and commerce, and business of this Commonwealth interrupted, the revenue of her public works diminished and impaired, and steamboats, owned and navigated by citizens of this State, bound to and from her ports, are subjected to labor, expense, and delay, with hazard to life and property, by reason whereof the s:3id bridges are a common and public nuisance, injurious to the State of Pennsylva-
nia and her citizens, therefore be it resolved, &c. "2. That the proceedings, in behalf of said'State, instituted
by her attorney-general in the Supreme Court of the United States, and now pending therein against the Wheeling and
Belmont Bridge Company to abate the nuisance occasioned by their bridge lately erected across the Ohio, be prosecuted to final judgment, decree, and execution, for abatement of said
nuisance."
On a question of disputed boundary between two States, although the inquiry of the court is limited to the establishment of a common line, yet the exercise of sovereign authority, over more or less territory, ,may depend upon the decision. This gives great dignity and importance to such a controversy, and renders necessary a broader view, than on a question as to the mere right of property. 'But in the present case, the State of

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

561

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et-al.

Pennsylvania claims nothing connected with the exercise of its sovereignty. It asks from the court a protection of its property, on the same ground and to the same extent as a corporation or individual may ask it. And it becomes an important question whether such facts are shown, as to require the extraordinary interposition of this court.
Relief in this form is given, as it cannot be given adequately in any other. The injury complained of,in the language of the
books, must be irreparable by a suit at law for damages. It is matter of history, as well as in proof, that Pennsylvania, for many years past, has been engaged in making extensive improvements by canals, railroads, and turnpikes, many of them extending from Eastern Pennsylvania to Pittsburg, by which the transportation of goods and passengers is greatly facilitated,
and that a large portion of the goods and passengers thus transported are conveyed to and from Pittsburg on the Ohio River.
On the 18th of December, 1789, an act was passed by Virginia, consenting to the erection of the State of Kentucky put of its territory, on certain conditions, anong which are the following: "That the use and navigation of the River Ohio, so far as the territory of the proposed State, or the territory that shall remain within the limits of this Commonwealth lies thereon, shall be free and common to the citizens of the United States2 Virg. Revised Code,, 1819, p. 19. To this act the assent of
Congress was given. 1 Stat. at Large, 189. Thai the Ohio River is navigable, is a historical fact, which
all courts may recognize. For many years the commerce upon
it has been regulated by Congress, under the commercial power, by establishing ports, requiring vessels which navigate it to take out licenses, and to observe certain rules for the safety of
their passengers and cargoes. Appropriations by Congress have been frequently made, to remove obstructions to navigation
from its channel. It appears that Pennsylvania has constructed a combined line
of canal and railroad from Pittsburg and Alleghany cities, to the city of Philadelphia, a distance of about four hundred miles, at an expense of about sixteen millions of dollars, all of which
are owned by the State. There is also a railroad from Pittsburg to Harrisburg which will soon be completed, at an expense of some eight or ten millions of dollars. There is also a
slack-water navigation from Pittsburg lo Brownsville, and up the Yaughegany to West Newton, and there are other lines of communication between Pittsburg and the East, which are owned in whole or in part by the State) and from which it derives revenue.
And the witnesses generally say, that any obstruction on the
Ohio River, to the free passage of steamboats, must affect in-

562

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

juriously the revenue from the above pii~lic works, as it would
divert the transportation of goods and passengers from the lines
to and from Pittsburg, to the northern lines through New York. Whilst the witnesses differ as to the amount of such an injury,
they generally agree in saying, that any serious obstruction on
the Ohio would diminish the trade and lessen the revenue of the State. The value of the goods to and from Pittsburg, transported on the above lines of communication, is estimated at from forty to fifty millions annually. And it is shown that the commerce on the Ohio, to and from Pittsburg, amounts to about the same sum.
If the bridge be such an obstruction to the navigation of the Ohio as to change, to any considerable extent, the line of trans-
portation through Pennsylvania to the northern route through New York, or to a more southern route, an injury is done to'the State of Pennsylyania, as the principal proprietor of the lines of communication, by canal and railroad, from Philadelphia to Pittsburg. And this injury is of a character for which an action at law could afford no adequate redress. It is of daily occurrence, and would require numerous, if not daily prosecu-
tions, for the wrong done; and from the nature of that -rong, the compensation could not be measured or ascertained with any degree of precision. The effect would be, if not to reduce
the tolls on these lines of transportation, to prevent their increase
with the increasing busines' of the country. If the obstruction complained of be an injury, it would be
difficult to state a stronger case for the extraordinary interposition of a -court of chancery. In no case could a remedy be more hopeless by an action at common law. The structure complained of is permanent, and so are the public works sought to be protected. The injury, if there be one, is as permanent as the work from which it proceeds, and as are the works affected by it. And whatever injury there may now be, will become greater in proportion to the increase of population and the commercial -developments of the country. And in a country like this, where there would seem to be no limit to its progress, the injnry complained of would be -far greater in its effects than under less prosperous circumstances.
As we are now considering the obstruc-lon of the bridge, not
as to the relief prayed for, but as to thd form of -the remedy adopted by the complainant, we are brought to the conclusion, as before announced by this court to the parties, that there is
made out a primd facie case for the exercise of jurisdiction. The witnesses who testify to the obstriction are numerous, and the weight of their testimony is not impaired by the impeach-
ment of their credit, or a denial of the facts stated by them.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.
Sta of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.
But it is objected, if not as a matter going to the jurisdiction, as fatal to any further action in the case, that there are no statutory provisions to gide the court, either by the State of Virginia, or by Congress. It is said that there is no common law oi the Union on which the procedure can be founded; that the common law of Virginia is subject to its legislative action, and that the bridge, having been constructed under its authority, it can in no sense be considered a nuisance. That whatever shall be done within the limits of a State, is subject to its laws, written or unwritten, unless it be a violation of the Constitution, or of some act of Congress.
It is admitted that the federal courts have no jurisdiction of common-law offences, and that there is no abstract pervading principle of the common law of the Union under which we can take jurisdiction. And it is admitted, that the case under consideration, is subject to the same rules of action as if the suit had been commenced in the Circuit Court for the District of Virginia.
In the second section of the third article of the Constitut ion it is declared, "the judicial power shall extend to all cases, in law.and equity, arising uffder this Constitution, the laws of the United States, and treaties made, or which shall be made under their authority."
Chancery jurisdiction is conferred on the courts of th, 'United States with the limitation "that suits in equity sh.,l not be sustained in either of the courts of the United States, in any case where plain, adequate, and complete remedy may be had at law." The rules of the High Court of Chancery of England have been adopted by the courts of the United States. And there is no other limitation to the exercise of a chancery jurisdiction by these courts, except the value of the matter in controversy, the residence or character of the parties, or a claim which arises under a law of the United States, and which has been decided against in a State court.
In exercising this jurisdiction, the courts of the Union are not limited by the chancery system adopted by any 'State, and they exercise their functi6ns in a State where no court of chancery has been established. The usages of the High Court of Chancery
in England, whenever the jurisdiction is exercised, govern the proceedings. This may be said to be the common law of chancery, and since the organization of the government, it has been observed.
In Robinson v. Campbell, (3 *Wheat. 222,) it is said, "The court, therefore, think that, to effectuate the purposes of the legislature, the remedies in the courts of the United States are to be, at common law or in equity, not according to the prac-

064

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

lice of State courts, but according to the principles of common
law and equity, as distinguished and defined in that country from which we derive our knowledge of those principles."
This principle is not controverted by what is laid down in the case of Wheaton & Donaldson v. Peters, 8 Pet. 658, In that case, the court say, "It is clear there can be no common law of
the United States. The federal government is composed of twenty-four sovereign and independent States, each of which
may have its local usages, customs, and. comimon law. There -is no principle which pervades the Union, and has the authority of law, that is not embodied in the Constitution or laws of the Union. The common law could be made a part of our federal system only by legislative adoption. When, therefore, a com-
mon-la w right is' asserted, we must look to the State in which the cbntroversy originafed." The inquiry, in that case; was, whether a copy-right existed by common law in .the State of Pennsylvania. But, in the case above .Hited from 3 Wheaton, the court spoke of the remedy. By the act of' Congress of 1828, proceedings at law, in the courts of the United States, are required to conform to the modes of proceeding in the State courts; but there is no such provision in regard to courts of
chancery. Under this system, where relief can be given by the English
chancery, similar relief may be given by the courts of the
Union. An indictment at common law. could not be sustained in the
federal courts by the United States, against the bridge as a nuisance, as no such procedure has been authorized by Congress. But a: proceeding, on the ground of a private and an irreparable injury, may be sustained against it by an individual or a corporation.* Such a proceeding is comirhon to the federal courts, and also to the courts of the State.- The injury makes the obstruction a private nuisance to the injured party; and the doctrine of nuisance applies to the case where the jurisdiction is made out, the same as in a public prosecution. If the obstruction b unlawful, and the injury irreparable, by a suit at common law, the injured party may claim the extraordinary protection of a court of chancery.
Such a proceeding is as common and as free from difficulty as an ordinary injunction-bill, against a proceeding at law, or to stay waste or trespass. The powers of . court of chancery are
as well adapted, and as effectual for relief in the case of a privite nuisance, as in either of the casesnamed. And, in regard to the exercise of these powers, it is of no importance whether the eastern channel, over which the bridge is thrown, is wholly
within the limits of the State of VirginiL. The Ohio being a

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

565

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

navigable stream, subject to the commercial power of Congress,

and over which that power has been exerted; if the river be within the State of Virginia, the commerce upon it, which ex-

tends to other Stafes, is not within its jurisdiction; consequently, if the act of Virginia authorized the structure of the bridge, so

as to obstruct navigation, it could afford no justification to the

Bridge Company. The act of Virginia, under which the bridge was built, with
scrupulous care, guarded the rights of navigation. In the 19th

section, it is declared "That, if the said bridge shall be so con-

structed as to injure the navigation of the said river, the said bridge shall be treated as a public nuisance, and shall be liable to abatement, upon the same principles and in the same manner that other public nuisances are." And, in the act of the 19th

of March, 1847, to revive the first act, it is declared, in the 14th
section, "that if the bridge shall be so erected as to obstruct
the navigation of the Ohio River, in the usual manner, by such steamboats and other crafts as are now commonly accustomed to navigate the same, when the river shall be as high as

the highest floods hereinbefore known, then, unless, upon such obstruction being found to exist, such obs'luction shall be im-

mediately removed or remedied, the said last-mentioned bridge may be treated as a public~nuisance, and abated accordingly."
This is 'a full recognition of the public right on this great

highway, and the grant to the Bridge Company was made subject to that right.
It is oLjected that there is no act of Congress prohibiting

.obstructions on the Ohio River, and that until there shall be such a regulation, a State, in the construction of bridges, has a

right to exercise its own discretion on the subject. Congress have not declared in terms that a State, by the con-

struction of bridges, or otherwise, shall not obstruct the naviga-

tion of the Ohio, but they have regulated navigation upon it, as before remarked, by licensing vessels, establishing ports of entry,

..imposing duties upon masters and other officers of boats, and inflicting severe penalties ior neglect of those duties, by which

damage to life or property has resulted. And they have ex-

pressly sanctioned the compact made by Virginia with Ken-

tucky, at the time of its admission into the Union, "that the

use and navigation of the River Ohio, so far as the territory of the proposed State, or the territory that shall remain within the

limits of this Commonwealth lies thereon, shall be free and com-

mon to the citizens of the United States.' Now, an obstructed navigation cannot be said to be free. It was, no doubt, in view of this compact, that in the charter for the bridge, it was re-

quired to be so elevated) as not, at the greatest height of the

VOL. XIII.

48

566

SUPREME COU:RT.

-State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

water, to obstruct navigation. Any individual may abate a public nuisance. 5 Bac. Ab. 797; 2 Roll. Ab. 144, 145; 9 Co. 54;
Itawk. P. C. 75, sect. 12. This compact, by the sanction of CDngress, has become a
law of the Union. What further legislation can be desired for judicial action? In the case of Green et al. v. Biddle, (8 Wheat.
1,) this court held that a law of the State of Kentucky,,which was in violation of this compact between Virginia and Kentucky, was yoid; and they say this court has authority to declare a State law unconstitutional, upon the -round of its impairig the obligation of a compact between different States
of the Union. The case of Wilson v. The Blackbird Creek Afarsh Company,
(2 Peters, 250,) is different in principle from the case before us. A dam was built over a creek to drain a marsh, required by the unhealthiness it produced. It was a small creek, made navigable by the flowing of the tide. The Chief Justice said it was a matter of doubt, whether the small creeks, which the tide makes navigable a short distance, are within the general commercial regulation, and that in such cases of doubt, it would be better for the court to follow the lead of Congress. Congress have led in regulating commerce on the Ohio, which brings the case within the rule above laid down. The facts of
the two cases, therefore, instead of being alike, are altogether different.
No State law can hinder or obstruct the free use of a license granted under an act of Congress. - Nor can any State violate the compact, sanctioned as it has been, by obstructing the navi. gation of the river. MAore than this is not necessary to give -a
civil remedy for an injury done lty an obstruction. Congress might punish such an act criminally, but until they shall so provide, an indictment will noT lie in the courts of the United States for an obstruction which is a public nuisance. But a public nuisance is also a private nuisance, where a special and an irremediable mischief is done to an individual.
In the case of the City of Georgetown v. The Alexandria Co. (12 Peters, 98,) this court say, " The court of equity, also, pursuing the analogyof the law, that a party may maintain a private action for special damages, even in case of a public nuisance, will now take jurisdiction in case of a public nuisance, at the instance of a private person, where he is in imminent danger of suffering a special injury, for which, under the circumstances of the case, the law would not afford an adequate
remedy." Where no special damage is alleged, an individual could not prosecute in his own name for a public nuisance. This doctrine is laid down in Conning et ah v. Lowerre, 6 Johns.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

567

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

Ch.439. In that case the injunction' was granted, and the chancellor said, "that here was a special grievance to the plaintiffs, affecting the enjoyment of their pr6perty and the value of it. The obstruction was not only a common or public nuisance,
but worked a special injury to the plaintiffs." Chancellor Kent, in the 3d volume of his Commentaries, 411,
says, " The common law, while it acknowledged and protected the right of the owners of the adjacent lands to the soil and water of the river, rendered that right subordinate to the public
convenience, and all erections and impediments made by the owners, to the obstruction of the free use of the river as a high-
way for boats and rafts are deemed nuisances." 'In Sampson v. Smith, (8 Simons, 272,) it was held that injury
to the plaintiff's trade was sufficient to give jurisdiction against a public nuisance, and that it was not necessary to use, in such a prosecution, the name of the attorney-general. And-this was on a bill for the discontinuance of works already erected.
It is said, "the question of nuisance, or not, must, in cases of doubt, be tried by a jury." 2 Story's Eq. 202. In this respect the question is similar to an applicatbn for the protection of a patent. *Wherethe right has been long erjoyed, or is clear of doubt, chancery w'ill interfere without a trial at law. Mr. Justice Story says, (Id. 203,) "A court of equity will not only interfere upon the information of the attorney-general, but als6 upon the application of private parties, directly affected by the nuisance; whereas, at law, in many cases the remedy is, or may
be, solely through the instrumentality of the attorney-general." In the same volume, (p. 204,) it is said, "In regard to private nui-
sances the interference of courts of equity, by way of injunction, is undoubtedly founded upon the ground of restraining irreparable mischief, or of suppressing oppressive and interminable litigation, or of preventing multiplicity of suits." Mit. Eq. P.
byJeremy, 144, 145; Eden on Injunctions, ch. 11, 231, 238. " There must be such an injury, as from its nature is not sus-
ceptible of being adequately compensated by damages at law, or such as, from its continuance or permanent mischief, must occasion a constantly recurring grievance, which cannot other-
wise be prevented than by an injunction." "Formerly, indeed, courts of equity'%vere extremely reluctant to interfere at all, even in regard to repeated trespasses. But now there is not
the slightest hesitation, if the acts done, or threatened to .be done to the property, would be ruinous or irreparable." 2 Story's
Eq. 207. hi Ripon v. Hobart, 3 Mylne & Keen, 169, Lord Brougham
says, "if the thing sought to be prohibited is in itself a nui-
sance, the court will interfere to stay irreparable mischief without

568

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

waiting for the result of'a trial; and will, according to the circumstances, direct an'issue or allow an action," &c. Lord Eldon, in the case of Attorney-General v. Cleaver, 18 Ves. 218, appeared to think that there was no instance of an injunction to restrain a nuisance without trial. But in this he was clearly wrong.
The fact that the bridge constitutes a nuisance is ascertained by measurement. The height of the bridge, of the water, and of the chimneys of steamboats, are the principal facts to be as-
certained. If the obstruction exists, it is a nuisance. To ascertain this a jury is not necessary. It is shown in the report, by a mathematical demonstration. And the other matters, connected with the case, as to the benefit of high chimneys, lowering of them in passing under the bridge, and shortening chiin-
neys, are matters of science and experience, better ascertained by a report than by a verdict. And. the same may be said of the statistics which are in the case.
The 'object of the suit was, not the recovery of damages, but to enjoin the defendants from building the bridge which would
injure the plaintiff. If the bridge be a material obstruction to the navigation of the Ohio, it is not denied that the plaintiff would be injured. The ground of defence taken and maintained is,
that the bridge is not a material obstruction to commerce on the river. On this point there is no doubt. A jury, in such a case could give no aid to the court, nor security to the parties. Having had. notice of an application for an injunction, before
the defendants had thrown any obstruction over the river, they cannot claim that their position is strengthened by the completion of the bridge.
But it is said, the bridge constitutes no serious obstruction to the navigation of the Ohio; that only seven steamboats, of two hundred and thirty which ply upon the rver as high as Pitts-
burg, are obstructed ; and that arises from the height of their chimneys, which might be lowered at a small expense, in passing under the bridge; that by the introduction of blowers, the chimneys might be shortened without lessening the speed of the boats; that the goods and passengers which are conveyed on the public lines of communication, between Pittsburg and
Philadelphia, could be as well conveyed on boats of lower chim-
neys, and consequently the State, as proprietor of those lines, if at all injured, is injured so inconsiderably as not to lay the foundation of this procedure; that none of the packets or the other boats on the river are owned by the State of Pennsylvania.
That the bridge constitates an obstruction, is shown by the
report of the commissioner, the answer of defendants, the proof in the case, and by the admission in the argument of the coun'gel for the defendants. The report of the commissioner is con-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

569

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

sidered, as to the fact of the obstruction and the extent of it,

of the same force as a verdict of a jury. The report having

been the result of a most- arduous and scientific investigation

of the facts, is entitled to the full weight of a verdict. 2 Rail-

way Cases, 330. The fact of obstruction was a plain and

practical question, but it was connected with other matters in-

volving questions of Acience, which were to be settled on the

opinion of experts, and a report being fairly made, the court

will, generally, assume it as a basis of action, unless it shall

be shown to have been made under improper influences, or

through a mistake of facts. 1 Railway Cases, 576; Shelford

on Railways, 430.

In his report the commissioner says: "The boats running in

that line, and passing the site of- the present suspension-bridge,

in 1849, previous to the time when the first cables were thrown

across the eastern branch of the Ohio, at Wheeling, were

the Clipper, No. 2; the Hibernia, No. 2; the Brilliant; the

Messenger, No. 2; the Isaac Newton; the New England, No.

2; and the Monongahela.

"The Clipper, No. 2, came out in March, 1846, was 215 feet

long, and had chimneys 64 feet high. The Hibernia, No.2, came

out in 1847. She was- 225 feet long, and her chimneys were

72A feet high from the water. The Brilliant came out in Feb-

ruary, 1848, was 227 feet long, and had chimneys 71 feet high.

The Messenger, No. 2, came out in the Winte r Spring of 1849,

was 242 feet long, and has

n 76 feet high. The Isaac

hNigehw.tonThweasNe1w82 Efneegtlalnodn,g,Noa.n2d, hwaads c2h2i2mnfeyets lonnlgy, a6n3d fheetr chimneys were 65 feet high. "The dimensions and height of

the chimneys of the Monongahela," the commissioner says, "I

have not been able to ascertain from the evidence."

" There Wheeling

winertehealSsporitnwgoanodthSerumremgeurlarof p1a8c4k9e,tsprreuvnionuinsgtoptahset

erection of the bwo

Telegraphs, running as regular

packets between Pittsburg and Louisville. The chimneys of the Telegaph, No. 1, were S0 feet high, and those of the other

Telegraph were 79 feet 9 inches high. "Not more than two or three of these nine packets had their

chimneys prepared for the Summer of 1849.

low~ering at And of the

the five

close of largest

othnelynoanveigoatfiothnemin

could have gotten under the bridge on a twenty feet stage of

water wiTh the chimneys standing; and thatone, the Brilliant,

could not have gotten under when the water was more than twenty-one feet upon the Wheeling Bar. And neither of the.

-wo Telegraphs could have gotten under the'bridge at a thirteen feet stage of the water with their chimneys standing."
48*

570

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

" If the bridge," says the commissioner, "had been erected in 1847, therefore, and those nine' packets had then been running, two of 1hem could not have gotten under the bridge for nearly three months, when the water was thirteen feet and over; two of them would have been unable to get under for thirty-three days, when thewater on the bar was twenty feet
and over; anotheir, the Brilliant, from nineteen to twenty-five days, when the water was twenty-nine fTet and over; and the other four as much as ten days, when the water was twentynine feet and over, - unless they had lowered or cut off their
.chimneys." "The passage of three of the Pittsburg and Cincinnati pack-
ets, which were running on the Ohio before the erection of the bridge, had been actually stopped or obstructed by uch
bridge previous to the oider of reference Li this cause: the M'Iessenger, No. 2, the Hibernia,- No. 2, and tha Brilliant.
"The first of these boats arrived at the bridge on the 10th of November, 1849, on her downward passage, upon a twenty feet
stage of water, and had to cut off her chimneys before she could pass the bridge. She was detained there about seven hours, but I believe she did not lose her trip or passengers. She was subsequently detained at the bridge seven hours, and was obliged
to cut off her chimneys a second time." " On the 11th of November, 1849, the Hibernia, No. 2, reached
the bridge on her upward trip. They attempted to get her under the bridge by sinking her deeper ia the water with coal ballast. But, in attempting to pass the bridge, the top of one of her chimneys caught upon a projection from the under side of one of the flooring timbers, and injured the chimney so that it had to be taken down ana repaired. The boat was detained thirty-two hours at Wheeling on that occasion; and was obliged to hire-another boat to take her passengers on to Pittsburg, except such of them as preferred to cross the . mountains
by the way of Cumberland. " On the 18th of the same month the passage of the Hibernia,
No. 2, was again obstructed by the bridge on her downward passage; by which she lost an entire trip. Finding she could
not get under the bridge.in time to save her trip, she transferred her freight and passengers to another boat, and returned to Pittsburg. And the passage of the same boat was again obstructed by the bridge in coming up the riVer last Spring. On that occasion she arrived at Wheeling between nine and ten
o'clock in the morning, and finding she could not get under the bridge she gave up the trip, and landed her passengers, who proceeded east by way. of Cumberland.
"The Brilliant was obstructed by the bridge on her passage

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.
up on the 18th December, 1849, and had to wait until her chimneys could be cut off to enable her to pass under the bridge. The chimneys were cut off at great risk to the lives of those. who were engaged in the operation; and the boat passed under the bridge and proceeded to Pittsburg after a detention of four or five hours.
"In the Winter and" Spring subsequent to the erection of the bridge, the Buckeye State, the Keystone State, and the Cincin. nati, three new packets, were brought into the Pittsburg and Cincinnati lines, in the places of the New England, No. 2, the Isaac Newton, and the Monongahela. They were all of much larger dimensions and had much taller chimneys than the old boats for which they were substituted) and their chimneys were hinged and rigged for lowering." The chimneys 6f the Buckeye State were 74 feet 8 inches high, those of the Keystone 77 feet 5 inches, and those of the Cincinnati 84 feet 7 inches.
"Two accidents have occurred to those new boats in passing under the bridge since they came out. The Keystone State, on her downward passage, the 4th of March last, in attempting to pass under the apex of the bridge upon a thirteen and a quarter feet stage of water, could not get near enough to the Wheeling shore to pass under the apex of the bridge. And in attempting to drop down about twenty feet further west, one of the chimneys struck the bridge and tore away all the guys or fastenings of both chimneys, except one guy-rod, broke the westerly chimney in two, broke off the hinge from the other chimney, and tore up some portions of the hurricane deck to which the guy-rods were fastened. And if the -remaining guy-rod had given way, both chimneys, weighing together about four tons, would have fallen down."
A somewhat similar accident, it seems from the report, occurred to the Cincinnati, in October, 1850.
On the practicability and safety of lowering the chimneys a great number of witnesses were examined. And the commissioner says, although there was great conflict in the testimony as respects the danger to the limbs and lives of the passengers in the operation, yet, he says, when the facts sworn to are examined, there is a decided preponderance against the safety of lowering the chimneys. And he remarks, "The very elevated as well as large chimneys used upon the Cincinnati and Pittsburg packets, and other boats of that class, cannot certainly with any facility or safety be lowered by hinges at the tops. They are therefore obliged to lower them at the hurricane-deck, by means of a derric. The weight of the,.parts of the two chimneys which must be let down upon those large boats is estimated by the witnesses to be from three to four tons. This

572

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

enormous weight hanging over the cabin, or rather over the berths of passengers, in process of lowering, would probably prove disastrous in the extreme if by any accident the chimneys should come down by the run; which is very likely to occur, from the carelessness or stupidity of the green hands that the
owners and officers of Western boats are so often obliged to employ."
And if to the difficulties stated in the report there be added
the darkness of the night, a snow storm, or the falling rain congealing on' the roof of the boat arid covering it with ice, and a
high wind, which generally is experienced in a storm, it would be impracticable, while the boat was proceeding at the rate of ten or twelve miles an hour, to lower the chimneys, and this must be done or the boat must land. During this operation, the pilot, on whom the safety of the boat and the lives of the passengers in a great degree depend, must, from his position, be in imminent danger.
The expense of lowering the chimneys, if practicable and safe, would constitute no inconsiderable item. The time lost in raising'and lowering chimneys is variously estimated by the witnesses at from one to three hours. Take the minimum of such estimate, and, according to the zalculation of Colonel Long, the expense of the boat amounts to $8.33 per hour. Each packdt will have to lower its chimneys every time it passes under the bridge, which will be, ordinarily, sixty times a season, amounting to the sum of $499.80, a charge on each packet.
To this may be added the apparatus for lowering the chimneys, estimated at $400, which, with its repairs, may be estimated at $100 peT annum during the life of the boat, which averages five years. And it is in proof that stationary chimneys will last five
years, but if subject to be lowered they will only last half that time. The cost of chimneys for a boat is stated at $1000, which may be considered as an increased expense to each boat
of $200 per annum. These sums added together make a total of $799.80, which sum multiplied by seven, the number of the packets, make the sum of $5,598.60 which the owners of these packets must necessarily pp.y as an annual tax, .byreason of the
obstruction of the bridge, if they run their boats and lower their chimneys.
But it is contended that the difficulty of passing under the bridge may be obviated by shortening the height of the chim-
neys without lessening materially the speed of the boat.
That high chimneys increase the speed of the boat is proved in the case practically and scientifically.
Professors 'Renwick, Byrne, and Locke say, that by a law of nature the force or velocity of a draft depends upon the height

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

573

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

of the chimney; the force and velocity being measured by the difference in the weight between the column of air within the chimney and an outside column of equal height and diameter; so that a reduction of the height of the chimney involves a diminution of that force with which nature supplies air to combine with fuel for combustion, and by consequence there follows a diminution of heat developed in the furnace, of steam generated in the boiler, and of power by which the wheel is moved and the boat propelled.
The commissioner, in his report, says, "the deduction of science also shows that the draft is increased by elongating the chimneys." In this question economy of fuel is not the object to be attained, but the greatest practicable speed consistent with safety. And this is attained, where there is no defect in the furnace, by the combustion of the largest amount of fuel. Fortythrnee bushels of bituminous coal are consumed per hour by each of the Pittsburg packets.
The commissioner says, "In relation to the question whether chimneys as high as those now in use upon the Pittsburg and Cincinnati packets, and some of the larger boats on the Ohio, are necessary for obtaining the maximum of speed desirable in the navigation of the river, there is a diversity of opinion among the witnesses, especially among those who are not acquainted
with the scientific principles of chimney-draft in reference to the combustion of fuel for the generation of steam. But I think there is a. great preponderance of the testimony even of that class of witnesses in favor of the necessity of very high chimneys upon the large Ohio steamboats."
And he further remarks: "Rejecting the deductions of science on the subject, the teachings'of experience show, that as boats upon the Ohio have been gradually improved in their dimensions, from time to time, and the height of their, chimpeys increased, they have been enabled to run-with greater speed, to the evident advantage of commerce and of travel upon the rivers. And the fact that several different projects, for procuring artificial draft, such as blowers, as an available substitute for the draft of tall chimneys, have been tried upon the Western waters, and have failed'and been abandoned, is very strong evidence in: favor of the necessity of natural draft for the combustion of wood and bituninous coal upon the steamboats navigating the Ohio."
There is no better evidence of utility, than the progress made in the structure of steamboats and of the machinery by which they are propelled. Men who are engaged in navigation learn by experience and adopt that which will be most conducive to
their own interests.

574

SUPREME COURT2.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

It appears, from thestatement of Scowden, an engineer, that the chimneys of the first boat, called the Cincinnati, were 84 feet high from the surface of the water when light, and about 74 feet high from the centre of the flues. Her chimneys were shortened 8 feet, and it diminished her speed up stream from a
mile to a mile and a half per hour. Captain Hazlep states that, adding 8 feet to the chimney of the Telegraph, in 1849, increased her speed about half a mile an hour up stream. And by Captain Duval, that the Clipper's chimney being cu.t off 8 feet, in order to pass the Wheeling Bridge, reduced her speed about three hours between Cincinnati and Pittsburg. And it may be fairly inferred, that a reduction of 20 feet would reduce the speed between Cincinnati and Pittsburg about four hours.
According to this estimate, the cost of the boat per hour be. ing, as above stated, $8.33, if there should be an average loss of four hours in each trip, it would amount to $33.32. This sum multiplied by sixty, the average number of trips each season, would amount to the sum of $1,999.20, and this being multiplied by seven, the number of the packets, would make the sum of $13,994.40, an annual loss by the owners of the packets, by reducing the height of their chimneys, so as to pass under
the bridge at the different stages of the water. But it is said these seven packets are the only boats obstruct-
ed by the bridge of the two hundred and thirty which ply upon
the Ohio, and run to Pittsburg. The transportation of goods and passengers by these packets
will show their relative .importance, as instruments of commerce, between Cincinnati and Pittsburg. From the evidence, it appears that they convey about one half of the goods in value and three fourths of the passepgers, between those cities. Taking the Keystone State as a criterion, each packet transports annually thirty thousand nine hundred and sixty tons of freight, and twelve thousand passengers. The line was established in 1844, and it appears from the proof, that since that time it has trans-
ported between the above cities, nearly a million of passengers. It is in proof that the life of these packets averages five years,
when their places in the line must be.svpplied by new boats. If to their original cost.of construction, there be added the expense of running them for -fiveyears, adding nothing for repairs or accidents, a total sum will'te exugnded of $15680,000. This amount of capital is a Dropriated every five years in -running
this line-of packets. The structure of the bridge cost less than
one eighth of that sum. The speed of these boats, their excellent accommodations, and
their general good management, recommend them to the pub. lic, as is shown by the large amount of goods and passengers

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

575

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

they convey. And any change in their structure, or in the pro.
duction of the propelling power, which shall impede their progress, would not only impose upon their proprietors a most
onerous tax, but it would greatly lessen their profits, by reducing
the amount of freight and passengers. And no part of the amount would, probably, pass to other boats on the river, but to the northern or southern lines, where greater expedition is given.
In the report of the commissioner, a statement is made of the
stages of water, at Wheeling, for twelve years, beginning on the 10th of March, 1838, and ending on the 9th of the same
month, 1850.
The highest part of the bridge, by actual measurement from the ground, is 91.31 feet. This elevation is only at a single point, two hundred and eighty-four feet from the face of the eastern abutment. From the apex it deflects east and west,
being at the distance of forty feet westward only 89.48 feet above the ground, and at the same distance east only 89.77 feet above the ground. The chimneys on the seven packets require a space of about thirty feet in width to pass under the bridge
within the eighty feet allowed, and the depth of 'water and a sufficient headway, must be deducted, to show the height of the bridge for the passage of boats. The headway required, as appears from the report of the engineer, should be between the tops of the chimneys and the lowest parts of the bridge, from two to three feet. This would reduce the space, say two feet
and a half to 87.27 feet. In the twelve years above stated, the water was at the stage
of twenty-one feet and over, two hundred and nineteen days; consequently no boat, whose chimneys were 66. feet high, could have passed under the bridge. Twenty-one feet of water, are
substituted for twenty feet in the table reported, that statement allowing a foot of water below the measurement. The water, in the above period, was tventy-six feet and over, eighty-thre days, during which time no boat could have passed under the bridge whose chimneys were 62 feet high. The water was twenty-eight feet and over, fifty-five days during the twelve years, which would have prevented a boat from passing under
the bridge, whose chimneys were 60 feet high. .Within the same period, the water was sixteen feet and over, five hundred and thirty-four days; consequently boats, whose chimneys were 72 feet high, during that whole time could not have passed un-
der the bridge.
In his report, the commissioner says, "The bridge is nine hundred and eighty feet between the bases- of the two abutments. At the highest point of the bridge, for the distance of about fifty-six feet in width, there is a clear headway, for the'

SUPREME COURT.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.
passage of steamboats with their chitineys standing, of 91 feet above extreme low water. But this space of fifty-six feet in width is not over any part of the river at extreme low -water. The water upon the Wheeling Bar must be about four feet deep, to bring the easterly edge of the stream under the western extremity of the fifty-six feet. And it must be more than fifteen feet deep upon the bar to enable a steamboat, drawing five feet, to avail itself of the ninety-one feet headway above low-water mark, for the whole width of fifty-sLx feet."
"It follows,, from this statement of facts, that a steamboat, drawing five feet of water, and whose chimneys are 79 feet high or over, can never pass under the apex of the bridge, at any stage of the water, without lowering her chimneys."
From the data referred to, the defendants' counsel contend
that in a few years, at most, there will be a concentration of railroads at Wheeling, aid at other places on the Ohio, connecting the Eastern with the Western country, which, from their speed and safety, must take from the river the passengers and a considerable portion of the freight now transported in steamboats. That these roads, crossing the Ohio River, will reach the commercial ports of the interior, and diffuse a larger amount of commerce than that which is now transported on the Ohio. And it is intimated that the Wheeling Bridge may be used by the railroad cars; but it is clearly proved that the bridge is not calculated for such a transportation.
However numerous these roads maybe, there can be no doubt, that, like similar roads in other parts of the country, their cars -will be loaded with freight and passengers. But it may not follow that the Ohio and our other rivers will be deserted, or their business reduced. We have an extent of river coast, counting both shores, exceeding twenty-five thousand miles, through countries the most fertile on the globe. This is a greater distance than the combined railways of the world. That our railroads, as avenues of commerce, may develop our resources in a greater degree than is now anticipated, must be the desire of every one. But the great thoroughfares, provided by a beneficent Provi. dence, should neither be neglected nor abandoned. They will still remain the great arteries of commerce.
Past experience teaches us, that however the facilities of commerce may be multiplied, her tracks will be filled with productions which enriclhthe country and add to the comforts and enjoyments of its rapidly increasing population. The rewards of labor will give an .irresistible impulse to enterprise which must secure to our country a prosperity unequalled - in history. Our internal commerce is mire than three times as great as our foreign, and the increased lines of titercourse will cause both

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

577

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &a. Bridge Co. et al.

rapidly to advance. The protection of the river commerce is

by no means hostile to any other. The multiplication of com-

mercial facilities will, in the same proportion, increase the arti-

cles of trade.

If viaducts must be thrown over the Ohio for the contemplat-

-ed railroads, and bridges for the accommodation of the numer-

ous and rising cities upon the banks of the river, it is of the

highest importance that they should not be so built as materially

to obstruct its commerce. If the obstructions which have been

demonstrated to result from the Wheeling Bridge, are to be mul-

tiplied as these crossways are needed, our beautiful rivers will,

in a great measure, be abandoned. An experience of forty

years shows how much may be done in the structure of steam-

boats, in the improvement of their machinery, and the propelling

power, to increase the speed and the comfort of that mode of

transportation, under a continued reduction of expense. But if

the limit of advanoe, in this respect, has already been passed;

and a retrograde movement is necessary, by rejecting the Jm-

provements recommended by ingenuity and experience, we close

our eyes to one greai source of our prosperity. What would the

West-now have been if steam had not been introduced upon our

rivers, and their navigation had not remained free? Without an

outlet for the products of a prolific soil and the instruments of

mechanical ingenuity, the country could have made but little

advance.

It is said that the interest of commerce reqdires navigable

waters to be crossed., and that in such a case the inquiry should

be, whether the benefit conferred upon commerce by the cross

route, is not greater than the injury done. In the case of the

King v. Sir John Morris, 1 Barn. & Adol. 441, it was held, that

the injury cannot be balanced against the benefits secured. And

in the case of the King v. George Henry 'Ward, 4 Ad. & El.

384, it was held, where the jury found that an embankment com-

plained of was a nuisance, but that the inconvenience was

counterbalanced by the public benefit arising from the alteration

it amounted to a verdict of guilty.

If the obstruction be slight, as a draiv in a bridge, which would

be safe and convenient for the passage of vessels, it would not

be regarded as a nuisance, where proper attention is given to

raise the draw on the approach of vessels. Of this character is

the complaint of the plaintiff against the bridge, that it obstructs

sea-vessels built at Pittsburg. Sails cannot be used to advan-

tage on the Ohio- br the Mississippi, consequently there can be

n6 necessity of 'raising the masts until .it becomes necessary to

hoist the sails. Such vessels float down the river or are tdweA

by sfeam-vessels.

VOL. XIII.

49

.'t8

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

It is true the injury done to the State of Pennsylvania may seem to be small, when compared to the magnitude of this subject. It applies to all our rivers, and affects annually a transportation
of many millions of passengers, and a commerce worth not less than six hundred millions of dollars. It would be as unwise as it is unlawful to fetter, in any respect, this vast commerce.
In all the charters, granted for the construction of bridges over navigable waters, it is believed all the States, not excepting
Virginia, have provided that their navigation should not be ob-
structed.
The Bridge Company had legal notiee of the institution of the suit, and of the application for an injunction to stay their proceedings, before their cables were thrown across the river. This should have induced them to suspend, for a time, their great work, alike -creditable to the enterp:'ise of their citizens, and the genius and science of the engineer who planned the bridge and superinteiided its construction. It is a matter of regret that, by the prosecution and completion of the bridge, they have incurred a high responsibility.
For the reasons and facts stated, we think that the bridge obstructs the navigation of the Ohio, and that the State of Pennsylvania has been, and will be, injured in her public works, in such manner as not only to authorize the bringing of this suit, but to entitle her to the relief prayed.
'Believing, from the estimates in the case, that the obstruction
to the navigation.of the river may be removed by elevating the bridge, at an expense which, when added to the original cost, will leave a reasonable profit to the stockholders, on the entire capital expended, we have endeavored to ascertaiA the lowest point of elevation which will secure this object. And, on a full view of the evidence, we are brought to the conclusion, that an elevation of the lowest parts of the bridge for three hundred feet
over the channel of the river, not less than one hundred and eleven feet from the -low-water mark, will be sufficient -the flooring of the bridge descending from the termini of the elevation, at the.rate of four feet in the hundred; this will give a level headway for bbats of three hundred feet in width, and will enable those whose chimneys are eighty feet high to pass under the bridge when the water is thirty feet deep from the ground, leaving the tops of the chimneys two feet below the lowest parts of the bridge. If this or some other plan shall not be adopted'
which shall relieve the navigation from obstruction, on or before the 1st day of February next, the bridge must be abated.
We do not deem it necessary to provic'e against the floods,
which seldom occur, and which, when at the highest, overwhelm the lower parts of our cities and towns on the banks of the

DSCEMBER TERM, 1851.

579

State- of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al

Ohio, and necessaxily suspend, for a short time, business upon the river.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY dissenting. As this is a case of much importance to the parties and the public, and I do not concur in the judgment of the court, it is my duty to express my opinion. I shall do so as briefly as
" can.
The first question to be decided is, whether this bridge is a public nuisance or not, which this court has a right to abate. The State of Pennsylvania, it is true, complains of an interruption to her canals, in which, in her character as a State, she has a proprietary interest, analogous to that of an individual owner. She seeks redress for this injury. But she proceeds upon the ground that the bridge is a public nuisance, from which the State receives a particular injury to its property beyond that which the public in general sustain. And the foundation of her claim, as stated in the bill, is, that the bridge is an unlawful obstruction to the navigation of a public river, and therefore a public nuisance. The immense mass of testimony, contained in this record, is directed almost altogether to that point. In order, therefore to maintain the bill, it is incumbent upon the State to show that this bridge is a public nuisance. And, if it is a public nuisance, it must be because it is a violation of some law which this court has a right to administer.
In examining this question, it must be borne in mind that, although the suit is brought in this court, the law of the case
and the rights of the parties are the same as if it had beerr brought in the Circuit Court of Virginia, in which the bridge is situated. Pennsylvania, as a State, has the right to sue in this court. But a suit here merely changes the forum, and does not
change the law of the case or the rights of the parties. And if, in the Circuit Court of the United States, sitting in Virginia, this bridge could not be adjudged a nuisance, and abated'as such, neither can it be done in this court. The State, in this controversy, has the same rights as an individual, and nothing more. And the court is bound to administer to the State here the same law that would be administered to an individual suitor, suing for a like cause, in a Circuit Ciosuerrteoctfedth. e United States, sitting in the State where the bridge
Assuming, then, that it does obstruct a public navigable river, and would, at common law, be a public nuisance, I proceed to inquire whether this court is authorized to declare it to be such, and order it to be abated.
The Ohio being a public navigable stream, Congress have
undoubtedly the power to regulate commerce upon it. They

580

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

have the right to prohibit obstructions to its navigation ; to declare any such obstruction a public nuisance; to direct the mode of proceeding in the courts of the United States to remove it; and to punish any one who may erect or mairtain it; or it may
declare what degree or description of obstruction shall be a public nuisance: as, for example, the height of a bridge over the river, or the distance to which a wharf may be extended into its navigable waters.
But this power has not been exercised. There is no law of
the United States declaring an obstiuction in the Ohio or any other navigable river, to be a public nuisance, and directing it to be abated as such. Nor is there any act of Congress regulating the height of bridges over the river. - We can derive no jurisdiction, therefore, upon this subject, from dny law of the United States, and if we exercise it we must derive our authority from
some other source. But we cannot derive it from the common law. For it has
been settled, since the beginning of this government, that the courts of the United States as such, have na common-law juris; diction, civil or criminal, unless conferred upon them by act of Congress. It is tr-e that the courts of the United ,States, when sitting in a State, administer the common law, where it has been adopted by the State. But it is administered as the law of the State, under the authority and direction of the act of Congress,
which makes the laws of the-State the rule of decision in a court of the United States, when sitting in the State, provided such laws are not contrary to the Constitution, laws, or treaties, of the United States. We cannot, under the rule Of decision thus pre.' scribed, adjudge this bridge to be a nuisance, although it may
obstruct the navigation of the river, unless it is a nuisance by the common law, as adopted in Virginia and modified by its statutes. But this bridge was built under the authority of a statute of the
State. The structure, in its present form, has been sanctioned by the legislature. It is therefore no offence against the laws of the State; and a Circuit Court of the United States, sitting in the
State and governed by its laws, when not in conflict with the Constitution or laws of the United States, or treaties, could not order it to be abated as a public nuisance; and this court has no higher power over this subject, either at law or in equity, nor any other rple to guide it, than a Circuit Court sitting in Virginia.
And as the bridge is not a nuisance by the laws of that State, and there is no act of Congress making the obstruction -of a
public river an offence against the United States, and we have no comnmoi law to which the court may resort for jurisdiction, I do not understand by what law, or under what authority, this court can adjudge it to be a public nuisance and proceed to

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

581

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

abate it, either upon a proceeding in chancery or by a process
at law. ft it is a public nuisance, it is an offence either against the
United States or the State of Virginia, for which the persons who erected or who continue it, are liable to be indicted. For we need go no further than.Blackstone's Commentaries (4 BL Corn. 167,) for proof that the unauthorized obstruction of a navigable river is an offence, and may be punished in a criminal proceeding by indictment. Can the parties who built or continue
this bridge be indicted for it as an offence against the public'? This appears to me to be the true test. We are inquiring whether there is any law which the court has the power to administer, under which this bridge may be adjudged a public nuisance or
purpresture? If there is, then the persons who erected it maybe
punished'in a criminal proceeding.
For if it is a.public nuisance or purpresture, it is an 'offence against the sovereignty whose laws have been violated. Could
they be indicted for an offence against the United States? This will hardly be contended for, as common-law offences cannot be punished in its courts, unless they are declared offences by act of Congress. And as we have no such act of Congress, it is clear that an indictment charging the obstruction as an offence against the United States, could not be maintained. It is equally
clear, that an indictment, charging it as an offence against the State, could not be supported, for the law of the State sanctions its construction. It may be asked, in reply to this view of the subject, is this great river then liable to be obstructed by bridges whenever the States, through whose territories it passes, choose to authorize them ? and are the inhabitants above the obstructions to be shut out from its navigation, and without redress? The argument ab inconvenienti would be entitled to great consi-
deration, if there was any foundation for it, although it would not alter the law. But this opinion leads to no such result. For I have already said that Congress have the power to declare the obstruction of a navigable stream an offence against the United States, and to authorize the courts of the United States to abate it as a nuisance; and any law bf a State to the contrary would
be unconstitutional and void. If, therefore, there be an evil, it may easily be corrected by the
legislative authority of the general government. But if Congress have not thought proper, or do not think proper, to exercise this power, and public mischief has arisen, or may arise from it, it does not follow that the judicial power of the United States may step in and supply what the legislative aathority has omitted to perform. It does not by any means follow that the judicial
power may declare an obstruction in or over a navigable stream,
49*

582

SUPREME COURT.

Stateof Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

an offence against the United States before the legislative power has forbidden it, and conferred authority upon the courts to punish or remove it.
Undoubtedly this court has original jurisictiQn when a State is a party. But it cannot exercise that jurisdiction without some law prescribing the mode of proceeding, the rule of decision, and the evidence by which the right in dispute is to be tried. The unskilful and careless manner in which a steamboat is navigated may impede the passage of other vessels, and sometimes endanger their'
safety, yet if Pennsylvania sued here for any injury arising from this cause, we could exercise no jurisdictioa and give no redres unless there was some law to guide us. Ar[d when a case of this kind is not embraced in any law of the United States, we always
resort to the established usages 'of navigation on the river, and the laws of the State in whose jurisdiction. the injury was suis.tained.
'The cases in which the court has taken jurisdiction in questions of boundary between States, stand on different-ground. The odginal jurisdiction was conferred by the Constitution. The evidence upon which the right in controversy must be decided, depended upon the laws and usages of nations in, disputes of that kind. Congress had no power over the subject. It could 'neither give nor take away the right of either party, nor prescribe the evidence bywhich it was to be tried. All that Congress was required to do, or could do, was to authorize the court to issue the proper process to bring the parties before it, and to conduct the proceedings to final judgment. This was admitted on all hands to be necessary before the court could exercise the jurisdiction which the Constitutionhad conferred. And in the case of New Jersey v. New York, (5 Pet. 287, 288,) it was held thAt the acts of 1789 and 1792 had clothed the court -withthe necessary power.
The rule as to navigable waters is this Every independent
nation has the exclusive jurisdiction over .the navigable waters lying within-its territorial limits. It has the right to regulate cbmmerce upon them, and to determine what bridges may be built over them, or piers or wharves extended into them. And
an erection authorized by the legislature cannot be a nuisance, public or private. This was the situation cf the old States prior to the adoption of the Constitution. Each was then an independent sovereign State. But by the Constitution of the United States, they surrendered to the general government the poweito regulate commerce. And thus, while they retain their absolute territorial jurisdiction over their navigable waters in all other respects, Congress may forbid the erection of any structure in a navigable stream, which it deems an obstruction to commerce,

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

583

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

and may declare it a nuisance, and direct-it to be removed. ·But all the original authority of the State over the river remains subject to that limitation. For otherwise, until Congress thought proper to legislate, navigation on the river would be under no control. Boats might be run down with impunity, and obstructions of every kind ereited in or over it, which the State could
not prevent or punish. The bridge in question is entirely within the territory of Vir-
ginia. Prior to the adoption of the Constitution of the United States, she had an unquestionable right to authorize its erection.
She still possesses the same control over the river, subject to the power of Congress, so far as concerns the regulation of commerce. The' United States and Virginia are the only sovereignties which can exercise any power over the river where the
bridge is erected. Virginia has authorized it, and Congress have acquiesced in it. Congress have made no regulation declaring
such a structure unlawful, or authorizing any judicial proceeding against it. If Congress, to whom the power is granted to regulate commerce, have acquiesced, how can the court, to whom the power is not granted, undertake to regulate it, and declare this bridge an unlawful obstruction, and the law of Virginia unconstitutional and void? With all my respect for my brethren, I think it is an error, and I had almost said, a grave one.
If it should be said that the compact between Virginia and
Kentucky makes the river free independently of the Constitution, the answer is obvious. The compact does not deprive Virginia of the power to regulate the police of the river, or to authorize bridges or piers, or other structures in. it. Such a compact between States has always been construed to mean nothing more than that the river shall be as free to the citizens or subjects for which the other party contracts, as it is to the citizens or sub-
jects of the State in which it is situated. But if this compact or any compact should be construed to prohibit the, erection of the bridge, the proceeding should be to enforce the observance of the compact. If erected in violation of a compact, it is still not a nuisance, because there is no law prohibiting it. It would be a breach of contract by the State, and. the remedy in a very different mode of proceeding.
This compact between Virginia'and Kentucky, in relation-to
the navigation of the Ohio, was one of the articles of agreement under'which Virginia consented that Kentucky should become a separate State. Kentucky could not become a separate State without the consent of Congress: Bit the act of Congress, which gave that assent, makes no reference whatever to the terms of the agreement, between the States. It does not make the United States a party to them, nor guarantee their execution.

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvaniia v. The Wh-eeling &ac. Bridge Co. et al.

It simply declares its consent that the district of Kentucky

should, on the 1st of June, 1792, become a State, according to

its actual boundaries, on the 18th of December, 1789. The act of

Congress is in 1 S.tat at Large, 189, and contains no allusionwhat-

ever, direct or indirect, to the navigation of[ the Ohio. It leaves

the compact as it was; that is, a compact between the two

States, and nothing more, and to be enforced by a proceeding upon

it. Nor is there any difference in the rights 3f navigation between

the. rivers and bays of the Atlantid States and those of the

West. The old and the new States in this respect stand upon

an equal footing. It was so decided in this court in the case of

Pollard v. Hagan, (3 How. 212,) and that decision has been sanc-

tioned in subsequent cases, to which it is not now necessary to

refer.

The complainant, however, insists that the law of the United

States for.enrolling and licensing coasting vessels, gives to the

vessel so enrolled and licensed, the right to navigate the river

free from obstructions : that this law, therefore, by necessary im-

plication, forbids the erection of the bridge which obstructs the

navigation; and, conseqaently, defines the rights of the parties.

And if a vessel is obstructed, the law is violated, and the in-

jured,party entitled to his remedy, and to have the obstruction

removed. The case of Gibbons .v.Ogden is relied on to support

this proposition.

This, brings up the question, whether the law of Virginia,

sanctioning the erection of this bridge, is or is not repugnant to

the-Constitation or laws of the United States. Is it repugnant

to the clause of the Constitution which gives Congress the

power to regulate commerce ? or to any law passed under it?

If it is not, then the structure complained of, being within the

territory of the State, and authorized by its legislature, can-

not be a public nuisance or a private nuisance in the eye of the

law. Nor has any one a right to complain- of it as an unlawful

obstruction in his way; nor to maintain a suit atlaw or in equity

for any inconvenience or loss he may sustain from it. Assum-

ing that we may exercise jurisdiction on the. ground that the

complainant claims a right under the above-mentioned act of

Gongress, neither the point nor the principles decided in Gibbons

v. Ogden have, in my judgment, any application to the case be-

fore us. In that case, the Legislature of New York passed a law

galrlanthtiengwatotercserwtaiitnhinpertshoensjutrhiesdeicxtciolunsivoef pthriavti"leSgteateof wnaitvhigbaotiantgs

moved by fire or steam;

authorizing the Chancellor of the

State t restrain by injunction any person whatever from navi-

gating these waters with boats of that description. The complainant claimed under the grantees of the rmonopoly, and sought

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

585

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

by his bill to restrain the respondents from navigating the waters embra:ced in it. And this court held, and correctly held, that the law of the State was unconstitutional; that a vessel enrolled and licensed for the coasting trade, under an act of Congress, had a right to navigate any of the navigable .waters of the
United States; and that no State had a right to forbid it. There was no questidn in that case as to the authority of a
court of the United States to declare an obstruction in a river, which a State had authorized, to be a public nuisance, and treat it as an offence against the United States. The waters in ques-
tion were navigable, and free from impediments of that description; and the boats of the parties who claimed the exclusive privilege were daily paszing over them. The only question in the case was, whether all vessels, enrolled and licensed by Con-
gress, had not the right to pass over the same waters as freely as the vessels of the monopolists. The court said they had; that they had an equal right with the complainant to use the navigable waters of New York. But thecourt do not say that an obstruction placed in the water, whioh renders navigation in-
convenient or hazardous, is a violation of the act for licensing and enrolling coasting vessels, or in conflict with it; nor do they
say that this act of Congress confers on the court the power to adjudge it a nuisance, and order it to be abated. There was rio such question before the court. It was not in the case, nor was the attention of the court in any way called to it by the argu-
ment. Now, in this case, Virginia has passed no law giving exclu-
sive privileges to navigate the Ohio River through her teiritory.
-If the bridge is an obstruction, her own citizens, engaged in the navigation of the Ohio, are equally disabled from passing as the citizens of any other State. The question, therefore, on
which. this case must turn, did notarise in Gibbons v. Ogden. But it did arise, and was expressly decided in the case of Wilson v. The Blackbird Creek Marsh Company, 2 Pet. 245. It was the point in the case. A dam across a navigable creek had been authorized by the Legislature of Delaware, as this bridge has been authorized by the Legislature of Virginia. It stopped a navigable creek, and, as the court said, must be supposed to abridge the rights of those who were accustomed to use it. So this bridge is supposed to impede the -navigation of the Ohio, and abridge the rights of those accustomed to use it. Yet, in the case referred to, the court said, that as Congress, in the execution of its power to regulate commerce, had passed no law to control State legislation over these small navigable creeks, thelaw of Delaware was not repugnant to the Constitution, not being in conflict with any law of Congress. It will be remem-

586

SUPREME COU.3tT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et s],.

bered that the act of Congress for enrolling and licensing vessels, under which Gibbons v. Ogden was decided, was still in force, but was regarded by the court as inapplicable to the obstruction occasioned by the dam. The result of these two cases is this. The act of Congress gives to,vessels enrolled and licensed under .it the right to navigate the public Waters wherever they find them navigable; and any State law prohibiting it, is unconstitu-
tional and void. And, upon this ground, the judgment of .the State court of New York, which had decided otherwise, was
reversed. But this act of Congress has no application to an obstruction created by a dam across the navigable water, and without further legislation by Congress, the law of Delaware, which authorized the dam, was constitutional and valid. And upon that ground, the judgment of the State court of Delaware, which sanctioned the obstruction, was affirmed. I can see no difference in principle between the last-mentioned case and the
case at bar. There has been no further legislation by Congre5 on that subject since that case was decided. And as the principle is the same, the decision should be the same; and the
case of Wilson v. The Bladkbird (reek larsh Company, should, in my opinion, govern this.
It can hardly be supposed, that the circumstance that a port
of entry is established on the Ohio River, above the bridge, distingulishes this case from the one referred to. The right which the act of Congress gives co vessels enrolled and licensed for the coasting trade, is certainly not confined to the navigation between ports of entry. They have the right to enter aily navigable creek or river which may suit their convenience, or the business and employment in which they are engaged. And
any State. law which forbids them to do so, or attempts to confine the right to particular persons, is anconstitutional. Any yessel enrolled and licensed had a right to proceed up Blackhird Creek as far as she found navigable water; and her right was as perfect as if a port of entry had been established at the head
of navigation. Nor can the size of the creek, or the small number of vessels that'used it, as compared with the Ohio, make any difference between the cases. It was the right that was in question; and that right was the same whether the navigable water was narrow or wide, or used only by a single vessel, or frequented by hundreds.
The case of Wilson v. The Blackbird Creek Marsh Company is entitled to the more weight, because it was decided after the case of Gibbons v. Ogden, which appears, by the report, to have been recalled to the attention of the court, and relied upon in the argument; and the opinion in the last case was delivered by the same learned judge who delivered the elaborate opinion

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

587

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

in the former one. It shows that he, and the learned court in which he presided, did not consider the principles on which Gibbons v. Ogden was decided,-applicable to a case where an obstruction was placed in a navigable water, impeding, generally, the passage of vessels; and were of opinion that the courts of the United States had no jurisdiction which would authorize therm to remove or abate it, or treat it as unlawful, without further legislation by Congress. I think it more safe to follow their own construction of their own opinion in Gibbons b. Ogden, than to look for a new one.
Indeed, apart from any decisions on the subject, I cannot perceiv how the mere grant of power to the legislative depart.
ment of the government to regulate commerce, can give to the judicial branch the power to declare what shall, and what shall not, be regarded as an unlawful obstruction; how high a bridge must be above the stream, and how far a wharf may be extended into the water, when we have no regulation of Congress to guide us. Nor do I see how we can order a bridge or a wharf to be removed, unless it is in violation of some law which we are authorized to administer. In taking jurisdiction, as the law now stands, we must exercise a broad and undefinable discretion, without any certain and safe rule to guide us. And sach a discretion, when men of science differ, when we are to consider the amount and value of trade, and the number of travellers on and across the stream, the interests of communities and States sometimes supposed to be conflicting, and the proper height and form of steamboat chimneys, such a discretion appears to me much more appropriately to belong to the Legislature than to the Judiciary.
Besides, I think there is an insuperable objection to this pro-
ceeding in equity even if this bridge should be regarded as a nuisance, public or private. And it appears to me to be settled law in 'England, as well as in this country, that chancery will not interfere by injunction where the evidence is conflicting and the injury doubtful. I do not speak of informations in chancery where the attorney-general is a party, for this is not a proceed-
ifig of that kind. But I speak of- cases between individual parties, like the present one. And the rule above stated, when
there is a conflict of testimony, will be found in 2 Story's Codi. page 201 to 207, where the subject is fully examined, and the cases which have been decided referred to. And a case where
there is more conflict in the testimony of men of high character and undoubted skill and knowledge could hardly be imagined, than is presented in the record before us; nor a case where the injury is more doubtful. For, after the experience of two years,
we see how small the loss has been.compared with the immense

SUPREME COURT.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et &1.
trade and the multitude of steamboats, which, during that time, have passed under it.
Neither can the jurisdiction of a court of chancery be supported upon the ground that the injury is immediate and irreppyrable, or that any serious embarrassments lie in the way of an action at law. The injurr, after two years' experience, has not been found serious enough to lessen the navigation and commerce of the river. On the contrary, they have been continually increasing since this bridge was built. And if it be an injury for which the party is entitled to a remedy, he has a plain and adequate remedy at law; and, therefore, upon general principles of equity, and more especially under the express provisions of the act of 1789, he has no right to.come into chancery for relief. And if an action at law were brought by the State in the Circuit Court of the United States, -sitting in Virginia, the proceeding at law would be as free from embarrassment and difficulty as any action at law for any injury for which the law gives a remedy. And there is no reason to suppose that the respondents are not. able to answer to any amount of damage, which, upon the evidence in this case, the State of Pennsylvania might recover against them.
If it should be said that as the Legislature of Virginia have sanctioned the erection of this bridge, prejudices in favor of it might be supposed to influence the jury, the answer is obvious. The law would be decided by the Circuit Court, subject to the revision and control of this court; and we are bound to presume that a jury, in a Circuit Court of the U'nited States, would do equal justice between citizens of their own State, and another State or its citizens. The Constitution and laws so presume. And, certainly, this court would never act upon any apprehension that justice would not be done, by a jury in any State, when summoned and impanelled according to the laws .of the United States. And still less could it be induced to assume extraordinary and unusual powers from fears or suspicions of that kind.
But Pennsylvania has the right to sue in this court, or in the Circuit Court, at her election. She has the same right to sue hee in an action at law as she has to file her bill in equity. And in an action at law brought here by the State of Georgia v. Brailsford et al. (3 Dal. 1,) the case was tried by a jury in the same manner as if the suit had been brought in the Circuit Court. And the jury, brought here to try this case, would be altogether free from suspicion of bias or prejudice.
It 'may be said that such a proceeding here would-emuarrass and retard the business of this court, ani would be expensive and onerous to the complainant, as the witnesses must be

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

589

State of rennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

brought from a distance and detained here for a considerable

time. This is true. But if the State sues in this court, instead

of the Circuit Court, it does so by its own choice. And if the

remedy at law in the forum selected is embarrassing anid ex-

pensive, it has no right to complain of what is the necessary

consequence of its own act; nor to go into equity to avoid diffi-

culties at law, which arise from the nature of the forufn to

which the State voluntarily resorts; and certainly no inconven-

ience to the court could alter the law, nor give it equity juris-

diction where the law has denied it. In the language of the

act of Congress, Pennsylvania has in this case a plain and

adequate remedy at law, and has no right, therefore, to. come

to the equity jurisdiction of the court, until her legal right

has been established.

Indeed this case, in my view of it, pushes the jurisdiction

of chancery further than has heretofore been done in England

or in this country.

The bridge hs been erected and completed without any

previous injunction to restrain the respondents from proceed-

ing in the work. It is charged to be a public nuisance. But.

Pennsylvania has no right to proceed against it solely on that

account. She proceeds, and is entitled to proceed,, only for the

private and particulai injury to her property which this public

nuisance has occasioned. If the court order it to be demolished,

it is not to protect the public or any portion of the community

who may be supposed to be injured by it. For the govern-

ment, which represents the public, and is charged with its inte-

rests, is not before the court; and has not complained of this

structure, nor sought to have it removed. Pennsylvania is the only

party asking for relief; and her damage, as proved in the record,

is a-trivial loss of some few dollars in tolls; and the mere pos-

sibility of an annual future loss to some small amount, concern-

ing which the testimony is vague and inconclusive, and at best

but conjectural. She has no ,concern with the obstruction to

boats with high chimneys, nor with the amount of trade from

Pittsburg, or any other place, further than such evidence tends

to show the bridge to be a public nuisance. The owners of

steamboats, and the persons engaged in commerce are not

parties to this suit,.and the State of Pennsylvania has no right

to prosecute for them. She must not only show that boats with

high chimneys are more profitable to the owners, and better for

commerce, than those with lower, ones, but she must also show

that the necessity of reducing them will lessen the profits of her

canals. I see no proof in the record by any means sufficient to

establish that fact. And we are called upon to demolish a

structure which cost more than $200,000 to save the State of

VOL. XIII.

50

590

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

Pennsylvania from this speculative, questionable, and at most, inconsiderable loss. It seems to me that if the power and jurisdiction of this court were clear, and supported by precedents, yet,
this court, upon settled principles of equity jurisprudenee, would refuse to destroy property of so much value, and which the public, by its proper officer, does not charge to be a nuisance, merely to guard against the possibility of an inconsiderable loss by the State. It is precisely one of those cases in which the court would, at all events, require the party to establish his right at law before he comes into equity, or to make the attorneygeneral a party, and g6ive the public an opportunity of being heard where its interest is so deeply involved.
I do not doubt the powver of the Court of Chancery to abate
a public nuisance, upon an information in chancery, to which the attorney-general is a party. But even in a case of that
hind there must be danger of irreparable mischief before the tar. diness of the law cain reach it. This is the doctrine of this court in the case of the City of Georgetown v. The Alexandria Canal Company, 12 Pet. 08. But such a case is not now before us. The attorney-general is not a party. Pennsylvania sues as an individual for a private right. And in a case of this description I am not aware of any case entitled to be regarded as an authority in this cotirt, where chancery ever interfered by injunction except;.by way of prevention, that is, to stay the contemplated stru6ture, until it could be decided, in a proceeding to
which the public, wa's a party, whether it was a public nuisance or not. We must-be careful not to confound cases of public nuisance with merely private ones. For, in the former, the public have aninterest to abate it if a nuisance, and to protect it,
if it is not, and therefore have a right to be heard, whether the trial be hi ecjuity or at law.
This was evidently the opinion of this court in the case of the City of Georgetown v. The Alexandria Canal Company, arid
of Lord Eldon, in the case of Crowder v. Tinkler, 19 Ves. 616, therein cited, with approbation. In the last-mentioned case, where the court interfered for prevention, and not to abate a structure already completed, the chancellor placed the injunction upon the ground that the nuisance about to be erected would be attended with extreme probability of irreparable injury to the property of the plaintiffs, including also danger to their existence. And that this was clearly established in that case befbre he awarded the injunction. Such is the :rule upon this subject
which has been sanctioned by this court. Certainly no one of the material circumstances which existed in Crowder v. Tinkler,
can be found in this. And if the principies decided here in the case of the City of Georgetown v. The Alexandria Canal Coin-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.
pany, are. recognized as the law of this court, I can see no founda. tion for the injunction in the case before us. For it not only has none of the circumstances in it, upon which the injunction was granted in Crowder v. Tinkler, but in that case, strongly as it appealed to the preientive power of the Court of Chancery, the court merely suspended the erection until the question of public nuisance or not could be tried by a jury upon an indictment. It did not grant a perpetual injunction, and still less did it order what had already been constructed to be abated or removed.
So far I have considered the case upon the assumption that the bridge, upon common-law -principles, might, upon the evidence, be determined to be a nuisance. And, admitting that to be the case, I think, for the reasons above stated, that in the absence of any legislation upon the subject by Congress, this proceeding cannot be maintained. I shall, therefore, very briefly express my opinion on the evidence.
I am by no means prepared to say, that this bridge would be a public nuisance even at common law. The evidence of the degree in which it obstructs navigation is exceedingly volumi. nous, and it is impossible to go fully into an examination of its comparative weight, in a manner that would do justice to the subject, without making this opinion itself a volume. It is sufficient to say, that in all questions of this kind, the general convenience and interest of the public in the travel and trade across the river, as well as on its waters, must be taken into consideration. For whether it is a public nuisance or not, depends upon whether it is or is not injurious to the public. The cases in the State Courts, and in the Circuit Courts of the United States, referred to in the.argument, which I shall not stop here to examine, in ray opinion maintain this doctrine. And upon principle, independently of adjudications, it cannot be otherwise. A structure which promotes the convenience of the public, cannot bea nuisance to it. And the public, whose interests are to be looked to in this case, is not the public of any particular town or district of country, or State. or States, but the great public of the whole Union. Taking this view of the question, and looking to the testimony as set forth in the, record, and more especially to that unerring test, experience, which the lapse of time has afforded, I am convinced that the detriment and inconvenience to the commerce and travel on the river, is small and occasional only,-while the advantages which the public derives from the passage over, are great and constant. And if the courts of the United Steites had common-law jurisdiction, and the question was legally before us to determine whether this bridge was a unblic nuisance or not, I am of opinion that it is not; and that

592

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

the advantages which the great body of the people of the Uni. ted States reap from it, outweigh the disadvantages and inconve. niience sustained by the commerce and navigation of the river.
Moreover, the jurisdiction exercised in. this case, is new and without precedent in this court Bridges have been erected over many navigable rivers, and built so near the water, that vessels
can pass only through a draw. Such bridges are unquestion-
ably obstructions, and impede navigation. For where the ves-
sels are propelled by sails, and the wind is unfavorable, they are often detained not only for hours, but for days. The courts of the United States have never exercised jurisdiction over any of these obstructions, nor declared them to be nuisances., I should be unwilling, in a case like this, to exercise this high and dell. cate power without precedents to suppor; me in analogous cases. The demolition of this bridge would occasion a heavy loss to
the parties, and much inconvenience to a large portion of the community. The United States are not parties to this proceeding, and the particular injury sustained by the complainafit is exceedingly small. And it is solely for the protection of her small, remote, contingent, and speculative interest in tolls, that this bridge is pulled down. For it must be remembered that, although we see in the testimony that' injuries 'are alleged to
have been suffered by others, yet the State of Pennsylvania .is the only party to this proceeding, the only one who appears m this court as complainant, and her particular loss is the only ground on which jurisdiction is claimed, and the only injury which the court is called on to redress; or has a right to con-
sider in this proceeding.
The testimony, too, is conflicting; men of eminence and skill, and well qualified to speak on the subject, differing widely in their testimony. And I am the more unwilling to assume this
questionable jurisdiction, because the legislative department of the general government has undoubted power over the whole subject, and may regulate the height of bridges over the Ohio, and of the chimneys of steamboats when passing under them, and may, while it guards the rights of navigation in the stream, at the same time protect the rights of passage and travel over it. That department of the government has better means, too, of obtaining information, than the narrow scope of judicial proceedings can afford. It may adopt regulations by which courts of justice may be guided in an inquiry like this with some degree of certainty, instead of leaving them to the undefined discretion which must now be exercised in every case that may be brought before. us, without being able to lay down any certain rule, by which this discretion may be. limited. It is too near the confines of legislation; and I think the cdurt ought
not to assume it.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.
Entertaining this opinion, I must, with all the respect I feel for the judgment of my brethren, with whom it is my misfortun6, to differ, enter my dissent.
Mr. Justice DANIEL dissenting. In entering upon the consideration of the case before us, the mind is at once impressed with the belief that there never has been, that there perhaps never can be brought before this tribunal, for its decision, a case of higher importance or of deeper interest than the present. The subjects which it presses upon our examination, nay, upon which the judgment of this court has been demanded, and has inevitably determined, are nothing less than1st. The jurisdiction or authority of this court, under one of the heads of Original Jurisdiction, enumerated in the Constitution. 2d. The correct interpretation of the power of commercial regulation vested in the federal government, either exerted simply as such by that government, or as affecting the power of internal improvement in the States. 3d. The policy or influence of particular regulations with respect to commerce, as these may tend to restrict it within circumscribed channels, or to promote its general activity and diffusion, by facilities operating a reasonable and just equality of right, of competition, and advantage to alL 4th. The character of the proceeding complained of as a unsance, the regularity of the proposed mode of redress, and the right of the complainant to claim the interference asked for in any mode. The magnitude of these topics would seem, in some degree to excuse, in treating them, the hazard of prolixity, and at any rate, lying as'tthey do in the direct path to the proper survey of this case, they cannot with propriety be overstepped, without pausing upon their examination. When, at a former period, this c&use was before this court, the several topics just enumetated were cursorily adverted to by me as, necessarily involved in its adjudication; and the course then adopted by the court was formally objected to, because that course seemed a premature and foregone conclusion upon facts and legal positions entering essentially into the nature of the controversy; facts and legal positions not then maturely examined and ascertained, as'the order of the court at that time made, necessarily iriplies; and which could not, according to established precedent, and the highest adjudications, be properly investigated in the mode proposed. The subsequent proceedings upon the' order of the court at the January term, 1850, have
500

594

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

greatly strengthened the objections assigned by me on that
occasion. These proceedings have, at an almost incalculable expenie to the parties, brought hither an immense mass of mat. ter, much of which on the one hand is not -within the inquiries directed by the court, whilst on the other, inquiries strictly pertinent seem to have been wholly excluded. It has placed before us a long and very learned report, to be su:re, in part upon subjects entirely dehors the order of the court, and in other aspects of the same report, (I speak it with all respect for the highly intelligent
and respectable author of that report,) palpably opposed, in my opinion, to the rational and just preponderance of the facts stated br the witnesses; a report, in fine, which leaves in all its weight and force, the mischief of withdrawing the trial of the question of nuisance from its proper forum, in which the witnesses could have
been confronted and cross-examined; and imposes upon the court the task of passing upon the credibility of those whom they have never heard nor seen. Even in matters of minor con6ernment, I have always been unwilling, whenever the credibility of witnesses was to be tested, to interpose between such persons and the scrutiny of a jury, awakened, as it is sure to be, by the vigilance of the advocate; where the ess3ntial rights and interests of great communities are at stake, I never will do so, unless constrained by irresistible authority.
Recurring now to the first head of inquiry, I contend that the complainant can have no standing here, on the ground that this court cannot, as is shown, both upon the face of the pleadings
and upon the proofs, take jurisdiction of this cause. If this court can take-cognizance of the cause before us, it must be in virtue of the 2d section of the 3d article of the Constitution, which declares that "in all cases affecting aihanassadors, other public ministers and consuls, ana those in which a State shall be a party, the Supreme Court shall have original jurisdiction."
There is no other provision of the Constitution under which original cognizance of this cause by the Supreme Court can be assumed. Now, to arrive at the just interpretation of this clause of the Constitution, as fixing that position or interest of the State as a party, which alone creates original jurisdiction in the Supreme Court, At is necessary to settle the import of the word
party, as connected with legal or equaitable proceedings. By b11 correct legal intendment, this term party is. applicable only to persons sustaining a direct or real interest or right in any pending *litigation; an interest or right immediately affected or bound by
the issues such litigation involves, This term cannot be extended to persons who may be arbitrarily and irregularly named in proceedings either at law or in equity, the very description of whose relation to the case shall evince a total absence of legal or equi-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

595

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

table claims upon the subject of litigation; a total absence, too, of reciprocal duty or obligation with reference to those whose property and whose possession and enjoyment of that property, are sought to be affected. Whilst courts of justice, therefore, will enforce the conventing of all whose interest can properly be
adjudged, they will repel and even rebuke attempts to assail, or
even to canvass, the rights and interests of others, by those who in effect concede the want of a legal or equitable title in themselves. Courts of justice take no cognizance of imperfect rights, or such as may be termed merely moral or incidental, as distinguishable from legal or equitable, even when the existence of the former may be clearly shown. In this controversy, the State of Pennsylvania, admitted to have no property in or title to the
River Ohio within the limits of Virginia, and no p'operty in or title to the steamboats which ply upon that river, is confessedly
made use of as a mean, under the shelter of her name, of redressing grievances, which, if they ever had existence, are injuries to her citizens and to individuals, and the proper and efficient remedy for which is to be found at the suit of those citizens in the courts
of the State or of the United States. The alleged right of Pennsylvania to sue in this case, for a diminution of profits from her canals and other works of internal improvement within her own territory, and many miles remote from the Wheeling Bridge, had it not been cast into'shade by a still greater extravagance disclosed by the record, (her right of ship navigation with top-gallant royals al standing,) might have awakened some surprise; but even this tamer and less lofty pretension should fail of the end it has been designed to effect, for it cannot be pretended,
and is not even intimated in the pleadings in this cause, that those canals and other public works have been obstructed or rendered in any respect less fitted for transportation, or in any
way impaired by the erection of the Wheeling Bridge beyond
her territory, and within that of a separate and independent State. And if the mere rivalry of works of internal improvement in other States, by holding out the temptation of greater despatch, greater safety, or any other inducement to preference for those works over the Pennsylvania canals, be a wrong, and a ground for jurisdiction here, the argument and the rule sought
to be deduced therefrom should operate equally. The State of Virginia, who is constructing a railroad from the seaboard to the Ohio River at Point Pleasant, much farther down that river than either Pittsburg or Wheeling, and at the cost of the longest tunnel in the world, piercing the base of the Blue Ridge Mountain, should have the right by original suit in this court against
the canal companies of Pennsylvania, or against that State herself, to recover compensation for diverting any portion of the

SUPREME COURT.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.
commerce which might seek the ocean by this shortest transit to the mouths of her canals on the Ohio:, or to the city of Pittsburg; and on the like principle, the Stgte of Pennsylvania has a just cause of action against the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad, for intercepting at Wheeling, the commerce which might otherwise be constrained to seek the city of Pittsburg. The State of Pennsylvania cannot be a party to th'.s suit on -the grounds stated in the bills filed in her name, for the reason, still more cogent than any yet assigned, viz. that to permit this, would be to render the clause in the Constitution, relied on in her behalf, utterly useless, and even ridiculous; would destroy every restriction intended by the enumeriation of instances of original jurisdiction; and would confound this clause with another provision of the Constitution, designed to cover'cases precisely like the one now before the court. If in all instances in which the citizens of one State have cause of action against a citizen or a corporation of a different State, the action can be prosecuted in the name'of the State in which the claimant resides, although no peculiar or legal right or cause of action can be shown in such State sustaining the character of a private suitor, then the restriction as to cases of original jurisdictikn is entirely abolished; the defending party, too, must be entitled to the same right of substitution, and all suits between citizens of different States might, by this process, be transformed into suits between States, or suits to which States are.parties; cases of original jurisdiction in this court. That provision of the Constitution designed to embrace controversies between citihens of different States is thus annulled, and the jurisdiction of the District and Circuit Courts transferred, as falling within its original cognizance, to the Supreme Court. Such, to my apprehension, appears to be the inevitable result of asserting what are essentially and clearly private rights or interests, in the name of a State, or the prosecution of remote, contingent, and imperfect interests not amounting to property, though claimed on behalf of a State. I conclude, therefore, that to constitute a State a party in that sense which brings her within the meaning of the Constitution, and indeed within the import of the term party to a cause by all correct legal intendment, there must be averred and proved on her behalf, a certain and direct interest, or an injury, ox a right ofproperty-a perfect right-a rightwhich a court of justice can define, adjudge, and enforce; and that on the part of the State of Pennsylvania no such right having been. averred even, much less established in proof, nothing is shown which can maintain the jurisdiction of this court in this cause. The shadowy pretext of an interest or injury, froin the nature of things not susceptible of calculation or estimate, can never be the

DECEM1BER TERM, 1851.

597

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

foundation of a right, legal or equitable. And, indeed, so far as any light can be reflected by facts on this pretended or incidental interest of Pennsylvania, resulting from any supposed effect upon the tolls on her canals, an actual increase instead of a diminution of those tolls since the erection of the Wheeling
Bridge, is proved.
Passing from this subject of jurisdiction, and supposing it for the present to be vested here, I proceed to examine the pretensions of the complainant, as being deducible from, and as guaranteed by, the power delegated to Congress to regulate commerce between-the several States. The existence of that power, in its
fullest extent, and for every purpose -for which it has been delegated to Congress, need not be questioned, in order to expose and to repel the pretensions advanced for the complainant. On the contrary, the assertion of *thatpower in its greatest latitude, so far as it was ever contemplated by those who gave it, or so
far as it can be exercised for useful purposes, carries with it necessarily, the condemnation of those pretensions. The power to regulate commerce was given to the federal government,
whose functions and objects were designed to be general and coextensive with the entire confederacy, because its duties embrace the equal rights and interests of all the members of the confederacy, and as a mean of the widest diffusion of commercial facilities and intercourse within the powers vested by the Constitution. It cannot be rationally concluded that, by a provision palpably intended to protect commerce from unequal or invidious restrictions, the power was given to Congress to advance so fat towards restriction or monopoly as to limit commerce to particular channels; thereby crippling ot wholly preventing its diffusion and activity, and, by the, same process, conferring upon particular points or sections of the country, arbitrary and unjust advantages, and riveting, upon all those portions affected by such a procedure, loss and even ruin. Admitting, then, that Congress had made any regulation affecting the subjects of this controversy, (and it will hereafter be shown that they have not done so,) admitting, moreover, that their acts or regulations might fall within the broad language of the power vested by the Constitution, it remains still a just and fair inquiry, whether those acts which are arbitrary or oppressive, which'defeat the great ends for which the power, thus perverted, may have been within the legitimate scope of the powers alleged in excuse for their performance. In other words, whether Congress, as a regulation of commerce, would, be justifiable in breaking down works of
internal improvement within the States, though calculated in their character and tendencies for the diffusion of commerce, and by such destruction limit commerce to particular local points or

598

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

interests? Common sense and common justice would promptly
answer in the negative, and would decids that a rational and
proper, nay, the only rational and proper, exercise of the regu.
lating power in Congress, demands the promotion and protection of such modes and facilities of commercial intercourse, (so far as Congress have this,power,) as will insure equality to all, and the widest diffusion of commercial advantage. 'Surely, then, in the absence of all action on the part of Congress, this court should imply no policy or design in that body to fetter or cripple great interests which they are charged with the power and duty
to protect. But Congress have enacted no regulation whatever in relation to the subject of this controversy; they have not said
that bridges should nowhere be erected over the River Ohio, or, if erected, what should be their elevation above the water; neither have they declared, upon scientific calculatibns or upon
experiments, or on any data, what shall be the height of the ehimL3ys of steamboats on that river, nor to what degrees, either from their own calculations of improvement in speed, or from fancy or local rivalry, the owners or masters of steamboats on that river may elongate the chimneys of those steamboats. Upon
all these matters Congress have thus far been perfectly silent. Admitting, then, that the State of Pennsylvania can be regu-
larly before us in the character of a party in interest, this contro-
versy presents to us, in truth, simply a comparison between the will and the acts of the parties thereto, ind an appeal to tlis
court, in the absence of all action by Congress, - by some rule which it must deduce from the common law of nuisance, to decide upon the comparative merits or demerits of the parties, - to decide whether the benefits produced by the Wheeling Bridge to the surrounding country, and by its connection with extended
lines of travel and commerce, can save it from the character of a nuisance. Or whether its interference, in certain stages of water,
With the chimneys of seven steamboats, owned by private individuals, the height of whose chimneys is a subject of.much con.
trariety of opinion, both amongst scientific men and practical
builders and captains of steamboats,-can so constitute it a public nuisance, and a cause of such direct injury to the legal rights and interests of Pennsylvania, as to justify its abatement by this court. In'the albsence of all action by Congress in relation to this matter, in the only legitimate mode in which Congress
could affect it, viz., by commercial regulation, or by some express statutory declaration, the act of one of these parties in the prosecution of their interests must claim intrinsically equal
authority with the acts of the other, except so far as they may
have -ome common arbiter by whom both may be controlled. In this case, that arbiter would seem to be either the local sove.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

599

State bf Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

feignty, (the State of Virginia,) within wlase territory the alleged nuisance is situated, or the United States, through some
enactment for the regulafion of commerce; but neither of these authorities is invoked in this controversy. We have here a suit in the name of Pennsylvania, occupying the position of every
private suitor, asking the action of this court upon general dommon-law jurisdiction over the subject of nuisances, which jurisdiction the courts of the United States do not-possess. Nori it enough to draw within our cognizance the subject of this cause, to affirm merely the competency of Congress to legislate
upon it, and to refer its decision, if they choose, to the federal courts. I ask upon what foundation the courts of the United States, limited and circumscribed as they are by the Constitution, and by the laws which have created them and defined their juisdiction, can, upon any speculations of public polioy, assume to themselves the authority and functions of the legislative de-
partment of the government, alone clothed -with -those functions by the Constitution and laws, and undertake, of their mere will, to supply the omissions of that department? Is it either in the language or th eory of the Constitution, that ths court shall exercise such an auxiliary or rather guardian and paramount authority? Cannot the legislative department of the government be
intrusted with the fulfilment of its peculiar duties ? Such an
act as this court has been called upon to perform; such an act as it has just announced as its own, is, in my opinion, virtually an act of legislation, or, in stricter propriety, (I say it not in an offensive sense,) an act of usurpation. To rest our authority to adjudicate this matter on the naked proposition just stated, would be to reject the doctrine by this court heretofore most expressly ruled. The case of Wilson v. The Blackbird Marsh
Creek Company, (2 Peters, 24-,) .seems to be conclusive upon this point. This case presented an instance of an absolate obstruction by a dam of a watercourse navigable by vessels of considerable size, and in which the tide ebbed and flowed. The person who undertook to destroy or injure the dam constructed across this navigable water,was the master of a vessel regularly
licensed and enrolled according to the navigation laws of the United States; and being sued for a trespass committed in break-
ing or injuring the dam, he pleaded, in justification of his act, the character of the navigable water as a public and common high. way, for all the citizens of the particular State, and of the United States, to sail, pass, and repass over, through and upon, at all times of the year, at their own free will and pleasure. Upon
comparing this case with the one before us, it is impossible not to.perceive that in many of their capital features they are strik-
ingly similar- may, indeed, be regarded as identical. In the.

SUPREME COURT.
State of Pennsylvania v. The- Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et a.
-former case, as in this, the watercourse said to'be obstructed was a navigable water; in that case, as in this, the locus in quo was within the jurisdiction of a State; an1 the alleged obstruction, irm each instance, an act of State legislation in exercising the power of internal improvement; in each instance, the right of passage to the extent and in the manner claimed, freely and at will usqup ad cawlum, was in virtue solely of license and enrolment; according to the navigation laws :)f the United States. Now, what said this court upon the aforegoing state of the pleadings and evidence ? " If Congress," said they, "had passed any*act which bore upon the case; any act in execution of the power to regulate commerce, the object of which was to control State legislation; over those small navigable creeks into which the tide flows, and which abound throughout the lower country of the middle and southern States, we should feel not much difficulty in saying, that a State law, coming in conflict with such act, would be void. But Congress has passed no such act. The repugnancy of the State law to the Constitution, is placed entirely on its repugnancy to the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations and among the several States; 'a power which has not been so exercised as to affect the questian. We do not think that the act empowering the Blackbird Marsh Creek Company to place a dam across -the creek, can, under the circumstances of the-case, be repugnant to the power to regulate commerce in .#sdormant state, or as being in conflict with any law passed on fe subject." This decision at once puts 1;o flight the pretext for ijiterference here to protect and enforce th 3duties and functions pf Congress, and equally exposes the fallacy that the grant of a. 'coasting license, of a mere certificate of the domicil of the vessel bearing it, of evidence prirndfacie,of her capacity or tonnage, or of her exemption from suspicion of smuggling or piracy, is a regulation of commerce over every inch of the waters over which, in her various excursions, she may pass. Just as cogent and tenable is the argument, if argument it deseryes to be called, which affiris that the establishment of Pittsburg as a port 6f entry, its mere designation as a point at which merchandise may be lpaonsditeidvesudbejceleatrattoionthbeyreCvoenngureeslsa,wpsresocfritbhieng UtnhietedmoSdteasteso,fisthae
transportation of such merchandise thithzr, and defining what shall be held to be an interference with such transportati6n. Equally, or rather more unsound and untrue, is the position that, by the same designation of Pittsburg, Congress have declared that vessels propelled by wind or steam, vessels of the greatest capacity, carrying masts or. chimneys of illimitable height, shall navigate a river whose ordinary regimen, to adopt a term in this record, scarcely affords a channel broad or deep

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

State of Ponntylvania v. The Wheeling &c: Bridge Co. et al.

enough for the tacking of a shallop, and for long periods of a few inches only in depth. This attempt, from the mere desig-

nation of a port of entry, to bring home to Congress the absurdities the argument implies, would ascribe to them a practical
wisdom much upon a parallel With that of the despot who attempted to confine the Hellespont in fetters, or of him who
forbade the approach to him of the ocean-tide. But Congress
have in truth enacted nothing in relation to the particlat subject in issue in this controversy; and we have seenj in the explicit 'declaration of this court, in the case from 2 Peters, that not only must there be some positive enactment by Congress, but an enactment "the object of which was to control State legislation over those navigable creeks into which the tide flows."

But again: it has been asserted, in justification of the power claimed by the majority of the court, that Congress, by adopting
the act of the Virginia Legislature, of December 18th, 1789, authorizing the erection of Kentucky into a State, have fully regulated the navigation of the Ohio River. And how is this position sustained by fact? By the 7th section pf her act of
1789, Virginia declares that, so far as her.own territory and that of the proposed State shall extefid upon the Ohio, the navigation of that river shall be free for all the citizens of the United States. . Congress, by an act passed February 4th, 1791, containing two sections only, (vide 1 Stat. at Large, 189,) consents, by the 1st section, to the-proffer of Virginia of the creation of the new State; and, by the 2d section, declares, that on the 1st day of June following, the new State, by the name of Kentucky, shall be admitted a member of the Union. These two sections comprise the entire action of Congress, fr5m which the position that has been asserted by the majority of the court is
deduced. Let us try the integrity of this position by reducing it to the form of a syllogism. The major of that syllogism will
consist of the fact, that Virginia, by her law of 1.789, has agreed that she and the newly proposed State will permitothe navigation of the Ohio within their respect;v limits, to all citizens of the United States. Its minor is this, -that Congress have as-
sented to the permission so .declared; the conclusion attempted to be deduced is, ergo Congress by that assent have completely
regulated the navigation of the Ohio, and by inevitable implication ordained that bridges shall never be thrown across that
river, except in absolute subordination to the interests or the will of the owners of steamboats upon that river. This may possibly
be logic, irrefragable logic; and tfie failure to comprehend its consistency may arise from the infirmity of my own perceptions; bu t I cannot help suspecting, that an acumen, far surpassing anyr to which 1 will lay clain, would be puzzled to reconcile this pro-

VOL. XIII.

51

SUPREME COURT.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.
cess with the laws of induction, as prescribed by Watts, by Duncan, or by Kaims.
The next inquiry, naturally arising in tlis case, an inquiry inseparably connected with the alleged obstruction by the Wheeling Bridge, as constituting it a nuisance or otherwise, an inquiry equal in magnitude of interest with any other involved, relates to the policy and effects of commercial regulati.o.ns, as these may
tend either to the restrition of commercewithin particular channels, or to supplying auxiliaries for its pro ecution, or for the pro. nmotion of its activity and diffusion by increased facilities, operating a just equality of right andi competition and advantage to
all. And here it may be premised, that throughout the discussion of this cause, a reigning fallacy has been assumed and urged upon the court, a fallacy, which, if successful, may subserve the grasping pretensions of the plaintiff, but which, by an enlightened view of this case, must be condemned as destructive to the extended commercial prosperity of the country. The error assumed as the basis of the plaintiff's pretensions is this, that commerce can be prosecuted with advantage to the country, only by the channels of rivers, 'and in all the country intersected by the western rivers, only through the agency of steanboats; and hence is"attempted the deduction in favor of the paramount privileges of steamboats, and the right claimed for this species of commercial vehicles for exemption from any limit upon the interests or the fancies of those who may' own or manage them. Ithas been a curious and somewhat amusing incident, in the argument of' this cause, that whenever any restraint upon the management of steamboats (on the Ohio) was intimated, (as necessary for the protection of other essential rights, both public and private,) the fixed rdply of the advocate in opposition has been, that commerce demands these peculiar privileges in the owners and masters of steamboats. Ali obvious and stricter propriety of argument would have suggested for that reply the following language: Steamboat proprietors, local monopoly, and the peculiar views of interest, real or imaginary, of the plaintiff, supply the t.ue origin and character cf the pretensions here urged; commerce, enlightened, extended, fair, equal, prosperous, and beneficial, condt nns all such pretensions ; she demands that freedom, fairness, competition, and equality, which are the true, and only true causes of her prosperity; and which the equalizing power vested by the Constitution, was designed to insure.
Commerce, in its infancy, is of necessity chiefly confined to the channels of watercourses. 'Weakness, poverty, or the absence of art or science, are unable, ixt the earlier stages of society, to supply more eligible or efficient modes for its prosecution, or, to overcome the difficulties attendant 6n transportation off the

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

603

State of Pennsylvania v. The. Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

water. Hence we see the rude essays of commerce commencing with the raft, the canoe, or the bateau but, as wealth and population, science and art advance, we trace her operations to the magnificent. ship or steamboat; each adapted to its proper theatre. Does not this very progress, and the advantages which are their concomitants, glaringly expose the folly and injustice of all attempts at the restriction of commerce to particular -localities, or to particular interests, or means of circulation? Are her operations to be confined to a passage up and down the channels of watercourses, impracticable for navigation'for protracted. periods, and whose capacity is always dependent on the contributions of the cloud, aviditas ewli aut nimius ivzber ? Would not such a narrow policy be a proclamation to commerce, inhibiting her advancement; and to the hundreds .of thousands situated without her permitted track, that the wealth, the luxuries, and comforts of civilization and improvement, if-to, be enjoyed by them at all, are-to be obtained only at far greater expense and labor, and in an inferior degree, than they are enjoyed by more favored classes? These positions are strikingly illustrated by the experience of our own times, and indeed of a very brief space. Thus, notwithstanding the high improvement in navigation by steam and by sails, which seems .to have carried it to its greatest perfection, wd see the railroad in situation's where no deficiency of water and no artificial or natural obstruc, tion to vessels exist, or ire complained of, stretching its parallel course with the track of the vessel, tying together as it were, in close contiguity, and connecting, in habit and sympathy and interest, remote sections of our extended countfy, which, for any aid that the navigation on our rivers could afford, must ever remain morally and physically remote. The obvious superiority of the railroad, from its unequalled speed, its greater safety, itsexemption from dependence upon wind or on depth of water, but above all, its power of linkin together the distant and extended regions interposed between the rivers of the country, spaces which navigation never can approach, must give it a decided preference, in many respects, to every other commercial: facility, and cause it to penetrate,. lngitudinally and latitudinally, loxge et late, the entire surface- of the country, unless arrested in its progress biy the fiat of this court; for, once let it be proclaimed that the rivers of this country shall, under no circumstances of advantage to the country, be spanned by bridges, at the trivial inconvenience and cost of adapting' to their elevatibn the chimneys of a few steamboats, even, if the height of those chimneys had been clearly shown to be nece~sary, or cerlainly advantageous, (a problem nowhere solved in this record),; let this, I say, be proclaimed, and the effect above mentioned i's

SUPREME COURT.
S-tate of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.
at.once accomplished; the rapidly increasing and beneficial system of railroad communication isbroken up, and a system of narrow local monopoly and inequality sustained. Whether these things shall now be done; whether, for these purposes, the citizens of this country shall be restrained in their social and. business relations, and so restrained under the iibused and perverted name of commerce, -are the questions which this court have been called on to decide, and which, fLn my view, they have affirmatively ruled. TThey are question' too grave, too pregnant with vital consequences, to have been decided upon the speculations of any one man living.
Itwas with the view, doubtless, of giving plausibility to the conclusion of the commissioner, or to the strange idea sought to be enforced in the argument for the complainant, that commerce signified only a passage up and down the Ohio, that so large a portion of the commissioner's report is taken up in treating, in learned phrase, of the dynamic and static capabilities of the Wheeling Bridge; or, translated into plain English, the capability of that bridge to sustain heavy bodies in motion and at rest. It does not seem very easy to reconcile this part of the report.,with the order appointing the commissioner, and prescribing his duties. That order directed the commissioner to ascertain and report whether the Wheeling B:Rdge was, in his opinion,:an obstruction to commerce upon the Ohio; and in the event that l should so regard it, to suggest any alterations by which such obstruction might be remedied. The dynamic or static capabilities of the bridge, introduced to our notice with some parade.of learning, whether it could support any weight, either in moti6n or at rest, were- subjects altogether dehors the order of this court, and without the warrant and powers of the commissioner. And this difficulty is in no degree lessened by the fact, disclosed .inthe record, that whilst the commissioner wandered beyond h'is commission to pronounce upon the capabilities of the bridge for railroad transit, he rejected all the evidence, tendered by the defendants, to prove the usefulness and importance of the bridge, either to the local population or as a 'public and commercial facility. This irregularity in the commissioner is of no small significance, as it betrays a bias on his part, however honest, which led him to thtrow the weight of his opinion against the usefulness of the bridge; a fact entering essentially into its chagracter, as being a nuisance or otherwise, and to withhold from this court evidence by which the value of his opinion might have been tested with precision. This same irregularity should have had its effect in warning this court to scrutinize the opinions of the commissioner on matters falling regularly within the scope of his commission. The evidence re-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

605

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

ceived, and that rejected on this particular point, were, perhaps, both inadmissible under the terms of the order of this court; but surely it should have been either wholly admitted or rejected on
both sides. And this brings me to the last branch of inquiry, which I have
proposed to treat, namely -The character of tire erection complained of; the regularity of the mode of redress proposed, and the right of the complainant to claim the interference asked for in any mode. First, then, can the Wheeling Bridge, according to any correct acceptation of, the term, be regarded as a nuisance ? This inquiry is answered by the solution of another, which is simply this: is that bridge injurious to the rights and interests of the public, or of individuals, beyond the benefits that its erection confers on both? Common sefise and consistency assuie us, that to pronounce that to be a wrong and an injury which is in reality beneficial, involves a plain absurdity; and
the language of legal definition fully sustains this conclusion of common sense; for, according to such definition, there must be the hurt, the nocumentum, the commune 2wcumentum,'the injury to the public right, to 'constitute it a public nuisance; for,
admitting the fact of injury by any act, still if, in its origin, character, and extent, it is essentially private, it may be trespass or some other form of 'injiiry, but not the public offence of nuisance. This position implies no denial of the right to show a private fiury resulting from a public nuisance; it insists only upon the necessity of showing where special or Private injury is alleged as flowing from a nuisance, that nuisance in reality exists. This forces back upon us the inquiries into the nature of the offence of nuisance; and when ascertained, against what public authority it has been committed? I have said, that upon
the plainest principles of common sense, no act in reference to the public, by which a public benefit is conferred, can be denominated a nuisance; and I insist that the rules and conclusions of the law are in accordance with this proposition.. These are forcibly stated in the case of the King v. Russell, 6 Barn. & Cress., particularly by Bayley, J., beginning at page 693 of the volume. That wa the case of an indictment for a nuisance by the erection, in the River Tyne, of a peculiar wharf or staging, called giers or staiths, for the purpose of loading coal on board ships in the Newcastle trade. The questions before the King's Bench arose upon the charge of' Bayley, J., who tried the case at visi ,prius,where his charge concluded in the following terms: "Thus, gentlemen, I apprehend I have pointed out to you the true ground on which your verdict is to be founded. If you
think this (that is the wharf or staith,) 'is placed not on a reasonable part of the river, that it does an unnecessary damage to
51*

606

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

the navigation, or that this is not of any public benefit, or that the public benefit'resulting fr6m it is not equal to the public inconven. ience arising from it, then you will find a verdict for the crown; if on these points you are of a different opinion, then for the defendants." This charge of Sir John Bayley was sustained in bank.
The reasoning in support of that charge byth at able judge, is given more at length than can be conveniently inserted here; but it presents a commentary upon this question so 'lucid, so entirely conclusive, that I cannot forbear to extract a portion of it, as illustrating, much better than I have power to do, the doctrines for which I contend. "1I subrmitted," says. Sir John Bayley, (page 594,)
to the consideration of the jury, that if, by means of these staiths, an article of great public&use found its way to the public at a lower price, and in a better state than i';otherwise would, I thought these were circumstances of public benefit, and points they might take into their consideration u.pon that head; and upon the best attention that I have been able to give the sub-
ject, I am bound to say I continue of that opinion. ,The right
of the public upon the waters of a port oi n2avigable river is not confined to the purposes of passage; trade and commerce are the chief objects, and the right of passage is chiefly subservient thereto. Unless there are facilities for. loading and unloading of shipping and landing, much of the public benefit of a port is
lost. In the infancy of a port, when it is first applied to the purposes of trade and commerce, unless the water by the shore be deep, the articles must be shipped in shallow water from the shore, and landed in shallow water on the -shore. Breakage, and pilferage, and waste, besides the expense of boating, are some of the concomitants of such a mode. As trale advances, the inconvenience and mischief of this mode are superseded by the erection of wharves and quays, and what is perhaps an improved spe.
cies of loading wharf, a staith. But upon what principle can the erection of a wharf or staith be supported? It narrows the eight of passage. It occupies a space where boats before had
navigated. Itturns part of the waterway into solid ground; but it advances some of the purposes of a port, its trade and commerce. Is there any other legal principle upon which they
can be allowed? Make an erection for pleasure, for whim, for caprice, and if it interfere in the least degree with the public right of passage, it is a nuisance. Erect it for the purposes of trade and commerce, and keep it applied to the purposes of trade and commerce, and subject to the guards with which this case
was presented to the jury, the interests of commerce give it protection, and it isia justifiable erection, and not a nuisance." In accordance with this doctrine, has the law been propounded by
the Supreme Court of New York, in the case of the People v.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et 'al.
The Rensselaer and Saratoga Railroad Company, reported in the 15th of Wendell, page 113. That was a prosecution against the company for placing abutments and piers in the bed of the Hudson River, and erecting a bridge across it, being a public navigable river. In delivering the opinion of the court, the law of the case is thus stated by Savage, Chief Justice, pp. 132, 1:3:3, of the volume above mentioned. "I think I may safely say, that the power exists somewhere to erect bridges over waters which are navigable, if the wants of society require them, provided such bridges do not essentially injure the navigation of" the waters they cross. Such power certainly did exist in the State legislatures before the delegation of power to the federal government by the federal Constitution. It is not pretended that such a power has been delegated to the general govern ment, or is conveyed under the power to regulate commerce and navigation; it remains then in the State legislatures, or it exists nowhere. It does exist, because it has not been surrendered any further than such surrender may be qualifiedly implied, that is, the power to erect bridges over navigable streams must be so far surrendered as may be necessary for a free navigation upon those streams. By a free navigation must-not be understood a navigation free from such partial obstacles and impediments as the best inter~stN of society may render necessary."
In conformity with the doctrines above quoted, and in support of the views here contended for, 'I might confidently appeal to the language of the judge, by' whom the decision of' this court has just been announced, on another occasion most explicitly and emphatically declared. Thus, in the case of Palmer v. The Commissioners of Cayuga County, which was an application'for an injunction to prevent the construction of a draw-bridge over the Cayuga River, upon the ground that it would obstruct the navigation of the river, that judge, in refusing the application, announces the following, as I conceive, unanswerable conclusions: "AA toll charged for the improvement of th e navigation, would not be a tax for the use of the river in its natural tate, but for the increased commercial facilities. A draw-bridge across a navigable water is not an obstruction. .As this would not be a work connected with the navigation of the river, no toll, it .is supposed, could be charged for the passage of boats. But the obstruction would be only momentary, to raise the draw ; and as such a work may be very important in the general intercourse of the community, no doubt is entertained, as to the power of the State* to make the bridge, It is one~of those general powers'possessed by a State, for the public
onvenience, and may. be exercised, provided it does not infringe upon the federal powers." These positions require no comment

608

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

from me; they commend themselves by their obvious propriety
and reasonableness. · I would simply remark, in connection with these positions, and as warranted by them, That any ob-
struction by the Wheeling Bridge is of course contingent and
not certain ; that even were it certain, under the present elevation of the bridge, this difficulty might be prevented at a compa-
ratively small expense and inconvenience by lowering, when necessary, the chimneys of a few steamboats for the purpose of
safe and speedy passage; that this operation, like the raising of a draw, would be only momentary; and as, to use the language of the judge, the Wheeling Bridge "may be a work of great im-
portance in a general intercourse, no doubt, is entertained, as to the power of the State to make the. bridge." It will be ad-
mitted, I presume, that the Ohio can clair no higher privileges than those appertaining to other navigable rivers.
It follows, then, from these adjudications, not less than from the principles of common sense, that the conclusion, nuisance or no nuisance, is dependent solely upon the character of the
act complained of as being noxious or beneficial to the public,
and that the ascertainment of that character, where it is doubt-
ful upon the circumstances, or where it is positively denied, is
regularly an investigation of fact to be made and settled, except under circumstances of peculiar urgency, by the established proc eeding of the common law in relation to l questions of fact; a
trial by jury. This is the doctrine of Lord Hale in reference to this very subject of obstructions in navigable waters, as quoted from his Treatise De Portubus,where it is said by that venerable judge, "the caseof building into the water where ships or vessels might formerly have ridden, whether it be nuisance or
not nuisance, is a question of fact." I will not here deny, nor is it necessary in any view to deny, that a court of equity will
prevent by injunction the creation of a "rivate injury in the
nature of a nuisance, or the continuation cf such an injury in a case proper for its .jurisdiction. Thus, where an individual or
private person is about to perform an act, or has performed an
act which is palpably and notoriously in its character a nuisance, from which private and irreparable injury will ensue to others, or has accrued to others, and will continue, a court of equity, upon the admitted or notorious cha:acter of the act from which the private injury is shown to proceed, and from-the irreparable character of that injury, will interpose by injunctior to
relieve the party injured. Such is the pr.nciple ruled by Lord Eldon, in the case of the Attorney-General v. Cleaver, 18 Vesey, 211, which was upon an information br private pe.rsons for private injury, though in the name of the attorney-general; and by the same judge in -the case of Crowder v. Tinkler, in the

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

609

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. BriAge Co. et al.

19 Vesey, 616. Such, also, I understand to be'tbe rule laid down by this court in the case of the city of Georgetown v. The Alexandria Canal Company. These cases all proceed upon the grounds of the ascertained character of the act complained of on the one hand, and of the private and irreparable nature of the injury shown on the other. This is as far, it is believed, as -the courts of equity have ever proceeded. They have never said, that where the act complained of was dubious in its character, as being a nuisance, or otherwise, and where that fact 'das a matter of contestation, they would assume jurisdiction a priori,or-without sending the question of nuisance to be tried at law, but have ruled the re-
verse of this; and in the cases just quoted from Vesey, Lord Eldon declared that he would not decide those cases until the
equivocal -or contested fact was settled at law. Again, it is ruled in the cases above quoted, and in many others which might be adduced, that although the courts of equity will, in order to prevent irreparable private injury, interpose by way of injunction, that where the abatement of a public nuisance is
the purpose in view, as that is an offence against the government, the attorney-general must be a party to any proceeding for such a purpose. In .this case the act complained of, if a nuisance, is a public nuisance, and is so. denominated upon the record, and by the decision of the majority. Its character, how-
ever, as a nuisance ih any sense is denied; and much testimony has been taken by both parties upon this contested question. The interests of Pennsylvania, who stands here in the relation of a private suitor, and the alleged injury to her private interests, are the sole foundation on which she has sought here the abatement of what she has asserted to be a public nuisance. And without the participation of any representative of the sovereignty either of the State or the federal government, without the agency of the attorney-general of the State, or of the United States, without the reference to a jury of any of the contested facts of this case, this court, in the professed exercise of original equity jurisdiction,.upon affidavits, and upon the opinion of a single individual, who has been, by this court constituted the
arbiter of all questions of public policy, of law, of science, and of art, and of the cotnpetency and credibility of all the testimonv
in the case, have decided upon the act complained of with reference to its influence upon the rights and powers both. of the United States and of the local sovereignty; upon the rights and interests of the complainant in the matter in controversy, and upon the extent of the injury, if any, done to those interests. They have, upon the same grounds, and in the like absence of the legal representative of either the State or federal sove-
reignity, directed a great public work, disapproved by neither of

610

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. TheWheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

those sovereignties, and by one of them expressly authorized and approved, to be, in effect, demolished.
I do not deem it necessary, if it were practicable, to examine here, in detail, the cumbrous mass of statement and speculation heaped together on this record. Such a task is not requisite in order to test the accuracy of the decision pronounced in this case, or to sustain the objections to which that decision is believed to be palpably obnoxious; both these objects appear to
me to be attained by regarding the charac':er of the case as described by the plaintiff herself, and the nature and manner of the proceedifng adopted by the court as a remedy for the case so presented. I will give, succinctly,, however, the results to which, in my view, the court should have been led by th6 facts of the case, and to which an industrious examination, at least, of the testimony, has conducted my mind. Before this, however, I
must be permitted to point out a striking inconsistency between the alleged ground of jurisdiction in this cause, as set forth in the pleadings, and the conclusior. to which the court has been carried, and the reasons they have assigned for their
conclusion. It will be remembered, that the ground of jurisdiction insisted upon in this case, is the injury alleged to have been done to the State of Pennsylvania,as a private suitor her peculiar interest alone and none other--for none other could give jurisdiction to this court under the Constitution; yet nothing is more obvious, than that the whole argument of the
court is founded upon the injury inflicted by the bridge upon the owners of certain steam-packets, and upon the trade of Pittsburg. Calculations are gone into, at length, to show what number of passengers and what amount of freight are carried by these particular packets; how much they would lose by be-
ihg deprived of.this business, or by being subjected to the inconvenience and cost of lowering their chimneys, and how muck the business of Pittsburg would be injured by the obstruction complained of. Thus the true character of this caus& is betrayed in the very argument and conclusions of the court. The name and alleged interests of Pennsylvania, as a private suitor, are used to draw to this court jurisdiction of this cause; but no sooner is that jurisdiction allowed in the name of Penn~ylvania, than she, and any peculiar or corporate interests she was said to possess, are.at once lost sight of, and..those of the steamboat owners, and the local interests of -Pittsburg alone are enforced.
The results, above alluded to, are as ibllows: 1st. That the conflicting opinions of those who have been called, as men of science, to testify in this cause, establish nothing conclusively, much less ascertain the theory contended for, that, for purposes

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

611

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co, et al.

of economy, of rapid combustion of fuel, or for the generation and escape of steam, an extraordinary height of chimney is necessary; but leave it doubtful whether the elongation of chimneys beyond a certain altitude is not calculated to retard the escape of heated air ana smoke, and also to cause inconvenience and danger to the boats that carry them. 2d. That, amongst the practical men, consisting, of those who have experience in constructing boats, and boilers, and other steamboat mahinery, and also in commanding steamboats on the western rivers and elsewhere, the preponderance, for several reasons mentioned by them, is against the extraordinary height of chimneys. 3U That the cost incident to such a construction of chimneys, (supposing this great altitude to be advantageous,) as to admit of their being lowered, and the delay and hazard of lowering them, are subjects of minor import; have been greatly exaggerated in the statements of some of the witnesses, and should
not be weighed in competition with an important public improvement, itself a valuable and necessary commercial facility, and cannot convert such a work into a public nuisonce, or, in any correct sense, an obstruction to navigation. 4th. That the commissioner erred in yielding to speculation and theory, rather than to practical knowledge and experience, and to the statements of witnesses, in some instances, whose local position was calculated, though it may have been honestly and unconsciously, to influence their feelings and their judgments. With regard to the right of the plaintiff tb ask the abatement of the Wheeling Bridge, as a nuisance, by any mode of proceeding, I will here add another remark, which has in some degree been anticipated in .preceding views in this opinion; and it is this: A nuisance, to exist at all, and emphatically a' public nuisance, must be an offence against the public, or more properly against the govern-
ment or sovereignty within whose jurisdiction it is committed. in the case before us, that sovereignty and that jurisdiction reside either in the commonwealth of Virginia, or in the fedcral government. If in the former, she has expressly sanctioned t.e act complained of; consequently, no nuisance has been commit.,ted with respect to her. If the sovereignty and jurisdiction be
in the United States, if is a limited and delegated sovereignty, to be exerted in the modes and to the extent which the delegating power has prescribed. There can be no other i the government of the Uited States, - none resulting from the principles of the common law, as inherent in an original and perfect sove-
reignty. There then can be no nuisance with respect to the United States, except what Congress shall, in the exercise of some constitutional power, declare',to be such; and Congress
have not declared an act like that here complained of to be a

SUPREM COURT.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.
nuisance. Upon the whole case, then, believing that Pennsylvania cannot maintain this suit, as a party, by any just interpretation of the 2d section of the 3d artich of the Constitution, vesting this court with original jurisdictior.: Believing that the power which the majority of the court have assumed cannot, in this case, be correctly derived to them from the competency of Congress to regulate commerce between. the several States: Believing that the question of nuisance or no nuisance is intrinsically a question of fact, which, when contested, ought to be. tried at law upon the circumstances o:f each case, and that, before the ascertainment of that fact, a court of equity cannot take cognizance either for enjoining or abating an act alleged, but not proven, to be nuisance: Seeing that the commonwealth of Virginia, within whose territory and jurisdiction the Wheeling Bridge has been erected, has authorized and approvbd the erection of that bridge; and the United States, under the pretext of whose authority this suit has been instituted, have by no act of theirs forbidden its erection, and do not now claim to -have it abated ;-my opinion, upon the best lights I have been able to bring to this case, is, that the bill of the complainant should be dismissed. From these convictions, and from the serse I entertain of the almost incalculable imporfance of the decision of the majority of the court in this "case,I find myself constrained solemnly to dissent from that decision.
31otionfor another Reference.
On the above opinion being pronounced, and the two dissenting opinions, Mr. Johnson, of counsel for defendants, suggekted to the court, that the engineer of the bridge had informed him that the obstruction to the navigation of the Ohio might be avoided by making a draw in the suspension-bridge, or in some other manner, far less expensive to the Bridge Company, and equally convenient to the public, than by elevating the bridge, as required in the opinion.
On this suggestion, the court observed that, as they were desirous of having the obstruction removed in a manner that shall be most convenient and least expensive to the Bridge Company, they requested the counsel to file, in writing, his suggestion s, and give notice to the other side, that bbth partips may be heard in regard to them.
In pursuance of the above suggestion from the court, the counsel for the Bridge Company filed'their suggestions in writing, and an argument took place. Afterwards, Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the following opinion of the court.

DECEMBBER TERM, 1851.

618

Stato of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

Orderof Reference.

In pursuance of the intimation of the court, the counsel for

the defendants filed, in writing, live plans for the removal of the obstruction to navigation occasio'ned by the bridge.

1. To elevate it, as required by the opinion of the court. 2. To remove the wooden bridge over the western channel of the river. 2. To remove the flooring of the suspension-bridge, so that

the tallest chimneys may pass under the cables. 4. To construct a draw in the wooden bridge over the west-

ern channel. 5. To make a draw in the suspension-bridge.

It is objected by the complainant's counsel that, after a case
has been argued upon the evidence, and the opinion of the court pronounced, it is not within any known rules of chancery pro-

ceeding to hear additional evidence, with the view of modifying, in any respect, the decree. That some of the plans now proposed were not embraced by the pleadings or evidence in the

case, and that the effect must be to open the case for additional evidence and a new argument.

The bill alleged the bridge to be an obstruction to the navigation of the Ohio, and prayed that it might be abated as a nuisance. The answer denied that it was an obstruction to

navigation. The commissioner was directed to inquire, "if an obstruction

be made to appear, what change or alteration in the construction and existing condition of the said bridge, if any, can be made, consistent with the continuance of the same across said river,

that will remove the obstruction to' the free navigation." In the opinion'of the court, the bridge is an obstruction to the

navigation of the river, and they held that an elevation of it one

hundred and eleven feet from low-water mark, the width of three hundred feet across the channel of the river, would remove the

obstruction. Except the elevation of the bridge, no mode was proposed by the commissioner, for the removal of the obstruction. Mis instructions limited him to a "change or alteration in the

bridge," which should effectuate that object. Several of the plans now'proposed, were not within the scope of his inquiry,

and.of course were not embraced by his report.

In giving relief, the court are not bound to abate the nuisance, as prayed for in the bill, nor to adopt the report of the commissioner, if the obstruction can be removed and the public right maintained with less expense to the bridge company. This is a matter within'the judgment of the court, and does tot neces-

sarily constitute a part of the pleadings.

VOL. XIII.

52

614

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsyivania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

It is suggested that the elevation of the bridge, as required in the opinion of the court, must result in its abatement, as the stocknolders have 'not the pecuniary means of elevating' it Whatever.may be the consequences to the stockholders, a great public right cannot be made -subservient to their interests. Subject to that right, the court will regard and protedt their interests.
* The second plan, which proposed to remove the bridge over the western channel of the river, we shall refer to the engineer who acted ,under the commissiomer, and who is familiar withoall
the facts, and having his surveys before him, 'can give promptly to the court the information they desire.
To remove the flooring of the bridge, as proposed in the third plan, leavinig the cables in their present position, seems to have no other practical result than the sale of the cables.
The third and fourth plans propose to construct a draw for the passage of boats, in the suspension or the western bridge.
Draws are common in bridges across arms of the sea where the tide ebbs and flows, for the passage of sea vessels, and also in bridges over rivers with a sluggish current; but we entertain great doubts whether a draw in either of the bridges, as proposed, can be constructed so as to afford 14a convenient and safe passage" for the steamboats that ply upon the Ohio. Some of them are about two hundred and fifty feet long, and from fifty to sixty feet in width. The current in the Ohio, at high water, is from five to six miles an hour. A steamboat, to be under the command of the helm, must have a pressure of steam, which, with the current, would give it a considerable velocity in passing the
draw, and any deviation from the direct lizie by the wind, the eddies and currents of the river, in high water, might throw the boat against the bridge on either side. This might be fatal to the boat and to the lives of its passengers; and the danger wouId be greatly increased by attempting to pass the draw at night' especially when the "*eather is unfavorable to navigation.
Jonathan Knight, an engineer-called, by. the defendants, before the commissioner, said, "my opinion is, decidedly, it would be better to pass under, (the bridge) by lowerhig chimneys, than to have a draw; that it would be less dangerous3 and take less time." And he further states, "where there is a draw, the spjace is necessarily contracted, and it might strike on the one side or the other, or the wind might be adverse."
The.report of the commissioner contains a report of Charles
Elef, "on a railway suspension-bridge across the Connecticut (River) at Middletown," in which he says, cthe flooring (of the bridge) is to be placed one hundred and forty feet above the river, and the navigation left entirely unobstructed." And he
recommends " a high level to avoid" " the injury to the public con-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

615

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

sequent on delays at the draw." In the same. rbport he observes, "no party would now be so idle as to ask to place a draw-bridge across the Ohio or Mississippi; no law could be obtained for such an obstruction, and nothing is hazarded by the assertion that such a nuisance would be immediately overthrown, if placed there under the color of any law. The bridges that are established on those streams, must be placed high enough to clear the steamboats, and must leave the channel open."
We shall direct the decree drawn up in pursuance of the opinion of the court, which affords to the stockholders of the bridge the alternative of elevating it, and thereby removing the obstruction to the navigation of the river, to be filed but not recorded, until the engineer or the commissioner shall report upon the second, third, fourth, and fifth plans proposed by defendants' counsel. Notwithstanding the above intimations in regard to a draNF, -we are desirous of .having the report of a practical and scientific engineer on that subject, as well as in relation to the other plans.
It is therefore ordered, that the clerk of this court transmit to William J. MeAlpine, Esquire, a copy of this opinion, with a request that he make a report to this court, on or before the second Monday of May next,-
1st. Whether a draw can be constructed in the suspensionbridge, that shall afford a safe and convenient passage for the largest class of steamboats which ply to Pittsburg, having chimneys eighty feet high, at a depth of water thirty feet from the ground, and if such a draw be practicable, that he give a*parti-
cular description in what manner and of what dimensions it must be constructed.
2d. Whether such a draw may be constructed in *thewooden
bridge over the western channel of the river. ' 3d. Whether the removal of the western bridge will open an
unobstructed channel for the packetp which now pass Wheeling, having chimneys eighty feet high, at all times when they shall not be able to pass under the suspension-bridge.
4th. Whether the removal of the flooring of the bridge, as proposed, will enable packets to pass having chimneys eighty feet high.
In obedience to this order of the court, Mr. McAlpine filed the
following report.
To the honorable Roger B. Taney, chief justice; John McLean, James M. Wayne, John Catron, John McKinley, Peter V. Daniel, Samuel Nelson, Robert .C. Grief, and Benjamin R. Curtis, associate justices of the Supreme Court of the United States.
In pursuance of the order of the Supreme Court of the Uni.

.SUPREME COURT.
State of Pennsylvvnia v.'The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.
ted States, dated the first day of Match, 1,852, a copy of which has been furnished by the clerk of the said court, dated the third day of March, 1852, 1, William . McAlpine, do make the following report on the several matters directed in the said order, as follows:
1st. Whether a draw can be constructed in the suspensionbridge that shall afford, a safe and convenient passage for the largest class of.steamboats which ply to Pittsburg, having chimneys eighty feet high, at a depth of water thirty feet from the ground; and if such a draw be practicable, that he give a particular description in what nanner, and of what dimensions, it must be constructed.
24- Whether such a draw may be constmcted in the wooden bridge over the western channel of the rive::.
3d. Whether the removal of the western bridge will open an uinobstructed channel for the packets which. now pass Wheeling, having chimneys eighty feet high, at all times, when they shall not be able to pass under the suspension-buidge.
4th. Whether the removal of the flooring of the bridge, as proposed, will enable packets to pdss having chimneys eighty feet high.
The largest class of steamboats which ply to Pittsburg are the daily packets, which are from fifty-four to fifty-eight feet in width, and from two hundred and fifteen -to two hundred and si-ty-four feet in length.
In a direct channel, with a moderate current, and in favorable weather, a draw of one hundred feet in width would, with skilful navigation, be sufficient for the safe and convenient passage of such vessels.
In the high stages of 'water in the Ohio River at Wheeling, the velocity of the current is from five to sL. miles an hour. A *steamboat, in passing down the river, must have an additional velocity: to keep her under the command of the helm, so that she must pass the draw with a velocity of from. eight to ten miles per hour; and this speed would be less than the ordihary velo. city of the vessel in other parts of the river.
In stormy weather, with the.wind blowing across the current of the river, it would be difficult for a steaml:oat, of the size above stated, to pass without considerably more allowance than would be provided for in a draw of one hundred feet in width.
At such times, the danger of passing the draw at night would be much increased, and it would be necessary to maintain lights on each side of the draw to guide the pilots in the proper direction to pass it.
Under the ordinary circumstances of high water, a draw of at least one hundred and fifty feet in width would be necessary,

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

617

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

and one of two hundred feet in width to pass at night with safety.
In dark, stormy nights, and with a rapid current in the river, the hazard of a passage would be so great that vessels would probably be laid by, rather than risk the dangers of the passage of a draw of less than thre&hundred feet in width.
From the accompanying drawing of the present suspension. bridge at Wheeling, it will be seen that-a draw cannot be placed in the eastern end of the bridge which will give a clear passageway, beneath the cables, for steamboats having chimneys eighty feet high, at a depth of water thirty feet above the ground, of one hundred feet in width.
At the western end of the bridge, adjoining the western abutment, a draw may be placed, which will give a passage for such vessels in a thirty feet stage of water, of nearly oie hundred feet
in width: In reply, therefore, to the first question of the court, I have to
state, that a draw of sufficient width for the safe and convenient passage of steamboats of the dimensions stated, cannot be con-
structed in the present bridge. In a five feet stage of water, such a vessel would have a space
of ninety-six feet in width, adjoining the eastern shore, to pass beneath the flooring of the present bridge, and in a six feet stage a width of one hundred and twelve feet.
At any stage of water higher than six feet, the width of passage would be reduced in consequence of the steep inclination of the eastern bank of the river.
In a five feet stage of water, vessels drawing four feet would strike the bed of the river on the western shore, at a point eight hundred and eighty feet from the face 'of the eastern abutment.
A steamboat with a chimney eighty feet high would, (allowing two feet for clearance,) on a five feet stage of water, in extremely warm weeauner, clear the cable at a point six hundred and seventy-one feet from the face of the eastern abutment, which leaves a clear passage-way of two hundred and nine feet in width.
In a six feet stage of water, the vessel would strike the bed
of the river at nine hundred feet, and the chimney would clearat si:x hundred and eighty-five feet;.which leaves a clear passage of two hundred and fifteen feet in width.
In a seven feet stage of water, the vessel would strike the bed at nine hundred and eighteen feet, and the chimney would clear at six hundred and ninety-seven feet, leaving a passage-way of two hundred and twenty-one feet in width.
In an eight feet stage of water, the vessel would strike the bed
52*

SUPREME COURT.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.
of the river at nine hundred and twenty-two feet, and the chimney would clear at seven hundred and nine feet, leaving a passage of two hundred and thirteen feet.
In a nine feet stage of water, the vessel would strike the bed of the river at nine hundred and twenty-six feet, and the chimney would clear at seven hundred and nineteen feet, leaving a passage of two hundred and seven feet.
In a ten feet stage of water, the vessel would strike the bed of the river at nine hundred and thirty feet, and the chimney would clear at seven hundred and twenty-nine feet, leaving a passage of two hundred and one feet.
In an eleven feet stage of water, the vessel would strike the bed of the river at nine hundred and thirty-four feet, and the chimney would clear at seven hundred and thirty-nine feet, leaving a passage of one hundred and ninety-five feet
In a twelve feet stage of water, the vessel would strik -a bed of the river at nine hundred and thi.ty-eight feet, and the chimney would clear at seven hundred ar.,d forty-nine feet, leaving a passage of one hundred and eighty-nine feet.
In a thirteen feet stage of water, the vessel would strike the bed of the fiver at nine hundred and forty-two feet, and the chimney would clear at seven hundred "and fifty-nine feet, leaving a passage of one hundred and eighty-three feet.
From the accompanying chart, it will be seen that the shoal which makes into the river from the west shore above the bridge, would render it difficult for a vessel to enter the draw on a six feet stage of water, unless its eastern end were located at least three huhidred feet from the 'western abutment, and then the passage-way under the bridge, clear of the bottom of the river and cable, would be two hundred and fifteen feet in width.
It is necessary that the draw should be arranged for this stage of watei, because a vessel could not then pass under the flooring of the eastern end of the bridge, with a sufficient width of clear space.
For each foot that the water rises, the passage-way is thrown about ten feet to the west, and its width is diminished about six feet.
In an eighteen feet stage of water, the chimney would clear the cables at a point seven hundred and eighty-three feet from the face of the eastern abutment, which would leave a clear space of one hundred and ninety-three feet in width.
In a thirty feet stage, the chimney would clear at eight hundred and sixty-six feet, leaving a space of one hundred and ten feet
The draw would, therefore, require to be made at least ihree hundred feet long, from the face of the western abutment, to

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

619

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.

allow the passage of steamboats of the dimensions stated, in the several stages of water, from six to thirty feet in depth.
It is, in my opinion, impracticable to construct so large a draw in a suspension-bridge, because from its flexible character, and the constant change of position of its cables, which would be caused by the movement or a mass of so great weight as the draw, it would not admit of the adaptation of machinery for its movement.
A draw of this length might be constructed in the Wheeling Suspension-Bridge, by erecting a pier in the river at the eastern
end of the draw, and carrying the cables over the top of it, in the manner suggested by Colonel Long, in his testimony before the commissioner, and suspending the draw from a strong permanent bridge, elevated on the top of the new pier and abutment of the present bridge, similar to the tubular bridges recently constructed across the Conway and Menai straits, in Great Britain. The cost of constructing such a draw, and of the necessary alterations of the bridge, would exceed the cost of elevating it to the height stated in the order of the court.
The inconivenience of the, approach to a draw placed in this position,. and the uncertainty of its successful operatiobi and maintenance under all circumstances of weather, exposed to winds, and with its machinery liable to be deranged by frost, or by the accidental encounter with passing vessels, render the utility of the plan, in my opinion, so doubtful, that any further detail of its arrangement is deemed unnecessary.
A draw can be constructed in the wooden bridge over the
western channel of the river, which will, under ordinary circumstances, offer a safe and conveniebt passage for the largest class of steamboats which ply to Pittsburg. This bridge consists of three spans, each of two hundred feet in length. A drawing is herewith sent, which exhibits a plan of a draw.placed in the
centre span of the bridge, which opens a clear space of two hundred feet.
The pl'an of this draw is similar to one which has been constructed on the London and Brighton railroad, which has a single draw, moving in one direction, of sLxty-six feet in length.
The plan proposed for the Wheeling Bridge, is in two parts, opening in the centre, and moving back on the floor of the present bridge. Each draw will open one hundred feet, (being thirty-four feef more than the single draw above mentioned,) and making the whole opening two hundred feet, equal to the space between the centre piers.
The plan proposed will require the removal of the roof, and the centre trusses of the end spans cf the present bridge, to allow the draws to move back on the floors. The draws to be

SUPREME COURT.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &e. Bridge Co. et al.
timber; truss frames, each two hundred feet long, the ends supported by timber suspenders from the top of a well-braced centre frame; the land ends of the draws to be loaded sufficiently to balance the projecting portion of the same. 'When the draws are closed, the ends are to be' secured together with iron pins passing through iron straps, and the land ends fastened to the end spans of the permanent bridge irt a similar manner. When the bridge is thus closed and secured, it will form a perfect suspension-bridge of two hundred feet span.
The draws will be moved on wheels moving on iron rails, laid on the floor of the end spans, which will require to be strengthened by additional timbers. The trusses should also be strengthened with arch ribs and timbers to support the additional weight of the draws.
The draws to be moved by gearing placed in the piers, working into a rack on the underside of the draw-bridge frame; the gearings moved by a capstan placed on the side of the bridge over the piers. The capstan may be worked by man or horse
power. The floor of the draw will be two and a half feet above the
floor of the permanent bridge, which may be overcome by a light platform attached to the end of the' draw, that would move with the draw when opening or closing.
The cost of removing the centre span of the permanent bridge, strengthening the side or end spans, and constructing the draw-bridge, is estimated at thirty-three thousand and twentythree dollars and sixty cents, ($33,023.60.)
It is proper that I should state that there would be some difficulty experienced in the opening of this, or any other practicable draw, during very strong gales of wind, and at such times some delays would unavoidably occur in the passage of vessels.
The present bridge over the western channel would not admit of the construction of a draw of raore than two hundred feet in width, without the expenditure of a sum nearly as great as that required for the consfr-ustion of a new bridge.
A draw of three hundred feet in width may be constructed, either in the present bridge, or in a new bridge over the western channel, in the same manner as before stated, at the western end of the suspension-bridge.
The expense of the construction of such a draw would exceed the cost of elevating the'suspension-bridge to the height stated in the order of the court, and thEre would be the same difficulties in operating and maintaining it as have been before stated.
In my opinion, no draw can be constructed in either of the bridges at Wheeling, which would produce no delay, and pre-

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

621

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

sent no obstruction to the safe and convenient passage, at all

times, of the largest class of steamboats which navigate the

Ohio River at Wheeling.

In reply to the third question of the court, I have to state, that

the removal of the western bridge will open an unobstructed

channel for the packets which now pass Wheeling, when the

water is six feet deep on the Wheeling bar.

It has been previously stated that steamboats, with chimneys

eighty feet high, will have a passage-way uiider the flooring of

the suspension-bridge of ninety-six feet in width in a five feet

stage of water, and of one hundred and twelve feet in-a six feet

stage.

By removing the obstructions in the western channel, which

are now caused by a bar at the north end of Zane's. Island, an

unobstructed channel can be obtained for such vessels at all

times when they cannot pass under the suspension-bridge.

A chart is herewith sent, which exhibits the obstructions of the

western channel.

In reply to the fourth question of the court, it is proper to

state, that from the preceding report it will be seen that-the re-

moval of the flooring of the suspension-bridge will enable packets

to pass under the cables, having chimneys eighty feet high, the

clear width of the passage being, as before stated, from one

hundred ten to two hundred and twenty-one feet in width, de-

pending upon the stage of water in the river.

The naked cables would afford no guide to direct the passage

of vessels to the point at which the chimneys would clear the

cables on the one side, and not strike the bottom of the river on

the other side.

It would b,

necessary the

ptoasssaugspe.end

lights

on

the

cables

during

the night to indicate

In high stages of the water, and during the night, the passage

of vessels of the size stated would be attended -with difficulty

and danger, in consequence of the narrowness of the space, and

of its being out of the main channel of the river. Respectfully

snbmitted,

WILLIAM J. MCALPINE.

Albany, 11Nay 8, 1852.

This report was made the subject of another argument, in consequence of exceptions to it being filed by Mr. Campbell, the Attorney-Gener.,1 of Pennsylvania, and ir. Stanton, also of counsel for the complainant. The report of the case has already been extended to such an unusual length, that the reporter cannot find room to notice the arguments of the respective counsel upon the exceptions.

622

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling'&c. Bridge Co. et al.

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
The plans lately proposed, through defendant's counsel, to obviate the obstructions to the navigation of the Ohio River, by reason of the Wheeling Bridge, complained of by the plai'ntiff, having been referred to William J. McAlpine, Esquire, civil engineer, he reports -
That a draw cannot be made in the suspension-bridge which shall afford a safe and convenient passage for the largest class of steamboats, which ply from Pittsburg, having chimneys - eighty feet high, on a depth of water thirty feet from the ground.
And he reports that a draw can be constructed in the wooden bridge over the western channel of the :iver, which will, under ordinary circumstances, bffer a safe and convenient passage for
such boats. That bridge, he states, consists of three spans, each of two
huindred feet in length; and he proposes that the draw shall be
placed in the centre span of the bridge, which will open a clear space of two hundred feet. He also reports, in answer to the third question of the court, "that the removal of the Western Bridge will open an obstructed channel for the packets which now pass Wheeling, when the water is six feet deep on the Wheeling bar."
On this report the parties have been heard. The counsel for the defendants complain that no notice was
given to them, of the late action of the engineer. A notice was unnecessary. The proposed plans were submitted by the defendants, and they were referred to tie engineer, who acted under the commissioner; and who, having made the surveys and reports, was in possession of' all the evidence necessary to give the required information to the court. He had only to look into his .own work for the data to make the additional report in re-
gard to both bridges and the two channels of the river, over which they have beeh constructed. His opinion as to a draw and the
other matters referred to him, were strictly within the line of his profession. - No act done under the late reference was open for investigation by proof, or subject to be influenced by argument.
The presence of the parties by their cotnsel was neither neces. sary nor desirable, and notice to the defendant was not, therefore, reiquired to be given.
By the reference the court did not intendI to make the opinion of the engineer the immediate basis of 'a final decree. They were desirous of ascertaining all the facts which could' have a beaing
in the decision of the case. They were fully impressed with its high impotame to the public and to the defendants.- And,
whilst a high sense of duty required thera to maintain the public right, they were solicitous, as expressed.in their former opinion, to do so, with ,he least possille expense to the defendants.

DECEMBER TERM, 1851.

623

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

In their former opinion nothing was said, from which an inference could be drawn, that the right of crossing the Ohio River
by bridges, was incompatible with its navigation. Had this bridge been constructed, in the language of its charter, so "as
not to obstruct the navigation of the Ohio in the usual manner, by steamboats and other crafts, as are now commonly accustomed"to navigate the same, when the river shall be as high as·
the highest floods hereinbefore known," this iuit could never have been instituted. The charter was granted in 1847, long after the great floods in 1832, and in subsequent years.
The right of navigating the Ohio River, or any other river in our country, does not necessarily conflict with the right of bridging it. But these rights can only be maintained when they
are so exercised as not to be incompatible with each other. It is in their improper exercise, and not in their nature, that any
incompatibility exists. We can derive but little iiistruction on this subject, from
European experience and practice. The rivers on that continent are generally diminutive, and of no very great length.. They do not compare with the great rivers of the West. The bridges on the Rhine are numerous, and most,if not all of them, have draws, through which boats are continually passing. But their
boats are small, with low and light chimneys, and some, if not many of the bridges, rest upon the surface of the water. A boat of two hundred and ninety-five feet in length, as the Pittsburg, it is believed, is not to be found engaged in inll and riveer navigation in Europe.
The report now before us, in its outlines, is not objected to by the defendants. On the contrary, they ask the court to sanction it, leaving open its details. In their former opinion, after stating the elevation which must be given to the suspension-bridge to remove the obstruction, the court say, "if this,
or some other plan, shall not be adopted, which shall relieve the navigation from obstruction, on or before the first day of February next, the bridge must be abated." It was supposed that some plan might be suggested to remove the obstruction, at less expense than the elevation or abatement of the bridge. The
court had before them only the general plan for relief reported by the commissioner. Under suc circumstances, they felt themselves bound to receive and refer the propositions submitted by the defendants' counsel. The affirmative action on these
propositions belong to the defendants; and also the eventual responsibility.
The court think that the report of the engineer, in its general aspect, without examining its details, affords such probability of success as to entitle the defendants to the proposed experi-

SUPREMtE COURT.
State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling. &e. Bridge Co. et I.
ment. We look to the desired results, and not to the practicability and efficiency of the plan. Of these the defendants must judge. They have the neans of ascertaining, with the utmost accuracy, whether a channel can be opened, in the western branch of the river, so as to afford a safe and an unobstructed navigation for the largest class of boat, Laving chimneys eighty feet high, when they cannot pass under the suspension-bridge. This is the object desired, and any thing short of this would not be, satisfactory.
When the subject of a draw was first suggested to the court, it was intimated that no draw was known which exceeded seventy feet in width, but it was supposed-that one 'of eighty feet might be constructed. And the, court then said, "we entertain great doubts whether a draw in either of the bridges, as proposed, can be constructed so as to afford a convenient passage for the steamboats that ply upon the. Ohio River." A draw of two hundred feet in the clear is now proposed, and one less than that, would not answer the public demand.
The court will not now examine, whether there be not in the western channel other obstructions'than the bridge. If such obstruction exist, of whatsoever'nature, they must be known to the defendants, and must be removed.
With these general remarks, the court will leave the defendants free in the matter, to act as their .oWn judgments shall dictate.
' The elevation of the bridge, in pursuance of the report of the commissioner, was ordered by the court, as the best mode of removing the obstruction, suggested by the evidence. The abatement of the nuisance was the most direct and ordinary mode for giving relief in such cases. The alternative of elevating the bridge was adopted, from conside::ations connected with the interests of the defendants, and the accommodation of the public, The same views have influenced us, in relation to the proposition now before us. We do not sanction them farthef than to leave them to the defendants, to work out and secure, if they shall think proper, the required results, as stated in this opinion. The inconsiderable delay of t-wo or three minutes in passing the draw, and running the increased distance of the western channel, does not constitute a material objection. From the statement made the increase of 'time would be less than is ordinarily consumed in the landing or receiving a passenger at the shore.
The objection, that the navigation of the eastern channel of the river has been improved by the government, and that the plaintiff has a right to its unobstructed use, is admitted to have much force.

DECEMBtR TBRM, 1851.

625

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

In the multitudinous concerns of commerce, we must view things practically, and cannot deal in abstractions. It ig not always in the discretion of a court to measure justice by doing or requiring to be done the exact-hing which would seem to be most appropriate. Cases may arise in which great interests are involved, that may have had their origin in wrongful acts, yet connecte-I with circumstances which render it extremely difficult, if not impracticable, t6 do the thing, or cause it to be done,
which is most fit and proper. In such cases, as in the law of mechanics, equivalents are of necessity substituted. And if the thing done be all that juktice can require, it may suffice. Such,
Is not unfrequently the necessary action of a court of chancery. If the western channel of the river shall be made to afford an
equally safe and unobstructed passage for boats, as' .the eastern channel, before the structure of the suspension-bridge, excepting the mere passage of the draw, and the increased distance, no appreciable injury is done to commerce.
The court will direct the decree which has been filed, and
which required the bridge to be elevated, as therein specified, on or before the first day of February next to be recorded, and that it shall stand as the order of- this court, unless before that time
the western channel of the river shall be made by the defendants,
to afford an unobstructed passage to boats of the largest class which ply to Pittsburg, agreeably to this opinion; and leave is given to either party to move the court in relation to this matter, on the first Monday of February next.
The costs of this suit are ordered to be paid by the defendants.

Decree.

This cause having been heard in February last, and the opinioli"

of the court pronounced; on the suggestions of the defendants'

counsel. a reference on certain points was made to William -J.

McAlpine, whose report having been made and arguments heard

from the counsel on both sides at the adjourned term, in May,

1852, the cause stands for a final decree, on the original bill, the

amendments thereto, the answers of respondents, and replications

to said answers; and on the proofs in the cause, together with

the report of the commissioner appointed by this court to

examine the premises, and on the exceptions to said report -

when it appeared -that the respondents, in the year 1849, had

erected a suspension-bridge supported by iron-wire, cables across

that portion of the River Ohio lying between the city of Wheel-

ing and Zane's Island, by virtue, of a charter granted by the

commonwealth of Virginia, the span of said bridge being over

one thousand feet long; and it also appeared that across the

VOL. XIII.

53

626

SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling: &c. Bridge C9. et al.

other channel of the river west of Zane's Island, there is a trussbridge so constrvited as altogether to Frevent the passage of steamboats through that channel, which bridge is owned and maintained by the defendants. And it further appeared that the suspension-bridge over the channel of the river east of the isl.nd,, is so near the flow of thd water in its ordinary stages, as seriously to hinder and obstruct the largest class o: steamboats from passing and repassing under said bridge, in going to and returning
from the port of Pittsburg, in the State of Pennsylvania; that large and expensive public improvements made by, and the pro-
perty of, that State, consisting of canals connecting railroads, turnpike-roads, and slack-water navigation in said State, constructed years before the said suspension-bridge was erected, all of which improvements terminate at Pittsburg, on the Ohio River,
and extend throughout the State of Pennsylvania, to the east and north, connecting the city of Philadelphia,*in said State, and Lake Erie with the River Ohio. That a large commerce for several years has been and now is carried on over these public works of internal improvement, on whi3h Pennsylvania levies reasonable, tolls to maintain said works, and to compensate her
for their erection. That said bridge impcses serious obstructions to the largest class of vessels propelled by steam, and which bring freight and passengers from below said bridge, and which freight and passehge.rs are intended to pass east and north over
the canals and railroads of Pennsylvania, or to be conveyed down the Ohio River, having been transported on the public works of Pennsylvania, a portion of which commerce hap been hindered and 'prevented, and hereafter must 'be hindered and prevented from passing over the public works of that State, because of obstructions to navigation interposed by said bridge.
That the said Ohio River is a navigable stream, the fiavigation
whereof by law is free to all citizens of the United States, and ought to rehiain unobstructed; and that the said suspensionbridge not only obstructs and hinders navigation on said river but by means of such obstructions does occasion a special da-
mage to the said State of Pennsylvania as aforesaid, for which there is not a plain and an adequate remedy at law, but on the contrary thereof, such injury is irreparable by an action or actions
at common law.
It is, therefore, decreed and adjudged, that said suspension. mridge is an obstruction and nuisance, and that the complainant
has a just and legal right to have the navigation of the said
river made free, either by the abatement or elevation of the bridge, so that it will cease to be an obstruction, in ordinary stages of high water, to the largest class of steam-vessels now na-
vigating the Ohio River, and.which alteration is hereby declared

DECEMBER TEPM, 1851.

627

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al-

to be an elevation of said suspension-bridge, to the height of one hunded and eleven feet at least, in its undermost parts, above the low-water mark, by the Wheeling gauge of the Ohio's
water; and that the height of said one hundred and eleven feet shall be maintained to the extent of three hundred feel on a level headway over the channef of the said river. And that, from the respective ends of said headway, of three hundred feet, to the abutments of each end of the bridge; the descent shall not exceed at the rate of four feet fall to every hundred feet of exterion on the line of the bridge; and that the same shall be removed by respondents, or altered, as above stated, on or before the first day of February, 1853.
Since the above decree was drawn, certain propositions hav-
ing been made by the defendants to open an unobstructed navigation for boats of the largest class, which ply to Pittsburg,
through the western channel of the river, as is more -particularly stated in the last opinion of the court in this case,.which may avoid the obstructions by reason of the bridge complained of by the plaintiffs; and, as time has Veen given, to the first Monday of February next, for the defendants; should they deem proper, to carry out their propositions, by removing all obstructions in the western channel, on which day the plaintiff may move the court on the subject of the decree, and of the proposed alterations in the western channel, which, being before the court,
will enable them to act in the premises as the law and the equity of tht. case may require.
The court order the costs to be paid by defendants.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY and Mfr. Justice DANIEL dissented.

Opinion of .Tr. Justice Daniel and Mr&. Chief Justice Taney.
When this case was formerly before us, my opinion was expressed at length against tb right of this court to take jurisdiction thereof. My opinion upon this question renains unchanged; but the court having taken jurisdiction, I do not conceive that my objection to the cognizance by the court of this controversy forbids my concurrence in any modification of the decree originally proposed in this case, calculated to relieve the defendants from the operation of exactions, believed by me to be unwarranted by law. I therefore concur in the proposed modification of the former decree, by which a draw is authorized in the bridge over the western branch of the River Ohio. I think, however, that the length prescribed by this court for the draw is greater than the public exigencies require, and

628

-SUPREME COURT.

State of Pennsylvania v. The Wheeling &c. Bridge Co. et al.

that a draw of one hundred feet, at the utmost, would be ample to meet those exigencies. It is also my opinion, that the costs in this cause should be equally borne by the parties.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY also dissented, concurring in the opinion of Mr. Justice Daniel.

