DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

525

Jackson v. Hale et al.

record from the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of Iowa and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court that the judgment of the said District Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed with costs.

JOHN JACKSON, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. SAMUEL HALE, GEORGE C. MANY, AND JOHN V. AYER.
Where a warehouseman gave a receipt for wheat which he did not receive, and afterwards the quantity which he actually had was divided amongst the respective depositors, an action of replevin, brought by the assignee of the fictitious receipt, could not be maintained when, under it. one of these portions was seized.
Evidence offered to show that the wheat inquestion was assigned to the defendant, was objected to by the plaintiff in the replevin; but such objection was properly overruled. The plaintiff had shown no title in himself.
So also, evidence was admissible to show that the receiver of the fictitious certificate had never deposited any wheat in the warehouse.
The defendants in this case were the assignees of the original warehouseman, and were not responsible, unless it could be shown that wheat was deposited, which had cone into their possession.
THIS case was brought up by writ of error from the District Court of the United States for the Disftict of Wisconsin.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
It was5 argued by 1r. L.fawrence, for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr. Lee, and Mr. Seward,for the defendants in error.
41Ir. Lawrence, for the plaintiff in error, made the following points.
First. The Judge of the District Court erred in ruling upon the admission of testimony, that a -depositary, when theje is a joint interest in the deposit, may change the joint interest of depositors' into an interest in severalty, by mere setting apart, without delivery made.
Second. The court erred in holding, that a depositor, having a joint interest in one description of property, his depositary could confer a. title upon him, to the extent of such joint interest, from deposits of a different description; 'or that if his deposits were in part winter wheat, &c., his depositary might set apart to him the spring wheat of other depositors, and such act of the depositary would give title.
Tkdrd. Testimony was improperly admitted, that "the property rose in value after it was taken in replevin," and "that

526

SUPREME COURT.

Jackson v. Hale et al.

the agent of the plaintiff was told that the wheat belonged tO parties," in whom defendants had pleaded property-as also
the evidence to contradict the receipt. Fourth. The Judge of the District Court should not have de-
cided to refuse a new trial, if defendants would consent to remit a part of the recovery for dete'ntion, when a recovery had been secured by testimony taken under objection.

Mr Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court. It appears, in this case, that C. H. Hutchinson was a ware-
houseman at the city of Ranasho, (formerly Southport,) in
Wisconsin, and in that character had received on deposit large quantities of wheat from different persons, which, by common
consent, was mingled in general mass. On the 22d of February, 1850, Hale, Many, and Ayer, the
defendants, succeeded Hutchinson in the business and possession of this warehouse; and at the time the possession was transferred, the portions of wheat to which the several depositors were respectively entitled, were separated and put into different .bins; and the old receipts given by Hutchinson, surrendered.
In this diiision, 7000 bushels, which had been deposited at
different times by Adams & Son, were placed in a separate bin for them; and they, as well as Hutchinson and Hale, Many and Ayer, were .present when the division was made.
Previous to this, however, ahd while Hutchinson -wasstill carrying on business at the warehouse, he gave the following teceipt to Hubbard, Faulkner & Co.

Received into store, Southport, January 19, 1850, for account

of Messrs. Hubbard, Faulkner & Co., four thousand bushels of

spring wheat, deliverable on board vessel free of charge, on re-

turn of this receipt, and not insured against fire.

4000 bushels of wheat.

C.L. HuTrCINsoN.

Hubbard, Faulkner & Co. never deposited any wheat at the warehouse, but paid Hutchinson $2,640 as the price of the quantity mentioned in the receipt; and afterwards sold it to
John Jackson, the plaintiff in error, for $1,050, and indorsed and delivered to him the receipt.
The plaintiff, claiming to be entitled to this quantity of wheat under this assignment, sued out a writ of replevin against the
defendants, and the marshal, under the direction of the agents
of the plaintiff, teplevied and delivered to him 4000 busl~els of wheat, part of the 7000 bushels, placed in a bin for Adams &
Son,as herein before mentioned. The defendants appeared and pleaded sundry pleas, and
among others, property in Adams & Son. And at the trial, the

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

527

Jackson v. Hale et al.

jury found for the defendants, and that the wheat taken, was the property of Adams & Son; and its value, $2,640; and assessed damages for the detention, at the sum of four hundred
dollars. Upon a motion made by the plaintiff, for a new trial, the
court it seems, were of opinion that a new trial should be
granted, unless the defendant remitted all the damages assessed as aforesaid, beyond the interest on the value of the wheat from
the day it was taken under the replevin, to the day of trial. And under this opinion of the court, the defendants remitted all of the damages, except one hundred and one dollars, and the
judgment was thereupon accordingly entere4.
Upon this judgment the present writ of error is brought. The facts above stated, are set out in an exception taken by the plaintiff. The statement shows, that Hubbard, Faulkner &
Co., in whose favor the warehouse receipt was given by Hutchinson, never deposited any wheat in this wvarehouse, but paid for this receipt in money. And the plaintiff offers no evidence
but the receipt itself to show that -Hutchinson had any.wheat
of his own in this warehouse at the time it was given, or at any other time; and in the division which took place when the possession wag transferred to the defendants, none was set apart as belonging to Hutchinson.
Upon such a state of facts, it is difficult to see how any ques, tion of law could have arisen, open to dispute. The plaintiff
indeed objected to the evidence offeredcto prove that the wheat replevied was, in thd division of the general mass, set apart in a bin'as the property of Adams & Co. But if there was any thing in the objection, (and clearly there was not,) it would not avail the
plaintiff unless he could show that it belonged to him. For he could not maintain the replevin unless he proved that the wheat was his property. And if he had no wheat there, it was per-
fectly immaterial whether it was lawfully divided, or remained in general mass. And if the want of a legal division among the owners, prevented it from being specifically the property of
Adams & Co., it would equally prevent it from being the separate property of the plaintiff, even if he was entitled to the quantity hte claimed in the general mass.
So, too, he excepts to evidence oflred to prove-that Hubbard Faulkner & Co. had never deposited any wheat in the warehouse. The evidence was undoubtedly admissible. For whether the) had done so or not, was the fact in dispute. Besides, the plaintiff himself had already proved the fact by his own witness, Faulkner, who stated that Hubbard, Faulkner & Co. paid
money to Hutchinson for the wheat. They did not, therefore,
deposit it themelves. And as regards the damages remitted,

SUPREME COURT.
Stephens v. Cady.
certainly the plaintiff is not injured by having the judgment rendered against him for a smaller sum intead of a larger. If either party had a right to complain of the opinion of the court under which the renittiturwas entered, it was the defendants, and not the plaintiff. For, if a party uses the process of the law wilfully and oppressively, his conduct may be considered by the jury in estimating the damages susteined by the injured party. And proof of the conduct of the agents of the plaintiff in this respect, and also of the damage sustained by the defendants by the loss of a favorable market, were properly submitted to the consideration of the jury.
The receipt of Hutchinson, upon which fie plaintiff relied, did not prove, or tend to prove, that the wheat -caken on the replevin was the wheat therein mentioned - or that any wheat belonging to Hutchinson, or to Hubbard, Faulkner & Co., ever came to the hands of the defendants. It showed that Hutchinson held so much wheat for Hubbard, Faulkner & Co. But the defendants are not answerable for his contracts, or his warehouse receipts, unless it is shown that the property came into their possession. And the're is not the slightest evidence to show that any wbeat, belonging either to Hutchinson cr to Hubbard, Faulkner & Co., was ever in the warehouse after it was transferted to the defendants.
The judgment of the District Court is alrmed, with costs.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the District of Wisconsin, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said District Court, in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs, and interest until the same is paid, at the same rate per annum that similar judgments bear in the courts of the State of Wisconsin.
JAIES STEPHENS, APPELLANT, V. ISAAC H. CGAY.
'Where the copy-right of a map was taken out under th3 act of Congress, and the copperplate engraving seized and sold under an execution, the purchaser did not acquie the right to st 4ke off and sell copies of the ma-r.
The court below decided that an injunction to prevent such striking off and selling, could not issue, without a return of the purchase-mogey. This decision was erroneous.
A copy-right is a "property in notion, and has no corporeal tangible substance," and

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

563

Doolittle's Lessee et al. v. Bryan et a!.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the West. ern District of Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs.

LESSEE OF IRWIN H. DOOLITTLE AND OTHERS, PLAINTIFFS, V . LEVI BRYAN AND OTHERS, DEFENDANTS..

A sale of land by a marshal on a venditioni exponas, after he is removed from office, and a new marshal appointed and qualified, is not void.
Such sale beiig returned to the court and confirmed by it, on motion, and a deed ordered to be made to" the purchaser at the sale, by the new marshal, such sale being made, is valid.

THIS case came up from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio, on a certificate of division in opinion between the Judges thereof.
The following was the entire record in the caser:

THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
District of Ohio, ss. At a Circuit Court of the United States, for the District of Ohio, began and held at the city of Columbus, in'said district on the third Tuesday in the month of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and of the independence of the United States of America the 76th, before the Honorable John McLean and the Honorable Humphrey H. Leavitt, Judges of said court; among other proceedings had,
were the following, to wit:

The lessee of IRWIN B. DOOLITTLE et al.)

V.

>In ejectment.

LEvI BRYAN et al.

)

In this case, the lessors of the plaintiff, being citizens of Illi-

nois, brought their action of ejectment to recover possession of

one thousand acres of land in the State of Ohio; the declara-

tion being duly served on the tenants in possession, they ap-

peared and entered into the consent rule, and filed the general

issue. On the trial, two points arose, on which the opinions of

the Judges-were oppoaed, to wit:

564

SUPREME COURT.

Doolittle's Lessee et al. v. Bryan et al.

1. Whether a sale of land by a marshal, on a"venditioni ex-
ponas, after he is removed from office, and a new marshal appointed and qualified, is void?
2. Whether such sale, being returned to the court, and confirmed by it on motion, and a deed ordered to be made to the purchaser, at the sale, by the new marshal, such sale being made,
is valid? And the counsel for the lessors of the plaintiff, moved the
court to certify the above points, for decision, to the Supreme Court, under the statute.
The practice to confirm the marshal's sale, is under the fifteenth section of the State statute "regulating judgments and executions," and is "asfollows:
" That if the court to which any writ of execution shall be returned by the officer, for the satisfaction of which any lands or tenements may have been sold, shall, alter having carefully examined the proceedings of such officer, be satisfied that the sale has, in all respects, been made in conformity to the provisions of this act, they shall direct their clerk to make an entry thereof on the journal, that the court are satisfied with the legality of such sale, and an order that the said officer make to the purchaser a deed for such lands and tenements."
October 27, 1851.

From the arguments of counsel, tfie following appeared to be the dates of the several transactions.
On the 19th of February, 1829, a venditioni exponas came to the hands of William Dougherty, then t'ae marshal of Ohio. The writ was returnable to the July term, 1.829.
On the 20th of April, 1829, Dougherty was removed from office.
On the 11th of May, 1829, John Patterson was qualified as marshal. I On the 10th of July, 1829, Dougherty sold the land in ques-
tion. At the July term, 1829, the writ of venditioni exponas was
returned, 15y which it appeared that the land was sold to Levi
Bryan, one of the defendants. The sale was confirmed by the court, and Patterson, the then marshal, ordered to convey the land to Bryan, the purchaser,.
The counsel upon both sides agreed that the plaintiffs in ejectment could not recover unless this was a void sale.

It was argued by 31r. Stanberry,for the plaintiffs, and tr. Corwin,for the defendant.

DECEMBER TERAI, 1852.

565

Doolittle's Lessee et al. v. Bryan et al.

Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court.

On the trial of this case in the Circuit Court, two points arose,

in which the Judges were divided in opinion, and which have

been accordingly certified to this court. 1. Whether a sale of land by a marshal, on a venditioni

exi:poitis, after he is removed from office, and a new marshal is

appointed, ii void?

2. Whether such sale, being returned to the court and con-

firmed by it, on motion, and a deed ordered to be made to the

purcha-. r at the sale, by the new marshal, such sale being made,

is valid?

If the first of these questions be answered in the negative,

the second will be answered affirmatively, as an undisputed

consequence.

Whether a sale, made by a marshal after he is removed from

office, on a wvrit of venditioni exponas, is void, will depend on the

construction of the third section of the act of May 7, 1800, ch.

45, and whether it is a repeal of the provisions on this subject,

contained in the tt~enty-eighth section of the Judiciary Act of

1789, chap. 20.

So much of the latter act as is material to our inquiry, is as

follows: "Every marshal or his deputy, when removed from

office, or when the term for which the marshal is appointed shall

expire, shall have power, notwithstanding, to execute all such

precepts as may be in their hands respectively at the time of

such removal or expiration of office," &c.

The third section of the act of 1800 enacts: "That when-

ever a marshal shall sell any lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

by virtue of process from a court of the United States, and shall

die or be removed from office, or the term of his commission

expire, before a deed shall be executed for the same by him to

the purchaser; in every such case the purchaser or plaintiff at

whose suit the sale was made, may apply to the court from

which the process issued, and set forth the case, assigning the

reason why the title was not perfected by the marshal who sold the same; and thereupon the court may order the marshal, for the time being, to perfect the title, and execute a deed to the pur-

chaser, he paying the purchase-money and 6osts remaining unpaid. And where a marshal shall take in execution any lands,

&c., and shall die or be removed from office, or the term of his

commission expire before a sale or other final disposition made

of the same, in every case the like process shall issue to the

succeeding marshal, and the same proceedings shall be had, as

if such former. marshal had not died or been removed, or the

term of his commission had not expired. And the provisions

in this section contained, shall be and they are hereby extended

VOL. XIV.

48

.66

SUPREME COUR'T.

Doolittle's Lessee at al. v. Bryan et al.

-to all the cases respectively which may have happened before the passing-of this act."
There is no -express repeal of the -act of 1789 to be found in this act of 1800. Nor *does it contain any negative terms
which are necessarily contrary to the previous affirmatre. act. 'A latter act is never construed to repeal a prior act unless there be 4 contrariety or repugnancy in them, or at least some notice taken of thb former act so as to indicate an intention to repeal it. The law does not favor a repeal by iraplication unless the xepugnance-be quite plain. hence it has been decided that, although two acts of parliament be seemingly repugnant, yet if there .be no clause of 2toa obstante in the latter they shall, if possible, have such construction that the latter may not be a repeal'of the formei by implication; Dwarris on Stat. 674, and cases cited.
The purview of the clause of the act of 1789, now in question, is to define thd powers of a marshal having process in his
hands at the time he is removed or his office expires; it authorizes him to execute process previously di:-ected to him. The
act of 1800 is evidently intended to confer rights on the parties to have the same acts performed by the new marshal. It gives cumulative rights and powers, for the benefit of suitors.
That such is its purview and policy, is evident from its language - "the purchaser or the plaintiff," it is said, "may apply, and the court may order the new marshal for the time being;" and ,although "'inay" is changed into "shall," in the latter clause of
the section it is not necessarily inconsistentb with, nor repugnant to the power conferred on the marshal to execute precepts in his hands, by the act of 1787. The latter act does not set aside or make void Iprocess or precepts in the hands of the outgoingmarshal, orequire him to hand them over to the hew officer. It authorizes "like process" to issue to him; and the word " shall" is used because it is the most proper in conferring
a power on the officer, and is not incompatible with the choice given to the, plaintiff in the first clause of the section. The
laws of th.e several States affecting liens on land, and the process _bwy hich they mby be 4old for the satis action of judgments, differvery widely. In some, by attachment i lien is created at the institution of the suit. In others, the judgment becomes a lien at the time of its rendition; while in others, the execution and levy first give a lien. In some, lands are sold on af.fa., while 'in others it can be sold only on a vinditfoni expondas. Under the act of 1789, a doubt might have been entertained, whether land attached should be sold by the officer who had originally attkcxed it, and whether,'if process issued to a new officer, it might not be a relinquishment of the lien of the original attach-

DECEM-BER TERM, 1852.

567'

Doo.little's Lessee et al. v. Bryan -et al.

ment, as by fiction of law the land, like personal property attached, might be considered in the custody of the officer who attached it. Again, an officer, going out of office, may have an execution in his hands which has created a lien; if the act were construed so as imperatively to require a new or "like process" to issue to the neW officer, the lien, and with it the debt, might be lost. In other cases, on the contrary, a marshal may be, and often is, removed from office, because money, which once gets into his hands, cannot be got out again, and a plaintiff may
much prefer to relinquish his execution and take a new one. Doubts, also, may have arisen whether a venditioni exjxonas could legally issue to the new marshal, where the former one had levied on the land and had it condemned. All these diffi. culties are obviated by the act of 1800, not by repealing the' general powers given by the act of 1789, but by conferring certain powers on the new officer, where it is found expedient or necessary that fie should exercise them. IIt is an argument entitled to great weight in the construction of these statutes, -that different constructions have been given them in different States, and the practice under them has been
more or less conformed to the, State practice, without, perhaps, a proper regard to these acts. In some, the act of 1800 has been overlooked altogether. A sharp or stringent construbtion, which should now declare the latter to be a repeal of the powers conferred by the former, might have the effect of unsettling titles to land to an extent the court may not be able to anticipate. In the present case, it is said, the land was sold in 1829. Tie purchaser paid his money and obtained his deed upon the faith
of a judgment of the court that the sale was regular, and has held the land under this title ever since. Hundreds of similar cases
may probably be found, where the same objections to the sale exist. Under such circumstances a court should be even astute in avoiding a.construction which may be productive of~mugh litigation and insecurity of titles.
We therefore answer the first question proposed, in the negative; which involves, as a necessary consequence, an affirmative
answer to the second, so far as it affectsthe case before us.'
But we do not mean to say that the confirmatibn of a void sale
by the court, would make it valid.

-Order.
This cause came on to be heard, on the transcript of-the record, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio, and on the points or questions on which the Judges o the said Circuit Court were opposed in opinion 'and

508

SUPREME COURT.

Veazie et al. v. Moor.

which were certified to this court for its opinion, agreeably to the act,'9 f Congress in such case made ard provided, and wias argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is the opinion
of this court,-. 1. "That a sale of land by a marshal, on a venditioni exponas,
after he is reirioved from office, and a new marshal appointed .and qualified," is not void.
2. Thac such sale being returned to the court, and confirmed by it on motion, and a deed ordered to be made to the purchaser, at the sale, by the new marshal, such sale being made,
is valid." "Whereupon it is now here ordered- and 'adjudged, by this
court, that it be so certified to the said Circuit Court.

S.MUEL VEAZIEr.AND LEVI YOUNG, PLAINTIFFS IN ERIZOR, V. WYMAN B. S. MooR.
The River P'enobscot is entirelk within the State of Miaine, from its source to its pnouth. For the last eight miles of its course it is not navigable, but crossed by four dams e'ected for manufacturing purposes; Higher up the stream there was an imperfect navigation.
A lemw of the State, granting the- exclusive navigation of the upper river to a company who were to improve it is not in conflict with th,'87th section of the 1st article of the Constitution of the United States. and a license to carry on the coasting trade did not ehtitle a vessel to navigate the upper waters of the river.
Tigs case was brought up from the Sulreme Judicial Court of the State of Maine, by a writ of error issued under the 25th .scction of the Judiciary Act.
The facts in the case are stated in the opinion of the court.
-It was argued by Mr. Paine, for the plaintiffs in error, and by M.r. Kelley and Mr. Moor, for the defendant in error:
The following pwpositions were contended for, in an elaborate brief, filed by the counsel for the plaintiffs in error:
I. That the constitutional power of Congress in question, embraces the right to adopt any means reasonably necessary, in thVir opinion, to the successful prosecution of commerce among the States and with foreign nations.
2. That Congress has adopted, as such means, the whole commercial marine of the, country, every part of which, as a unit., is under their entixe control and regulation, without regard tothe waters on which the navigation is carried on.
. That to cpnstitute a part of this commercial marine, no other qualifications are necessary than those prescribed by Con

70

SUPREMfE COURT.

Sample et al. v. Barnes.

SAMUEL SAMPLE, ISRAEL W. PIORINS, AND BURWELL SCOTT,
AP.PELLANTS, V. SHADRACH :BARNES.
Where there was a judgment at law against a defendant in Mississippi, and he sought relief in equity, upon the ground that the consideralion of the contract was the introduction of slaves into the State, and consequently illegal a court of equity will not grant .relief, because the complainant was it paii ddicto with the other party.
Moreover, such a defence would have been good at law, and the averments, that deception was practised to prevent the complainant from making the defence, are not sustained by the evidence in the case. And, further, after the judgment, the complainant gave a forthcoming bond, thus recognizing the validity of the judgment.
THis was an appeal from tho Circuit Court of the United States for the Sout*hern District of Mississippi.
The facts are all stated in the opinion of the court.
It was argued, in a printed brief, for the appellants, by Jliessrs. Walker, Freeman,and Volney B. Howard. No counsel appeared for the appellee.
The argument consisted chiefly in comments upon the testimony, and contending that giving a forthcoming bond did not recoanize the validity of the judgment.
The giving and forfeiture of the forthcoming bond aid not deprive the party of his right to a decree for a new trial at law. It is, in legal effe-ct, little more than the ordinary bond of replevin. There was no judicial proceedings on the forfeiture, and no right, under the laws of Mississippi, to inquire into the irregularities, errors, or frauds of the original judgment. The giving of the bond therefor did not ompearkaeteitaidneleaqyuiitny.presenting his defence at law.. He could only
It has been decided, in Mississippi, that the giving and forfeiting of a forthcoming bond operates as an extinguishment of the original judgment. Bit this has been held with reference to judgment liens and process. The courts would not, of course, permit an execution on the original judgment, and on the statutory judgment on the forthcoming bond, or sustain liens on both judgments. The courts of that State, however, have fully recognized the principle, that the statutory jud!gment rested entirely on the judicial judgment, and have held that the former could nu6 b. supported without the latter, and became void on its reversal. Hoy v. Couch, 5.How. Miss. Rep. 188. If, therefore, the appellant had a good .cause for-a new'trial in chancery, he did not: lose it by giving the forthcoming bond.- So far as the -merits and the equity is concerned, both proceedings are but one judgment. The statutory proceeding is only held'a judgment, as ELmere legal fiction, and cannot stand in the way of a court of equity.

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.
Sample et al. v. Barneu.
Mr. Justice DANIEL delivered the opinion of the court In their bill, filed in the Circuit Court, it is alleged by the appellants that, in the month of October, 1836, the appellee, Barnes, in conjunction with one Dunett, introduced from other States of the Union into the State of Mississippi, and in violation of her constitution and laws, a number of negro slaves, for +he purpose of being sold as merchandise. That, in execution of the design for which they were introduced, a number of those slaves were sold by the appellee to one Thomas B. Ives, from whom he took, in payment, a bill of exchange, bearing date in October, 1836, drawn by Ives on N. and J. Dicks, of New Orleans, and indorsed by the appellant, Sample, ,nd one G. A. Thompson. That this bill, being presented first for acceptance and subsequently for payment, was, in each instance, refused by the drawees, but was not protested-either for non-acceptance or non-payment. That, after these transactions, upon some agreement betveen Barnes and Ives, a second bill of exchange was, in 1837, drawn by the latter upon the firm of Ford, Markham, & Co., for $5,916.66, at ten months after date, and was indorsed by the appellant, Sample, and by G orge A. Thompson, the in-' dorsers of the previous bill, and was substituted'ln lieu thereof. That this second bill was not paid; but whether it was protested, or whether notice of its dishonor was ever given, the appellant, Sample, states that he was unable to recollect That Barnes, being urged by Sample to sue Ives immediately for the amount of the second bill, instead of complying with this direction, took a deed of ttast oh certain property of Ives, stipulating in this deed to give further time for the payment of the bill, and that this deed of trust, and the agreements therein contained, were made without the knowledge and against the consent and directions of the appellant, Sample, and in fraud of his rights as a surety. That a suit having been instituted in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi, against Sample, as the last indorser of the bill of exchange drawn on Ford, Markham, & Co.; the said Ives, upon information being _iven him of that fact by Sample, assured him that he need not feel any .uneasiness on that account, as he, Ives, had employed able counsel to defend him in that suit. That, subsequently to this assurance from Ives, in a conversation of the appellant, Sample, with Barnes, the latter promisect him, that, if Ives would confess a judgment in the State court for the amount of the bill, he, Barnes, would dismiss the suit he had instituted against the appellant as indorser of that bill That, upon communicating to Ivbs the proposition of the appellee, Ives professed his perfect readiness -to comply with that proposal, and Barnes' then parted with the

72

SUPREME COURT.

Qmple et al. v. Barnes.

appellant, with the professed purpose of obtaining from Ives a confession of judgment, and At the same time agreed with the appellint, Sample, that, in -the event of a failure by Ives to give such cofifession, he would inform Sample the-- , n order
that they, conjointly, might endeavor to obtain from Ives a fulflmerit of his promise. That Barnes omitted to give information,'of the refusal on the part of Ives; but permitted'the appellaht, Sample, to remain under the impression that a confession of judgment had been given by Ives, until after the cummencement of the Circuit Court; in the month of May,
1839, when the appellant, Sample, was informed by Barnes that Ives was insolvent. That, by these circumstances, and especially by the conduct of Barnes, Sample was thrown off his guard, and a judgment by default was, in consequence thereof,
rendered against him at the May term of the Circuit Court, in 1839, for the sum of $6,822.62, and the costs of suit. That, executioh having been sued out on this judgnient, the- appellant, Sample, in conformity with advice given him, had, with the other appellants; Pickins and Scott, as his sureties, executed a forthcoming bond for the delivery to the marshal of the property therein named; which bond, having been forfeited, pperated as a judgment, and execution thereon had been sued out, and had been levied on the slaves and other personal property of Sample.
Upon the foregoing statements, the appellants prayed, that
the original contract for the sale of the slaves by Barnes, and all the undertakings and liabilities growing out of that sale, might be declared to be void as having been in violation of the constitution and laws of Mississippi; and that for this cause affecting the character of the contract, and by reason too of the fraud and deception imputed by the bill to the appellee, Barnes,
with reference to,Sample, the judgments alid executions obtained for his benefit might be perpetually enjoined.
'Upon the 24th of April, 1840, an injunction was awardect uLu
appellants by the Judge of the District Court of the United Stafes for the Southern District of Mississippi.
To that portion of the bill wlieh charges the introduction of slaves in violation of -the cbnstitution and laws of Mississippi, the ippellee declines to answer, as that charge included the lia.
bility to a criminal prosecution. To'this refusal of the appellee
no exception was takenf, either in the pleadings or at the hearing of the cause. To every- other charge in the bill the answer is
directly responsive, and fully denies every material allegation. And wi.th respect to all tfie charges, inclusive of the first, the testimony adduced by the complainant below, falls far short of sustaining any one of them. It is deemed loose, vague, and
in~mmaterial. Nay, the very contract witli Ives, filed as an exhibit

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

78

Sample et al. v. Barnes.

with the bill, and which is alleged to have been an agreement
for indulgence to Ives, to the prejudice of the-rights of Sample,, absolufely overthrows this assertion, and is shown apon its face, and by its terms and object, to have been simply an additional security from Ives, operating. if at all, for the advantage of Sample; a security too, which the grantee, in that instrument had the right to enforce immediately upon failure to pay the bill of exchange drawn on Ford, Markham, & Co.
UOpon the hearing of this cause before the Circuit Court at
the November term of 1848, the injunction which had been awarded the appellants was dissolved, -and the bill dismissed
with costs. For the examination of -hat decree upon appeal, this cause is now before us.
This case is then left to be decided upon its features, as disclosed in the bill and answer; and~the application to these of a few settled and familiar principles of equiiy jurisprudence, will at once determine its fate. And first with respect to the intrinsic merits of the appellant's original claim to exemption from liabihty; and secondly, £s to the degree or extent in which such claim, if eyer existing, has been affected by his own conduct, as evincing either the, assertion or the surrender of that claim. The bill commepces by charging the introduction and sale of slaves within the State of Mississippi, in violation of the constitution and laws of that State, as the essential ground of impeachment of tue original contract and of Sample's exemption fon'liability accruing therefrom. Yet it is somewhat singular, thau wbhilst urging this objection and whilst admitting his parTicipation in the sale, by giving it the sanction of his.name and credit, he is entirely silent as to any knowledge by him as to the illegality of a transaction in which he bore so important a part.
He certainly possessed, at some period of time, knowledge of the character of that transaction; and if his knowledge reached back to its origin and purposes, or to the date of hig own phricipation therein, he must be viewed ds stafiding in pari delicto with all similar acrors therein - a position whieli, however it might shield him against attempts from associates in iwong, so far as these should be urged through the instrumentality of courts of justice, can invest him with no rights, either at law or in equity as against advantages acquired by his confederates.
The appellant, Sample, was certainly .bound to show. himself
clear of the taint of a transaction which he denounces 4s ileg& and fraudulent, but in which he shows that he has mingled from its inception, and which lie deliberately ratified At an interval of six months after his first participation in it. His "failure to do
this, if his denunciation of the transaction be taken as traie, must be decisivet of his fate before a tribunal which lends its
VOL.*XIV.

74

SUPREME COURT.

SampLe et al. v. Barnes.

aid or countenance to those only who can present themselves with pure hands, and who are free from suspicion.
The rule, as applicable to the position of this party, a rule believed to be without exception, has been distinctly announced by this court in a case very similar in most of its features to the one now before us; for that, like the present, was a case in which the contract was impeached for precisely the same reason for which the interposition of equity was here invoked; and in that, too, as in this instance, after the omission to set up a defence at law. We allude to-the case of Creath's Administrator v. Sims,
in the 5th of Howard, where this court, on page 204, have thus
announced the rule by which courts of equity are governed. "WWhosoever," say they, "would seek aLmissifn into a court
of equity must come with clean hands, and such a court will
never interfere in opposition to conscience or good faith. The effect of these principles upon the statements of the compla nant is obvious upon the slightest consideration. The comllainant alleges that the obligation to which he had voluntarily 'become a party was intentionally made in fraud of the law, and for this reason he prays to be relieved from its fulfilment. This prayer, too, is addressed to a court of conscience, to a court which touches nothing which is impure. The condign and appropriate answer from such a tribunal to such a prayer is this, that, however unworthy may have been the conduct of your opponent, you are confessedly in pari delicto; you cannot be permitted here to plead your own demerits: precisely therefore,
in the position in which you have plared yourself, in that position we must leave you." The attitude of the appellant, Sample, in connection with this aspect of the case, would of
itself alone be conclusive against his application to equity for relief; but as this party has adduced other reasons upon which
he has supposed himself entitled to equ-.table interposition, it may not be out of place to show their utter inconsistency with
the very rudiments of equity jurisprudence ; with principles so familiar to the courts and to the profession as to render their particular annunciation scarcely necessary. The defence now
attempted to be set up by Sample, viz.: the illegality under the constitution and statutes of Mississippi of the consideration for which the two bills of exchange were given, if true, was a legal defence, to be availed of in the action z.tlaw by plea or demurrer. Of this principle he seems to be aware, and therefore
hetendeavors to escape from its. operation by attempting to fix upon Barnes cetain practices by which he, Sample, was prevented from making a proper defence in the pction against him in the Circuit Court; but with respect to the testimony adduced to establish such alleged practices, :it may be remarked in the

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

75

Sample et al. v. Barnes.

first plaCe, that it does not make them out as they are averred by the bill to have occurred, and in the next place, admitting the averments in the bill, with respect to the practices objected against Barnes after the institution of the suit at law, supposing them to have ocourred as stated in the bill, they could have formed no valid obligation upon Barnes to surrender, without consideration or equivalent, his legal rights, nor any dispensation to the appellant, Sample, from his duty to guard his interests" in the pending litigation in which he was a party. Barnes had no power to compel a confession of judgment by Ives; and even if such confession had taken place, there could be no propriety in requiring Barnes to substitute for his demand, upon a solvent debtor, a judgment against another who was not solvent
The appellant, Sample, appears to halve been guilty of the grossest neglect and disregard of that diligence which the law requires at the hands of all suitors, and fram the consequences of which they cannot be rescued consistently with the rights of
others oi the order of society. The law, as applicable to such neglect, is plainly declared in the case of Creath v. Sims, already quoted, in which this court have said that "a court of equity will never be called into activity to remedy the consequences of laches or neglect, or the want of reasonable diligence. Whenever, therefore, a competent remedy or defence shall have existed at law, the party who may have neglected to use it, will never be permitted here to supply the omission, to the &ncouragement of useless and expensive litigation, and perhaps to the subversion of justice."
How, then, shall the conduct of the appellant, Sample, be reconciled with the principles by this court so emphatically announced? He not only omits to insist upon his legal defence in the suit at law against him in the Circuit Court, but, after the judgment in that court by default, he executes a delivery bond, with the other appellants as his sureties; thus, after the firs judgment against himself by default, the procures a second judgment against himself and his sureties as it were by confes. sion. This party has, by his conduct, foul times recognized the
claim against him by Barnes - twice by his indorsement upon the bills drawn on N. and J. Dicks & Co , and on Ford, Mark-
ham, & Co.; in the third instance by permitting the judgment by default; and fourthly, by executing the forthcoming bond; wvhich he knew was tantamount to a confession of judgment for the demand.
Upon these grounds, solely, and independently of the original
consideration on which the undertaking by Sample was founded and supposing that consideration to have been invalid, if-inquired into at the proper time, this appellant inust, by his can-

SUPREME COURT.
Raymond v. Longswort!a.
duct, be regarded as having waived all right of inquiry into that consideration, nay, rather as having repeatedly admitted its validity. To permit him, after so doing, to contradict all that he has repeatedly and formally declared, would be to allow him to falsify his solemn acts, to trifle with the settled rules of law and the practice of the courts, and would lead to endless litigation. We therefore order that the decree of the Circuit Court, dissolving the injunction and dismissing the bill in this case, be, and the same is hereby, affirmed.
Ordr.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed with costs.
WILLIAM F. RAYMciND'S LEssEE V. NICHOLAS LONGWORTH.
ir the State of Ohio, it is not a sufficient description of taxable lands to say, "1Cooper, James, Sacres, section 24, T. 4,.F. R. L" A deed made in consequence of aqale for taxes under sueh a description is void. The courts of Ohio have so decided, and this court adopts their decision.
THIs case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio.
It was an ejectment, brought by Raymond, for the following property, viz.: - All that certain tract of land in the western part of, Cincinnati, commencing thirty feet north of Nicholas Longwvoth's individual property, on the west side of Mill Creek road, thence north, on the line of said road, five hundred feet, and extending back, the same width, at right angles with said road, four hundred feet.
The facts are set forth in the opinion of the court.
It was argued by Mr. (Jhase, for the plaintiff in error, and submitted, 'on printed argument, by Mr. Stanberry, fdr the defendant in error.
-The bill of exceptions brought up other .points besides the one upon which the judgment of this court rested; but it is not necessary to notice them.

I)D.QE3MBER TERM, 1852.

589

Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.

action may be brought in the name of the late marshal or his successor.
Several grounds were taken in arrest of judgment. 1. Because the declaration on the bond, does not show that the District Court had jurisdiction in the attachment suit. Such showing was unnecessary, as that court had general jurisdiction of such cases. 2. Because the verdict is informal,'in being entered fdr the amount due, when it should have been for the penalty of the bond. This is a mere informality, and no ground for arresting
the judgment. 3. Because the recovery is for a sum greater than is claimed
by the ad darnnurn. in the declaration. The action wvas debt, and the damages laid *ere only require4 to cover the interest.
There was no error in the District Court in overruling the motion in arrest of judgment.
The judgment of the District Court is affirmed.

Order. 1This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the
record from the District Court of the United States for the District of Wisconsin, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged, by this court, tlat the judgment of the said District Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs, and interest until the same is paid, at the same rate per annum that similar judgments bear in the courts of the State of Wisconsin.

JOHN G. GOESELE AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS, V. JOSEPH M. BIMELERL AND OTHERS.

A society called Separatists, emigrated from Germany to the United States. They

were very poor, and one of them, in 1817, purchased land in Ohio, for which he gave his Iond,and took the title to himself. Afterwards, they adopted two con-

stitutions, one in 1,1M, and one in 1824, which they signed, and in 1832 obtained

an act of incorporation. The articles of association, or constitutions of 1819 and

1824, contained a renunciation of individual property.

The heirs of one of the omf epmarbtietrisonw. ho signed these conditions, and died in 1827, cannot maintain a bill

From 1,47 to 1919, the contract between the members and the person who purchased

the property, vested in parol, and.was destitute of a consideration. Nlo legal rights were vested in the members.

The an'-etor of these heirs renounced all right of individual'-property, when he signed the articles, and did so upon the consideration that the society would sup-

port him in sickness and in health; and this was deemed by him an adequate com-

pensatiou for his labor and property, contributed to the common stock.

VOL. XIV.

50

590

SUPREME COURT.

Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.

The principles of the association were, that land and o her property were to be acquired by the members, but they were not to be ves,;ed with the fee of the land. Hence, at the death of one of them, no right of prope-ty descended to his heirs.
There is no legal objection to such apartnership; nor can it be considered a forfeiture of individual rights for the community to succeed to his share, because it was a matter of voluntary contract.
.Nor do the articles of association constitute a perpetuitj. The society exists at the will of its members, a majority of whom may at any time order a sale of the property, and break up the association.
The evidence shows that they are a moral, religious, and industrious people.

THIs was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio, sitting as a Court of Equity.
The bill was filed by John G. Goesele and six other persons, as heirs at law of Johannes Goesele, deceased, against Bimeler and twenty-four other persons, members of the Society of Separatists.
The facts of the case are stated in the opinion of the court. The Circuit Court dismissed the bill, cand the complainants
appealed to this court.

It was argued by M9r. Quinn, for the- appellants, and by ,Mr. Stanberry and Mr. Ewing, for the appellees.
tr. 'Quinn, for the appellants, stated the facts in the case, the article* of association made in 1819 and 1824, and then made .the following points:
1st. That the purchase being made for the use of all the members'of the company, the purchase-money paid with the issues and profits of their joint labor or joint means, and the title taken by Bimeler, either with or without a fraudvilent intention, makes him a trustee of the legal estate, holding to the use of the members of the company, each of whom own an undivided portion of the whole trust or equitable estate.
2d. That this trust, or equitable estate, is an estate of inheritance, alienable and descendible like any other fee. 8 Ohio R. 398; 9 Ohio R. 145. And that of such an estate Johannes Goesele died seised in 1827.
Here we think the argument properly ends, and that the complainants are entitled to an account and partition. But to the case made upon the articles, we say -
1st. That if the articles of 1819 c6nstituted a partnership, (which we think they did not,) it became dissolved by Johannes -Goesele's death, or by the first change in its constituent parts.
2d. That the articles of 1824 are void for no less than four
different reasons. 1. Because there is no grantee or assignee to take the property
from the natural persons. Sloan v. McConahy, 4 Ohio.R. 169. The society being unincorporated. '4 Wheat. 1.

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

591

Goesele et al. v.Bimeler et al.

2. Because the trusts are vague and uncertain. 3 Kent's Corn. 303; Bacon's .Ab., Uses and Trusts, 256; Tomlins'A L. Diet., Trusts; Story's Eq. § 979 to § 1070; 12 Ohio R. 287; 5 Mass. 504; Swan's Ohio Stat. 319; 2 Spencer's Eq. 106; 7 Eng. Com. Law R. 267.
3. Because they create a perpetuity. Story's Eq. § 974, n.; 10 Ohio R. 4; 2. Spencer's Eq. 93, et seq. 106; 4 Ohio R. 515; ord Deerhurst v. Duke of St. Albans, 5 Mad. 235; 4
Kent's Com. 267, 271; 1 Cox, 324; 1 Bing. 104. 4. Because they are the work of imposition, and a scheme of
Bimeler to defraud his cestui que trusts. In addition to these two exceptions taken to the articles of
1824, two others are made, which are alike common to both,. and which, in their natural, order, lie in advance of those just taken. They are-
1st. That no articles were executed, some of the members having failed to sign; among whom is the defendant 'Bimeler,
who now claims protection under them. 2d. That the so-called Separatists' society, at Zoar, is not an
association or community, but is an institution of a master and his slaves, or what the Roman jurists characterized as societas leoi na. Story on Part. § 18.
Bimeler, upon the face of his pleadings, presents five points of defence.
1. That by the articles, there is a surrender of property, and
that in consequence no property descended to Goesele's heirs. 2. That the institution is to be taken as a general partnership,
with the principles of succession ingrafted upon it, and its property is to be taken as personalty.
3. That in virtue of the act of incorporation, passed in 1832,
the entire property passed to the corporation. 4. That Johannes Goesele's labor was not worth more than
his support. 5. That the property has been improved with regard to a
common ownership, and cannot now be divided. The first of these points, we say, admits the first objection.
made to the articles of 1824, viz., the want of an assignee.
For, while it claims a surrender, it does not show to whom that surrender was made.
Upon the second point, we think the articles do not consti. tute a partnership; yet, if they do, we think it is a waiver of the whole defence; for, if the members were partners, they owned the property. But a partnership, with the principle of succession ingrafted upon it, would be a corporation, which individuals have not the power of making. In the consideration of these points, the following- cases are cited: Miles v. Fisher, 10

SUPREME COURT.
Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.
Ohio Rep. 1; Story on Part, § 273, § 18; 15 Johns. Rep. 159; 11 Mass. Rep. 469; Swan's Ohio Statutes.
The third point, namely, that Goesele's property passed to a corporation, five years after his death, is not the law. 8 Pick. Rep. 455.
Upon the fourth point, we say that, whether Goesele's labor was worth more or less than his support, is a matter after which the court will not inquire; but, finding him a member of the company, and a joint owner of the estate, will presume his share equal to that of the other members. If,however, it makes the inquiry, it will find that he contributed about twice or three times his proportionate share.
The fifth and last point presented on fce face of the pleadings, namely, that the property has been improved with regard to a common ownership, and is incapable of division, we cannot but regard as trifling. And yet we find that depositions, covering no less than thirty pages of printed record, have been taken to prove this point, together with one other of similar importance, namely, that the members are well clothed, well fed, and are contented.
One other point was raised by the defendant, Bimeler, at the hearing below, and will probably be raised again. It is, that "the society is a charity," or rather that the property is a donation to'charitable use. This, we say, it is not, and cite Ambler, 652; Story's Eq. § 1156, 4th ed., § 1182, 1183; Rabb v. Read, 5 Rawle's Rep. 154; Chase's Ohio Statutes, 1066; Swan's Ohio Statutes, 782; 4 Wheat. 1.
We are advised that it will be insisted that the society is what is called a universal partnership. If it is, it will not lel the defence; for such partnerships differ from ordinary partnerships only in the extent of the investment; that is, the members invest their .all, all their labor, property, ar.d skill; but in every other particular, including the causes of dissolution, they are governed by the same rules that go.'ern ordinary partnerships. Were they, however, such as is claimed by the defence, they would be corporations.
Again, we are advised that it will be claimed that the articles are a contract for survivorship. To this we answer, that nothing can be farther from both the letter and spirt of the instruments. Instead of its being provided that one shall survive to the estate of another, it is expressly .provided, ti at no one shall survive to, or even have any thing; and in this particular the first decedent and the last survivor are placed in precisely the same situation. Nothing could be more foreign from the intention,
than'that the last survivor and his heirs should take the whole property, to the exclusion of the heirs of all the other members.

DECEMBER TERMN, 1852.

593

Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.

That Goesele once owned the property, is admitted; and Bimeler claims to be nothing but a trustee, In this situation, when called upon by the cestid que trust to convey the legal title, he endeavors to defend himself by saying, that cestui que trust assigned his interest to a third person. This ldnfd of defence cannot be sustained. For as he is a mere stakeholder, by his own showing, he must file histobliilltiogfatienttehreplreiagdhetr., and bring that thikd party before the court
He claim. protection, too, under instruments which he never signed, but which he got others to sign, by representing that he would also be a subscriber.
Great complaint is made from the other side, that we are endeavorigg to infringe upon their liberties by prohibiting them from living in community. This is not so. Mr. Bimeler and his adherents may live in any way they please, provided they live on their own property; but we are unwilling to give them our property to enable them to live in any way whatever. They say, too, that the appointment of a receiver or a partition will break up the society. If it does, it ought to be broken up; for it is an -evidence that the members do not wish to live as they do.
The articles of 1833 purport to be a revision of those of 1819 and 1824, and also to be an acceptance of an act of incorporation passed in 1833; but they form a society entirely different from the one created by the act, for which reason, we
think, the grant of corporate power has been rejected. A grant of corporate power must be received as it came from the hands of the legislature, or it is not received at all. Kirk v. Newill, 1 T. R. 71.
Their by-laws, too, which are required by the statute to be consistent with the laws of the Uhited States and the State of Ohio, are opposed to public policy.
They require the alienating rights which are unalienable, and close the doors of the courts of justice against the citizen. Con-
stitution of Ohio, §§ 1, 16, Bill of Rights; 1 Blackf. 122; 19 Wend. 77. Deprive the husband of his curtesy and the widow of her dower. 4 Kent, 131; 3 Id. 30, e; 2 Spencer's Eq. 104; 1 Eden, 415. Their trusts are also vague and uncertain. They are also executory, and, to divest the member of his property, are without consideration.
Under these articles, as well as under those of 1824, if they
are sustained, Bim-ler will eventually-take the whole property in
absolute ownership. He still holds the legal title. The members, according to his defence under the articles of 1824, hold an use while they remain members; consequently, when they
cease to be men-bers, either by death or otherwise, the use
50"

594

SUPREME COURhT.

Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et-al.

estate becomes extinct, and his legal title takes the absolute property, The sapne is the case under the artles of 1833, supposing the company to be incorporated; fcr by that arrangement the corporation holds the use estate in trust for the use of the members. When thq members die, then the corporation dies, and, as a consequence, there is nobody to look after the trust; therefore, whether the company is or is not incorporated, Bimeler's legal title will eventually take the whole estate.
Such an advantage, to be acquired by an agent over his principals, a preacher or pastor over his people, and a trustee over his cestui que trusts,i cannot be sustained by any ehlighterp-d system of jurisprudence.

MJ'r. Stanberry'sbrief was as follows: I propose, in the first place, to consider the character and legal condition of this association, as it stood upon the mere agree-
ments of 1819 and 1824, before it became clothed with a corporate capacity.
It is said it was simply a partnership, liable to the incidents of that condition, and subject to the operation of all the ordi-
nary causes of dissolution. 'That, in point of fact, it was dissolved by the first death which happened amongst its members,
and was capable of dissolution and partitzon of its real estate, at any time, at the instance of any member.
if it were a pure partnership, these results would have followed. But I claim this association is no; of that character.
The original agreement provides for a p erfect community of
property, real and personal, and for a succession or survivorship among members on the Tontine principle. It guards, with great care, against the dissolution of the body. Its property consisted, at tire beginning, of a common stock of money and chattels, contributed in unequal proportions by the members, with which, and the labor of the members,, real estate ard personalty, to a very large amount, were in process of time accumulated.' The legal title to the real estate has always been vested in Joseph I. Bimeler, one of the members. The busi-
ness of the society has been various. Agriculture, nanufactures, and merchandise, have been carried on simultaneously.
From. 1817 to 1833, a period of seventeen years, during which it was unincorporated, various changes took place in the body of the so6iety, by deaths, withdrawals, expulsions, and admniis-
sions of members., With this general outline, we can ent,: r upon the inquiry
which is opened by the objections on the other side.
And first, we say, this was not a rnere partnership, nor the members tenants in common. The agreement' for community

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

595

Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.

of property, the mutual surrender of all individual property into the common stock, and the express stipulations against any reclamation in the case of withdrawal, and for the preservation of the common property, for the exclusive use and perpetual enjoyment of the members, in succession, are inconsistent with the incidents of mere partnership or tenancy in common.
There can be no question as to the intent of these stipulations. The only doubt is as to their legal practicability.
The actual practicability of such a society is demonstrated in this instance. For the sixteen years in which it existed withodt a charter it fulfilled all the purposes of its formation, and secured the comfo-t and well-being of its members, beyond the common lot.
But, it is said, there are legal difficulties which the agreement of the parties cannot surmount. Let us consider them.
1. It is said, upon the death of a member, the society was dissolved ex" necessitate. This consequence, though generally true as to partnerships, does not follow where the agreement provides against it. It is not an inevitable consequence. The doctrine of dissolution upon the death of a partner, only obtains where the deceased partner has a continuing interest in the property or profits of th! association. It is not just that the surviving partners should be obliged to carry on the business, without his cooperation, for the benefit of his estate. Story on Partnership, 454.
I have said this society was not an ordinary partnership. It very closely resembles that sort of partnership in the civil law, which is called universal. "Universal partnerships (des societies vuniverselles) are contracts by which the parties agree to make a common stock of all property they respectively pos. sess -they may extend it to all property, real or personal, or restrict it to the personal only. They may, as in other partnerships, agree that the property itself shall'be common stock, or that the fruits only shall be such; but property which may accrue to one of the parties, after entering into the partnership, by donation, succession, or legacy, does not become common stock, and any stipulation to that effect, previous to the obtaining of the property aforesaid, is void." "An universal partnership of profits includes all the gains that may be made, from -whatever source, whether from property or industry, with the restri& tion contained in the last article, and subject to all legal stipulations between the parties" Civil Code of Louisiana, art. 2800. 9QS01.
These universal partnerships have been adopted into the common law. Mr. Justice Story thus defines them: "By univer3al partnerships, we are to understand these, that where the

SUPREME COURT.
Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.
parties agree to bring into the firm all their property, real, personal, and mixed, and to employ all their skill, labor, services, and diligence, in trade or business, for the common and mutual benefit, so that there is an entire communion of interest between them. Such contracts are within the scope of the common law, but they are of very rare existence." Story on Part. 104.
Such 'a form of association being within the scope of the common law, can it be doubted that, by the mutual consent and agreement of the members, the effect of a dissolution by death may be provided against?
In England, and in the United States, large associations and joint stock companies exist, under agreements which protect the members, inter sese, from the ordinary incidents of partnership, such as dissolution by death, bankruptcies, assignments, &c. Collyer on Part. 614; Livingston v. Lynch, 4 Johns. Cli. Rep. 573.
This association is a general partnership, with the principle of survivorship ingrafted upon it. In this particular it takes the character of a Tontine, which is a society with the benefit of survivorship, the longest liver taking the common property in absolute ownership. Encyclopoedia Brit. vol. 37, art. Tontine; Encyclopaedia Amer. vol. 12, art. Tontine.
I can see no objection to this provision as to ownership. Certainly as to personalty there can be no difficulty; but it is said, in so far as the real property of the company is concerned, there can be no joint tenancy, no right of survivorship, in Ohio; and that upon a death of a member, his interest in the real estate passes to his heirs at law, and that at any time the right to partition might be asserted.
As to that, it is to be considered, in the first place, that this is a partnership, and that the real estate is, by the articles of association, expressly made a part of the common stoek. This, in equity, stamps it with the character of personalty. Summer v. Hampson, 8 Ohio Rep. 328.
Fortunately for the society, the title to its real estate has always been well vested in one individual. No question can be raised in this case as to the condition of that legal title, and as to the equitable title or use, that was in the members before the act of incorporation, and since then it is in the corporate body.
I do not doubt, however, that as a general principle, equitable estates follow the same rules as to descent, &e., with legal estates. What I mean to say in reference to the legal, as distinguished from the'equitable, title, is, that there is a necessity, it should vest somewhere, and conform to gedieitl rules as to transfer, descent, &c.
Being relieved, in this case, from any difficulty as to the condition of the fee in the real estate of this society, all we have

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

597'

Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.

:o look to, is merely the equitable interest or use which enured -o the members,who stood in the relation of cestuis que trust :o Bimeler, the holder of tbe legal title. As I have before said, this interest in partnership property is viewed in this court simply
as personalty. But if that were not so, if it were strictly an interest in real
estate, and to be made conformable to the rules which govern
real property, I deny that the principle of survivorship may not be grafted upon it.
Our court has said, in an early case, (Sergeant v. Steinberber, 2 Ohio Rep. 126,) that the estate by joint tenancy does not exist in Ohio. That case only required of the court to decide that it does not exist here by mere operation of law. But that
the principle of survivorship may not be provided for and exist by limitadon, in Ohio; has never been decided. On the con-
trary, we have. reported cases which recognize it. M1iles v. Fisher, (10 Ohio, 1,) is a case of that character. The court say in that case, "Laying out of view the doctrine of survivorship, resulting from joint tenancy, an incident of the estate depending on the law and not on the act of the party, we find the testator, by express words, limiting the estate to three trustees and the survivor. The estate wvell passes by these vords to the survivor for life, the remainder in fee is not disposed of."
There is, then, no objection to survivorship by express limita-
tion or agreement. This being so, there has been no descent to any heirs of the'deceased members of the society, and, there
is no present right of partition in any of the living members. It is also said that even as to the personal property, it is diffi-
cult to fix its ownership distinct from the individual right of each member making the contribution, and that the idea of ac-
curulation for an unincorporated body is a fallacy. This difficulty is altogether fanciful. The members of this
partnership are in no way uncertain, for no one is a member whose name is not subscribed to the articles of association: It
is a large partnership. The accumulation is for the partners, not for an ideal company or mere abstraction. The property loses its individuality as to ownership the instant the owner becomes a member. It stands like the property of any other partnership. The partners are joint owners. No formal transfer or delivery is necessary; the possession by one partner is the possession of all.
Objection is also made to this association, that the principle
of community and si cession of property among the members, involves a perpetudit There is nothing like a perpetuity in it. The society has the perfect right of disposal over all its property, real as well as personal, and this power of disposalis

SUPREME COtURT I
Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.
wholly inconsistent with the idea of perpetuity, which only exists where property is so limited that no living agency can unfetter it.
It is further urged that this society is contrary to the genius of our free institutions - that its constitution enforces perpetual service and adherence to a particular faith, and that it is aristocratic in its tendency.
If-there were any thing in such objecticns, the constitution answers them all. So fdr from being it all aristoerdtic, this society is a pure democracy. All the officers are chosen by ballot, every member, male and female, having an equal voice; and the body of the society reserves to itself ttre power of removing officers, and changing the form of goverpment at pleasure.' All distinctions of rank or wealth are abblished, and a perfect equality provided for. No single dogma in religion or politics is announced, no unusual restraint on marriage, nor subszrviency, to any doctrine out of the common way, exist; and so far from any enforcement of perpetual service being provided for, the right is reserved for every member to retire from the society at pleasure, with the single condition that no claim is to be set up for services or property contributed. The powers -which the society confides to its officers are temporary, and so distributed as to prevent any one member or officer from engro.ssing too much power.
Besides this liberal frame of government, the constitution, by very full 'enactments, pro'vides for the education of the
children, the comfort and support of all. th3 members, and the peaceable 'ettlement of all controversies by domestic tribunals. It is impossible to hold that such a constitution is contrary to public policy, or in any sense illegal. To say that such a ,society cannot exist under our form of government is a libel on our.free institutions.
Here are a number of persons, who, in the exercise of their mature judgment, and following their own peculiar views, have thought it best, more than thirty yeaYs ago, to associate as one family, in a communion of property. From that time to the" present, through an entire generation, their experiment has been successful, They have lived in peace, plenty, and happiness, beyond the common lot. The legislaturEz has given them a charter to perpetiiate their social existence; and now it is urged that, in this land of liberty, the right does not exist to live in this way; a very bright idea, truly! If a despot proclaimed such an edict, forbidding men to pursue their ,:wn mode of life, in their own inoffensive way, we could. understand it; but it' is quite new as a democratic idea.

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.
Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.
(21ir. Stanberry then cited and examined the cases of Waite v. Merrill et al. 4 Greenleaf, 102; Schriber v, Rapp, 5 Watts, 351; Gass and Bonta v. 'Wilhite et al. 2 Dana, 170. He then contended that this society was protected by the doctrine of charities, and by its act of incorporation.)
1lIr. Ewings brief was as follows. 1st. The executor or' administrator of Goesele is not a party to this suit; therefore nb question as to personal property can arise. I now state the proposition as applying to property purely personal, but will, in the course of my argument, show that it controls also the real estate owned hy this association, to which the law attributes the qualities and consequences of personalty. 2d. This suit, therefore, involves nothing but title to -real estate, and the question is, did Goesele die seised of an inheritable estate in tho lands and tenements named in the bill. We have the "object and terms of the original purchase from no other source than the answer of Bimeler. He says he purchased it for the Separatist society, took a deed in his own name, and gave his own bonds for the payment of'the purchasemoney. P. 6. And it was purchased with the understanding at the time that it should be paid for with the means and labor of those of the Separatists who would settle upon it, and that each should have thereof in proportion to the amount that he or she should contribute to paying therefor. P. 14. It is obvious, at ohee, that here was yet no partnership. And there was yet no contract between Bimeler and either or all of the other parties which equity could enforce. No one was yet bound to Bimeler, that he should go upon the land or pay for any part of it; as a correlative proposition, Bimeler was not bound to hold the land, or any part of it, in trust for any of them. Both parties must be bound or neither. GCoesele, however, went on t6 the land, and built a small loghouse on a town lot in Zoar, previous to 1819. Some conffict in the evidence about the building. Ie went into a house. He was still under no contract to pay for any of the land. He, still had no right to any definite part or amount, on making payment, unless it may have been the town lot on which his house was built. He had yet paid nothing, applied nothing; had no contract which equity could regard. If, the hour before the execution of the articles of April .th, 1819, Goesele had claimed a definite portion of the land, and offered to pay for it in proportion to the cost of the whole, a court of equity could not have denied it to him.

600

SUPREME COURT.

Goesele et al. v. Bimeler el al.

If Bimeler had declared that he would thenceforth hold the land to his own use, and that his associates should have none of it, equity could not have relieved them by decreeing to them parts of the land. The law, however, would have given them . quantum meruit for the labor which they had performed.
Or, if I be mistaken in this, and he had any interest in the land which equity could recognize, it was held by such loose and uncertain tenure, that he could abandon it ly any word or deed
showing a purpose not to retain or rely upon it. Goesele, thereXore, was entitled to. nothing, except what the articles of brother. hood and association gave him.
The genuineness of the articles is doubted, and we are called upon for proof that Goesele signed them. 'We are content that the court sh6uld regard them as not in evidence, and especially
that Goesele never signed them. If that be so, we think it very clear that he never had any right whatever, except to a compensation in money for his services, if he rendered any, of value beyond his maintenance, nursing, and burial. But this is a ques. tion -which none but his administrator is competent to litigate.
But he had rights under-those articles of association, and as his counsel is probably not seriously disposed to repudiate them, I will inquire what the rights were which were conferred by
them. Waiving, for the present, the question whether this was or was
not a charitable association, and, as such, protected by the law of charities, I will examine it as a mere attempt to dispose of .property..and give it direction.
I will suppose Bimeler to have signed the articles, as he intended to be bound by them, and would have signed them had the land been paid- for and his notes taken up, and he did sign soon after this was done.
Then if the articles were good to transfer real estate in equity, they -were good to transfer personalty, and equally good to limit and direct the real estate transferred.
What title to the real estate do these articles vest in Goesele?
it, is to be borne in mind, that down to this time Birneler had the legal estate, and Goesele had no interesin it which a court of equity could regard. ,
The articles giv6 to Goesele a right to live upon, and enjoy a fair proportion of the land, durihg his life; to raise and have his children educated and maintained upon it; to take part, with others) under rules agreed upon between themselves, in its ma-
nagement and control.. Tfese rights, however, were conferred
subject-to conditions and forfeiture. But the conditions were complied with, namely, that he
should surrender whatsoever property he had, to the association,

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

601

Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.

and live and labor with them during his life. le did not incur a forfeiture; be had then purchased this right, and he enjoye4

it; hp lived, died, and was buried in the lands with his brethren

in the faith.

Can there be a doubt that all the parties were competent to

make this contract? But if there be a doubt, can a question now arise as to their competency, since both parties kept it, and executed it faithfully to the end?

No complaint on either side, of wrong or violation, until the

contract, as far as Goesele was concerned, was completely exe-

cuted and ended.

But if this contract could not be -legally entered into by

Goe'sele with the other members, no valid contract whatever was entered into by him or for him.

Bineler agreed to surrender this land to the association, to be
held in this manner, and on these conditions. He never did agTee, and never would have agreed, to surrender it to these one

hundred and fifty men and women as a partnership, subject to the consequences of partnerships, dissolution by the death or withdrawal of a member, and consequent partition, at least three

thnes a year, of land and personalty.

If equity cannot sustain the contract which the parties did

make for themselves, it will not make a contract for them which they never did make, and never intended to make, 6nd which

would defeat all their objects.

But it will carry'out the contract according to their intent,.

as far forth as the principles of law will permit. This will readily and without a single difficulty, that I can discover, dis-
pose of Goesele's interest, and consequently of this case.

Gocsele might, without the violation of any rule of law, give

his labor and property, if he had any, in consideration of the provision for life herein made for him.

Binieler might, in like manner, bind his land in equity to make

good such provision. 3d. But I do not, for myself, perceive any serious difficulty

in transmitting the property, with the" personalty and the equi-

table title to the realty, in the manner Pdopted by these articles.

Cannot a man transfer the equitable title to his real estate to

ten men, designated as those who live .on it and have signed the article of transfer with him, to be used and enjoyed by

them as long as they shall abide by the terms of the article,

and giving a right to the persons, to whom he so transfers, to vest the same right iii others, in succession, who shall enter into

the same article in future, and comply with its conditions, the

majority having, as in this case, the power to sell and dispose

VOL. XIV.

51

'602

SUPREME COURT.

Goesele et al. v. Bimeler ,tal.

of the property, but required to apply the proceeds to the same object??
This is nota perpetuity in the common-law'sense of the term; it does not tie up real 'estate, for it may be disposed of at any
time. Such a limitation of the real estate, or its proceeds, would be good, by the laws of Ohio, for the lives in being; and each tenant for life, by his ovn signature, if the full estate at any time vested in him or them, could equally well transmit it to another life, and so in succession, a majority being at all times
able to terminate the succession at pleasure. 4th. But if I be wrong in this, and difficulty arise as to the
final disposition of the property, when the end cometh, which is not yet, that difficulty is removed by the law of charitable uses, considered in Mr. Stanberry's brief.
5th. And if this be not Lcharity, and as such protected by
equity, and'if the contract made by the parties for themselves be invalid fo± the purposes intended, it is Still good as a y art-
nership with succession, by the express agreement of the parties, an agreement, so'far, unobjectionable. All the property owned in common, real as well as personal, is necessary to carry on the partnership; it is, therefore, all personalty in equity. Aiud the
*partners, or a majority of them, can readopt, their rules or change them at pleasure, and transmit their property by succession as
heretofore, or divide between the partners. 6th. But if it were indeed a partnership, we have .not the
'necessary parties iii court. The property is all personalty, and neither executor nor administrator of Goesele is in court.

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court. This case comes bef6re the court on an appeal from the Cir-
cuit Court of the District of Ohio. 1u their bill the complainants represent that they are the heirs
at law of Johannes Goesele, who died at Zoar, in the county of Tuscarawas, Ohio, in the year 1827; that the said Johannes, in .his lifetime, associated himself with the defendants, Bimeler
and others, and formed a society of Separaotists, and in the year 1817 they purchased of one Godfrey Haga, of Philadelphia, a tract of land situated in said county, containing 5,500 acres; that afterwards other purchases were made, which, when added to the first purchase, amounting to 10,000 acres, with a large
number of town lots, and other property procured about the same time; that these purchases were made on behalf of Goesele, deoeased, and his associates, and for their use, and the purchasemoney was paid by their joint labor and money; that Bimeler ac.ted fraudulently as their agent, in taking the deed and title papers to himself and his heirs forever.

DECEM]BER TERM, 1852.

803

Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.

They further represent that many of his associates sold their interest to their ancestor, on leaving the society. And the defendants allege, that, as heirs of their ancestor, they are entitled
to one hundredth portion of the estate now held by Bimeler; and that they have requested the defendants to make partition
of the estate, which has been refused; that Bimeler, although often requested, has refused to convey to the complainants any part of the estate; and they pray that he may be compelled to give a full and true description of the property held by him as stated; and that on a final hearing he may be decreed to make
partition of the said property, and to make a good deed in fee-
simple to the complainants, for so much of the said property as may be found to belong to them.
In the year 1817, the members of the above association emigrated from Germariv to the United States. They came from the Kingdom of Wertemberg, where they had been known for years as a religious society called Separatists. They were much persecuted on account of their religion. Goesele, the ancestor of the complainants, with another member, had been
imprisoned for nine years; and the safety of Bimeler depended on his frequent changes of residence, and living in the utmost privacy. In that country they sought to establish themselves by purchasing land, but they found that the laws would not allow them this privilege. Disheartened by persecution and injustice, they came to this country in pursuit of civil and religious liberty. When they arrived at Philadelphia, they were in a destitute condition. They were supported while in that city, and enabled to travel to the place where they now live, by the charities of the Friend Quakers of Philadelphia and of the city of London. These contributions amounted to eighteen dollars to each persochni.ldrAen.large majority of the society consisted of women and
While at Philadelphia, Bifmeler, the head and principal man
of the association, purchased, in his own name, from Godfrey Haga,.the five thousand five hundred acres of land, as stated in the bill. A credit of thirteen years was given, three years without interest. A deed to Bimeler and his heirs was executea for the land, the 7th of M1lay, 1818; a mortgage to secure the con-
sideration of $15,000 was executed. On their arrival at the
place of their destination, they found it an unbroken forest; their
means were exhausted, and they h~d no other dependence than the labor of their hands. They were Lo strangers to a rigid economy, and they were industrious fion, principle.
At the time of their settlement at Zoar, they did not contemplate a community of property. On the 15tli of April, 1819, articles of association were drawn up and signed by the mer-

SUPREmE COURT.
Goeiele et al. v. Bimeler et al.
hers of the society, consisting of fifty-three males And one hundred and four females. In the preamble they say, "that the members of the society have, in a 'spirit of Christian love, agreed to unite in a communion of property, according to the rules and regulations specified." The m?mbers renounce all individual ownership of property, present or future, real or personal, and transfer the same to three directors, elected by themselves annually; that they shall conduct the business of the society, take possession of all its property, and account to the society for all their transactions. Members who leave the society are to receive no compensation for their labor or property contributed, unless an allowance be made them by a majority of the society.
These articles continued in force until the 18th of Mlareh, 1824, when amendatory articles were drawn up and signed by the members at that time, consisting of sixty males and one hundred females. In these articles an entire union of property is declared, and a renunciation of individual ownership. Males of the age of twenty-one, and females. of the age of eighteen, become members by signing the articles. New members are received in this -way. The directors elected by the society conduct the affairs of the association, and provide for the boarding, lodging, and clothing of the members. The directors are to apply themselves for the common benefit of the society, provide for the children, determine disputes among the members, with a right of appeal to 'the board of arbitration. Other provisions were made for the expulsion of members, and the general good order and welfare of the society.
In the year 1832, the society was ine6rporated by a law of the State, which gave to them the ordinary powers of a corporation. On the 14th of May, 1833, a constitution was adopted under the act, which was signed by fifty-one males and one hundred and three females. The constitution embodies substantially the regulations contained in the preceding articles, and some others conformably -with the corporate powers conferred.
This is the outline of the assbeiation formed at Zoar. It appears a different plan was at first adopted. Each family was to select from the general tract as many acres as it could pay for, and improve it, living on its own industry, and from the same -source paying for the land. But this plan was found impracticable, and in less than two years it "was abandoned, and the first articles of association were adopted.
The ancestor of the complainant, as stated, died in 1827, a member of the society. His name was signed to the articles of 1819 and 1824. There was no evidence iii the case conducing toxprove any contract, except that which arises from the articles

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

605

Goesele et al v. Bimeler et al.

referred to. On the first payment made for the land, it appeared that Goesele paid a small sum that remained unexpended of the eighteen. dollars he received at Philadelphia.
The answer denies the allegations of the bill charging fraud, and every allegation to charge the defendants, except the purchase of the land and the articles referred to.
It appears, by great industry, economy, good management, and energy, the settlement at Zoar has prospered more than
any part of the surrounding country. It surpasses, probably, all other neighborhoods in the State in the neatness and *productiveness of its agriculture, in the mechanic arts, and in manufacturing by machinery. The value of the property is now estimated by complainant's counsel to be more than a million of dollars. This is a most extraordinary advance by the labor of that community, about two thirds of which consists of fe-
males. In view of the facts stated, it is not perceived how the case
made in the bill can be sustained. A partition is prayed for; but there is no evidence on which such a right can be founded. The plan, as stated, first agreed upon at Zoar, for individual proprietorship and labor, was abandoned in less than two years. It was a parol contract, no consideration being plaid. No right was acquired by the ancestor of the complainant on this ground. He then signed the first articles, which, like the amended articles, renounced individual ownership of property, and an agree-
ment was made to labor for the community, in common with others, for their comfortable maintenance. All individual right of property became merged in the general right of the association. He had no individual right,'and could transmit none to his heirs. It is strange that the complainants should ask a par-
tition through their ancestor, when, by the terms of his contract,
he could have no divisible interest. They who now enjoy the property, enjoy it under his express contract.
But if there were a right of partition by the complainants, there is no such statement in the bill as would authorize the court to decree it. For the time that Goesele lived, what was the value of his labor in comparison with the labor of the others ? Twenty-five years have elapsed since his death. The property has increased in value seven hundred per cent.; and of this property partition is prayed. But there is not a shadow of evidence to sustain the right. The proofs and the statements in the bill are as remote and inconsistent as can well be conceived.
The fraud charged on Bimeler, in the purchase of the iand, if true, could not help the case made in the bill. But the charge
has no foundation. Bineler purchased the land in his own
51*

SUPREME COURT.
Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.
name, and became responsible for the payraent of the consideration. And he retained the title until the ?urchase-money was paid, and an act of incorporation was obtained, when he signed the articles, and placed the property under the control of the' society, he having no greater interest in it than any other individual. But, before this, he openly declared that he h ld the land in trust for the society. As an honest man, he could not change, if in his power, the relation he bore to the vendor, until the consideration was paid. In this mater, the conduct of Bimeler is not only not fraudulent, but it was above reproach. It was wise and most judicious to secure the best interests of the association.
The articles of 1819 and 1824 are objected to as not constituting a contract which a court of equity would enforce. And it is said that chancery will not enforce a forfeiture. As a general rule, chancery may not enforce a forfe.turc; but will it relieve an individual from his contract, entered into fairly, and for a valuable consideration? What is there in either of these articles that is contrary to good morals, or that is opposed to the policy of the laws ? An association of individuals is formed under a religious influence, who are in a destitute condition, having little to rely on for their support but their industy; and they agree to labor in common for the good of the society, and a comfortable maintenance for each'individual; and whatever shall be acquired beyond this shall go to the common stock. This contract provides fo? every member of the community, in sickness and in health, and under whatsoever misfortune may occur. And this is equal, to the independence and comforts ordinarily enjoyed.
The ancestor of the complainants entered into the contract fairly and with a full understanding of its conditions. The consideration of his comfortable maintenance, under all circumstances, was deemed by him an adequate compensation for his labor and property contributed to the common stock. But it is not shown that Goesele or any other member contributed to the general fund, with the exception of a small sum by Goesele, which, probably, could not have exceeded flve" dollars. The members of the association were poor, and were unable to contribute any thing but labor. In this way the land purchased by Bimeler was paid for.
The complainants speak of the interest of their ancestoi in the real and personal estate, owned by the association, and their counsel contend that the articles did not divest him of either, but both descended to his heirs at law at his death.
This argument does not seem to comprehend the principles of the association. Land and other property were to be ac-

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

607

Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.

quired by the members, but they were not to be vested with the fee of the land. While they remained in the society, under its general regulations, the products of their labor on the land and
otherwise were applied, so far as necessary, to thet support. Beyond this, they were to have no interest in the land or in the personal property. Many of the members were aged females, others, from sickness or disease, were unable to labor, btqt every one, whether able to labor or not, was provided for by the labor of the community. . This was a benevolent scheme, and fronm
its character might be properly denominated a charity. But from the nature of the association and the object to be attained, it is clear the individual members could have no rights to the property, except its use, under the restrictions imposed by the articles. The whole policy of the association was founded on a principle which excluded individual ownership. Such an
ownership would defeat the greet object in view, by necessarily giving to the association a temporary character. If the interests
of its members could be transferred, or pass by' descent, the maintenance of the community would be impossible. In the natural course of things the ownership of the property in a few years, by transfer and descent, would pass out of the community into the hands of strangers, and thereby defeat the object
in view. By disclaiming all indidual ownership of the property
acquired by their labor, for the benefits secured by the articles, the members give durability to the fund accumulated, and to the benevolent purposes to which it is applied. No legal objection is perceived to such a partnership. If members separate themselves from the society their interest in the property. ceases, and new members that may be admitted, under the. articles, enjoy the advantages common to all.
The counsel for the complainants imagine the original members possessed property, real and personal, before they entered into the association, which is contrary to the facts of the case, and then contend that, having executed no conveyance of the
property, on the death of the member it descended to h*s heirs
at law. It is always desirable that legal principles 'should be applied to
the facts of the case. When the members first formed the association they were destitute of property. The purchase 6f the land by Bimeler had been made, but not paid for; and the members had no means of payment but by the labor of their hands. This they agreed to give, in consideration of being supported in sickness and in health, disclaiming, at the same time,
any individual claim of ownership to any propertywhich should be acquired by the community. This statement of facts ob-

608

SUPREME COURT.

Goesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.

viates many of the objections urged by complainants' counsel. If the members of the association had no interest in the land
when they signed the articles, now conveyance of it by them was necessary. They stipulated -a compensation for their future labor in the support to be given them, and disclaimed the ownership of all property acquired.
It is said, where a member is excommunicated or leaves the society ie forfeits his rights, and that chancery will not enforce a forfeiture. What is the extent of this forfeiture ? It is the right to a support from the society. And this is certainly reasonable. Can a member expect to be supported by the society, when he refuses to perform his part of the contract which en-
titles him to a support? He claims pay for his labor. He has been paid for this, in pursuance of his own contract. In sickness and in health he has been clothed and led, and a home providbd for him. But he claims payment for property which
he surrendered to the association at the time he became a member of it, by signing the articles. The ownership of this property he relinquished to his associates as a part of the contract; and for the considerations named, all the demands for such property in the language of the articles signed, "the individual abolished and abrogated for himself and his heirs."
Can property thus conveyed be deemed forfeited, if not
recoverable? A forfeiture is against the will of the owner. Where property is conveyed under a fa-'r contract and for a valuable consideration, is not the term fcrfeited misapplied, if
such conveyance le held valid? Chancery is not asked to enforce a forfeiture in this case. No property is shown to have been transferred to the association by the ancestor of the complainants. But if property had been given by the ancestor, would a court of chancery direct such property to be surrendered or paid for against the express contract of the owner? The surrender or giving up of the property was a part of the consideration on which the association stipulated to support him. It cannot be separated from that agreement. And it is clear, where the fault of not carrying oul; the contract is not attributable to the association, but to the member, he cannot
have the aid of a court of chancery. Do the articles constitute a perpetuity ? We all think that
they do not. They provide for the continuance of the association an indefinite period of time, in the exercise of the discre-
tion of its members. But there is no obligation to this extent. The majority of the members may require a sale of the property
and break up the association. In fact the majority governs, by the election of officers. Members may be expelled from the
society and new ones admitted, under established rules. Whilst

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

Gbesele et al. v. Bimeler et al.

the society has the means of perpetuating its existence, it may

be said to depend for its continuance, on the will of a majority

of its members.

As the law now stands in England, a conveyance by execu-

tory devises, to be good, cannot extend beyond a life or lives in

being, and twenty-one years and the fraction of another year,

to reach the case of a posthumous child. Atkinson v. Hutchin-

.sonT,h3erPe.

Wms. 258; Long v. are many depositions

Blackall,

7

Term,

R. 100.

in the case, taken in behalf of

the complainants, by persons who have been expelled from the

society, or, having left it, show a strong hostility to Bimeler.

They represent his conduct as tyrannical and oppressive to the

members of the association, and as controlling its actions abso-

lutely. And several instances are given to impeach his moral

character and his integrity. Two of the witnesses say that he

drives a splendid carriage and horses.

In regard to the carriage, it is proved to be a very ordinary

one, worth about three hundred dollars, one of his horses worth

about twenty dollars and the other thirty or forty. By respect-

able persons out of the society, Bimeler's character is sustained

for integrity and morality, and several instances are given

where, even in small matters, he deferred to the decision of the

trustees against his own inclination. And many facts are

proved wholly inconsistent with the charge of oppression.

That Bimeler is a man of great energy and of high capacity

for business, cannot be doubted. The present prosperity of

Zoar is evidence of this. There are few men to be found any

where, who, under similar circumstances, would have been

eq.ally successful. The people of his charge are proved to be

moral and religious. It is said that, although the society has

lived at Zoar for more than thirty years, no criminal prosecution

has been instituted against any one of its members. The most

respectable men who live near the village say, that the industry

and enterprise of the-people of Zoar have advanced property in

the vicinity ten per cent.

Bimeler has a difficult part to act. As the head and leader

of the society, Iis conduct is narrowly watched, and often

misconstrued. Nt rrow minds, in such an association, will be

influenced by petty jealousies and unjust surmises. To insure

success these must be overcome or disregarded. The most

exemplary conduct and conscientious discharge of duty may

not protect an individual from censure. On a full view of the

evidence we are convinced that, by a part of the witnesses,

great injustice is done to the character of Bimelei. On a

deliberate consideration of all the facts in the case, we think

there is no ground to authorize the relief prayed for by the

610

SUPREME COURT.

Deacon v. Oliver et al.

complainants. The decree of the Circuit Court is therefore affirmed.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof it is now here okdered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed .with costs.

JOHN DEACON, APPELLANT, V. UMARLES OLIVER AND RODERT
M. GIBBES, EXECUTORS OF ROBErhT OLIVER, DECEASED.
Under the attachment laws of Maryland, a share in the Baltimore Mexican Company, which had fitted out an expedition under General Mina, was not, in 1827, the subject of an attachment under a judgment, whether such share was held by the garnishee under a power of attorney to collect the proceeds, or under ad equitable assignment to secure a debt.
The answers of the garnishee to interrogatories filed, were literally correct. He had not in his hands any "funds, evidences of debt, stocks, certificates of stock," belonging to the debtor, nor "any acknowledgment by the Mlexican government," on which an attachment could be laid.
Tnis wat an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the -District of Maryland, sitting as a court of equity.
The bill was filed by John Deacon, the -.urviving partner of Baring, Brother & Company, of London, under the following circumstances:
In 1821, Baring, Brother & Company obtained a judgment, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Maryland, against one Lyde Goodwin for $60,000, upon a bill of exchange, to be released on payment of $41,005.58, with interest and costs. Goodwin was 8rt this time the owner of one ninth share in the M'exican Ccrdpany,' the history of which is given in the. report of the case of Gill v. Oliver's Executors, 11 How. 529. This judgment was kept alive until the issuing of the attachment hereafter spoken of, in 1826.
On the 19th of July, 1823, the government of Mexico passed a decree, declaring that General Mina, amongst other persons, -was a benefactor of his country; and on the 28th of June, 1824, another decree, acknowledging the debts contracted by the Generals declared to have been benefactors.
On the 11th of January, 1825, Lyde Goodwin addressed a

$28

SUPIlEME COURT.

Perkins v. Fourniquet et ux.

Order.
This.cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the-Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the.said Circuit Court in this cauise, be, and the same is. hereby, reversed, with costs, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby,-remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to dismiss the complainant's bill.

.JOHN PERKINS, APPELLANT, V. EDWARD ]?. FounRNIQUET, AND
HARRIET, HIS WIFE.
The sLxty-second rule of this &ourt, (13 Howard,) is as follows: "In cases where a " writ of error is prosecuted to the Supreme Court, and the judgment of the inferior
court is affirmed, the interest shall be calculated and levied from the date of the judgment below, until the same is paid, at the same rate that similar judgments bear interest, in the courts of the State where such judgment is rendered. The Same rule shall be applied to decrees for the payment of money, in eases in' Chancery, unless otherwise ordered by this court. This rule to take effect on the first day of December term, 1852. 'Before this rule, interest was to be calculated at six per cent., from the date of the judgment in the Circuit Court to the day of affirmance here; and the confirmation of the report of the clerk, in the case of£ Mitchell v. Harmony, (13 Howard, 149,J - was under the rules then existing. So, also, where a case from Mississippi was affirmed at December term, 1851, the mandate from this court should have been construed to allow interest at six per -eent. from the date of the decree in the court below, to the date of the affirmance in this court. Therefore, it was erroneous either to allow six*per cent. until paid, or to allow the current rate of interest in Mississippi, in addition to the six per cent. allowed by this court. The several rules upon this subject examined'and explained.
THIS was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi.
It is stated, in the report of the preceding case, that, at December term, 1851, a case of Fourniquet and wife, against Per'kins, came up from Mississippi, and the decree of the Circuit Court was here affirmed by a divided court. It was, therefore, not reported.
The proceedings under the mandate, and the questiuva which arose thereon, are set forth in the following opinion of the
court:
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY deliveredthe opinion of the court. It appears, in this case; that on the 22d of May, 1849, the Circuit Court for the Southern District of Mississippi, passed a decree in favor of the appellees, against the appellant, directing

DECEMBE9R TERM, 1852

329

Perkins v. Fourniquet et ux.

him to pay the sum of $16,496.61, within thirty days thereafter, with legal interest from the date of the said decree, or, in default
thereof, the appellees to have execution against the appellant. This decree was affirmed at the last term of this court, with
costs and damages, at the rate of six per cent. per annum; and a mandate issued to the Circuit Court reciting the judgment of this court, and directing it to be carried into execution.
After this mandate was filed in the Circuit Court, the appellees obtained an execution against the appellant, by which the
marshal -was commanded to levy thq amount of the original judgment in the Circuit Court, with the Mississippi interest of eight per cent., and damages at 'the rate of six per cent. in addi-
tion, rnaking together, fourteen per cent., from the dhte of, the
original judgment, until paid. Th6 appellant insisted that, under the mandate, he was bound
to. pay nothing more than damages at the rate of six- per cent. on the original decree, from the time it was rendered. And, acting upon this construction of the judgment of this court, and
supposing himself chargeable with the six per cent. damages, until the decree was satisfied, he payed the marshal, on the 12th
of May, 1852, the amount he. supposed to be due, calculating the interest up to that time, and, by some error in the reckoning, he paid a small sum over. -And, as the appeJlees still insisted upon levying the whole amount for which they had obtained piocess of execution, he moved the Circuit Court to refer it to a Commissioner, 'to report the amount due under the judgment of this court., arid how much, if any, he had overpaid in his settlement with the marshal. It was adariitted that the costs were all paid. The only controvers'y was about the interest
and damages, as. above stated. The commissioner reported that, according- to the basis of'
settlement claimed by the appellant, he had overpaid the amount due on the decree, $61.50; but that, according to the construction of the mandate insisted on by the appellees, there was still
due to them a balance of $3,831.02. Upon this report, the appellant moved the court to order satis-
faction of the decree to be entered of record; or, to quash the execution then in the hands of the marshal, and order the clerk of the court to issue no furthe ft. fa. on the decree; and, also, for an order on the marshal, or the appellees, as might be proper
to refund the money overpaid. But the court overruled the motion, ordering, at the same
time, that no further execution should issue, until the appellant
had a reasonable time to present an appeal to this court. -And this appeal was accordingly taken.
An objection has.been made to the manner in which this case
28 *

SUPREME COURT.
Perkins v. Fourniquet et ux.
has been brought before the court, and a motion made to dis. miss, upon the ground that an appeal will not lie from this decision of the Circuit Court.
This objection to the form of proceeding, involves nothing more than a question of practice. The mandate from this court left nothing to the judgment and discretion of the Circuit Court, but directed it to carry into execution the decree of this court, which was recited in the mandate. And if the decree of this court has been misunderstood, or misconstrued, by the court below, to the injury of either party, we see no valid objection to an appeal to this court, in order to have the error corrected. The question is merely' as to the form of proceeding which this court should adopt, to enforce the execution of its. own mandate in the court below. The subject might, without doubt, be brought before us upon motion, and a mandamus issued to compel its execution. But an appeal from the decision of the e urt below, is equally convenient and suitable; and, perhaps, more so, in some cases, as it gives the adverse party notice that the question will be brought before this court, and affords him the opportunity of being prepared to meet it a , an early day of the term. The appeal certainly would not stay proceedings. And it would be the duty of the Circuit Court, notwithstanding the appeal, to proceed to execute the judgment of this court, unless, as in this case, he entertained doubts of its construction and meanin6, and deemed it, therefore, just and equitable to suspend its execution, until the decision of this court could be had in the premises.
In the case before us, however, there was substantially an equity proceedihg and fiuiil decree, after the mandate was filed. It is true, they were summary, and necessarily so, as the matters in dispute under the execution were brought before the court by motion. But the claims of the respective parties were referred to a Commissioner to examine and report; he made his report, and the court decided upon it. This decision, although briefly stated,.was, in substance, a final decree upon the matters i i controversy. It might, therefore, under the act of Congress, be regarded as such, and revised accordingly, by an appeal to this court. Plenary and formal proceedings are not necessary, and never Tequired, when the dispute is confined to matters arising under process of execution. They are more conveniently and as fully brought before the court, by a summary proceeding on motion.
The questions in controversy in the Circuit Court, and its decision upon them, are, therefore regularly before us.
The difficulty in that court, seems to have arisen from supposing that the act of 1842 applied to judgments and decrees in

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

331

Perkins-v. Fourniquet et ux.

this court. And this, we presume, occasioned the error it committed, in the construction and execution of the decree and mandate in question.
The act of 1842 does not erhbrace cases in equity; .nor does it extend to either judgments or decrees, in this court. It ir .confined, in plain terms, to judgments at law, in the circuit and -district courts. It places the judgments of these courts, in respect to interest, upon the same footing with the judgments of the State courts. And where, by the law of the State, the judgment of a court carries a certain interest until paid, the former rule and the same rate of interest is to be allowed in the circuit and district courts of tle United States. And the marshall is directed to levy it on process of execution, wherever it can be so levied on a judgment in the State Court. Ipa such cases the judgment bears interest by force of the law, -although, upon the face of it, it may not purport to 4arry interest. Upon common-law principles a judgment does not carry interest. It is true, that damages may be recovered for the detention of the debt, in an action on the judgment. But previous to the act of 1842, neither interest nor damages, for the detention of the debt, could have been levied under process of execution, upon the judgment of a circuit or district court of the United States.
But the act of 1842, does not speak of interest or damages upon the judgments of this court, nor does it repeal the 23d section of the act of 1789.. This section provides, that when a judgment or decree is affirmed here, this court is directed to adjudge or decree to the respondent in error, just damages for his delay, and single or double costs, at their discretion. Under this law there is no distinction made between cases in equity, and at law. In either of them, the damages to be allowed, in addition to the amoiint found to be due by the judgment or decree of the court below, is confided to the judicial discretion of this court. And the 17th, 18th, and 20th rules were adopted in pursuance of this power.
These rules have been in force, and .acted on by the court, since 1807, when the 20th rule was adopted, until the new rule upon'this subject was made at the close of the last term. And the change then made was not occasioned by any supposed epugnancy between them and the act of 1842. But because
the court deemed it just to place the judgments in this court upon the same footing with the judgments in the circuit and district courts; and that suitors in the courts of the United States, should stand on the same ground with suitors in the State courts in its appellate, as well as in its inferior tribunals. In adopting the new rule this court exercised :the same power which it had exercised in adopting the former rules, that is, the

382

SUPREME COURT.

Perkins v. YFurniquet et ux.

discretionary power conferred by the act of 1789, as hereinbefore mentioned.
The 17th rule provides, that when a case appears to be brought merely fox delay, damages shall be awarded at the rate of ten
per cent. on the amount of the judgment; and by the 18th rule, the damages are to be at the rate of six per cent. when it appears that tVere is a real controversy.
These ;wo rules were passed in 1803. And as some difficulty
arose as to the time for which these damages were to be computed, the 23d rule was afterwards (1807) adopted, and pro-
vides, that the damages allowed by the t-vo former rules shall be calculated to the day of the affirmance of the judgment in
this court. The question as to the operation of tfe act of 1842, upon
the 18th and 20th rules, was brought to the' consideration of the court at the last term, in the case of Mite ell v. Harmony. The
judgment brought up by the writ of error, was rendered in the Circuit Court of New York, and was affirmed in this court. The sum recovered was large, and the interest, even for a short time, was therefore important. And the counsel for Harmony,
the defendant in error, moved the court to allow him the New York interest of seven per cent. upon the amount of the judgment, and that the interest should run until the judgment was paid. But as the rules above mentioned were still in force, the court held, that he was entitled only to six per cent., to be calculated. from the date of the judgment in the Circuit Court, to the day of affirmance here.
The case now before us, was decided in the early part of the
last term, before the case of Mitchell v. Harmony, and consequently falls within- the operation of the same rules, and damages upon the affirmance of the decree raust be calculated ii like manner.
Indeed, in the New York case, the claim for interest stood on stronger ground than in the present one, for that was an action
at law. The act of 1842, therefore, applied to the judgment in the Circuit -Court, and it would have cafried the State interest until paid, if it had not been brought here by writ of error. But this is a decree in equity, and not embracedIn the act of 1842, and according to the settled chancery practice, no interest or damages could have been levied under process of execution, upon the amount ascertained to be due, and decreed to be paid, if there had been no appeal ; 2 Ves. 157, 168, n. 1, Sumn, Ed.; 2
Dan. Chan. Plead. and Prac. 1442, 1437, 1438. Nor could any damages or interest have been given on its affirmance here, but for the discretionary power vested in this court by the act, of
1789 That discretion, as we have already said, extends to de.

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

333

Perkins v. Fourniquet et ux.

crees in equity, as well as judgments at law. And the rules have always been applied to both, unless otherwise specially ordered.
It follows, from what we have said, that the appellees, upon the affirrmance of the deciee, were entitled to damages at the rate of six per cent., to be calculated from the date of the decree to the date of the affirmance; and to no 'further interest or damages. The decree was passed by the Circuit Court, on the
22d day of May, 1849, for $16,496.61, and was affirmed in this court on the 24th of December, 1851. The interest from the date of the decree to the time of affirmance in this court, is $2,562.37, maling together the aggregate sum of $19,053.98. This amount, together with the costs, is all that the appellees were entitled to recover under the judgment and mandate of this court. It appears, however, that the marshal has receivedr under the process of execution, $19,500, in addition to the costs, and paid it over to the solicitor of the appellees.
They have, therefore, received $441.02 more than they were entitled, and that sum must be refunded to the appellant.
It is proper to say, that the mandate in question.was in the
usual form, and the same with the mandate in Mitchel v. Harmony, and indeed the same that has been used since the adoption of the rules above mentioned. And it never has been supposed by this court to sanction the collection of State interest on the judgment; and still less the unprecedented interest and damages claimed in this case, amounting together to fourteen
per cent.
The decree of the Circuit Court, overruling the motion of the appellant, mpst therefore be reversed, and a mandate issued, directing the court below to enter the decree satisfied, and also to order and direct the appellees to repay to the appellant the sum of $441.02, with the State interest thereon of eight per cent. from the time it was received by their solicitor from the
marshal.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from- the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of 'Mississippi, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the decree of the Circuit Court overruling the motion of the appellant, be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Court, with instructions to that court to enter the
decree rendered by that court on the 22d day of May, A. . 1849, for $16,496.61, with legal interest from said date, satisfied,

834

SUPREkM COURT.

Harris v. Hardeman et aL

and to order and direct the appellees to iepay to the appellant the sum of $441.02, with the State interes thereon, of eight per cent. from the time it was received by theii solicitor from the
marshal.

BENJAMIN D. HARRIS, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. WILLIAM HARDEMAN, HENRY R. W. HILL, -COTESWORTH P. SMITH, AND HENRY A. MooRE.
A statute of Mississippi directs that where the defendant cannot be found, a writ of capias ad respondendum shall be served, by leaving a copy thereof with the wife of the defendant, or some free white person above the ng3 of sixteen years, then and there being one of the family of the defendant, and found at his usual place of abode, or leaving a copy thereof at some public place, at the dwelling-house or other known place of residence of such defendant, he being from home, and no snch.free white person being found there willing to receive the same.
The Circuit Court of the United States adopted a rule that the capias should be served personally; or, if the defendant be not found, by leaving a copy thereof at his or her residene, or usual place of abode, at least twenty days before the return day thereof.
The marshal made the following return to a writ of capias: "Executed on the defendant Hardeman, by leaving -a true copy at his resideice."
This service was neither in conformity with the statute nor the rule. Therefore, when the court gave judgment, by default against Hardeman, and an ex-
eli~tlon was issued, upon which a forthcoming bond was given, and another execution issued, and at a subsequent day the court quashed the proceedings, an4 set aside the judgment by default, this order was correct. When the judgment by default was given, the court was not in a condition to exercise jurisdiction over the defendant, becausenthere was no regular service of process, actual or constructive. The cases upon this point, examined. Moreover, when the proceedings were quashed, they were still in Jfer, and not termi.nated; and any irregularity could be corrected, on mot-on.
THIS case was brought up, by writ of en-or, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
It was argued by Mr. Aelson for the plaintiff in error, and Mr. Freemanfor the defendant.
Mr. Nelson contended that the judgmen; of the court below was erroneous, and referred to the following authorities.
To show that the bond was regularly taken under the lississippi statute. Hutch. Code, 910, Art. 6, see. 2; Howard & flutch. 653, see. 78.
The ground of the motion made by the defendants in error, in the court below, was, that th" originaljudgment was void for

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

193

Troy Iron and Nail Factory v. Corning et al.

THE UNITED STATES, APPELLANTS, V. JOHN GUSMrAN.
THIs, like the preceding case of Thi United States v. The Heirs of Rillieux, was an appeal f.om the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana. In fact, it was a rsart of it, because Gusman claimed under th title of Rillieux.
Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the court. Gusnan claims under the heirs of Rillieux, and relies on the same evidences of title that they do; and his vendors having had no title when they assumed to convey the land, it is ordered, that the decree in this case be also reversed, and the petition dismissed
Order.
This cause camr on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said District Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed and annulled, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said District Court, with directions to dismiss the petition of the claimant.

THE TROY IRON AND NAIL FACTORY, APPELLANT, v. ERASTUS CORIN ING, JOHN F. WINSLOW, AND JAMES HORNER.
In 1834, Burden obtained a patent fora new and useful improvement in the machinery for manufacturing wrought nails and spikes, which he assigned to the Troy Iron and Nail Factory, and also covenanted that he would convey to that company any improvement which he might thereafter make.
In 1840, he made such an improvement, for making hook and brad-headed spikes with a bending lever, which he assigned to the Troy Iron and Nail Factory.in 1848.
Before this last assignment, however, viz., in 1845, B urden made an agreement with Cbootrhnipnagr.ticHe tomriegrh, tanthderWeaifntselrowm,ainnufwahctiuchre, aamndonvgesntdotshpeirketshinogfss.uicthwaksinadgreaendd, cthhaa-t
wraintgertoasthtehepyecsiualwiarfita, ttniotutwdeithosftatnhdeinpgarttiheesirtocoenafclhictointhgerclaaitmths.e time of making this
agreenment, and the lancfuage used in it, it cannot be construed into a permission to Cinor1n5in4g0z;, Iaondrntehre, raingdhtWtoinsulsoewi,t,tohauvsiengthpeaismsepdrovtoedthme TacrhoiyneIrry'onpsatenndteNd aibly:FBaucrtodreyn, a perpetual injunctio)n uren Corning, Heiter, and Winslo~v will be decreed.

THIs was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United

States for the Northern District of Ne'v York.

VOL. XIV.

17

DECEMBER TERAM, 185S.

29

Hagan v. Walker et al.

JOHN HAGAN, SURVIVING PARTNER OF THE LATE FIRM OF JOHN
HAGAN & Co., APPELLANT, V. LEROY P. WALKER, ADmINISTRATOR OF WILLIAM I-LPOPE, DECEASED, AND FRANCES
ANN POPE, WIDOW AND GUARDIAN AD LITEINI OF WILLIAM POPE AND JULIA ANN POPE, MINOR CHILDREN OF SAID WIL-
LIAM H. POPE, DECEASED, AND SAMUEL BR CK, ADmINISTRA-
TOR OF LEROY POPE, DECEASED.
A court of equity has jurisdiction of a bill igainst the administrator of a deceased debtor and a person to whdm xcal and personal property was conveyed by the de ceac~vd debtor, for the purpose of defrauding creditors.
In such a c.ce, the court does not exercise an auxiliary jurisdiction to aid legal procels, and consequently it is not necessary that the creditor should be in a condition to levy an execution, if the fraudulent obstacle should be removed.
It is proper to make a prior encumbrancer, who holds the legal title, i party to the bill, in order that the whole title may be sold under the decree; for the purpose of such a decree, the prior encumbraneer is a necessary party; but the court may order a sale subject to the encumbrance, without having the prior eneumbrancer before it, and in fit cases it will do so.
If the prior encumbrancer is out of the jurisdiction, or cannot be joined without defeating it, it is a fit cause to dispense with his presence, and order a sale subject to his encumbrance, which will not be affected by the decree.
THIS was an ,appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Alabama.
The bill was originally filed-in the names of John Hagan, of New Orleans, and a citizen of the State of Louisiana, and Thomas Barrett, of New Orleans, and a citizen of the State of Louisiana, -formerly commission merchants and. partnbrs, trading under the firm, name, and style of John Hagan & Co., complainants, against William H. Pope,-of Huntsville, and a citizen of the State of Alabama, Samuel Breck, of Huntsville, and a citizen of the State of Alabama, the said I reck being the administrator of the esttte of Leroy Pope, who in- hisi lifetime resided in Huntsville, and was a: citizen of the State ofAlabama, and Charles B. Penrose, of Washington city, and a citizen of the Distri-t of Columbia, and successor in office of Virgil Maxcy, who in his lifetime resided in Washington city, and was a citizen of the District of Columbia, and Solicitor of the Treasury of the'United States.
The suit * as commenced in February, 1846. The plaintiffs were judgment creditors of Leroy Pope, by a judgment rendeked in April, 1834, upon which an execution in Octpber,'1834,. was returped, "No property found."
The plaintiffs sought to 'obtain satisfaction of this judgment, from property which they allege the said Leroy Pope conveyed fraudulently to his son William H. Pope, the defenidant.
This property was conveyed, March, 1834, by Leroy Pope to

SUPREME COURT
Hagan v. Walker et al.
William H. Pope, and iipon considerations which the plaintiffs alleged to be colorable and inadequate.
The property thus conveyed, was charged to have been the -whole estate of the said Leroy, and William H. Pope was charged to have been, before that time, without. property, and to have had no means of payment for this.
The plaintiffs alleged that the property was never delivered to the "exclusive possession" of Williamn H. Pope, but "remained as much in the possession of the said Leroy as the said William, and that the said Leroy and William enjoyed the proceeds and profits jointly."
They alleged that William H. Pope, in iarch, 1834, conveyed the land and slaves to the Solicitor of the Treasury in mortgage, to secure a debt due to the United States by the said Leroy Pope, of $29,290.90, which William H. Pope at that date assumed, and for which he gave his notes; and that at the same date he guaranteed to the United States a debt of $20,000, for which other security had been given to the United States by Leroy Pope.
They averred that the $20,000 thus mentioned, was paid from the securities deposited by Leroy Pope, and that the only debt really incurred by William H. Pope, was that for $29,290.90. This debt the plaintiffs admitted to be a charge on the property, and they did not contest it. They charged, however, that the 'securities to the Solicitor of the Treasury were designed by the grantor (William H. Pope) as a fraud upon the creditors of Leroy Pope.
The death of Leroy Pope was alleged to have occurred in 1844, and the appointment of Breck, as administrator, in 1844.
The prayer of the bill.was, that the conveyances of Leroy and William H. Pope should be declared null. That, after satisfying the debt of the United States, the remainder of the property should be appropriated to satisfy the debt of the plaintiffs. Process was prayed against William H. Pope and Samuel Breck, administrators of Leroy Pope, and the Solicitor of the Treasury, (Penrose,) a citizen of the District of Columbia.
The defendants, Breck and Pope, demurred to the bill; -the demurrer was allowed by the District Court, and the bill was dismissed.
An appeal from this decree of dismissal brought the case up to this court. It was argued by Mr. bohnson for the appellant, and 1r. J: A. Campbell for the appellees.
As the demurrer was sustained in the court below, the points before this court to be argued were, the reasons for dismissing the bill and sustaining the demurrer. These were stated by M. Campbell, as follows, and it is sufficient to state the points and authorities.

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

31

Hagan v. Walker et al.

I. That the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery to set aside conveyances executed by a failing debtor to defraud creditors, is not an original and independent jurisdiction of that court, but is an auxiliary and limited jurisdiction. The creditor must show that the remedies at law have been exhausted -that there is an obstruction which can only be removed by the aid of the
Court of Chancery, dnd that his cause is so situated at law, that, upon the interposition of the court in the manner sought, he could immediately enforce the right he claims.' 3 Mlylne & Craig, 407; 11 S. & M. 366; 8 Barb. N. Y. R. 593; 7 Ala. 319, 928; 1 Hill's So. Car. R. 297, 307; 20 Johns. 554 ;'2 Rand.
384; 1 Paige, 388. II. The hill shows in this case three facts sufficient to have
determined the lien of the judgment against Leroy Pope, under the laws of the United States, and the State of Alabama.
Five years had elapsed from the 3d of Mlarch, 1839, before the filing of the bill. The act of Congress of that date determined
the lien. '5 Stat. at Large, 338. Ten years had elapsed from the judgment and return of the
last execution. 'Clay's Digest, 206,207, §28,29; 5 Ala. R. 188;
18 Ala. 675; 19 Ala. 207. The death of Leroy Pope put an end to the lien of the judg.
rment and the right to issue execution. Bush v. Jones, 13 Ala.
R. 167. III. The plaintiff sets forth the conveyance of Leroy Pope
to William H. Pope, to have taken place in 1834. He does not aver that the conveyance was upon any trust for. Leroy Pope, nor does he aver that any title remained in Leroy Pope. The bar of the statute of limitations of six years will apply to the personal property. 7 Yerger, 222; 1 Bailey, Ch. R. 228; -1 Humnph. 335; 1 Hill, Ch. R. 113; 8 Yerger, 145; 7 Wheat. 60, 117, &c.; Peck's Rep. 41.
IV. The Court of Chancery, except in cases of express trusts and fraud, follow the courts of law in the application of the
statute of limitation. In this case no trusts in favor of Leroy Pope. are charged to
exist; nor is there an averment that the plaintiff did not discover till within six years the fraudulent purpose and consideration upon which they were made.
In the absence of such averments, the court will presume the possession to have been consistent with the legal title, and the bar of the statute wNli run. from the date of the title deeds. 4 How. S. C. R. 503, 560; 7 How. 234; 10. Wheat. 168.
In reference to personal property, the limitation upon personal actions is adopted in equity. 1 Dev. & B. Eq. 95; 5 Ala. R.
90, 508; 3 Ala. R. 756.

82

S UPRYME COURT.

Ragan v. Walker et al.

V. No averment is made by the plaintiff showing the con-
dition of the estate of Leroy Pope, after his death. The bill contains an averment, that the crops from the lands and other profits of the estate have been large, and that Leroy Pope enjoyed them till his death.
There is nothing to how that ample means are not to be found in the hands of the administrator to pay the debt. No presentment to, nor demand of, the administrator is averred, and
no refusal to pay on his part shown. A bill must show this, or it is fatally defective. 3 Ham. 287; 5 Ear. & J. 381; 5 Gill
& J. 432; 2 MeCord's Oh. R. 416, 169.
V. The court had no jurisdiction of the cause. The Solicitor of the Treasury, a citizen of the Dis-rict of Columbia, is made a party. The prayer of the bill is to cancel deeds made to him, and io appropriate property in which he has a legal right. 3 Cranch, 267; 14 Pet. 60, 65.

IMWJurs.tice CURTIS delivered the opinion of the court. John Hagan & Co. filed their bill in the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Alabama, in which they state that, in the year 1834, they recovered a judgment at law in that court against Leroy Pope, for upwards of seven thousand dollars, which is wholly unsatisfied; that a writ of fieri facias, running against the lands, goods, and body of the debtor, was regularly issued, and, on the 10th day of October, 1834, was returned null bona; and from that time to the filing of the bill, there has not been, in that district or elsewhere, any property of Leroy Pope out of which the judgment-debt could be. collected, except certain property afcerwards mentioned. The bill further alleges that, about a month before the complainants recovered their judgment at law, Leroy Pope, intending to defraud the complainants, and to hinder them from obtaining payment, made conveyances, both of real and personal
estate, to a large amount, to his son, William H. Pope, who was a party to the fraud, and is made a defendant in the bill; that Leroy Pope died in the year 1844, an6. Samuel Breck, who was appointed his administrator, is also a party defendanit. The complainants are averred to be citizens of Louisiana, and William H. Pope and the administrator citizens of Alabama. TAe defendants having demurred to the bill, it was dismissed by the District Court, and the complainant, who is the surviving purtner, appealed to this court.
The principal ground upon which the demurrer has been rested.in this court is, that the bill does not show that the complainants are entitled to equitable relief. The argument is, that
the jurisdiclion of a court of equity, to aid a judgment-creditor,

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

33

Hagan v. Walker et al.

by remqving a fraudulent encumbrance on the property of his deltor, is ancillary merely; that this aid is not given unless the creditor has obtained a lien at law upon the specific property sought for, if that be legal property upon which an execution could be levied; or if it be equitable assets, not liable to a levy by execution; that the creditor must have exhausted'his legal remedy, by t return of aulhz bona. on his execution, and must also be in a condition to proceed at once at law to enforce his
right, if the obstacle should be removed. 'That if his judgment has become ineffectual to entitle him to an execution, so that he could not levy, even if the assets were legal, and not subject to any fraudulent encumbrance, equity will not exert itself to subject equitable property to the payment of his judgment. And it is further argued, that, aebording to the local law of Ala-,
bama, governing these proceedings at lawv, the judgment-creditors had lost their lien on the pers6nal estate of the debtor, because they had suffered more than one- term to elapse without
issuing an alias execution; and upon the real estate, because more than ten years elapsed after ihe return of their last execu-
tion, and before this bill was filed; and that the lien, both upon' the personal and rel estate, was destroyed by the death of
Leroy Pope, which suspended the. right to issue an execution. That,by reason of his death and the lapse, of more than ten years, the right to issue an execution being suspended, equity would not ubject equitable assets to the payment of this judgment.
It does riot distinctly appear whether the property sought to be reached by this bill is equitable or legal. There is reason to suppose, from some allegations in the bill, that a pa .or the whole of the property was conveyed by Leroy Pope, in 1831,
ta Louis McLane, as Secretary of the. Treasury, to secure a debt due to the Urrited States by a deed of trust, and this conveyance is not impeached. If it embraced the whole or any part of the property now in question, only an equitable estate therein was left in Leroy Pope. 'The bill is not distinct in its allegations on this subject; but we do not deem it necessary that it should be; because we are of opinion that this case is
not to be treated as an application by a judgment-creditor for the exercise of the ancillary jurisdiction of the court, to aid him in executing legal process, but comes under a head of original jurisdiction in eouity. It is a bill b a creditor of a deceased
debtor, against the administrator and a party who is fraudulently holding all the property of the deceased, which in equity should be applied to the paymeit of this dbt, and the bill prays that
the debt may be paid out of this fund. That a single creditor
may maintain a bill against an administrator of a deceased

34

SUPREME COURT.

Hagan 7Y.Walker et al

debtor, for a discovery of Assets and the payment of his debt, there can be no doubt. That, in sone cases, he may join with the administrator a third person, who is in possession of pro-
perty which is amenable to the payment of the debt, is also clear. The instances in which ifWhas been actually held that such third person might be joined, are chiefly cases of collusion between the administrator and the third person possessed of assets, insolvenc .of the administrator, and where the third -person was the surviving partner of the deceased. Utterson v. Mair, 2 Ves. Jr. 95; Alsager -. Rowley, 6 Ves. 748; Burroughs v. Elton, 11 Ves. 29; Gedge v. Traill, 1 Russ. & M. 281; Long v. Majestre, 1 Johns. Ch. Rep. 306. But it will be found that the equitable right of tie creditor to join a thir. person, and have a discovery and an appropriation of assets held by him,, has never been limited to thbse particular cases.
For, while it is generally agreed that some special case must be made, it is also declared in all the cases, that what is to constitute it has not been limited by any precise and rigid rule. In Holland v.-Prior, (1 My. & .K.240,) Lord Brougham applied the rule to the ease of a representative of a deceased representative, -vithout any suggestion of 6ollusicn between him and the present representative. In Simpson v. Vaughn, (2 Atk. 33,) Lord Hardwicke said: "It has been said at the bar, that you may make any person a defendant that you apprehend has pdssessed himself of assets upon which you have a lien. But this certainly cannot be laid down as a general rule; for it would be of dangerous consequence to insisv that you can make any-person a defendant who has assets, unless you can .how to the court he denies that he has assets, or applies them improperly." Considering, then, that some specia., and sufficient reasons must be- shown for proceeding against a third person, jointly with the administrator, the inquiry is, whether this bill does not contain those reasons; and we are of opinion it does.
It appears, from the statements in the bill, that William H. Pope isin possession, of all the assets of the deceased debtor, both real and personal, holding them under conveyances made fo him by the. deceased, absolute. in form, but accompanied by secret trusts in favor of the- grantor, designed to defr'aud this particular creditor, and prev~nt him from obtaining payment of hi judgment, and that this fraudulent design has thus far been successfully executed.
Now these conveyances are not only valid on their face, but they are really valid as betveen the parties; and though they are void as against creditors., and the property, both at law and in equity, is subject to the payment of the debts of the deceased, yet the embarrassments attending any attempt by the

DECEMBER TERM, 18-52.

35

Hagan v. Walker et al.

administrator to possess himself even of that part of these assets, which were personalty, at law would certainly be great, and perhaps insuperable. 2 Rand. Rep, 384; lMartin v.-Root, 17 Mass. Rep. 228. It is true he is the representative of creditors, as well as of the next of kin, and in the former capacity might be able to make good his claim to a sufficient amount of these personal assets to enable*him to pay the debts. Holland. v. Cruft, 20 Pick. 321. But the impracticability of taking an account of the debts at law, and proportioning the recovery to the amount required to pay them, would -render a resort to equity indispensable -to do entire justice between all parties, even if the- assets were legal in their nature. If this bill had contained an allegation that the administrator had been requested to sue, and had refused, the ease would be free from all doubt; and, upon the fhets averred" in the bill, we do not think such a reqriest necessary; because it' does appear that about two years elapsed after the death of Leroy Pope before this bill was filed, and the administrator took no step to reduce these assets tb possessio.n; because, when this bill was .filed, he re. sists it by a demurrer, relying on the statute 'of limitations; be-
cause it must be admitted to have been doubtful how- far he had a remedy, without the concurrence of' any creditor; and chiefly, because there is no danger of interfering with the due course of administrations; or taking from administrators their proper control over suits for the recovery of, assets, by holding
fhat'a creditor may file a bill against the administrator and the fraudulent giantee of deceased debtor, to subject the property fraudulently conveyed to the payment of the debt. . It comes
within the case put by Lord Hardwicke; for herd this specific property is amenable to the claim of this creditor, and in the sense in which he employs the word, the creditor had a lien upon these assets; and it does appear to the court, that the party holding them both denies that they are assets and applies
them improperly, for he claims them as his own, and is endeavoring to defeat a just creditor by an assertion of a title invalid as against him.
In this view of the case, it is not essential that the creditor cannot.proceed at law until after a revival of the judgment by
a . scire facias. In Burroughs v. Elfon, (11 Ves. 36- 7,) Lord Eldon had occasion to consider the force of this objection in a similar case. It was a bill to reach real assets in.the hands of
a surviving partner. The complainant's judgment was upwards of seventeen years old, and no step had been taken to revive it against the administrator or the heir. His decision, in accordance Niith two previous cases to which he refers, was, that such a creditor could sustain the bill, though it might be necessary to
diiect him to proceed at law to revive his judgment.

86

SUPREME 60URT.

Hagan v. Walker et al

It has been argued, that the bill does not show that there are
not other assets in the hands of the admiristrator sufficient to pay this debt, and coxitains no allegation that the administrator
was ever requested to pay it. But the bill does expressly aver, that, aside from the property fraudulently conveyed, there is not, any where, any property of Leroy Pope, out of which the debt could be collected; and, although it states that the fraudulent grantor and grantee both remained in possession, and took the crops jointly, and that these crops were of great value, yet, inasmuch as between themselves the, crops belonged to the grantee, and as it was the object of the conveyances to prevent therfi from being applied to the benefit of creditors, we are of opinion.there is no presumption that any th ng arising from this joint possession ever came to the hands of the administrator, and, therefore, that a demand on him would have been a vain act, which the creditor was not compelled to do.
One other ground on which the demurrer ha.s been rested, requires notice. The bill alleges that, after the fraudulent convey-
ances to Wilqiam H. Pope had been made, he mortgaged the property to Virgil Maxcy, as- Solicitor of the Treasury of the
United States, to secure the debt of Leroy Pope which \Villiam
H. Pope assumed to pay, and it avers that this debt has been in part paid by means described in the bill. Virgil Maxcy and,
subsequently when he went out of office, his successor, Charles B. Penrose, were named as parties to the bil, but they were out of the jurisdiction, no process was served on either of them, and
neither ever appeared or answered. The bill prays that William H. Pope may be compelled to pay to the United States the balance due to them, out of the property in question, and that
the residue may be subjected to the payment of the complainant's debt, and for other and further relief.
Under the act of Congress of the 28th of February, 1839, (5 Stat. at Large, 321, § 1,) it does not defeat the jurisdiction of
the court that a person named as defendant is not an inhabitant of or found within the district where the suit is brought; the
court may still adjudicate between the parties who are properly before it, and the absent parties are not to be concluded or atf fected by the decree.
It is obvious, however, that there may be cases in which the court cannot adjudicate between the parties who are regularl) before it, for the reason that it cannot bini those who are ab
sent. Where no relief can be given without taling an accouni
between an absent party and one before the 'court, though the defect of parties may not defeat the jurisdiction, strictly speak-
ing, yet the court will make no decree in favor of the complainant.

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

37

Hagan v. Walker et al.

The case before us is not one of this character; for although

the whole of the relief specially prayed for cannot be granted

in the particular mode there indicated, because the United

States not being a party, no account can be taken of the debt

due to them from Leroy Pope or William H. Pope, yet, subject

to the encumbrance of this debt, and without affecting it in any

manner, the property may be appropriated to the payment of

the complainant's debt.

It is true, that in Finley v. The Bank of the United States,

(11 Vheat. R. 306,) which was a bill to foreclose a mortgage

by sale, Chief Justice Marshall says: "It *cannot be doubted

that the prior mortgagee ought regularly to -have been a party

defendant, and that had the existence of his mortgage been

known to the court, no decree ought to have been pronounced

in the cause until he was introduced into it." But it could not

have been intended by this to say, that a prior encumbrancer

was absolutely a necessary party without whose presence no

decree of sale could be made, because in that very case the

court refused to treat the decree as erroneous, after it had been

executed.

In Delabere v. Norwood, (3 Swanst. R. 144, n.) in a bill to

obtain payment of an annuity charged on land, prior annuitants

were held not to be necessary parties. In Rose v. Page, (2 Sim.

471,) the same rule was applied to a prior mortgagee; and in

Wakeman .v.Grover, (4 Paige, R. 23,) and Rundell v. Marquis

of Donegal, (1 Hogan, 308,) and Post v. Mackall, (3 Bland,

495,) to prior judgment creditors; and in Parker v. Fuller, (I

Russ. & My. 656,) persons having encumbrances on real property, which the bill sought to subject to the payment of debts

of the deceased owner, were held not ta be necessary parties to

the bill. See also Hoxie v. Carr, I Sum. R. 173; Calvert on

Parties, 128.

On the other hand there are eases in which it has been

declared that all encumbiancers are necessary parties. Many

are collected in Story's E, P. 178, n. But we consider the

true rule to be, that, where it is the object of the bill to pro.

cure a sale of the land, and the prior encumbrancer holds the

legal title, and his debt is payable, it is proper to make him a

party in order that a sale may be made 6f the whole title. In

this sense, and for this purpose, he may be correctly said to, be

a necessary party, that is, necessary -to such a decree. But it is

in the power of the court o order a sale subject to the prior en-

cunbrance, a power which it will exercise in fit cases. And

when toe prior encumbrancer is not subject to the jurisdiction

of tne court, ol cannot be joined without defeating its jurisdic-

tion, and the valdity of*the encumbrance is admitted, it is fit

VOL. XIV.

4

38

SUPREME COURT.

Kennett et al. v. Chambers.
to dispense with his being made a party. To such a case the 47th rule for the equity practice of the Circuit Courts of the United States is applicable, and by force of it, this cause may proceed without making the United States, or the Solicitor of the Treasury a party to the decree.
The decree of the District Court must be reversed, and the case remanded, with directions to overrule the demurrer and order the defendants, other than the representative of the United States, to answer the bill.

Order.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Alabama, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the decree of the said District Court in this cause be, and
the same is hereby, reversed wvb costs, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remasited to the said District Court,
with directions to overrule the derrirxer, an-l to order the defendants, other than the representative of the United States, to an-
swer the bill.

JOHN KENNETT, EZEIIEL S. HAINES, EDEN B. REEDER, GEORtGE
GRAHAM, JR., JOHN MCCARTY, JOSHUA YORK9, AND ROBERT
B. BOWLER, APPELLANTS, v. THOMAS J. CHAMhBERS.
t belongs exclusively to the political department of the government to recognize or to refuse to recognize a new government in a foreign country, claiming to have displaced the old and established a new one. Until the political department of the government acknowledged the independence of Texas, the Judiciary were bound to consider the old order of things as having continued. While the government of the United States acknowledged its treaty of limits and of amity and friendship with Mexico as still subsisting an. obligatory, no citizen of the .United States could lawfully furnish supplies to Texas to enable'it to carry on the war against Mexico. A contract, made in Cincinnati, after Texas declared itelf independent, but before its indepe~enc was acknowledged by the United Stc.tes, whereby the complainants agreed to furnish, and did furnish money to a General in the Texan army, to enable him to raise and equip troops to be employed against Mexico, was illegal and void, and cannot be enforced in a court of the Unitcd States. The circumstance that the Texan officer agreed, in consideration of these advances of money, to convey to them certain lands in Texas, o "which he covenanted that he'was then the owner, will not make the contract valid when it appears upon the face dfdit, and by the averments in the bill, that the object and intention of the complainants in advancing the money was to assist Texas in its military operations.

SUPREME COURT.
Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.
THE PHILADELPHIA AND READING RAILROAD COMPANY, PLAIN-
TIFF IN ERROR, V. ELIAS H. DERBY.
Where a suit was brought against a railroad company, by a person who was injured by a collision, it was correct in the court to instruct the jury, that, if the plaintiff was lawfully on the road, at the time.of the collision, and the collision Lnd consequent injury to him were caused by the gross negligence of one of the servants of the defendants, then and there employed on the road, he was entitled to recover, notwithstanding the circumstances, that the plaintiff was a stockholder in the company, riding by invitation of the President, paying no fare, and not in the usual passenger cars.
And also, that the fact that the engineer having the control of the colliding locomotive, was forbidden to run on that track at the time, arid had acted in disobedience. of such orders, was no defence to the action.
A.master is liable for the tortious acts of his servant, wNhen done in the course of his employment, although they may be done in disobedience of the master's orders.
-THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the Circuit C'ourt of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
It was an action on'the case brought by Derby, for an injury suffered upon the railroad of the plaintiff in error.
The declaration, in ten counts, was, in substance, that on"the 15th day of June, 1848, the defendants, being the owners of the railroad, and of a certain car engine called the Ariel, received the plaintiff into the said car, to be safely carried therein, upon, and over the said railroad, whereby it- became the duty of the defendants to use proper care and diligence that the plaintiff should be safely and securely carried, yet, that the defendants, not regarding their duty in that behalf, conducted themselves so negligently by their servants, that, by reason of such negligence, while the ca engine Ariel was upon the road, and the plaintiff therein, he was precipitated therefroyn upon the ground, and greatly injured. Defendants pleaded not guilty.
On the 22d of April, 1851, the cause came on to be tried, and
the evidence was, in substance, as follows: In the month of June, 1848, the plaintiff being a stockholder
in the said railroad company, came to the city of Philadelphia, for the purpose of inquiring into its affairs, on his own accou'nt and as the representative of other stockholders. On the.15th of June, 1848, the plaintiff accompanied John Tucker, Esq., the President of the ,aid company, over the-railroad, for the purpose of viewing it and the works of the company.
rhey proceeded in the ordinary passenger train of the company, from the city of 'Philadelphia, (the plaintiff paying no fare for his passage,) as far as the city of Reading.
On arriving at Reading, the plaintiff inspected the machineshops of the defendants, there situate, and remained for that purpose about half an hour after the departure of the passen-

DECEM]BER TERM, 1852.

469

Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.

ger train towards Pottsville, which latter place is about the dis.

tance of ninety-two miles from Philadelphia.

By order of Mr. Tucker, a small locomotive car engine, called

the Ariel was prepared for the purpose of carrying the plaintiff

and Mr. Tucker further up the road. This engine was not con-

structed, or used, for the business of the said defendants,. but

was kept for the use of the President and other officers of the

company, their friends and guests.

On this engine, the plaintiff and Mr. Tucker, accompanied

by the engineer and fireman, and a paymaster of defendants,

proceeded, folloNing the passenger train, until they reached

Port Clinton, a *stationon the line of the railroad.

After leaving Port Clinton, when about three miles distant

from it, going round a curve, the passengers on the Ariel saw

another engine called the Lycoming, of which S. P. Jones was

the conductor, approaching on the same track. The engineer

of the Ariel immediately reversed his engine, and put down the

break. Mr. Tucker, the plaintiff, and the fireman, jumped from

the ,Ariel, to avoid the. impending collision. After they had

jumped, the engineer also left the Ariel, h4ving done all he

could do to stop it. The plaintiff, in attempting to jump, fell,

and received the injury of which he complains.

The engineer of the Lycoming, when he saw the approach

of the Ariel, reversed his engine and put down the break. He

did not leave the Lycoming till after the collision. At the time

of the collision, the Lycoming was backing. The engines were

but slightly injured by it.

On the night of the 14th or the morning of the 15th of June,

a bridge, on the line of the railroad above Port dlinton, was

burnt. In consequence of this, one of the tracks of the rail-

road was blocked up by empty cars returning to the rhines, and

stopped by the destruction of the bridge. For this reason a

single track only could be used for the business of the road be-

tween Port Clinton and the burnt bridge.

Lewis Kirk, an officer of the said company, (master machinist

and foreman,) went on in the passenger cars from Reading,

towa7rds Pottsville, informing the plaintiff and Mr. Tucker, that

he would' give the proper orders to have the track kept clear for

the Ariel. On arriving at Port Clinton he did give an order to

Edward Burns, despatcher at Port Clint6n, (an officer of said

company, charged with the duty of controlling the starting of

engines,) that rio car should be allowed to go over the road

until he the said Kirk returned.

This order was communicated in express terms by Burns to

Jones; the conductor of the Lycoming. Jones replied that he

would go, and would take the responsibility, and, contrary to

VOL. XIV.

40

SUPREME COURT.
Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.
his orders, did go up the road towars, the burnt bridge, and on his return met the Aridl, and the collision ensued, as above stated. Jones had the reputation" of being a careful and competent person, no previous disobedience of orders by him had ever occurred, and he was discharged by the defendants immediately after the accident, arid because of it.
On the trial the plaintiff below requested the court to charge the jury,
I. That if the plaintiff was lawfully upon the railroad of the defendants at the time of the collision, by' the license of the defendants, and was then and .there injured by the negligence or disobedience of orders of the company's servants, then and there employed on the said railroad, the cefendants are liable for the injury done to the plaintiff by such ,collision.
II. That if the defendants,.by their servants, undertook to convey the plaintiff along the Reading Railroad, in the car Ariel, and while so conveying, him, through the gross negligence of the servants of the compadiy then and there employed on the said' railroad, the 'collision occurred, by which the plaintiff -#ras injured, that the defendants are liable for the injury done to the plaintiff by such collision, although no compensation was to be paid to the company for such conveyance of the plaintiff.
IIL That if the collision, by which the plaintiff was injured, -was occasioned by the locomotive Lycoming, then driven negligently'or in disobedience of orders upon the said road by J. P. Jones, bne of the company's servants, then having control or command of the said locomotive, that the defendants are liable for the injuryfo the plaintiffs, caused by such collision.
'And' the counsel for the defendants below requested the court to charge the jury, - 1. That the damages, if any are recoverable, are to be confined to the direct and immediate consequences of the injury sustained.
2. That if the jury believe the plaintiff had paid no fare, and
was passing upon the-raih'oad of the defendant as an invited guest, in order to entitle him to recover damages he must prove gross negligence, which is the omission of that care which even .the most thoughtless take of their own concerns.
. That the defendants would be liable in damages to a passenger who had paid p .ssage-money up:on their contract to deliver him safely, for slight negligence, but to an invited guest, who'paid no.fare or passage-money, they 'will not be responsible 'unless the jury believe that there was not even slight diligence on the part of the agents of the defendants.
4. That the employer is not responsible for the wilful act of
hi 'servant.

DECEMBER TERM 1852.

471

Pliladelphia and Reading Railroad Company.v. Derby.

5. That if the jury believe that the conductor of the engine Lycoming wilfully, and against the express orders of the officer of the company communicated to tim, by running his engine upon the track above Port Clinton, caused the collision, the defendants are not responsible for any injury or loss resulting from
such -wilful disobedience. 6. That if the jury believe that every reasonable and proper
precaution was taken to have. the track of the railroad clear for the passage of the Ariel, and collision ensued solely by reason of the wilful disobedience of the conductor of the Lycoming, and of the express orders duly given by an agent, of the company, the plaintiff eannot recover.
7. That if the jury believe that the conductor of the Lycoming, and all the officers of the company in any wise connected
-with the collision, were carefully and prudently selected, and that the collision ensued and the injury resulted to the plaintiff, an invited guest, by the wilful disobedience of one, of them to an order duly communicated, then the plaintiff cannot recover.
The learned Judge charged the jury as -equested, on all the points offered by the plaintiff.
And the learned Judge charged on the first and second points offered by the defendants, as requested, and also on the third point of the defendants, with the explanation, that though all the other agents of the defendants acted with diligence, yet if -ne of the agent§ used no diligence at all, then the defendants ·ould not be said to have shown slight diligence.
As to the fourth point, the learned Judge charged as requested by the defendants, with this explanation, that though the master is not liable for the wilful act of his servant, not done in the course 6f his employment as servaint yet if the servant disobeys an order relating to his business, and injury results from that disobedience, the master is liable, for it is his duty to select servants who will obey. The disobedience in this case is the ipsa ncligentip,for it is not pretended by the defendants that the Lycoming was intentionally driven against the Ariel.
On the fifth, sixth, and seventh points of the defendants, the learned Judge refused to charge as requested.
The learned Judge further said, that it is admitted that the plaintiff was injured through the act of Jones, the conductor of
the Lycoming, that the plaintiff was lawfully on the road by' the license of the defendants; then, in this view of the case, whether he paid fare or not, or was the guest of.the defendants,
made no difference as to the law of.the case. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, and assessed the
damages t three thousand dollars. A writ of error brought the case up to this sourt.

472

SUPREME COURT.

Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.

It was argued by -Mr.Campbell and Mr. Fisher, for the plaintiff in error, and Mr. Binney and Mr. Wharton,for the defendant
In error.

The-points made by the counsel for the plaintiff in error, were
the following:
I. The plaintiff stood in such relation to the'defendants at the time of the accident, that he cannot by law recover.
II. The plaintiff sutferedn.o damage fron any act with which tbe defendants are by law chargeable.
These propositions cover the whole case; yet it may be proper -to direct the attention of the court to two others, which, although
included in the latter, are made more specific by referring to the points and charge of the court.
III. That the learned Judge erred while affirming the third and fourth pointN of the defendants, in the explanation by which that instruction was accompanied. The points and explanv-
tions referred to, were, 3. That the defendants would be liable in damages to a pas-
senger who had paid passage-money, upon- their contract to deliver him safely, for slight negligence; but to an invited guest, who paid no fare, or passagermoney, they will not be responsible, unless the -jury believe that there was not even slight diligence on the part of the agents of the defendants.
4. That the employer is not responsible for the wilful act of his servarnt or agent.
The learned Judge .charged as requested on the third point, with the explanation, that though all the other agents of the defendants- acted with diligence, yet, if one of the agents used ,O diligence at all, then the defendants could, not be said to
have shoWn slight diligence. The learned Judge also charged as requested on the fourth
point- Nvith this explanation, that though the master is not liable for the, wilful *act of his servant, not done in the course of his employment as servant, yet, if the servant disobeys an order
relating to his business, and injury r~sults from that disobedience, the master.is liable; for it is his duty to select servants who -will obey. The disobedience in this case is the ipsa neglgentia,for it is not pretended by the defendants that the Lycoming was intentionally driven against the Ariel.
IV. The learned Judge erred in refusing to charge as re-
quested by the 5th, 6th, and 7th points of the defendants. 5. That if the iury believe that the conductor of the engine
Lycoming wilfully, and against the express orders of the officer, of the company, communicated to him, by running his engine upon the track above Port -Clinton, caused the collision, the de-

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

473

Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v, Derby.

fendants are not responsible for any injury or loss resulting from
such ixlful disobedience. 6. That if the jury believe every reasonable- and proper pre-
caution was taken to have the track of the railroad clear for the
passage of the Ariel, and the collision ensued solely by reason of the wilful disobedience of the conductor of the Lycoming, and of the expres§ orders duly given by an agent of the company, the plaintiff cannot recover.
7. That if the jury believe that the conductor of the Lycom-
ing, and all the officers of the company, iiany wise connected with the collision, were carefully and prudently selected, and that the collision ensued, and the injury resulted to the plaintiff, an invited guest, by the wilful disobedience of one of them to an order duly communicated, then the plaintiff cannot recover.
I. The plaintiff stood in such relation to the defendants at the time of the accident, that he cannot by law recover.
The plaintiff was a stockholder of the*defendants; he was.
on the road as an invited guest, and paid no fare; was not car-
ried in the way of their business, nor in a car used for such purpose. He voluntarily left the passenger train at Reading, and
took his seat in the Ariel, with full knowledge of the service to which it was devoted, and the character df the engine itself. He was himself the president of a railroad company.
Being no passenger, and not carried by the company, even
gratuitqusly, in the way of their business, he was in the car and was carried as a stockholder and a guest.
What were his legal rights, and what the obligations of the
defendants? It was contended: 1. That no cause of action can arise to any person by reason
of the occurrence of an inintentional injury while he is receiving or partaldng of any of those acts of kindness which spring
from mere socrd relations. No contract exists, and no such auty
as can give a cause of action, is by law cast upon either party
in such relation. Such was the position of the plaintiff. Upon principles somewhat analogous to the one now presented
it has been ruled, " Si un hoste invite un al supper, et le nult esteant farr spent et luy invite a stayer la tout le nuit, fit soit apres robbe uncore le hoste ne serra charge pur ceo, car cest gue-t ne fuit ascur traveller. 1 Rolle's Abr. 3.
"And if a man set his horse at an inn, though he lodge at another place, that makes him a guest, for the innkeeper gains
by the horse, and therefore that makes the owner a guest, though he be absent. Contra, if goods left there by a man, because
the innk eeper hath no advantage by them." York v. Grenaugh, 2 Ld. R. 868.

.474

SUPREME COURT.

Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.

"1So where one leaves his horse at an inn, to stand there by agreement, at livery, although neither himself nor any of his seE Vants lodge there, he is reputed a guest fbr that purpose, and the innkeeper hath a valuable consideration, and if that horse be stolen, he hath an action upon the common custom of the realm. But, as in the case at bar, where he leaves goods to keep, whereof the defendant is not t6 have any benefit, and goes 'Irom thence for two -or three days, although he saith he will re-
turn, yet he is at liberty, and is rot a guest luring that time, nor is the innkeeper chargeable as a common Lostler for the goods stolefi during'that time, unless he make a special promise for the safe keeping of them, and the. action ought to be grounded
upon it.". Greeley v. Clark, Cr. Jac. I88. "For if a man be lodged with another who is not an inn-
holder on request, if he be robbed in his house by the servants
of him who lodged him, or any other, he shall not answer for it.' Cayle's case, 4 Rep. 32.
"And therefore, if a neighbor who is no traveller, as a fi'nd,
at the request of the innholder, lodges there, and his goods be stolen, &C., he shall not have an ction." Cayle's case, Id. 33.
The principles on which rights and obligations, arising from particular relations, are founded, are sta:ed by Shaw, C. J. in Farwel v. Boston & Worcester Railroad Co. 4 Metcalf, 58.
And it maybe proper to refer to that class of cases based upon the principle, that unless the parties met upon the terms of contract, none can be inferred, or, in the words of Mr. Justice Williams, in Davies v. Davies, (38 Engl. C. L. R. 46,) that the evidence must show "that the parties came there on the terms that they were to pay and be paid, but if that 'vas not so, there can be no ex postefacto charge made on either side."
And to the samp effect are the actions brought upon claims for services rendered, when the relations o" the parties do not justify the inference of contract, - Strine v. Parsons, 5 Watts &
!S.357. The case of a: woman who lived with the decedent (whose state was sued) as his wife. Walker's Estate, 3 Rawle, 'at3f.ullAnagae.ctioAnnbdy aalssoonCfa6nrdoser'rsviAcepsperaeln,de.5reWd aatfttser&heSa.rr2iv1e6d;
Hacks v. Stewart, 8 Barr, 213. 2. The plaintiff, being a stockholder as well as guest, and
availing himself of an opportunity to 'inspect, for his own interest as for that of others, the line of the road, their shops, &c., he cannot, by reason also of this relation, recover.
He was inthe car, as already stated, as a stockholder, and not carried by the company in the way of their business, but for his own benefit, and for the interest of other stockholders whom he represented) and for whom he was acting as agent. No contract

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

475

Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.

was entered into with him, and he occupied, in this regard, no other relation than any other officer or agent of the company or
coproprietor of the road. One agent injuredby another agent, cannot recover from their
common' principal. Farwell v. Boston & Worcester Railroad Co. 4 Metcalf R. 49 ; Brown v. Maxwell, 6 Hill, 592;- Murray v. South Carolina Railroad Co. 1 McMullan, 385; Coon v.
Railroad Co. 6 Barbour, 231; Priestly v. Fowler, 3 Mees. & Welsb. 1.
If the defendant in error owned half the stock of the road,
or being so the owner, the company was unincorporated, (its charter cannot affect this relation,) or if the charter had created an individual liability in the shareholders, what duty did the law impose upon the other _proprietors towards him, while he
was on the road by their license, without compensation, to inspect its condition for his own benefit? It is submitted he went
there like any other tenant in common, or joint proprietor, without right to claim against his coproprietors for the negligence of any of their common servants.
Il. The plaintiff suffered no damage from any act with which the defendants are by law chargeable.
,The gist of the action is, the neglect by the servant of the
defendants of some duty imposed upon them by law, for which negligence they are solight to be held responsible.
1. It is first to be observed, that this liability of the defend-
ants, if any, is not affected by their corporate character, and if under like circumstances an individual would not be liable, a corporation will not.
"A corporation will be liable for an injury done by its servants, if under like circumstances an individual would be re-
sponsible." The First Baptist Church v. Schenectady & Tr. R. R. Co. 5 Barb. Sup. Ct. Rep. N. Y. 79. "Indeed the same rule should be applied to a corporation as should be applied to an individual who barries on a business solely through the medium of. agents and servants." Pratt, J., Coon v. The Utica R. R. Co. 6 Barb. S. C. R. 231; Philadelphia R. R. Co. v. Wilt,
4 Wharton, R. 146.
" The power and duty of an engine driver must be the same, simply as such, whether he be employed by a corporation, or a joint stock company, or an ordinary partnership, or an individual.
The driver appointed by a corporation, or company, or partnership, carrying on the business of carriers of passengers or goods,
must, as such, have the same duties and powers." Per Parke, B. 3 Welsby, H. & G. 277; Con. v. L R. Co.
2. That an individual would not, under the facts in this case,
have been liable, is, it is submitted, clear, from the following

SUPREME COURT.
Philadelphia and. Reading Railroad Company v. Perby.
afthorities, and the principles-upon which the decisions are based:
"A. master is chargeable with the ac- of his servant, but when he acts in the execution of the authority given him by his-master, and then the act of the servant is the act of the ,master." Per Holt, C. J., Middleton v. Fowler, 1 Salk. 282.
"In civil matters, to render one man amenable for another's misconduct, it must ever ba established that the latter, in commifting the injury, was all the while acting under the authority, and with the assent, express or implied, of the former." HEhmmond's Nisi Prius, 80.
".Hence it is, that the principal is never liable for the unauthorized, the wilful, or the malicious act or trespass of the agent" Per Story, J., Princip. and Agt. § 456.
In McManus v. Crickett, Lord Kenyon cites these cases, as illustrating the rule:
"1If my servant, contrary to my will, chase my beasts into the soil of another, I shall not be punished."
11If I command my servant to distrain, and he ride on the distress, he shall be punished, not I." 1 East, 106:
"In order to render a master liable for a trespass committed by the servant, it is necessary to show that the acts were done while the servant was aeting under the authority of the master. . . . To render him liable; it must be shown that the commission of the trespasses was in- the execution of his order, or with his assent or approbation." Per Waite, J., Church v. Mansfield, 20 Conn. 287.
In Armstrong v. Cooley, (5 Gill's Rep. 512,) it was said, by Treat, C. J., "1 Even when the act is lawful, the principal is respqnsible for the manner of its performance, if done in the course of his employment, and not in wilful violation of his in. structions." Thus declaring that, in the latter case, he would not be liable.
"It should here be observed, that the ground of the principal's liability.cannot be that he has selected an agent who is more or less unworthy, and placed him in a situation which enables him to become the instrument of mischief to his neighbor, because hat wouid hold him responsible; not alone for the acts done by the other, in his capacity quatenus agent, but even for a wilful default?' Ham. N. P. 81. 1
This principle is exemplified in the case next cited, which,
with the following, it is submitted, rule the cause now before the court.
Joel v. lorrison, 25 Eng. C. L. Rep. 512. In this case, the plaintiff was knocked down by the defendant's horse and cart, then driven by one of his servants. accompanied by another.

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

477

Philadelphia and Reading Pailroad Company v. Derby.

The defendant proved that his horse and cart were only in the habit of being driven out of the city, and did not go into the city (where the act happened) at all. Thesiger, counsel for the plaintiff, suggested that the defendant's servants might have gone out of their vay, for their own purposes, or might have taken the cart at a time when it was not wanted for the pur-. pose of business, and have gone to pay a visit to some friend.
He was observing that, under these circumstances, the defendant was liable for the acts of his servants-but, per Parke, B., "He is not liable, if, as you suggest, these young men took the cart without leave."
Wilson v. Peverley, (2 N. Hamp. Rep. 548,) was an action on the case against the master. It appeared that, by the defendant's orders, a fire was set on his land, and the charge of it given to a hired laborer. That the defendant left home, dire~ting the
laborer, after setting th6 fire, to employ himself in harrowing other land in the neighborhoodi. That the laborer, after his
master's absence, and before he comnenced harrowing, carried brands from that fire into the ploughing field, to consume some'
piles of wood and brush there collected, ank on his way droppea some coals, from which another fire arose, and did all the injury
complained of. That carrying fire from one field to another was dangerous, and was not in conformity to any express authority of his master; that the laborer was accustomed to work under the particular directions of his master, and could conveniently
have harrowed, without first burning the piles of wood, though to burn them first is the usual course of good husbandry. A verdict was taken for the plaintiff, subject to the opinion of the court. Judgment was afterwards given for the defendant, and the Judge (Woodbury) said: "The next ground on- which a
master is liable for wrongs of his servant, is, that the wrongs are performed by the servant in'the neglieat and unskilful. execution of business specially intrusted to the servant, but the prin-
ciple does not reach wrongs caused by carelessness in the performance of an act, not directed by the master, as a piece of
business of some third person, or of the servant himself, or of the master, but which the master did not, either expressly
or impliedly, direct him to perform. . . . Thus, a piec6 of labor might be very properly performed at one time, and not at another; as, in this case, the setting of a fire in the neighborhood of much combustible matter. And if the master, when the fire would be highly dangerous in such a place, forbore to direct it to be kindled, and employed his servant in other business, it would be unreasonable to make him liable, if the
servant, before attending to that business, went in his own discretion, and kindled the fire to the damage of third persons,

SUPREME COURT.
Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.
The master quoad hoc, is not acting in person, or through the servant, neither per se, nor per aliud, and. the doctrine of respondeat superior,does not apply to such an act, it being the sole act of the servant."
It appears by tie evidence, as applied to these rules: 1. Jones was not acting in execution of the authority given lfim by his master, the company, which is deemed essential by Lord Holt. 2. In committing the injury, he was not all the while, or at any time, acting under the authority, or with the assent of the company, things, says Hammond, ever to be established to make the principal liable. 3. His act was contrary to the will and express direction of the company, which, under the cases approved by Lord Kenyon; in McManus v. Crickett, ,ould discharge the master from liability. 4. The company directed him to do one thing, and not to do another;' yet, he did the latter, and did not do the former; therefore, according to the rule approved by Lord Kenyon, he, and not the company, is liable to the plaintiff. 5. His Whole conduct was unauthorized by the defendants, who are, therefore, not liable, under the authority of Story and Waite- Js 6. His acts were '1in wilful violation of his instructions," and, therefore, as stated in the opinion of Treat, C. J., the defendants are not liable. 7. He took and run the car "without leave," in which case, says Parke, B., the principal is "not liable." 8. Nor are the defendants liable because Jones was in the performance of a piece of business of the defendants, because they did not, either expressly or impliedly, direct him to perform it; and if, as Judge Woodbury said, it would be unreasonable to make the principal liable for an act done by the servant, without authority, but only on his own discretion, with what reason can the principal be made responsible for.tile wilful violation of his orders? It is hence- submitted, that the defendants are not by' law chargeable with the damages reihlting from the wilful and dis. obedient act of one of their servants, and that the second point is maintained. (The argument upon the remaining points, is necessarily omitted.)
The.points made by the counsel for the defendant in error, were the sameruled by the court'below, ard were stated as follows:

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

479

Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.

The three points made by the defendant in error, and affirmed
by his honor, Judge Grier, who tried the cause, are found on the record. -They are as follows:
I. That if the plaintiff was lawfully upon the railroad of the defendants, at the time of the collision, by 'the license of the defendants, and was then and there injured by the negligence or disobedience of orders of the company's servants, then and there employed upon the said railroad, the defendants are
liable for the injury done to the plaintiff by such collision. Two principles sustain this point. I. That every person (or corporation) whose negligeince or
carelessness causes damage to another person, is prima facie
responsible to such person therefor. II. That a corporation is liable to third persons for the damage
done by its servants through negligence or disobedience of orders,
in the course of their employment.
1.To the first principle, as an axiom of the law, it is not
deemreed necessary to cite authorities. II. In support of the second, the authorities which follow are
cited, the principles being first given as stated by emii ent text-
writers. In Story on Agency, p. 465, ch. 17, §452, the rule is laid down
as follows: " It is a general doctrine of law, that, although the principal
is not ordinarily liable, (though he sometimes is,) in a criminal
suit, for the acts or misdeeds of his agent, unless, indeed, he. has authorized or cooperated in those acts or.misdeeds; yeti he is held liable to, third persons in a civil suit for the frauds, deceits, concealments, misrepresentations, torts, negligences, and other malfeasances or misfeasances and omissions of duty of his agent in the course of his employment, although the principal did not authorize, or justify, or participate in, or, indeed,
know of such misconduct, or even if he forbade them, or disapproved of them. In all such cases, the rule applies, Bespondeat szpcrior-; and it is founded upon public policy apd convenience;, for in no other way could there be any safety to third persons in their dealings, either directly with the principals, or indirectly
with him through the instrumentality of agents. In every such case, the principal holds out his agent as competent, and fit to
be trusted; and thereby, in effect, he warrants his fidelity and good conduct in all matters of the agency." And in note 2,
the learned author, in commenting upon a passage-in I Blackstone's Comm. 432, adds, "for the -master is liable for the wrong and negligence of his servant, just as much when it- has been done contrary to his orders and against his intent, as he is, when
he has cooperated in, or known the wrong."

480

SUPREME COURT.

.Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.

"A master is ordinarily liable to answer in a civil suit for the tortious or wrongful acts of his servant, if those acts"are done in the course of his employment in his master's service; the maxims applicable to, such cases, being, Respondeat superior, and Qui facitper alium,facit per se. This rule, with some few exceptions, is of universal application, whether the act of the servant be one of omission or commission, whether negligent,
fraudulent, or deceitful, or even if it be ar act of positivi Malfeasance or misconduct; if it be done in the course of his employment his master is regponsible for "*t, civiliter, to third persons. And it makes no difference that the master did not authorize, or even know of the servant's act or neglect; for even
if he disapproved of or forbade it, he is equally liable, if the act be done in the course of the servant's employment. Smith on MNaster and Servant, p. 152; Law Lib. Jan. f852, p. 130.
""If a servant is acting in the execution of his master's orders,
and by his negligence causes injury to a third party, the master will be responsible, although the servant's act was not necessary for the proper performance of his -dutyto his master, or was even, contrary to his master's orders." Smith on Master and
Servant, p. 157; Law Lib. Jan. 1852,'p. 134. The following authorities establish conclusively the principles
above stated. Sleath v. Wilson, 9 Carrington & Payne, 607,
(38 E. C. L. 249.) If a servant, without his master's knowledge, take his mas-
ter's carriage out of the coach-house, 'and with it commit an injury, the master is not liable; because he has not in such case
intrusted the servant with the carriage. Bat whenever the master has intrusted the servant with the cont-:ol of the carriage, it
is no answer that the servant acted improperly in the management of it; but the master, in such case, v.rill be liable, because he has put it ip the servant's power to mismanage the carriage, bjy intrusting him with it. Therefore, where a servant, having set his master down in Stamford street, was directed by him to put up in Castle street Leicester Square; but instead of so
doing, went to deliver a parcel of his own, in the Old Street
Road, and in returning albng it, drove against an old woman, and injured her; it was held, that the masteKr was responsible for his servait's act.
Mr. Justice Erskine states the law in the clearest manner. "Whenever the master has intrusted the servant with the control of the carriage, it is no answer that the servant acted
improperly in the management of it. If it were, it might be contended that if a master directs his servant to @ive slowly, and the servant disobeys his orders and drives fast, and through his negligence occasions an injury, the master will not be .liable.

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

481

Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.

But that is not the law: the master, in such a.case, will be liable,

and the ground is, that he has put it in the servant's power to

mismanage the carriage, by intrusting him with it."

The case of Joel v. Morrison, (6 Carrington & Payne, 501,

25 E. C. L. 511,) is to the same point,-but the servant in

that case was acting against his master's implied commands,

-and not his express. The master was held liable. In Brown v.

Copley, (7 Mann. & Granger, 566, 49 E. C. L. 566,) Sergeant

Talfourd, argutendo, puts the case, previously put by way of

illustration by Mr. Justice Erskine, in Sleath v. *Wilson,-

"As, if a coachman were drivFig his master, and w'r,: ordered

not to drive so fast, but he nevertheless continued to do so,

the master would be responsible for the injury." To which

Mlr. Justice Cresswell assents, saying,-"In that case, the

coachman would still be driving for his master, though driving

badly."

It is not pretended, in the present case, that Jones disobeyed

the order given him, to attend to any private business of his

own; he was still "driving" (his locomotive) "for his master,"

"though driving badly."

Nor did the damage ensue from me breach of the .exl, ess

order not to run up the railroad until the Ariel had passed.

Jones ran his locomotive up the.road without harming any o .e.

It was on his return down the road that he encountered the

Ariel.

And in Croft v. Alison, (4 Barn. & Aid. 590, 6 E. C. L. 528,)

in an action for the negligent driving of the defendant's

coachman, whereby the plaintiff's carriage was upset, it ap-

peared that the accident arose from the defendant's coachman

striking the plaintiff's horses with his whllip, in consequence of

which they moved forward, and the carriage was overturned.

At the time when the horses were struck, the two carriages

were entangled. The defendant was held liable for the damage

caused by his servant's act, although wanton, as It was done

in pursuance of his employment. And ver curiam, "The dis-

tinction is this; if a servant driving a carriage, in order to effect

some purpose of his own, wantonly strikes the horses of another

person, and produce the accident, the master will not be liable.

But if, in order to perform his master's orders, he strikes, but

ifijudiciously, and in order to extricate.himself from a difficulty,

that will be negligent and careless conduct, for which-the master

will be liable, being an act done in pursuance of the servant's

employment."

The third point of the defendant in error, and sustained by

his Honor who tried the cause, is as follows:

III. That if the collision by which the plaintiff was injured

VOL. -XIV.

4i

-482

SUPREME COURT.

Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company -v. Derby.

was occasioned by the locomotive Lycoming, then driven neg. ligently, or in disobedience of orders, upon the said road, by J. P. Jones, one of the company's servants, then having control or command of the said locomotive, that the defendants are
liable for the injury to the plaintiff, caused by such collision. This point merely applies the general principles of the first
point to the facts proved, and is virtually comprehended in it. It therefore needs no further notice.
The second point of the defendant in error, sustained by his Honor who tried the cause, is as follows:
II. That if the defendants, by their servants, undertook to convey the, plaintiff along the Reading Railroad, in the car Ariel, and while so conveying him, through the gross negligence of the servants of the company, then and there employed upon-the said railroad, the collision occurred by which the plaintiff was injured, that the defendants are liable for the in-
jury done to the plaintiff by such collision, although no compensation was to be paid to the company for sudh conveyance
of the plaintiff. The principle of. this point is identical with that of the
second point presented by the plaintiffs in error themselves, and which was duly affirmed by his Honor in his charge, and the principle is-in entire harmony with the third point of the plain-
tiffs in error, which was also duly affirmed by his Honor. As both parties, therefore, seem to have agreed in their views
on these points. as presented as above to his Honor for adoption, and which vere duly ad.opted by him, it can hardly be necessary to refer to the authorities on which the doctrine is based.
The leading case in point is that of Coggs v. Barnard, (Lord Raymond, 909,) the celebrated case under the law of bailments. The principle of that case is that, "If a man undertakes to carry goods safely and sEcurely, he is responsible for any damage they Ifiay sustain ir!the carriage through his neglect,
though he was not a common-carrier, and was to have rothing for the carriage."
This base has, been commented upon with great ability, and at -much length in 1 Smith's Leading Cases, p. 82, and the
American authorities upon the -point are collected by Messrs. Hare and Wallace, p. 227.
Mr. Sinith states the genera" principle in these words, viz. "The confidence induced by undertaking any service for another, is a sufficient legal consideration to create a duty in the per-
formance of -it." Among the numerous American cases affirming this principle,
is Thorne v. Deas, (4 Johns. 84,) in which Chief Justice Kent

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

483

Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.

says, "If a party who makes this engagement," (the gratuitous performance of business for 6nother,) "enters upon the execu-,
tion of the business, and does it amiss, through the want of due care, by which damage ensues to the other party, an action will lie for this misfeasance."
A principle to which the defendant in error's second point also refers, is the liability of an unpaid agent for gross negli-
gence only. In the later cases, the English courts have found considerable
difficulty in distinguishing with precision between negligence and gross negligence. In Wilson v. Br~tt, (11 Mees. & Wels. 113,) Baron IRolfe observes, "1that he could see no difference bUtween negligence and gross negligence; that it was the same
thing, with the addition of a vituperative"epithet." And see Hare and Wallace's American note, p. 242, with the
American cases there cited, and which are collected and commented on at much length, and the true principle stated, that
any negligent conduct, which causes injury or loss, is actionable.
The defendant in error might perhaps have been entitled to ask the benefi of a rule less rigid in its bearing-upon himself; but as the conduct of the railroad company in discharging Jories, the conductor, showed their own estimate of the gross-
ness of the negligence in question, the defendant in error was content to ask the ruling of the point in its milder form, afid the
finding of the jury established the grossnessi of the negligence. The question of what is gross negligence beipg for the jury,
see Storer v. Gowen, 6 Shepley, 174; -Whitney v. Lee, 8
Metcalf, 91; Angell on Carriers, p. 12.

Mr. Justice GRIER deliverea the opinion of the court. This action was brought by Derby, the plaintiff below, to recover damages for an injury suffered on the railroad of the plaintiffs in error. The peculiar facts of the case, involving the questions of law presented for our consideration, are these: The plaintiff below was himself the president of another
railroad company, and a stockholder in this. He was on the road of defendants by invitation of the president of the company, not in the usual passenger cars, but in a smai'locomotive car used for the convenience of the officers of the company, and paid no fare for his transportation. The injury-to his person
was caused by coming into collision with a locomotive and
tender, in the charge of an agent or servant of the company, which was on the same track, and moving in"an opposite direction. Another agent of the company, in the exercise of proper care and caution, had'given orders to keep this track clear.. The

484

SUPREME COURT.

Philadelphih and- Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.

driver of the colliding engine acted in disobedience and disregard of these orders, and thus caused the collision.
The instructions given by the court below, at the instance of
plaintiff,as well as those requested by the defendant, and refused by the court, taken together, involve but two distinct points, which have been the subject of exception here, and are in substance as follows:
1. The court instructed the jury, that if the plaintiff was lawfully on the road at the time of the collision, and the collision and consequent injury to him were. caused by the gross negligence of one of the servants of the defendants, then and there ermployed on the road, he is entitled to recover, notwithstanding, the circumstanees given in evidence, and relied upon by defendant's counsel as forming a defence to the action, to wit: that the plaintiff was a stockholder in the company, riding by invitation of the president-paying no fare, and not in the usual passenger cars, &c.
2. That the fact that the engineer having the control of the colliding locomotive, was forbidden to run on that track at the time, and had acted in disobedience of such orders, was not a defence to the action.
1st. In support of the objections to the firsi instru6tion, it is alleged, "that no cause of action can arise to any person by reason of the occurrence of an unintentional injury, while he is receiving or partaking of any of those acts of kindness which spring from mer6 social relations; and that as there waq no con-
tiact between the parties, express or implied, the law would raise no duty as between them, for the negle, t of which an action can be sustained.!'
In support of these positions, the cases between innkeeper and guest have been cited, such as 1 RoUe's Abr. 3, where it is said, "If a host invite one to supper, and the night being far spei t, he invites him to stay all night, and the guest be robbed, yet the host shall-not be chargeable, because the guest was-not a traveller; V and Cayle's case, (4 Rep. 52,) to the same effect, showing that the peculiai liability of an innkeeper arises from -the consideration paid for his entertainment of travellers, and does not exist in the case of gratuitous Lodging of friends or guests. The case of Farwell v. The Boston and Worcester
Railroad Company, (4- Metcalf, 47,) has also been cited, showing that the naster is not liable for any injury received by one
.of his servants, in consequence of the carelessness of another, While both are engaged in the same service.
But we are of opinion, that these cases have no applicaticn to the present- The liability of the defendants below, for the negligent an,& injurious act of their servant, is not necessarily

DECEM-iER TERM, 1852.

485

Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.

founded on any contract or privity between the parties, nor affected by any relation, social or otherwise, which they bore to each other. It is true, a traveller, by stage coacb, or other pub-
lic conveyance, who is injured by the negligence of the driver, has an action against the owner, founded on his contract td carry him safely. But the maxim of 'krespondeat supeHor," which, by legal imputation, makes the master liable for the acts
of his servant, is wholly irrespective of any contract, expiess oi implied, or any other relation between the injured party and the
master., If one be lawfully on the street or highway, and another's servant carelessly drives a stage or carriage against him, dnd injures his property or person, it is no answer to an action against the master for such injury, either, that the plaintiff Wvas riding for pleasure, or that he was a stockholdek in the road, or-that he had not paid his toll, or that he was the.guest of the defendant, or riding in a carriage borrowed from him, or that the defendant was the friend, benefactor, or brother of the
plaintiff. These arguments, arising from the social or domesti6 relations of life may, in some cases, 'successfully appeal to thefeelings of the"plaintiff, but will usually have.ittle effect where
the defendant is a corporation, which is-itself incapable of such relations or the reciprocation of such feelings.
In this view of the case, if the plaintiff was lawfily on the road at the time of the collision, the court- were right in'instructing the jury that none of the antecedent circumstances, or accidents of his situation, could affect 'his right to recover.
It is a act peculiar to this case, that the defendants, who are. liable for the act of their servant coming down the-road, are also the carriers who were conveying the 'plaintiff -up the road, and that their servants immediately engaged'in transporting the plaintiff were not guilty of any negligence, or in fault, for the collision. But we would not have it inferred, from what -has been said, that the circumstances alleged in the 'first point wduld affect the case, if the negligence'-which caused the injury had been committed by the agents of the company who were inthe immediate care of the eneine and car in which the plaintiff rode, and he was compelled to rely on these counts of his declaration, founded on the duty of the defendani to carry him safely. This duty does not result alone from the consideration
paid for the service. It is imposed by the law, even where the service is gratuitous: "1The confidence induced by undertaking any service for another, is a sufficient legal consideration to create a duty in the performance of it." See Coggs v. Bernard, and cases cited in 1 Smith's Leading Cases, 95. It is true* a distinction has been taken, in some cases, between simple negligence, and great or gross negligence ; andl it is said, that one who
41*

SUPREME COURT.
Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.
acts gratuitously is liable only for the latter. But this case does not call upon us to define the difference, (if it be capable of definition,) as the verdict has found this to be a case of gross negligence.
When carriers undertake to convey persons by the powerul but dangerous agency of steam, public policy and safety require that they be held to the greatest possible care and diligence. And whether the consideration for such transportation be pecuniary or otherwise, the personal safety of the passengers should not be left to the sport of chance or the negligence of careless agents. Any negligence, in such cases, may, well deserve the epithet of "gross."
In this view of. the case, also, we think there was no error in the first instruction.
2. The second instruction involves the question of the liability of the master where the servant is in the course of his employment, but, in the matter complained of, has acted contrary to the express command of his master.
The rule of "respondeat superior," or that the master shall be civilly liable for the tortious acts of his servant, is of universal application, whether the act be one of cmission or commission, whether negligent, fraudulent, or deceitful. If it be done in the course of his employment, the master is liable; and it makes no difference that the master did not authorize, or even know of the servant's act or neglect, or even if he disapproved or forbade it,.he is equally liable, if the act be done in the course of his servant's employment. See Story on Agency, § 462; Smith on Master and Servant, 152.
There may be found, in some of the numerous cases reported on this subject, dicta which, when severed from the context, might seem to countenance the doctrine tiat the master is not liable if the act of his servant was in disobedience of his orders. But a more careful examination will show that they depended on the question, whether the servant, at the time he did the act complained of, was acting in the course o! his employment, or in other w ords, whether he was or was not at the time in the relation of servant to the defendant.
The case of Sleath v. Wilson,-(9 Car. & Payne, 607,) states the law in such cases distinctly and correctly.
In that case a servant, having his master's carriage and horses in his possession and control, was directed to take them to a certain place; but instead of doing so he went in another direction to deliver a parcel of his own, and, returning, drove against an Old woman and injured her. Ihere the master was held liable for the act of the servant, though at the time he commItted -the offence, he was acting in disregard of his mag-

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

487

Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company v. Derby.

ter's orders; because the master had intrusted the carriage to his control and care, and in driving it he was aefing in the course of his employment. Mr. Justice Erskine remarks, in this case: "It is quite clear that if a servant, without his master's
knowledge, takes his master's carriage out of the coach-house, and with it commits an injury, the master is not answerable, and on this ground, that the master has not intrusted the servant
with the carriage; but whenever the master has intrusted the servant with the control, of the carriage, it is no answer, that the servant acted improperly in the management of it. If it were, it might be contended that if a master directs his servant to drive slodly, and the servant disobeys his orders, and drives fast, and through his negligence occasions an injury, the master will not be liable. But that is not the law; the master, in such a case, will be liable, and the ground is, that he has put it in the servant's power to mismanage the carriage,' by intrusting him
with it." Although, among the numerous cases on this subject, some
may be found (such as the case of Lamb v.Palk, 9 C. & P. 629) in which the court have made some distinctions which are rather subtile and astute, as to when the servant may be said to be acting in the- employ of his master; yet we find no case which asserts the doctrine that a master is not liable for the acts of a servant in his employment, when the particular act causing
the injury was done in disregard of the general orders or special command of the master. Such a qualification of the maxim of respondeat superior,-would, in a measure, nullify it. A large proportion of the accidents on railroads are caused by the negligence of the servants or agents of the company. Nothing but the most stringent enforcement of discipline, and the most exact and perfect obedience to every rule and order emanating from a superior, can insure safety to life qnd property. The intrusting such a powerful and dangerous engine as a locomotive, to one who will not submit to control, and render implicit obedience to orders, is itself an act of negligence, the "causa causans" of the 'Mischief; while the proximate cause, or the ipsa negligentiawhich produces it, may truly be -said, inmost cases, to be thedisobedience 9 f orders, by the servant so intrusted. If such disobedienbe could be set up by a ra'ilroad company as a defence, when charged with negligence, the.
remedy of the injured party would in most cases be illusive, discipline would be relaxed, and the danger to the life and limb of the traveller greatly enhanced. Any relaxation of the strin.gent policy and principles of the law affecting such cases, would
be highly detrimental to the public safety. The judgment .of the Circuit Courtis"therefore affirmed.,

SUPREME COURT.
Webster v. Cooper.
Mr. Justice DANIEL dissents from the decision of this court in this car , upon the ground that the said railroad company being a corporation, created by the State of Pennsylvania, is not capable of pleading or being impleaded, under the 2d section of the 3d article of the constitution, in any of the courts of the United States; and that therefore the Circuit Court could not take cognizance of the controversy between that corporation and the plaintiff in that court.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard, on the transcript of the record, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, and adjudged, by this court, that the judgment of the said circuit court, in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs and interest until the same is paid at the same rate per annum that similar judgments bear in the courts of the State of Pennsylvania.
HENRY WEBSTER, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. PETER COOPER
A will, executed in 1777, which devised certain lands in Maine, to trustees and their heirs to theuse of Richard (the son of the testator) for life, remainder, for his life in case of forfeiture, to the trustees to preserve contin.,ent remainders,; remainder to the sons of Richard, if any. as-tenants in common in tail, with cross remainlers; remainder to Richard's daughter Elizabeth, for life; remainder to trustees to preserve contingeut remainders during her life,; remainder to the sons of Elizabeth in tail-did not v6st the legal estate in fee simple in the trustees. The life cstat6 of Richard, and the contingent remainders limited thereon, were legal estates.
No duties were imposed on the trustees which could prevent the legal estate in these lands from vesting in the cestuis ,pze use; and although such hties might have been required of'them relating to other lands in-the devise, yet this circumstance would not control the construction of the devise as to these lands.
The devise to Elizabeth for life, remainder to her sons a3 tenants in common, share and share alike, and to the heirs of their bodies, did nct give an estate tail to Elizabeth, under the rule in Shelly's case. But upon her death, her son (the party to the suit) took as a purchaser, an estate tail in one moiety of the land, as a telant in common with his brother.
One~of the conditions of the devise was, that this party, as soon as he should come into possession of the lands, should take the name of %hetestator. But as he had not yet come into possession, and it was a condition subsequent, of which only the person to whom the lands were devised over, coild tate advantage, a non-comnpliance with it was ,no defence, in an action brought to recover possession of the land.
The son, taking an estate tail, at the death of ElizabetI, in 1845, could maintain a writ of, entry, and until that time had no right of pobsssion. Consequently, the adverse possession of the occupant only began then.
In 1848, the Legislature of Maine passed an act declaring that no real or mixed action should be-commenced or maintained against any person in possession of lands,

50-

SUPREME COURT.

Bosley et al. v. Bosley's Executrix.

to the said Cunningham, on his paying or tendering to them
the minimum price of the public land, with interest from tl sixth of June, 1838, the time the above entries were made, to one half of the above quarter section, by east and west, or n6rth arid south lines, so as to include his improvement on the quarter
section, or, if such a division cannot be made, that they convey to him, as aforesaid, a joint interest of one half in the quarter section.
And the court order that ne decree shall in no respect affect any right which may or does exist, under the New Madrid locations, in the defendants or other persos, if any there be.

Order.
This -cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed, by this court, thalt the dcree of the said Supreme Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Supreme Court, for, further proceedings to be had therein in conformity to the opinion of this court.

MARY LUCINDA BOSLEY, HENRY BOSLEY, MARY JANE DAVIS,
SALLY 'ANN DAVIS, JAMES BOSLEY AND MELDRID BOSLEY,
(INFANTS,) BY THEIR GUARDIAN AND NEXT FtIIEND JOHN Bos-
LEY, AND JOHN BOSLEY SON OF THE SA:(D.JOHN, V. IMIARGA-
RET E' WYATT, EXECUTRIX OF ELIZABETH N. BOSLEY, DE-
CEASED.
James Bosaiy, in his will, after sundry specific devises and bequests, devised and bequeathed all his lands and other real estate in Baltimore, Cecil, and Alleghany counties, in Maryland, and also in Florida, and his house and lot in Santa Croix, and. all the real estate he might have elsewhere, to his wife Elizabeth, her heirs and assigns, in trust to sell the same and divide the net pro.eeds thereof, with all the residue of his estate, equally between herself and the children of his brother.
After making his will, he sold all of the lands, particularly mentioned in the residuary clause of the will above stated, except some lands lying in Baltimore county. At the time of making the codicil hereafter-mentioned, he held some of the proceeds of these sales in bonds and other securities, and vith the residue had purchased other property.
He afterwards made a codhil, by which he devised his summer residence, in Baltimore county, to his wife, and also the securities he held for the lands sold in Cecil county, and directed all the property he had acquired after the date of his will to be sold, and the proceeds to be qually dividbd between his wifa and her sister Margaret. Then followed a residuary clause in the following words:

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

391

Bosley et al. v. Bosley's Executrix.

"Lastly, my pew in St. Paul's Church and all my other property, real or personal, and all monev in bank belonging to me at the time of my decease, I give, devise and bequcathe unto my said wife Elizabeth and her heirs forever; and 1 ratify and confirm my said last will in every thing except where the same is hereby revoked and altered as aforesaid."
The residuary clause in this codicil is inconsistent with that in the will, and consequently rev'okes it. But the devise of the property, specifically mentioned in the will, is not revoked by the clause in the codicil.
After the execution of the codicil, the testator agreed to lease some land for the term
of ninety-nine years, renewable forever, a ground rent being reserved upon th6 same. The lcssee was to pay cash for a part; and the residue of the purchase-money was to remain on interest, as ground rent, which the lessee could extinguish at any time by the payment of the principal sum.
This property was a part of that which was specifically mentioned in the will, and not revoked by the clause in. the codicil.
But the conduct of the testator, in making this agreement so altered the condition of the property that it amounted to a revocation of the devise, and Wanifests an intention on his part, when taken in connection with other circumstances of the case, to give it to his wife under the residuary clause in the codicil.

THis was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United
States for the District of Maryland. The bill was filed by the plaintiffs in error, who were the
children of Dr. John Bosley, mentioned in the will of James Bosley.
That part of the will which gave occasion to the controversy is stated in the opinion, as are also the material facts in the
case. The Circuit Court decided that the residuary devise in the
will was revoked by the residuary clause in the codicil; that the devise of the property, specifically mentioned in tie will, was not revoked by the clause in the codicil, and ordered an account to be taken of such part as remained subject to the trust, one half of the proceeds whereof to be paid over to the complainants; and that the tpstator's agreement, made after the date of the will and the codicil, to lease a part of that real estate for a term of ninety-nine years- the principal sum payable at the option of the lessee, operated to revoke the'devise as to that part.
From this decree, the complainants appealed to -this court.

It was argued by .1. Mllayer, for the appellants, and .1r. Ctrnpbell and 1.'r. ohnson, for the appellees.

1r'. Mayer, for the appellants, made the following points. 1.- The final clause of the codicil institutes no new 1 siduary
devisee and legatee; and the words supposed to effect that, are
not the appropriate, nor any constructive phrase, for a residuary dispositio i in a will; and those words (which are, " all other my property, real -or personal,") must be construed either- 1st, to comprise all property "other" than the pew, and so to pur-
port to annul all devises and bequests of will and codicil,

892

SUPREME COURT.

Bosley et al. v. -Bosley's Executrix.

except those in favor of Mrs. Bosley; which result must condemn 'the paragraph as incongruous and absurd; br, 2dly, to point to only property ejusden generis with the pew, and with tbg real property just.in a preceding clause given to Mrs. Bosley and Miss Noel, and being the acquisitions subsequent to the date of the will; or, 3dly, must be rejected altogether as incapable of any consistent or reasonable application; or, as militating against the general intent of the testator, of dedicating his estate (with but small'exceptions) t6 the children of John
Bosley, and to Mrs. Bosley. 3 P. Wms. 112; 3 At . 61; 3 My. & Cr. 661; 1 Eq. Ca. Abr. 301; pl. 14; 1 Bro. 0.C. 127,
39; 1 Russ. 146; 2 Atk. 113; 1 Jarman, 395, '9, 417; Greenl. Cruise [Devises] 133 and note to ch. 8, §39; 6 Watts, 192; 3
Peters, 117, 118; 11 Gill & J. 206; 2 Paige, 22,; 8 Mass. 3; 11 Ed. 528; 22 Maine, 257, 413; 4 B. & Cres. 620; 2 Wins. .x'r., 7"Q 790,; 6 Peters, 83, 84; 5 Ves. 247; 10 Wheat. 239;
13 Peters, 173; 5 Ves. Jr. 247; 21 E. C. L. 352; 1 Jarman, 594,
595, 596. 2. The paragraph acverted to, is no r3siduary disposition;
because, a specific bequest follows it tc Mrs. Bosley, which would be utterly needless and idle, if it were preceded by the supposed all-comprehending residuary appropriation. 13 Ves.
Jr. 39; 1 Russ. 149 ; 3 Atk. 61; 1 Jarman, 595, 598, 599, 600. 3. There is, by those words, no revocation of thM residuary
devise and bequest of the will, because, the codicil, in erms following those woids, confirms the will, except where the same is (by the codicil) "revoked and altered." The testator intro. duces several express rev"cations into his codicil; and to only those revocations must he be understood to refer - and to modi-
fications, by name of "alterations," of his will -for any interferences -with ,the will, as meant to be revoked, or affecte- by
the codicil. If the words in question touch at all the residfiary disposition of the will, they must affect it only as a revocation; and, leaving out of view mere modifications, or "altera-
tions," the inquiry is, what revocation the testator meant should trench upon the broad confirmation -his codicil gives to the
will, thus declared as of continuing force? The will speaks
anew frpm the date of the codicil, even without any confirmatory reference to it in the codicil, and the two acts are thus intimately allied; and any revocation of any part of the will,
imputed. tq the codicil, must, be by wcfds as precise and unequivocal, and positive, as are the terms of the digpositions sup-
posed to be revoked. The testator has given his own limitation to the effect of his
"alterings" "'of his will, or of any estat6 'disposed of .by it, by
declaring, in the codicil, that where Mrs. Bosley, (under the

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.:
Bosley et al. v. Bosley's Executrix.
clause next to the last,) shall "alter" any estate, it shall nevertheless take the course prescribed in the will, and that "alteration" is not, in his view, and by the law of his will, the same as revocation; and he thus precludes the idea that he had in view any revocations but those he had expressly declared in the codicil. -3 Mason, 486; 10 B. & Cres. 895, (21 E. C. L. 192); 3 Pick. 216; 5 Johns. C. R. 534; 1 Wins. Ex'rs, 114, 116 ; ,21 Brig. C. L. R. 352; 4 Kent, 531; 8 Cowen, 58; 1 Jarman, 189, 395; 2 How. Rep: 580.
4. The will and codicil being thus blended and co6perative, the codicil avails as a republication of the will, except where such an inference at law is, by the express terms or necessary construction of the codicil, excluded. The will, in this relation to the codicil, is to be treated as if inserted ir; the, codicil. If so, if even there be those contradictory residuary dispositions, the residuary estate must, as modern adjudications now deal with such contrariant clauses, be shared by the parties
named or embraced in both clauses. This construction would virtually restore the residuary clause of the will, as the only rule; because, as under the construction just asserted, Mrs. Bosley and the children, the subjects of the two clauses, share equally, by the will, in the residiary estate. 14 Pick. Rep. 521; 6 Johns. C. R. 375; 3 My. & Cr. 376; 1 Jarman, 202, 397, 412; 2 Atk. 374; 2 My. & Keen, 165; Yelv'. 209; 'Cro. Eliz. 9; Greenl. Cruise, (Dev.) 149, (marg.); 10 B. & Cres. 895, (21 E. C.-L. 192.)
5. The agreement of the testator to lease a part of his land in Baltimore county, had not the effecf to revoke the devise of that part of the land in favor of the complainants, and only modified the devise so as to give the rent and reversion on the lease, in place of the land. This construction applies also to the lot and house by the will devised to " Old Sarah," and, subsequently to the codicil, agreed to be leased to William Hollins, as stated in the defendant's schedule. The privilege, accorded by the agreement of lease, to extinguish the rent and so acquire the reversion, does not render the transaction a sale, and give to the contracting lessee the equitable fee of the land. If the agreements for leasing revoked the devises of these pieces of property, then the testator died intestate as to them; the agreements dating after the codicil. Greenl. Cruise, 105.
109, (note to 106); 2 Ves. Jr. 428; 1 Jarman, 167,,171, 172; 4 Kent, 530; 7 T. R. 399; S. C. 1 B. & Pull. 576; Cro, Car. 23;
Cro. Jac. 49; 1 Vera. 97; P Bro. Parl. Ca. 12; 2 Chipman, 74;
4 Greenl. 241; 3 Ves. Jr. 685; 1 Maryland Ch. Decis. 36; ro Eliz. 9.

SUPREME COURT.
Bosley et al. v. Boslcy's Executrix
The counsel for the appellee made the following points. 1. That the residuary clause in the codicil revokes the residuary clause in the will. 4 Black. 381; 4 Kent, 535, (note); 3 Greenl. Cruise, 139 ; Rowley v. Eyton, 2 Mer. 128; Rogers v. Pettis, 1 Addams, (Prerog.) 30. 2. That the decree of the court below was right; because, if no part of the specific property devised by the last clause in the will, which contains also the residuary devise, was not revdked by the last clause in the codicil, a large part of that specific property was subsequently disposed of, by the testator, and othei parts of it otherwise specifically devised by the codicil. 3. Be-cause that portion of such property so specifically devised by said last clause in the will, his lands in Baltimore county, was revoked by the testator's agreement of lease, afterwards executed by Mrs. Bosley, by her lease to Armstrong, on the 18th of January, 1845, for the term of ninpty-nine years, renewable forever. 7 Bac.. Ab. tit. Wills and Testaments, G. 344; 4 Kent, Com. 528 to 530, and cases there cited, 6 ed.; Colegrave v. Manley, 6 Madd. 84; Ward v. Moore, 4 Madd. 368; 5 Pick. 112; 7 Johns. Ch. Rep. 261.
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.
The dispute in this case arises out of the will and codicil of James Bosley, late of the city of Baltimore. The will was executed in 1828, and the codicil in 1839. -Ie died in December, 1843;
In his will, after sundry specifip devises and bequests, he devised and bequeathed all his lands and other real estate, in Baltimore, Cecil, and Alleghany counties, in Maryland, and also in Florida, find his house and lot in Santa Croix, and all the real estate he might have elsewhere, to his wife Elizabeth N. Bosl~y, her heirs and assigns, ir trust'to sell the same to the best advantage, and directed the net proceeds, together with all the residue of his estate, real, personal, and mixed, not therein before devised, to be equally divided-one half to his wife, and the other to the children of his byother, Dr. John Bosley. After making his will, arid previous to the codicil, he sold all of the lands particularly mentioned in the residuary clause of the will above stated, except some lands lying in Baltimore county, and except also his, Florida land and part of that in Alleghany county, of which it seems he had been unable to obtain possession. And at the time of making the codicil, he held some of the proceeds of. these sales in bonds and other securities, and with the residue had purhased other property.
By the codicil h&devised his summer residence, situated in

DECE BER TERM, 1852.

395

Bosley et al. v. Bosloy's Executrix.

Baltimore county, to his wife, and also'the securities he held for the lands sold in Cecil county, - and directed all the property he bad acquired after the date of his will to be sold and the proceeds to be equally divided between his wife and her sister, Margaret ,.Noel. Then follows a residuary clause in the following words:
"Lastly, my pew in St. Paul's Church, and all my other property, real or personal, and all money in bank belonging to me at the time of my decease, I give, devise and bequeathe unto my said wife Elizabeth N. Bosley, and her heirs forever; and I ratify and confirm my said last will in every thing except, where the same is hereby revoked and altered as aforesaid."
Upon this vwill and codicil, the appellants, who are the children of Dr. John Bosley, claim the one half of this personal property left by the testator at his death, and also one half of the lands not specifically devised, upon the ground that the residuary clause in the will is not revoked by that in the codicil.
This claim is altogether untenable. The residuary clause in the codicil is inconsistent with that in the will, and consequently revokes 4t.
!1'here is another claim, however, which presents a question of
more difficulty. It appears that at the time of making his will the testator
held, in fee-simple, fifty acres of land in BaltimQre county; and that in 1842, after the execution of the codicil, he entered into a contract with a certain Horatio G. Armstrong, whereby he covenanted that in consideration of the payment of two thousand dollars, at the times specified in the agreement, and the annual ground rent of two hundred and ten dollars, payable semiannually, he would lease the said land to Armstrong, his executors, administrators, and assigns, for ninety-nine years, renewable forever, with the right to the said Armstrong to extinguish the ground rent, upon the payment of three thousand five hundred dollars at any time, to the said James Bosley, his
heirs and assigns. The testator died before the cash payments were made; and the money was afterwards received by his. widow, and the lease executed by her according to the termsof. the covenant.
As this was a part of the land in Baltimorp county, aid was therefore specifically devised in the residuary clause of thq will, it was not revoked by the general devise of the residue bf his real and personal property in the codicil. The question theref6re is, whether the contract with Armstrong was an implied revocation of the devise in the will.
The adjudged cases upon implied revocations are collected together in 4 Kent's Com. 628, pnd the rule he deduces from

396

SUPREME COURT.

Bosley et al. v. Bosley's ExL3ctrix.

them is this, "that the same' interest which the testatnr had when he made his will should 'ontinue to be the same- interest, and remain unaltered to his death, and that the least alteration in that interest is a revocation." A valid agreement or covenant to convey, which equity will specifically enforce, will ope-
rate in equity as a revocation of a previous dpise of the land. Walton v. Walton, 7 Johns. Ch. Rep. 258.
Iii the case before us, the interest which the testator had in
this land at the time of making his will, was converted into money byhis contract with Armstrong. It was a sale and an agreement to convey his whole interest in the land. It is therefore unlike the case of a lease for years, or of ninety-nine years
renewable forever, in which the lessor retains the reversionand doesrlrot bind himself to convey it on any terms to the lessee.
The form of the contract adopted in this instance, between the testator and Armstrong, is in familiar use in the sale of lots in the city of Baltimore and the adjacent country. It has nearly if not altogether superseded the old forms of contract where the vendor conveyed the lands'and took a mortgage to secure the payment of the, purchase-money -or gave his bond for the
conveyance and retained the. legal title in himself until the purchase-money was paid. And it has taken the place of these forms of coritract, because it is far more convenient. both to the
seller and the pbrchaser. For it enables the vendee to postpone the payment of a large portion of the purchase-money until he Tfinds it entirely convenient to pay it; and at the same time it is more advantageous to the vendor, as it gives him a better security for the punctual payment of the interest; and while an extpnded credit is given to the vendee, it is to the vendor a sale for cash. For if his ground rent is well secured, he can at any time sell it in the market, for the balance of 'the purchasemoney left in the hands of the vendee. It wxKibellobserved that the rent.reserved is precisely the interest cn the amount of the purchas'e-money remaining unpaid. And when it must be admitted that a sale in which a bond of conveyance is given, and
-the title retained by the vendor, to secure the payment of the purchase-money, is-in equity a revocation, there would seem to be no good reason for holding otherwise in the case before us, where the vend6r is equally bound to convey when the whole purchase-money is paid. A distinction between the cases wvould rest on a difference in form rather than of substance and principle. It would moreover make the revocation depend upon the w.ll, of a stranger, and not upon that of the testator. For if Armstrong had paid to him in his lifetime, the whole amount of the" purchase-money, as he had a right to do under the con-

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

397

Bosley et al. v. Bosley's Executrix.

tract, it is very clear that the devise would then have been re-

voked, And if the purchaser's omission to pay prevents the

contract from being a revocation, the validity of -the devise is

made to depend, not upon the will or the act of a testator, but

that of a stranger, over-which the testator has no control. We

think a distinction leading to that result cannot be maintained,

and that the devise in question was revoked by the contract

with Armstrong.

The counsel for the appellants, however, contends, that if the

will is revoked, and the land converted into money, yet there

was a legal reversionary interest remaining in him; and that the

rent reserved, being incident to the reversion' and pertaining to

the realty, cannot pass under a bequest of money or personal

estate.

But it must be remembered that the residuary clause in the

codicil gives to his wife all his real as well as personal property,

not otherwise disposed of; and therefore is broad enough to

embrace the interest in question, although, in contemplation of

raw, it belongs to the realty.

We do not mean to say, that every residuary clause in a

codicil will pass land specifically devised in a will, where, by

some act of the testator, the devise is impliedly revoked after

the codicil was executed. There are adjudged cases upon cer-

tain wills where it has been held otherwise. But whether the

property passes to the devisee or descends to the heir, as in a case

of intestacy, must depend upon the intention of the testator, to

be gathered from the will and codicil. It is blways necessarily

a question of intention. No two wills, probably, were ever writteh

in precisely the same language throughout; nor any two teita-

tors die under the same circumstances in relation to their estate,

family, and friends. And it would be very unsafe as well as

unjust to expound the will of one man, by the construction

which a court of justice had given to that of another, merely

because similar words were used in paticular parts of it.

Undoubtedly there are fixed rules of law in relation to the

construction of certain Wvords and phrases in a will, which have

been established by a' long course of judicial decisions; and

which have become landmarks of property, and cannot there-

fore be disturbed. But in most of the cases in which they have

been applied, it is to be feared that they havze not accomplishea,

but defeated, the testator's intentions.

They owe their origin to the principles of the feudal system,

-which always favored the heir at law) because it was its policy

to perpetuate large estates in the same family. And, acting

upon this principle, the English courts of justice have, in some

instances, placed the narrowest possible construction on the

VOL. XIV.

34

SUPREME COURT.
Bosley et al. v. BRsley's F:xecutrix.
words of a will. And a testator sometimes being held to die intestate as to portions of his property, and left it to descend to his'heir, when a fair and reasonable interpretation, according to the ordinary acceptation of the words used, plainly showed that the whole.estate was intended to be devised to another.
It has not been the disposition of courts of justice, in modern times, to extend the application of these rigid technical rules; but rather to carry out the intention of the testator, when no fixed rule of legal interpretation stands ia the way. And this is, and ought to be, more especially the case in this country.
For wills here are most frequently drawn by persons unacquainted with legal phraseology, and ignorant of the meaning which the law attaches to the words they use. The property devised is, perhaps, in the greater number of cases, the fruits of the testator's own industry. " And the policy and institutions of the country are adverse tp the feudal policy of favoring the heir at the expense of the devisee; and of construing, for that purpose, the words of the will in their most restricted sense, although that construction obviously defeats the intention of the testator.
But the question, arising upon this will and codicil, does not depend upon any word or phrase to which the law has affixed a certain and definite meaning. The words used are legally sufficient to pass the property to his widow, and the only question is, was that his intention, as we gathEr it from the will and codicil, considered together? We think it was.
Eleven years elapsed between the date of the will and that of the codicil. The situation of the testa'or's property had undergone considerable changes during that time; and his mind also had materially changed as to the manner of disposing of it. The lands mentioned in the residuary clause of his will, had, with a very small exception, been sold. And the property he purchased with the proceeds of these sales or otherwise acquired after the date of the will, was devised by the codicil to his wife and her sister, and not, as before, divided between his wife and his brother's children; and the whole of his personal estate is given exclusively to his wife, instead of the one half only bequeathed in the will. The land, which has given rise to this controversy, was also sold by the testator in his lifetime, and two thousand dollars of the purchase-money had become personalty, and as such, unquestionably passed to the wife, by the residuary clause in the codicil. The testator's remaining interest in this property, was also money, and not land; but by reason of the form- in which he contracted to sell it, this portion of the money belonged to the realty. It is impossible to suppose, after looking at these bequests to his wife, that he meant to die intestate of this money, and to divide this small portion

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

399

Bosley et al. v. Bosley's Executrix.

of his estate in two parts, giving her the two thousand dollars, but withholding from her the residue, and leaving it to be claimed by whoever might chance to be his heir at law at the time of his death. On the contrary, it is manifest, from the whole context of the will and codicil, that he did not mean to die intes.tate of any portion'of his property; and that what did not pass to others by a specific devise or bequest, should go to his wife. The codicil is evidently drawn by unskilful hands, and therefoid, according to settled principles of law, must receive a fair and
liberal interpretation to accomplish the intent. And as that intent is apparent in favor of the widow, it ought not to be defeated by a narrow and technical construction of particular
words.
It was suggested, in the argument, that the appellants might be entitled to a remainder in fee, in the two lots on which, it
would seem from the will and the codicil, that two old servants of the testator were living. But this point, very properly, was
not pressed. For the lots mentioned inthat clause of the will, in which a remainder in fee is given to the appellants after the death of Mrs. Bosley, are lots on which there were improvements, and which yielded an income. The lots in question were not
of that description. They yielded no income, and cohsequently are not embraced in that devise.
Upon the whole, therefore, we think the decree of the Circuit Court was right, and must be affirmed.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on-the trangcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the *District of Maryland, and was argued by counsel., On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed, by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed with costs.
Dissenting, Mr. Justice GRIER.

SUPREME COURT.
Webster v. Cooper.
Mr. Justice DANIEL dissents from the decision of this court in this car , upon the ground that the said railroad company being a corporation, created by the State of Pennsylvania, is not capable of pleading or being impleaded, under the 2d section of the 3d article of the constitution, in any of the courts of the United States; and that therefore the Circuit Court could not take cognizance of the controversy between that corporation and the plaintiff in that court.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard, on the transcript of the record, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, and adjudged, by this court, that the judgment of the said circuit court, in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed, with costs and interest until the same is paid at the same rate per annum that similar judgments bear in the courts of the State of Pennsylvania.
HENRY WEBSTER, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. PETER COOPER
A will, executed in 1777, which devised certain lands in Maine, to trustees and their heirs to theuse of Richard (the son of the testator) for life, remainder, for his life in case of forfeiture, to the trustees to preserve contin.,ent remainders,; remainder to the sons of Richard, if any. as-tenants in common in tail, with cross remainlers; remainder to Richard's daughter Elizabeth, for life; remainder to trustees to preserve contingeut remainders during her life,; remainder to the sons of Elizabeth in tail-did not v6st the legal estate in fee simple in the trustees. The life cstat6 of Richard, and the contingent remainders limited thereon, were legal estates.
No duties were imposed on the trustees which could prevent the legal estate in these lands from vesting in the cestuis ,pze use; and although such hties might have been required of'them relating to other lands in-the devise, yet this circumstance would not control the construction of the devise as to these lands.
The devise to Elizabeth for life, remainder to her sons a3 tenants in common, share and share alike, and to the heirs of their bodies, did nct give an estate tail to Elizabeth, under the rule in Shelly's case. But upon her death, her son (the party to the suit) took as a purchaser, an estate tail in one moiety of the land, as a telant in common with his brother.
One~of the conditions of the devise was, that this party, as soon as he should come into possession of the lands, should take the name of %hetestator. But as he had not yet come into possession, and it was a condition subsequent, of which only the person to whom the lands were devised over, coild tate advantage, a non-comnpliance with it was ,no defence, in an action brought to recover possession of the land.
The son, taking an estate tail, at the death of ElizabetI, in 1845, could maintain a writ of, entry, and until that time had no right of pobsssion. Consequently, the adverse possession of the occupant only began then.
In 1848, the Legislature of Maine passed an act declaring that no real or mixed action should be-commenced or maintained against any person in possession of lands,

DECEMBER TERM. 1852.

Webster v. Cooper.

where such person had been in actual possession for more than forty years, claiming to hold the same in his own right, and which possession should have been dverse, open, peaceable, notorious, and exclusive. This act was passed two years after the suit was commenced.
The effect of this act was to Taake the seisin of the occupant during the lifetime of Elizabeth, adverse against her son, when he had no right of possession.
This act, which thus purported to take away property from one man and vest it in another, was contrary to the constitution of the State of Maine, as expounded by the highest courts of law in that State. And as this court looks to the decisions of the courts of a State to explain its statutes, there is no reason why it should not also look to them to expound its constitution.

Tnis case was brought up, by writ .of error, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Maine.
The facts are set forth in the opinion of the court.
Upon t:.e trial in the Circuit Court, the demandant's (Web-

ster's) counsel, prayed the court to instruct the jury as follows:

1. That the act of the Legislature of Maine, of the year

1848, ch. 87, is not applicable to any case in which the -title of

the demandant had accrued before the passage of said act.

2. That said act is not applicable to the present action, the

same having been commenced before the passage of said act.

3. That said act is void, because it is in violation of the con-

"stitution of the State of Maine, (Art. 1, § 21,) and because it

is retrospective in its operation upon vested ights of the de-

mandant.

4. That said act is void, because it is in violation of the Con-

stitution of the United States, as being a law impairing the ob-

ligation of contracts.

5. That by the true and legal construction of the will of Flo-

rentius Vassall, said Elizabeth Vassall took only an estate for

life in the demanded premises.

6. That by the true and legal construction of the will of

Florentius Vassall, the demandant took a remainder in tail male,

as tenant in comm-n with said Henry Edv;'ard Fox, in the de-

manded premises expectant on the life estate of said Elizaketh

Vassall.

7. That the demandant is not barred from recovering one uft-

divided half of the demanded premises by the statutes of limit-

ation of the States of Maine or Massachusetts, or any of them.

S. That if the demandant shows a right to recover one un-

divided half of the demanded premises, he may recover the same

under the writ in this case, although he therein demands the

whole of said dehaanded premises.

9. That it is not necessary, for the purpose of enabling the

demandant to recover in this action, that heshould have taken

the name of Vassall.

F. DEXTER and E. H-. DAvEIS,

Counsel for.Itenry Webster.

490

SUP REMIE COURT.

Webster v. Cooper.

But the honorable Judges, who presided. at the said trial, de-

clined to give to the jury any of the said instructions so prayed

for by the demandant's counsel; but, on the contrary thereof,

did instruct the jury, that by the true and lawful construction of

the said will of Florentius Vassall, no legal estate in the de-

manded premises, or any part thereof, was ever vested in the

demandant, but that, if the legal estate in the demanded pre-

mises was, and by force anl effect of the said will, vested in

any person or persons, it was thereby vested and continued to

be in the trustees named in said will, viz., Lord Viscount Fal-

mouth, Lord Viscount Barrington, and Charles Spooner, Esq.,

the survivors and survivor of them, and the heirs of such survi-.

vor; and that, therefore, the demandant could not maintain the

,present action to recover the same, and that it was, therefore,

unnecessary to instruct the jury upon the other points mentioned

in the demandant's prayer for instructions; whereas the said

counsel for the demandant respectfully insist that the sid

Judges ought not so to have instructed the jury, but ought to have

instructed them upon the matters and in the manner prayed for

by the said counsel as aforesaid; and they did, therefore, except

in law to the said instruction and said refusal of the said Judges;

and, inasmuch as'the several matters aforesaid do not appehr by

the record of said verdict; the said counsel have made and ten-

dered to the said Judges this, their bill of exceptions, and pray

that the same may be allowed. SAll which being considered, and found conformable to the

truth of' the case, the presiding Judge has allowed this bill of

exceptions, and hatli thereto put his seal, this 28th day of April,

in the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

[sEAL.]

LEvi WOODBURY,

A s. us. Sup. Court.

The case was argued in this court by .iir.Daveis, with whom was 111r. Dexter, for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr. Allen, for
the defehdant in error.

The counsel for the plaintiff in error, made the following points:
1. A devise to A, and his heirs, to the use of, or in trust for B, vests the legal-estate immediately in B. 2 Jarm. on Wills,
196, 198, 199; Hill on Trustees._P.art 2, ch. 1, p. 229; 1 Greenl. Cruise, 346-7, note; Webster v. Gilman, 1 Story's R. 499, 515.
2. Where duties are imposed on the trustees which make it necessary that they should take the legal estate, the extent and duration of.that estate are limited to exactly that quantity of
interest which the purposes of the ttust require. 2 Jarm. 213;

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

491

Webster v. Cooper.

Hill on Trustees, Part 2, ch. 2; 1 Greenl. Cruise, 348, note; Doe v. Ironmonger, 3 East, 533; Robinson v. Grey, 9 East, 1; CuAis v. Price, 12 Ves. 89; Doe v. hicks, 7 T. R. 433; Doe V. Barthorp, 5 Taunt. 382, 395; Doe v. Simpson, 5 East, 163; 1
RilRl.eal Prop. clh. 22, § 21, and §§ 27 to 31. 3. There are no duties imposed on the trustees by the will. in
this case, in relation to the demanded premises, nor is there 'any other expression of the intention of the testator to give them
the legal estate. 4. The only duties imposed are, by the terms of the will, ex-
pressly confined to other lands, viz., to the Friendship and Green-
wich plantations. And the purposes of those duties have been fully performed and discharged.. Whether the trustees took a
legal estate in those plantations at any time, may depend on the local law in Jamaica. Under our laws they would take but a chattel interest, as they were only to apply the rents and profits.
Hill on Trustees, 240, 241, and cases cited to the second point. 5. The successive remainders limited to the use of the same
trustees, to preserve contingent remainders in case of forfeitu-re, show that it was not the intention of the testator that the legal estate should vest in them originally. Curtis v. Price,'12 Ves. 100; Dge v. Hicks, 7 T. R. 433, 437; Fearne, Cont. Rem. 177, 178; Hill on Trustees, 240-1.
6. The act of Maine, 1848, ch. 87, is void as impairing the
obligation of contracts. Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch, 87, 137; 3. Story on Const. § 1385.
7. It is void, as it takes away vested rights. Wilkinson v.
Leland, 2 Pet. S. C. R. 657, 658, Story, J.; Society, &c. v. Wheeler, 2 Gall. 105, 141; Ham v. McClaws, 1 Bay, 93; Bowman v. Middleton, 1 Bay, 252; Dash v. Van Kleek, 7 Johns.
502, Kent, Ch. J.; Call v. Hagger, 8 Mass. 423; 1 Kent, 455.
Taking away all remedy, is taking away the right. Bronson v. Kinzie, 1 How. 317, 318; Bruce v. Schuyl&r, 4 Gilmani R. 221, 277 ; Story on Const. §-1379 ; Sturges v. Crowninshield, 4
Wheat. 207; Gilmer v. Shooter, 2 Mod. R. 310. 8. It is void as against the constitution of Maine. Proprie-
tors, &c. v. Laborce, 2 Greenl. 275, 29-t; Oriental Bank v. Freeze, 18 Me. R. 109, 112; Austin v. Stevens, 11 Shepley, 520; Constitution of Iaine, Art. 1, §§ 1, 19, 21.
9. The will in this case gave a life estate only in the demanded premises to Elizabeth Vassall, with remainder to her sons as
tenants in common.- Willis v. Hiscox, 4 Myl. & Cr_197; Right v. Creber, 5 Barn. & Cres. 860 ; Doe v. Laming, .2 BurroW,
1100; Backhouse v. Wells, 1 Eq. Abr. 184; White v. Collins, 1
Com. 289; Sisson v. Seabury, 1 Suran. 235; Dingley v. Ding'ley, 5 Mass. 535; Webster v. Gilman,. 1 Story, 499, 514; 2 Jarm. 235, 315; Fearne, Cont. Rem. 150.

SUPREME COURT.
Webster v. Cooper.
10. ",-Sons" aiid "children "'are words of purchase, and not of limitation. 2.Jarm. 343, 344, 852 to 3.56; 1 Rolle's Abridg. 837, pl. 13; Buffar b. Bradford, 2 Atk. 220; Lowe v. Davis, 2 Ld. Raym. 1561;. Goodtitle v. Herring, 1 East, 264; Walker v. Snow, Palm. 59; Archer's case, 1 Coke, 66; Lisle v. Gray, 2 Lev. -223;"Dingley v. Dingley, 5 Mass. R. 535;'1 Fearre, Cont. R. 150, 151.; &c.; 2 Jarm. 301, 302, &c.; Doe v. Simpson, 5 Scott, 770 ; Joev. Webber, 1 B. & Ald. 7.13; Sisson v. Seabury, 1 Sumn. 235.
The word "sons" has been held to control the words "heirs of the body," to make them-words of purchase. Lowe v. Davies, 2 Ld. Raym. '1561; Lisle v. Gray, 2 Lev. 223; Goodtitle v. Herrihg, 1 East, 264; cited 2 Jarm. 301, 302; and also "issue mle;" Mandeville v. Lackey, 3 Ridgr. P. C. 352.
The word "son" in the singular, can crEate an estate tail only when used ds nomen collectivum, and where it is the manifest intention of the testator to give such an estate. Mellish v. Mellish, 2B? & C. 520; -cited 2 Jarm. 320. -
11. The devise to the sons of Elizabeth Vassal as tenants in conion, shows that it was not the testator's intention to give her an estate tail: These words control eveft the words "issue of the body," so that they take as purchasers. Doe v. Burnsall, 6 D,& E. 30; Burnsall v. Davy, 1 Bos. & P. 215; Doe v. Collins. 4 D. & E. 294.
12." The plaintiff's right of entry accrued at the death*of Eliz.abeth, in 1845, and is not Warred by adverse possession. Wells -v.Priice, 9 Mass. 508; Wallingford v. Eearl, 15 Mass. 471; Angell on Lin. 42; 2 Sugd. Vend. 216, 323, 324.
13. The condition of taking the name of Vassal, is subsequent, and no one but the devisee over can *take advantage, of ik- Gulliver v. Ashby, 4 Burrows, 1929; Taylor v. Mason, 9 -Wheat .325,. 349; Finlay v. King's Lessee, 3 Pet. 347, 374 1 Jarm. 80g.
14. The plaintiff can recover a moiety in this action. 6 Dane's Abr. 61 ; Dewey v. Brown, 2 Pick. 387; Somes v., Skinner, 3 Id. 52; Holyoke v, Haskins, 9 Id. 259; 1ev. Stat. Maine, p. 610, §§ 12, 13.
Mr.. All ,. for the defendant in error, made the following points:
1. That there is no error in the Distiict Court in declining to give thr instructions requested-by said plaintiffs in error, as contaIned in the assignment bf errors, from No. I to No. 9, both inclusive. Because,-if there is no error in -the tenth assignment, but the irstruction therein given, was correct, plaintiff in error wa6 not prejudiced by the--withholding the instructions in the

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

493

Webster v. Cooper.

preceding nine requests. Greenleaf v. BIrth, 5 Pet. R. 132;

Binney v. Chas. & Ohio Canal Co. 8 Pet. R. 214; U. S. Bank

v. Planters Bank, Gill & Johns. R. 439; :Wats .& Serg. 391.

2. But if.the instructions in first four assignments of errors

had been material and injurious to plaintiff in error, they Were

correct and not erroneous; that the act of the Legislature of

Maine of the year 1848, ch. 87, is valid and not liable to any

.legal objection, and is not in violation of the constitution of

Maine, Art. 1, § 21, or of the Constitution of the United States.

Phalen v. Virginia,.8 How. U. S.168. " Such acts (Lim.) giv-

ing peace and quiet, may be said4o effect or complete divesture

or transfer of rights, yet as reasons have led to their validity,

cannot be questioned." - Id. S.,P. 585, Mills v. St. Clair County.

" Such laws do not impair the obligation of contracts within

the sense of the Const. U. S." Townsend v. Jemison, 9 Hov'

U. S.407, 419, 420; and cases cited 10 How. U. S.395, 401,

402, Bal. & Susquehanriah R. R. v. Nesbit.

" No real or mixed action for the recovery of any lands in this

State, shall be commenced or maintained against any person in

possession of suc lands, where such person or those under

whom he claims, have been in actual possession for more than

forty years, and claiming to hold the same in his, her, or their

own right, and which possession shall have been adverse, open,

peaceable, notorious, and exclusive. To take effect in one day

after approval." Act of Maine, Aug. 11, 1848.

3. The said act may apply to actions then pending. Thayer

v. Seavey, 11 Maine Rep. 284; Bacon v. Callender, 6 Mass.

Rep. 309; 2 Gall. Rep. 315, 319. Stat. Lim. Rhode Island, no

objection that it went into immediate operation. Story, J.

4. There was no error in the Circuit Court in refusing to give

the instructions in the ,5th and 6th assignment. They were

properly decliued; ard cannot be assigned for error if the in-

struction in the 10th assignment wfs properly given.

5. There is no error in withholding the instructions requested

in thF 7th and 8th assignment. They were rightly withheld;

and plaintiff was not injured thereby. The same may be said of

the 9th instruction, contained in 9th assignment of errors.

6. No error in the Circuit Court in giving the instruction in

the 10th assignment of errors.

1t, The fee-simple and whole legal estate in the premises

was by .the tvill of F. Vassal devised to Lord Falmouth and

others and their heirs, as trustees; this action cannot be main-

tained, not being in their names or that of their heirs. Sanders,

U~es & Trusts, 190-1, 197, 262, 3-4. 2 Jar. on Wills,.198-9,

202; Leicester v. Biggs, 2 Taunt. Rep. 109; Biscoe v. Pperkins,

I Ves. & Bea. 485; White v. Parker, 1 Scott, 542; Hatton v.

VOL. XIV.. -

42

494

SUPREME COURT.

Webster v. Cooper.

Harton, 7 D. & E. 652; Gregory v. Henderson, 4 Taunt. 772; Cursham v. Newland, 2 Mop. & Scott, 113; Tompkins v. Willon, 2 Barn. & Aid. 84; Brewster v. Striker, 2 Comstock's Rep. 19,
and note, 581-2. 2d. The purposes for which the legal estate was originally
devised to the trustees, still continue to exist, viz., to preserve the remainders; viz., to "same trustees" for George Barrington
in tail and his issue male and his issue female. In same manner to Richard Barrington and issue - same manner to William
Barrington and issue; then to testator's granddaughter, Louisa Barrington and her fourth son and 'daughters, then to Rose Hening May and her issue; the words " same trustees" prior to each devise in remainder. On failure of all these to the use of the ministers an& wardens of Westmoreland. 2 Jar. on Wills, 200, 202, 203-228. ' It was the intention of,the testator that the legal estate should remain in the trustees bntil all the remainders should be executed. It is so expressed in the will.
3d. It is agreed that the persons named in said will, or devises in remainder, after the failure of issue of Elizabeth Vas-
sal, or their lineal descendants, are now living. 4th.. Trustees must hold the legal estate, as long as any of
the remainders are outstanding; repetition of devise to same trustees to preserve six now unexecuted remainders, Jar. 222.
5th. Necessary that the trustees should hold the legal estate for other purposes, viz., out of the rents and profits &c., they were to purchase aegroes, cattle and stock, and other utensils.
They were to appoint agents, attorneys, and managers. 2 Barn. & Ald. 84; Id. 554; 2 Jar. 223-5; 6 Barn. & Cress. 420; Morton v.Barrett, 22 Maine Rep. 257. Testator recommends that trustees should appoint his son Richard manager, at their discretion. They are to approve marriage jointures- assumes'
that money will pass through their hands - they may deduct and retain; discretion as to time of paying £10,000- gives L. Falmouth 100 guineas for a ring; the other £50 cash for same purpose. Record,'29.
6th. The imbecility of testator's son Richard and the infancy of his granddaughter Elizabeth is a sufficient reason why he should devise the legal estate to trustees; still less, could he anticipate, with any certainty, the existence of unborn sons of his granddaughter. All the estates were over 3000 miles distant. Not named in the will in what State in New England his lands were situate. Trustees most competent to look" them up. The cestui que trusts most incompetent.
7th. Another object of testator in giving the legal estate to trustees, would be to prevent cestui que trusts from docking the'
entailment and defeating subsequent remainders by common

DECEM1BER TERM£, 1852

495

Webster ;. Cooper.

recovery, without the legal estate, they could make no legal tenant to the precipe.
8th. It is competent for defendant to urge and maintain this objection. And to show the legal title in others, and thereby disprove plaintiff's seisin. Cutler v. Lincoln, 3 Cush. Rep. 128.
Tenant may give in evidence, title of a third person, without claiming under said third person for the purpose of disproving plaintiff's seisin in a writ of entry. Jack. on Real Actions, 157; Stearns on Real Actions, 365, 380-9; Hall v. Stevens, 9
Met. Rep. 418. 9th. In this case, defendant has no need of invoking that
principle; for plaintiff himself introduces the will, by which it is seen that the legal title is in other persons than the plaintiff.
10th. The acquiescence of Lady Holland, the mother- of plaintiff in the open, exclusive, and adverse possession of defendant, and those under whom he claims from the time of her divorce from her first husband, till her decease, (a period, of about fifty years) tends to prove that neither she nor her second
husband ever claimed the legal estate to be in her.
No error in four first assignments. See brief, 2d point. 1. If the court should decide that there is error in the tenth assignment, and that the legal estate is not in the trustees, it is then contended that there is no error in withholding the instructions from the 5th and 9th requests; for if the legal estate was
in the cestti que trusts, Elizabeth, mother of plaintiff, took an estate tail, and not for life only, and she is barred by the Statute of Limitations of Massachusetts and Maine, and so is the plaintiff. Shelly's case, 1 Coke, R. 93; 2 Jar. 241 to 249; Doug. 321, 324; Soule v. Soule, 5 Mass. R. 61; 19 Ves. 175; Mal-
corn v. Malcom, 3 Cush. 472. 2. Plaintiff takes, by limitation under the will, an estate tail.
Co. R. lib. 6, fol. 17, Wyld's case; Robinson v. Robinson, 1
Burr. R. 38; 2 Jar. 271, 272, 287,; Chandler v. Smith, 7 D. & E. 532; Pearson v. Vickers, 5 East, R. 548; Jesson v. Wright, 2
Bligh, R. 258; Coulsou v. Coulson, 2 Strange, R. 1125; Brook v. Astley, 3 Burr. R. 1570; 4 Barn. & Cress. 610; 1 Barn. &
Ald. R. 944; Parkman v. Bowdoifi, 1 Sumn. R. 359; Fearne on Remain. 118, 124; 4 Kent's Com. 214 to 232.
3. Sons, at time of will unborn, words of limitation. Whar-
ton v. Graham, 2 V. Blac'k. R. 1083; 1 Vent. 231, cited by Hale, C. J., in King v. Snelling; Byfield's case, 1 East, R. 229; Doe dem Cook v. Cooper, 2 Barn. & Cress. 524; 2 Barn. & Adol. R. 87; 4 Id. 43; 5 Id. 421; 2 Jar. 394 to 470; 4 Barn. & Cress. 610; 1 Moor6, 682, pl. 939; Sondy's case, 9 Co. R. 127; Imnan v.- Barnes, 2 Gall. 315; 1fi Ves. R. 546. "
Rule in Sh-lly's case in force in Massachusetts till March 8th,

496

SUPREME COURT.

Webster v. Cooper.

1792, 14 years after piobate of this will. Davis v. Hayden, 9
Mass. 514 ; 4 Pick. 206 ; 15 Pick. 104 ; 7 Met. R. 172 ; Id. 425 ; Jones v. Morgan, 1 Brown, C. C. 206, Lord Thurlow. Plaintiff sues as teniant in tail. Shoemaker v. Sheely, 2 Den. 485.

Mr. Justice CURTIS delivered the opinion of the court.

Henry .Webster, an alien, and subject of Great Britain,

brought his writ of entry in the Circuit Court of the United

States for the District of Maine, to recover possession of a par-

cel of land described in the count. He claims title under a will

-of Florentius Vassall. At the trial, the parties agreed on the

-following facts :

"It is agreed, by the parties, that the folowing statement of

facts is true, namnely, that the demanded premises belonged to

the proprietors of the Kennebec Purchase, and were by them

duly granted and assigned to Florentfus Vassall, one of the pro-

prietors in fee, in the year 1756, being included in the grant

recorded in the records of the proprietary.

"That Florentius Vassall made his will September 20th, 1777,

and died at London, 1778, seised of the lands in question, they

then being unoccupied wild lands. The will was afterwards

-duly proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, September

14, 1778, a copy of which will, with its Exemplifications," has

been duly filed and recorded in the Probate Office for the county

of Kennebec; which will was offered in evidence, as copied,

and makes a part of this case. (C.) "Richard Vassall, named in the will, died about 1795, leaving

only one child, Elizabeth Vassall, who married Sir Godfrey

Webster, deceased, about the first day of January, 1793, by

whom she had issue, two sons, namely, Sir Godfrey Vassall

Wbbster, who died iii the lifetime of said Elizabeth, without

issile, and Henry Webster, the dmandant. I Said Elizabeth,

afterwvards, namely, in January,.1796, wa. legally divorced from

her husband, the said Sir Godl~ey Webster, and on the first day

of July, 1797, she was legally joined in marriage with Richard

Henry Fox, afterwards Lord Holland, br whom she had issue,

one son, Henry Edward Fox, who is now living. All charges

upon the land devised have been satisfied, and they are not now

subject to any life estate, estate for years, or outstanding terms,

under the will. Said Lord Holland died on the

1841;

said Lady Holland died in-the fall of the year 1845. The'persons named in said will as devisees in remainder, after the failure

of the issue of said Elizabeth, or their lineal descendants, are

now living In England, as is the said Henry Edward Fox, son

of said Elizabeth. That said. Florentius Vassall, was, at the

time of said grant, a resident in Boston, State of Massachu-

DECEM1BER TERM, 1852.
Webster v. Cooper.
setts; that he, on or before the year 1775, left his said residence, went to England, and never returned; and that neither he, nor any of the devisees named in said will, have ever resided within the limits of the United States since that time. The piremises dernanded, being the matter in dispute, are of greater value than two thousand dollars.
"The tenant, and those from whom he legally derives title co said demanded premises, have been in the quiet, undistairbed, open, notorious, and exclusive possession and occupation of said premises for and during the term of fifty years next preceding the commencement of this action, he and they claiming to hold the same adversely to any claim of said demandant, or any other person, as his and their own property in fee-simple."
These facts, together with the will of Florentius Vassal], made the case. By this will the testator devised three plantations in Jamaica, and all his lands in New England, (which included the demanded premises,) to Lord Falmouth, Lord Bar: rington, and Mr. Charles Spooner, and their heirs, to the uses, upon the trusts, and for the intents and purposes, and with and subject to the powers and provisos therein expressed. The will then proceeds to declare, in respect to all the lands in New England, as follows: To the use of my son, Richard Vassall, for and during his life, and from and after the determination of that estate by forfeiture, or otherwise, during his life, to the use of the three trustees during the life of Richard Vassall, in trust to preserve the contingent uses and estates thereinafter mentioned, and for that purpose to make entries and bring actions as occasion shall require, but nevertheless to permit Richard Vassall to take the rents of the premises to his own use during his life. The testator then declares the remainder, after the death of Richard, to be to the use of the son and sons of Richard, to be equally divided between them, share and share alike, as tenants in common, and not as joint tenants, and to the several and respective heirs male of the bodies of such sons, with cross remainders among them; and in default of such issue male of Richard, subject to a term of years, which it is agreed is not outstanding, to the use of Elizabeth Vassall, the daughter of Richard, for her life, with remainder as before stated to the trustees for the life of Elizabeth to preserve contingent remainders, in case of forfeiture of her life estate; and then follows the provision under which the demandant claims title, which is therefore given in ue words of the will. "And from and-immediately after the decease of the said Elizabeth Vassall, to the one or all and every the son and sons of the said Elizabeth Vassall, to be baarotter to be divjided between or amongst such sons, if more tnan one, share and, share alike, and they to take
42 *

498

SUPREME COURT.

Webster v. Cooper.

as tenants in common, and not as joint tenants, and the severa and respective heirs male of the body and bodies of all anc every such son and sons issuing." Then follow remainders to the other daughters of Richard, as tenants in common in tail
general, with cross remainders; remainder to the daughters of Elizabeth Vassall, as tenants in common in tail general, vith cross remainders, -with successive remainders to George and Richard, and William Barrington, testator's grandsons, for life; remainder to their sons, as tenants in common in tail male; 'remainder to testdtor's granddaughter, Louisa Barrington, for life, and her sons in common in tail male; remainder to her daughters, as tenants in common in tail general; remainder to testator's daughter, Elizabeth Barrington, for life; remainder to her other sons "in tail male successively;" remainder to her future daughters, as tenants in common in tail; r3mainder to testator's nephew May, for life; remainder to his sons in common in tail inale; remainder to his daughters in common in tail; remainder to the minister and wardens, of Westmoreland,' &c.
These are the most material provisions of the will of these lands, and are sufficient to show its general structure, in reference to the questions which have been made concerning its legal effect.
The first of these question is, whether, by force of the will, the demandant took any, and if any, what legal estate in these lands on the decease of his mother, Elizabeth Vassall.
It is'insisted, by the tenant's counsel, that the ,trustees took the legal estate in fee simple, gnd that the estates limited to Richard Vassall for life, and to the others, by way of iemainder, were only equitabl estates, and consequently the demandant
cannot maintain this action. But whether we look to the evident intent of the testator, or
to the settled technical meaning of the language he has employed, we think it clearly appears that the life estate of Richard Vassall and the contingent remainders limited tlF'reon were legal estates, and that the trustees did not hold the fee-simple under
this Will." The instrument was drawn in England, evidently by a skilful draughtsmarr, and is in strict conformity with well-known. precedents. It employs technical language with accuracy, and all the various provisions of the will, though numerous and complicated, compared with the usually simple testamentary dispositions of property in this country, are capable of being clearly understood and fully executed. The substance of the devises of these lands, may be stated to be: to the trustees and their heirs to the use of Richard for life, remain6er, for his life in case of forfeiture, to the trustees to preserve contingent' remainders; remainder to the sons of Richard, if any, as tenants in common

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

499

Webster v. Cooper.

in tail, with cross remainders; remainder to Richard's daughter Elizabeth for life; remainder to trustees to preserve contingent remainders during her life; remainder to the sons of Elizabeth in tail, the demandant being the elder of her two sons.
A devise to the trustees and their heirs to the uses mentioned, carries the legal estate to the cestids que use, unless the will has imposed on the trustees some duty, the performance of which requires the legal estate to be vested in them. And in that case
they would take an estate exactly commensurate with the exigencies of their trust. Morrant v.' Gough,7 B. & C. 206; Ken-
rick v.Lord Beauclerck, 3 B. & P. 178; 10 Bythewood on Con. 214; Jairm. on Wills, 198-9; Nielson v. Lagow, 12 How. 110, 111; 1 Greenl. Cruise, 346-7, note.
The testator has not imposed on the trustees any duties, connected with these lands, which in any way interfere with the existence of legal estates in the different beneficiaries named in the will. On the contrody, the sole duties to be performed by them, in reference to these lands, are to take the life estates, in case of forfeiture, and hold them, so that the future remainder-
men may not be -deprived of the legal estates limited o them by way of contingent remainders, which require the preservation
of the particular estates to support theiii. Whether the trustees took and held any legal estate in either
of the plantations in Jamaica, it is not necessary to determine. It was arguMl that they did, because they have some duties t6
perform concerning two of them, and that the testator employs the same language in devising these two plantations to the
trustees, as he does in devising the lands in New England. But it by no means follows that the same words devising to trustees two parcels of land, must necessarily vest the legal estates in both parcels in the trustees, because they take a legal estate in one of those parcels. They may take a legal estate in one, because subsequent parts of the will require them to do acts in reference to it, which can be done only by the holder of the legal estate, and then the law assigns to them such an estate as the due execution of their trust demands , while at the same time, by force of the statute of uses, or of wills, the other land, as to which no duties are required-of the trustees, goes to the
cestuis que i.se. So far as this will operates on the lands in New England,
there is nothing to prevent the usual and settled operation of a
devise to uses, which is, to vest the legal estate in the cestuis que use; and it is placed beyond all doubt that it was not in-
tended the trustees should hold the fee, because there are express limitations of life estates to them to preserve contingent remainders, which would be wholly-inoperative if they took the

500

SUPREME COURT.

Webster v. Cooper.

fee, and is sufficient of itself to control any doubtful intent, according to Doe v. Icks, 7 T. R. 433; Curtis v. Price, 12
Yes. 100. Our conclusion is that the legal estates in the New England
lands, Were to go to the beneficiaries named in the will. It is further urged by the tenant's counsel, that the legal effeet
of the devise to Elizabeth Vassall for life, remdinder to her sons, as tenants in common, share and share alike, and to the heirs.
of their bodies, gave an estate tail to Elizabeth Vassall, under the rule in Shelly's case, whilh was in force in Massachusetts, withih whose limits these lands lay at the time this will took effect. There is no doubt this rule made part of the law of
Massachusetts until the 8th of March, 1792, when it was abolished by statute, so far as it respects wills. Bowers v. Porter, 4 Pick. 198; Steel v. Cook, 1 Met. 282. But in our opinion, the rule in Shelly's case is not applicable to this devise. That rule is, that when the ancestor, by any gift or conveyance, takes
an estate of freehold, and in the same gift or conveyance an estate is limited, either immediately or mediately, to his heirs in fee or in tail, that the words heirs, &c., are words of limitation,
and not of purchase. Here the life estate is limited to Elizabeth Vassall, and the
remainder to her sons as tenants in common, share and share alike, and the heirs of their bodies. The fee tail is not limited to the heirs in tail of the first taker. The heir in tail was this ,demandant; and the remainder is not limited to him, but to him
and his brother, as tenants in common. :Iits not a question,
therefore, whether the same persons shalt take by descent or purchase, which alone is the matter determined by the rule in Shelly's case; for the two sons could not take an estate tail from their mother as tenan s in common. They mnst take as purchasers, or not take at all; and there is no rule of law which forbids such a devise, nor can the rule in Shelly's case be applied to it. On the contrary, it is well settled that a limitation by
way of remainder to the sons of the first taker, as tenants in common, manifests the intent of the testator that the ancestor
should not take an estate in fee or in tail, and that the sons may and do take as purchasers. Doe v. B3urnsall, 6 T. R. 30; Burnsall v. Davy, 1 B. & P. 216; Gilman v. Elvy, 4 East, 313, Doe v. Collins, 4 T. R. 294; 4 Greenl. Cruise, 389.
Our opinion is,-that upon the decease of his mother, tbig de-
mandant took, as a purchaser, an estate tail in one moiety of
these lands, as a tenant in common with his brother. It was objected that the devise to him was upon the condition
ch4 as soon as he should come into the actual possession of the lands devised, he should take and use the surname of Vas-

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

501

Webstez v. Cooper.

sail; but it is enough to say that he does not appear' to have yet come into such actual possession, and that if this condition subsequent were broken, only the person to whom the lands are devised over can by an entra take advantage of it. Taylor v. Mason, 9 Wheat. 325; Finley v. King, 8 Pet. 347.
Under the Revised Statutes of Maine, c. 145, § 13, the demandant may recover according to his title, -provided he has a right of entry; and this raises the' only remaining question, whether he has such 4 right, or whether it is barred by an act of the Legislature of Maine, passed on the -eleventh day of
August, 1848, which is as follows:
An act, in addition to the one hundred and forty-seventh chapter of the Revised Statutes.
Sec. 1. No real or mixed action for the recovery ot any lands in this -State shall be commenced or maintained against any person in possession of such lands, where. such person, or those under whom he claims, have been in actual possession for more than forty years, and claiming to hold the same in his or their own right, and which" possession shall have been adverse, open, peaceable, notorious, ahd exclusive.
Sec. 2. This act shall take effect at the end of one day, from and after its approval by the governor.
This action was commenced on the fourteenth of April,, 1846, and, consequently, had been pending upwards of two years, when the above act was passed. The inquiry is, what is its effect upon this action, and the title of the demandant? That it was intended to be retrospective, and to- bar a recovery in actions then pending, upon proof of such seisin by the tenant as the act describes, is plainly indicated. Under the constitution of the State of Maine, can it so operate? Tb determine this question, it is necessary to take into view the legal rights of the demandant-and tenant, when this act was -passed, and the change in those rights attempted by the act.
The demandant, on the decease of his mother, in 1845, became constructively seised of an estate tail, and had a right of entry into these lands. The actual seisin of the tenant and those under whom he claims, though adverse to all persons having estates in possession under the will of Florentius Vassall, for a period of time sufficient to bar their right of entry, did not become adverse as against the demandant, until he acquired an estate' in possession, by the decease of his mother; and, consequently, when he brought this action, he was lhwfully entitled to one moiety of the land, as -tenantin tail, having an estate of inheritance which he could convey by deed, and upon which, being disseised, he could maintain a writ of entry. In other words,

SUP REME COURT.
Webster v. Cooper.
the land was his property, and, as such, he had a right to re-.covr and hold it. Rev. Stat. c. 147, § 3.
The effect of the act is, to make the seitin of the tenant, and of those under whom he claimsj adverse as against the demandant, during the time he had no right of possession, anti thus to deprive him of his right of entry, and destroy his estate in the :land. The actual operation of this law upon the demandant's title, would have been expressed in words, if it had been said in the statute that, whereas, up to that time an actual wrongful seisin had been by law adverse only against those having estates in- possession, and so, those coming in by way of remainddr, were.well 6ntitled to the-land, however long that actual wrongful seisin rflight have been continued; yet, thereafter, those who have 6ome in by way of remainder, shall, not be deemed entitled to the land, because such actual seisin shall be taken to be adverse as against them, and they. shall not be allowed to maintain an action for the recovery of the land to which they had lawful title when the action was brought. It is only by-giving this construction to the law, that it can ba made to operate at 'all, on the demandant's title. It requires a possession for forty years, "adverse, open, peaceable, notoricous, and exclusive." Adverse to whom? Exclusive of whom' If adverse to, and exclusive of, the demandant, -whocame into tke title by way of remainder, less than three years before the act was passed, then, according to the law of the State existing down to the passage of the act, no aptual -wrongful seisin could be adverse to him until he had an estate in the land entitling hini to its possession. Bbt we ca'nnot suppose this law meant to enact merely, that forty years' exclusive and actual seisin should bar an action by one having title to the possession during the whole of that
period, because, by the Revised Statutes, (c. 147, § 1,) tventy years was., sufficient; and, therefore, we are forced to conclude, that the intention of the legislature was, to make an actual seisin, for f6rty years, sufficient to destroy a title which had be-
.come vested, by way of remainder, before the act was passed, and which-was a valid title by the then existing law.
Under the constitution of *the State of Maine, as expounded
by the, highest court of that State, is it in the -power of the legislature to pass a retrospective law, thus operating to des'roy Ali estate in lands?
We think this case not distinguishable from the case of the Proprietors of the Kennebec Purchase .,i. Laboree et al. 2 'Greenl. Rep. 275. That was a writ of.entry to recover a tract of land. The principal question was, whether an act of the legislature concerning disseisin, was valid in its retrospective operation. Prior to the passage of this act an entry under a

DECEMBER TERA 1852.

603

Webster v. Cooper.

deed, duly registered, which described a tract of land by aetes
and bounds, and actual possession of a part of that tract, operated, by the law of Maine, as a disseisin of the true owner of the whole tract described in the deed. But an entry, without such a deed, gave seisin, as against the owner, only of so much of the land as was actually occupied; and this occupation was
required to be equivalent to what is figuratively described in the common law as pedis possessio; that is, open, notorious, antd exclusive, such as at once to give notice to all, of the nature and
extent of the possession and claim, and show the exercise of the exclusive dominion over the land, and the appropriation of it to the use and benefit of the possessor. This being the state of the law w-hen the action was brought, a law was passed, one section of which was in these words:
" Be it further enacted; that, iii any writ or action which has been, or may hereafter be brought, for the recovery of any lands, &c., it shall not be necessary for limiting the demandant and barring his right of recovery, that the premises defended shall have been surrounded by fences, or rendered inaccessible by other obstructions; but it shall be sufficient if the possession, occupancy, and improvement thereof, by the defendant, or those under whoni he claims, shall have been open, notorious, and exclusive, com-
porting with the ordinary managements of similar estates in the possession and occupancy of those who have title thereanto, or satisfactorily indicative of such exercise of ownership a~s is usual in the imprcvement of a farm by its owner; and no part
of the premises demanded And defended shall be excluded from the operation of the aforesaid limitation, because, such part may be woodland or without cultivation."
The Supreme Court of Maine held, chat so far as this act attempted to change the law of disseisin in respect to titles ex--
isting when it was passed, the act was inoperative and void, because in conflict with the constitution of that State. The opinion of the court, delivered by Mellen, Chief Justice, contains an elaborate and searching analysis of the subject, and it is evident, that learned court considered it with all the care de-
manded by a question of so much delicacy and importance, and brought to its adjudication sound principles of constitutional jurisprudence The principles of this decision have been recognized in subsequent cases, (Oriental Bank v. Freeze, 18 Maine Rep. 109; Austin v. Stevens, 24 Maine Rep. 520; Preston v.
Drew, 5 Law Reporter, 189,) and we are rot aware that it has ever been questioned, or denied to be a just exposition of the constitutional law of that State. The result of the decision is,
that the constitution of'the State has secured to every citizen the right of "acquiring, possessing, and enjoying property;"

SUPREME COURT.
Webster v. Coopei.
and that, by the true intent and meaning of this section, pro5erty cannot, by a. mere act of the legislature, be taken from one man and vested in another directly; nor can it, by the retrospective 6peration of law, be indirectly transferred from one to another, or be subjected to the governme'at of principles in a court of justice, which must necessarily produce that effect.
According to this decision, .the act now in question is inoperative, as respects this action, and the demandant's title, on which it is founded. For, unless by a retrospective operation it subjects his title to the government of a new law of disseisin, which, in effect, transfers his property to the tenant, it can have no operation; and whether such an effect can be produced by an act of the Legislature of Maine, under the constitution of that State, was the precise question adjudicated by the Supreme Court in the case referred to, which adjudication we understand -to contain an-established principle in the fundambntal law of -that State.
The thirty-fourth'section of the Judiciary Act, (1 Statute at Large, 92,) as-well as the rule of general jurisprudence, as to the operation of the lex loci upon titles to land, requires us to determine this case according to the law of the State of Maine. In ascertaining what that law is, this court looks to the decisions of the .highest court of that State; and where the question turps upon the construction to be given to the constitution of the State, and we find a construction made by the highest State Court very soon after the constitution was formed, acquiesced. in by the people of the State for nearly thirty years, and xepeatedly confirmed by subsequent judicial decisions of that court, we cannot hesitate to adopt it, and apply it to this case, to which, in our judgment, it is justly applicable. Such has been the uniform course of this court. McKeen .v. De]aniy's Lessee, 5 Cr. 22; Polk's Lessee v. Wendall, 9 Cr. 87; .Gardner v. Collins, 2 Pet. 68; Shelly v. Cruy, 11 Wheat. 351 ; Green v. Neal, 6 Pet. 291, are some of the eases in which this coarse has been f6llowed, and its reasons explained. The queqstion has usually been concerning Ihe construction of a statute of a State.. But we think there is no sound distinction between the construction of a law enacted by the legislature of a State, and the construetion of the organic law, ordained by the people themselves. The exposition of both belongs to the judicial department, of the government of the &tate, and its decision is final, and binding upon all other departments of that government, and upon the people themselves, until they see fit to change 'their constitution; and this court receives such a settled constru tion as part of the fundamental law of the State.
In conformity with these principles, we are constrained to.

DECEMBER TERM, 1852,

505

Sheppard et al. v. Graves.

hold the lawr now in question to be inoperative upon the demandant's title, and consequently, fhat he is not barred by itfrom maintaining this action.
The judgment of the Circuit Court must be reversed, and a venire de novo awarded.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Maine, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged, by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause, be, and the same is hereby, reversed, with costs, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to award a venirefacias de nevo.

ABLBP

SHEPPARD AND JOHN DUNCAN, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, V.
PEYTON S. GRAVES.

It is a bad mode of pleading, to unite pleas in abatement -and pleas to the merits. And ifafter pleas in abatement, a defence be interposed., going to the merits bf the controversy, the grounds alleged in abatement become thereby immaterial and are waived.
When a plea is filed to the jurisdiction of the court, upon the ground that the plaintiff is a resident of the same State with the defendant, it is incumbent on the defendant to prove the allegation.
It is of no consequence whether the date of a promissory note be at the beginning or end of it.
THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the District Court of the United States for the District of Texas.
The facts are all set forth in the opinion of the court.

It was argued by 3ir. V E. Howard and hir.Ballinger,in a printed argument, for the plaintiffs in error, and Air. Davidge and 31r. 0. F. ohnson, for the defendant in error.

The points made by the counsel for the plaintiffs in error,

were the following:

1. The court erred ii. -admittingthe notes in evidence, because

there was a variance betv, -en the notes offered and those de-

scribed in the petitions.

The petitions alleged, that the notes'were "executed and deli-

vered at Matagorda,) but did not allege that they bore date at

Matagorda, as was found to be the fact on their being produced.

VOL. XIV.

43

40

SUPREME COURT.

Ennis ot al. v. Smith et al.

JOHN F. ENNIS, ADMINISTRATOR DE 3ONIS NON OF JOSEPH ZOL-
KOWSKI AND OTHERS, V. J. 11. B. SMITH, ADMINISTRATOR OF
GEORGE BOmFoRD, LEWIS JOHNSON, ADy:INISTRATOR DE BONIS NON OF THADDEUS KOSCIUSKO, JAMES CARRICO, SAMUEL STOTT, GEORGE C. BomiFoRD, JAC6IB GIDEON, ULYSSES WARD, ANV JONATHAN B. H. SMITH.
Origin of the fund in controversy. Mr. Jefferson's letter concerning it. General Kosciusko made four wills. One in the United States, in 1798; another
in Paris, in 1806; the third and fourth were made at S&leare, in Switzerland, whilst lie was sojourning there in 1816 and 1817. The first and second wills were revoked by the third, and he died intestate as to his estate in the United States. But the first will, before it was known that he had made the others, was probated by Mr. Jefferson, in Virginia, and when Mr. Jefferson leuxned that the General had made other wills, he transferred the fund to the -Orphans' Court of the District of Columbia. The Orphans' Court managed the fund for some time, and then Benjamin L. Lear was appointed the administrator of Kosciusko, with the will annexed. He died, leaving a will, and George Bomford one of his executors. Bomford qualified as 'such, and afterwards became the administrator of Kosciusko de bonis
on. He took into his possessiofi, as executor, the estate of Lear, and also the funds of Kosciusko. which had been administered by Lear, and first made his return to the Orphans' Court of the administered funds of Kosciusko, as executor of Lear. Afterwards the were returned by him to the Orphans' Court, as administrator de ots non of Kosciusko. The Orphans' Court 4eeming that his sureties as administrator de bonis non of Kosciusko, were insufficient, or that they were not liable for any waste of them, on account of the funds having been received by him as executor of Lear, and not as administrator de 6onis non, called upon him for other sureties, under the act of Congress of the 20th February, 1846. , He complied with the call, and gave as sureties, Stott, Carrico, an-I George C. Bomford, and Gideon,Ward and Smith. The original bonds of Bomford were given to the Orphans' Court, under the law of Marylland, which prevailed without alteration in that part of the District of Columbia which had been ceded by Maryland, until Congress passed the act of the 20th February, 1846. The defendant Stott, Carrico, and Gecrge C. Bomford, and Smith, Ward, and Gideon, became the sureties of Bomford, as administrator de onis 'non of Kosciusko, under the act of 20th February, 1846. In the State of Maryland, if an executor or administrator changes any part of an estate from what it was into something else, it is said to be administered. If an administrator d bonis non, possesses himself of such changed estate, of whatever kinhd it may be, and charges himself with it as assets, his sureties to his original bond, as administrator de bons non, are not liable for his waste of them. They are only -liable for such assets of the deceased as remain in specie, unadministered by his predecessor, in the administration. Such is the law of Maryland, applicable to the sureties of Bomford, in the bond given when he was appointed administrator de bonis non of Kosciusko. But when other sureties.are called for by the Orphans' Court under the third section of the act of February 20, 1846, and are given, they do not bear the same relation to the administrator that his original sureties did, and they will be bound for the waste of their principal to the amount of the estate, or funds which he has charged himself by his return to the Orphans' Court, as adminstrator de bonis non, when it called for additional sureties, and for such as the administrator may afterwards receive. The bonds taken by the Orphans' Court ia this case, were properly taken under the act of the 20th February, 1846. General Kosciuskb's Olographic will of 181b, dontains a revoking clause of all other wills previously made by him, and not having disposei of his American funds in that will, nor in the will of 1817, he died'intestate as to -uch funds. The second

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

401

Ennis et &l. v. Smith et al.

article in the will of 1817, "Je 1dgue tons mes effets, ma voiture, et mon cheval y comprise h Madame et k Monsieur ZavierZeltner, ls homme ce dessus," -record, 105 -is not a residuary bequest to them of the' rest of his estate, not specifically disposed of in the wills of 1816 and 1817. General Kosciasko was sojourning in Switzesland when he died, but was domiciled in France, and had been for fifteen years. His declarations are to be received as proof that his domicil was in France. Such declarations have always been received, in questions of domicil, in the courts of France, in those of England, and in the courts of the United States. The presumption of la* is, that the domicil of origin is retained, until residence elsewhere has been shown by him who alleges a change of it. -But residence elsewhere repels the presumption, and casts upon him who denies it to be a doliaicil of choice,
the burden of disproving it. The place of residence must be taken to be a domicil of choice, unless It is proved that it was not meant to be a principal and perma-" nent residence. Contingent events, political or otherwise, are not admissible proofs to show, where one removes from his domicil of origin, for a residence elsewhere, that the latter was not meant to be a principal and permanent residence. But if one is exiled by authority from his domicil of origin, it is never presumed that he has abandned all hope of returning back. The.abalidonment, however, ma be shown by proof. General Kosciusko was not exiled by authority. He left Poland voluntarily, to obtain a civil status in France, which he conscientiously thought he could not enjoy in Poland, whilst it continued under a foreign dominion. Personal property, wherever it may be, is to be disturbed in case of intestacy, according to the law of the domicil of the intestate. This rule may be said to be a part oF the jus gentium.
Wbat that law is when a foreign law applies, must be shown by proof of it, and in the case of written law, it will be suffcient to offer, as evidence, the official publication of the law, certified satisfactorily to be such. Unwritten foreign laws, must be proved by experts. There is no general rule for authenticating foreigs laws in the courts of other countries, except this, that no proof shall be received, "whieji presupposes better testimony behind, and attainable by the party." They ma, be verified by an oath, orby ait exemplification of a copy under the great seal of the State or nation whose law ift may be, or by a copy proved to be a true copy, by a witness who has examined and compared it with the original, or by the certificate of an officer authorized to. give the law, which certificate must be duly proved. Such modes of proof are not exclusive of others, especially of codes and accepted histories of the law of a country. See also the cases of Church v. Hubbart, in 2 Cranch 181, and Talbot v. Seeman, in I Cranch, 7. In this case, the Code Civil of -rance, with'this indorsement, "Les Garde des ceaux de France a la Cceur Supiemo Des Etats Unis," was offered as evidence to prove that the law of France was for the distribution of the funds in controversy. This court ruled that such indorsement was a sufficient authentication, to make the code evidence in this ease,
and in any other case in which it may be 6ffered. By that code, the complainants named in this suit a3 the collateral relations of General Kosciusko, are entitled to receive the funds in controversy, in such proportions as are stated in tht.niandate or this court to ihe court below. The documentary proofs in this cause, from the Orphans' Court, of the genealogy of
the Kosciusko family, and of the collateral relationship of the persons entitled to a decree, and also of the wills of Kosciusko, are properly in evidence in this suit. The record from Grodno is judicial;. not a judgment interpartes,but a foreign judgment in rem, which is evidence of the facts adjudicated against all the world.

Mr. Justice Cat, -7r did not sit in this cause.

THis was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District-of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, sitting as a Court of Equity.
The whole case is set forth in the opinion of the court.
34 '

402

SUPREME COURT.

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

The appellants were those who filed the bill -in the Circuit Court, which was dismissed by that court.

It was argued by Mr. TochYman and .r. Johnson, for the appellants, and by Mr. Bedin, MVhr. Marhury,and Mr. Coxe, for the appellees.

The points raised by the counsel for the appellants, were the following:
I. Was Kosciusko's domicil, at the time of hi5 death, in
France, as the appellants charge, or was it in Poland, as the appellees mainvain?
It could not be in Poland, since Kosciusko left it, because of its subjugation by the foreign powers, in 1.794. Vattel's Law
of Nations, Book I. chap. 16, § 195. It was in France, by his own choice, since 1806 until 4th of
June, 1816. (Wills of 1806 and 1816, Ana conclusions resulting from the admission of the appellees.) Story's Confl. of Laws, § 44-46, § 8-47, § 14.
It continued to be in France until his death, upon the principle of law laid down in 1 Starkie on Evid. (Philad. ed. of 1842,
p. 53, " Presumption as to Continuance.") 1 American Leading Cases, by Hare & Wallace, p. 710, § 3, and the authorities therein referred to; Story's Confl. of Laws, § 47, § 16
II. Has the will of 1816 been proved? Have the letters of
administration de bonis non to Lewis Johnson been issued with
the wills of 1798, 1806, and 1816, as alleged in the bill ? Does the will of 1816 revoke the wills of 1798 and 1806 ? Is the
residue of Kosciusko's property liable for the legacies stated in the wills of 1816 and 1817?
The original will of 1816 was proved, recorded, and is lodged for safe keeping in France, and its authenticated exemplifica-
tion with the French probate was proved and recorded in the Orphans' Court for the District of Columbia, pursuant to the rules laid down in Toller on Evil. p. 71. Van Rensselear v. Morris, 1 Paige's Rep. 13; Story's Confl. of Laws, notes to
§ 514 b, on p. 432 of the 2d ed.; Statute of Maryland of 1785, chap. 46, § 2; De Sobre v. De Laistre, 2 Har. & Johns. 191.
The letters of administration de bonis non to Lewis Johnson were issued with ti 1 will and other two, as charged in the bill, proved by the decretal of the Orphans' Court, and the deposi-
tion of the record of the wills. The court below had, and this court has now, the power of
deciding what effect each of these three wills of .Kosciusko should have upon the final disposition of the property sought to be recovered. 1 Jarman on Wills, 4,22, 23, &c.

DECEMBER.TERM, 1852.

'403

E nnis et al. v.'Smith etal.

For this purpose the law of the domicil of Kosciusko at the time of his death must be resorted to. Jarman on Wills, 3, 4; Story's ConfL of Laws, § 465, 467,468, 479 f, 479 m.
The will of 1798 cannot take effect, because of-the uncertainty of its dispositions and objects of the bounty; the wvl of 1806 is null and void, not being executed according to either of the forms prescribed by the laws of France for making wills; but, good or bad, they have been both revoked by the
will of 1816. The will of 1816, containipg the revoking clause of former
wills, is a good and valid. olographic will,.proved by the depositions on p. 15 and 16 of the record. Arts. 970, 999, 1001, of the Civil Code of Napoleon.
Parol evidence, referred to in the answers, has not been produced; but, if it were produced, it could not be received, to impeach the will of 1816, nor to prove its revocation. Civil Code of Napoleon, Arts. 1035, 1036; 12 Wheaton's Rep. 175; Toiler on Exec. 76; 1 Madd. Ch. Pr. 81, 552, 555; 2 Starkie on Evid. Part I. Phil. ed. of 1842, 756, and Part IL p. 1284, note a; 1 Greenleaf on Evid. § 273, 290.
The word "effets," used-in the 2d clause of the will of -1817, being restrained by the words" ma voiture et mon cheval y comprise," passes only property of "ejusdem generis," and nothing else. 1 Jarman on Wills, 692 f; 13 Yes. 36, 45.
Independent of this, the French word "effets" signifies only such property as is about the person. Dictionaire Francais et
Anglais, par les Profhsseur Fleming et Tibbins; Dictionaire de
l'Academie Francaise. Admitted, that for the legacies specified in the will of 1816,
the property sought to be recovered, and every other property
of Kosciusko, would be liable- but all these legacies had been
paid. The legacies made by the will of 1817 being legacies of spe-
cific funds, which were, invested in Switzerland and in England, and of such specific property which was left in t6e house where
Kosciusko diee, in Switzerland, none of them can charge any other property; but whatever may be the law in this respect, the proof is that these legacies have also been paid.
The accidental omission, in the proceedings, of Mr. and Mrs. Zavier Zeltner, legatees under the will of 1817, is immaterial: first, because they take only such property in kind as comes
within the definition of the word "effets," restrained by the words "1ma voiture et Mon chval y comprise," and should claim
it from those persons in Switzerland in whose possession these " effets" were left; secofidly, because, by the law of France,
apon the death of the testator or intestate, the property vests in

404

SUPREME COIURT.

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

the lawful heirs, who stand iZ loeo of legal representatives of the deceased at common law. Civil Code of Napoleon, Alt. 724; Story's Conft. of Laws, § 507, 508, 516.
It follows, from the above iule, that when the lawful heirs of Kosciusko recover the property which is not wanted here by local administrator, all claimants residing in Europe, whether they are legatees or treditors,will have a right to establish there their claims. It would be immaterial, then, were all the claimants residing in Europe omitted in these proceedings, as no decree pro confesso taken here will bar their claims there. Civil Code of Napoleon, Arts. 724, 870, 873, 1011,1025, 1026.
Admitting, for the sake of argument, t;he existence of such European claims, this is no defence; the appellees in such a case should bring money into court-show good reasons of their apprehension for safety, and pray that the appellants may interplead their right with other claimants. 2 Story's Com. on Eq. § 805, 809, &c.; Mitf. Eq. Plead. by Jeremy, p. 48, 49.
IIl. Have the appellants proved that Kosciusko died unmarried and without issue, and that they are 'his next of kin, entitled to the residue of undisposed of property ? "In civil cases, slight evidences of right or title are sufficient - as against a stranger who possesses no color of title." 1 Starkie on Evid. Phil. ed. of 1842, p. 544. In case of Fol]ger's Lessee v. Simpson, (1 Yeates's Rep. 17,) ex parte affidavit, made in England, was held to be suffic_:ent evidence of pedigree against strangers. Kingston v. Lesley, 10 Sergeant & Rawle's Rep. 383. The
appellees are all strangers, having no color of title to the estate of Kosciusko. The appellants, to establish their title thereto,
produce a decree of the nobility of the Government of Grodno, and a decree of the Court of Kobryn, in the province of Lithuania, formerly Poland, now a part of th3 Empire of Russia, which were proved as to their authenticity, and as to the competency of the tribunals wvhich passed them; first, in the Orphans' Court for the District of Columbia, in the course of legalproceedings against Bomford, deceased administrator, and subsequently, by depositions-taken under i;he commission in the
case.
The originals of these foreign decrees, -rvitten in the Russian language, are on file in the, court below. Their translations will be found on p. 73, Exhibit A, and on p. 80, Exhibit B. These translations are judicial -they were made uAder oath, taken in open court. The originals, written in the Russian language, are.
not in the record, from reasons stated in the answer of the clerk of the court below.
The authenticity.of these documents has been established by the testimony that the seal of the Assembly of the Nobility on

.DECEMBER TERM, 1852.
Ennis ot al. v. Smith et al.
the decree of pedigree, (marked A, on p. 73,) and the seal of the Court of Kobryn in the decree (marked B, on p. 80,) are genuine seals, which alone is sufficient, underthe principles laid down in 6 Wendell's Rep. 484; 1 Paine's Rep. 614; Norris's Peake's Evid. 58, conjointly with 60, 108, and 109; 3 East's Rep. 222; Act of Maryland, of 1785, ch. 46, § 6.
Though the foregoing authorities do not require that the signature be proved, to establish the authexAticily of a decree or judginent-the appellants proved two of the signatures on the decree of pedigree, marked A, on p. 80, by the deposition which, upon the principle laid down in Gresley's Eq. Evid. p. 120, and the authorities therein referred to, would be sufficient, were it deemed necessary to prove the signatures.
The seals and signatures not proved, (which are appencec to the certificates, purporting to attest the signatures and seals of the Assembly of the Nobility of Qrodno, and of the Court of Kobryn,) are useless appendages, the law not admitting such certificates as evidence. 13 Peters's R. 209; 2 Cranch's R. 187.
The competency of the jurisdiction of the Assembly of the Nobility of Grodno, and of the Court of Kobryn, in matters decided upon by the exhibited decrees of pedigree, &c., is proved by the depositions of witnesses skilled in law, which depositions prove also that the decree of the Assembly of the Nobility, marked A, on p. 73, falls within the scope of such as are called in reia, and bind everybody.
Depositions taken in the Orphans' Court are evidence in this case, upon the principle laid down in 1 Starlde on Evid. Phil. ed. of 1842, p. 315 -the more so when they were brought before the court below, through the'medium of a commission taken in the case.
Independent of this witness, Judge Kalussowski was reexamined under the comission, and an6ther witness, Tysowski was examined under it.
The decrees, marked A and B, are as conclusive evidence to prove pedigree in this country, as they are in the country from which they come, upon principles laid down in 1 Starkie on Evid. Phil. ed. of 18-42, p. 253, "Judgments in rem."' Id. p. 30, "RReputation, in what cases evidence." 2 Starlde on Evid. id. ed. part 1, p. 842; 1 Id. 275; Norris's Peake's Evid. 101, 104-6; 1 Starkie on Evid. id. ed. 285-6, 295-6; 1 Greenleaf on Evid. §§ 525, 543; Story's Confi. of Laws, § 593.
The objection that the decree of pedigree, marked A, was obtained upon ex parte proceedings, &c., cannot be sustained, when -it is proved that it was obtained upon such proceedings as the law of the country from which it comes prescribes, (depositions on pp. 85, 69, 70, of the record.) 4 Paters's R. 472, 475; Story's

406

SUPREME COURT.

Ennis- et al. v. Smith et a.

Confl. of Laws, §§ 605, 608; Peake's Evid. 101, 104-.106; 1 Greenleaf on Evid. § 547.
The city of Grodno is the capital, and the seat of the golernment of the Pr('vince of Lithuania, which is called Government of Grodno-just as is called the government of the United
States, "Government of W~shington." Encyc. Brit.vol. 10, p.799; Cycl. of Soc. for Diff.of Usefiil Knowledge, vol. 11, p. 4 5 5 . Hence comes the incongruity of the testimony, in calling the official seal of -the nobility of Grodno "the Government of Grodho's official seal " "a Government seal of Lithuania." But that both these expressions'mean to speak of the.seal of the nobility of Grodno, proves the fact that both witnetses had before them the docuinent with the seal described in its body, on p. 80 of the record, as the seal of the nobility of Grodno.
Nor can the testimony of these witnesses be impeached by giving it a different construction than the nature of the case admits of,the appellees having neglected to cross-examine them, (Starkie on Evid. Phil. ed. of 1842 , pp. 197, 212, 214, 316, 317, 577,) though their counsel were pretent at the taking of depositions, and cross-examined one witness on other matters.
Independent of the above, witness Kalussowki explained himself as to his testimony by deposition.
The Assemblies of Nobility, when callel upon to decide on pedigree, issue as many original- copies of decrees as there are interested parties.
In this case, four original copies of such decree were issued, and delivered to the at nellants. The original copy, of which the translation is markea A, on p; 73 of the record, is oxie of these four copies. None of these copies is "better evidence." Each of them is evidence of the same decree for all purposes.
-Reference is made tlat a certain Pole, Klimkiewicz, filed a
bill claiming the estate, as next of kin of Kosciusko. This individual attempted to impose in the premises-when, upon the 'death of the former counsel of the appellants, they had no one here to take care of their claim. This suit abated by the death of Klimkiewicz and of administrator Bomford, and its papers fqrmed no part of the record in the court below.
The xesidue of Kosciusko's estate goes -to the appellants, as his next of kin, upon the principle laid down in 1 Jarman on Wills, 3, 4, &c.; Civil Code of Napoleon, art. 750.
IV. Are the defendants liable to account, as is charged in the bill, on pp. 6, 8, of the record?
The decree dismissing the bill against Jonathan B. IL Smith, a" administrator of th& estate of Bomford, is not questionedBomford having died insolvent, (pp. 48, 109, of the record.)
As to the same Jonathan B. H. Smith, trustee of the property

DECEMBER TERM, 1852-.

407

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

which Bomford delivered to him as counter security, with the deed of trust, on p. 23 of the record, he is bound to account for it to the appellants, upon the principle laid' down in 1 Story's Com. on Eq. § 502; Eq. Abridg. 93, K. 5; Comm. Dig. Chancery, 4, D. 6; Wright v. Morley, 11 Ves. 22. He is bound alsq
to account, upon the same principle, for the sum of $4,156.92, for rents, &c., which he admitted to hold in his hands -in the
answer on p. 49 of the record -and for such after rents -asaccrued since the filing of that answer.
Lewis Johnson, administrator de bonis non pf Kosciusko's. estate, in his original answer, (p. 29 of the record,) admitted, that at the time of the filing of it he had under his control stock of the Bank of Washington of the nominal value of $5,580.00-of which the market price'was then 60 per 109-
and $200 in cash. In his amended answer, (on p. 62 of the recoid,) he informed the court that said bank refused to pay him further dividends, under "pretence" that this stock does not
belong to Koseiusko's estate; and on p. 63 of it, be admitted that he had in hands $268.28 in cash. In view of these adIpissions, the decree of the court below- dismissing the bill agfins him as administrator de bonis non, is erroneous; he ought to account for the cash and the ctw-tificate of the stock which he holds.
As to the liability of the sureties of Bomford: This is the only point upon which the court below delivered
a written opinion. It is not in the record, the Judges not having, filed it in the case, but it will be found in a separate pamphlet,
published 6y the appellees. Grounds upon which the court below dismissed the bill
against the sureties, are as follows: First, because the original assets of Kosciusko having been
converted into money, by Lear, the first administrator, this' money and tke evidences of the new investments could not (in
the opinion of the court below) pass lawfully to Bomford as the administrator de bonis won of'the estate of Kosciusko, but he ought to have administered them as Lear's executor, (pp. 9, 12, 13, of the opinion); secondly, because Bomford, administrator de bois non, "converted and. used" the funds of Kosci-
usko's estate before the date of the bonds, (id. 14); thirdly, be-
cause the act of Congress of 1846, (chap. 8,) and the bonds
obtained under it, are prospective, and not retrospective, (id. 16-21); fourthly, because what is retained by the first administrator cannot go to the administrator de bonis'on, (id. 21-24);
fifthly, variances of the bonds referred to in the bill, -dnd ex-
hibited as evidence, were .alleged, (id. 7,) but the court expressed
no opinion as to it.-

'408

SUPREME COURT.

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.
The counsel'for the appellees made the following points, many of which were divided into subdivisions. Mr. Coxe argjed Oints 1, 2, 4, and 5. i1'. Redit, points 7 and- 8, and part of 3.
r 11arburythe remaining subdivision of e;a,nd point 6.

The appellees, the sureties of Bomford, contend: I. That the Circuit Court had no jurisdiction of the cause. Act of .21st Feb. 1801, § 6; 3d March, 1801, § 3; Judioin1 Act of 1789; Strawbridge v. Curtis, 3 Cranch, 267.
I. That the claim must be made through the -drministrator of- Kosciusko's domicil.
The administration in-the District of Columbia, if the domicil
was, as the complainants allege, in France, was merely ancillary, and, after paying debts, &c., the residue of the estate ought to be remitted to France, to the executors under the wills of 1816 and 1817; and complainants, all bcing or representing foreign parties, must proceed against such foreign executors, and cannot sue the ancillary administrator here; and the bill makes no case in which. a foreign distributee can maintain an action
here. Story's Conft. Laws, §-513, and cases cited in the notes. II. That if the appellants have proved themselves to be the
true representatives of Kosciusko, and can claim directly, the defendants, as sureties of Bomford, as administrator de boniv imn of Kosciusko, are not liable to them, -
1. Because the whole of the original, assets were converted into money by Lear in his life, except Bnk of Columbia stock;
and because the money and new securities on hand at his death passed to Bomford, as executor of Lear, for distribution, and Bomford's sureties, in that capacity, if any, are answerable; that
Bomiford had no legal right or authority, as 'administrator de bards non, to receive such money and securities; and the de'fendants, as sureties for him in that character, are liable only for what he could lawfully and riglitflly receive ii virtue of his
'ffice as such administrator; that their bond does not cover
what isc"laimed. 2. Admitting Bomford came rightfully, as adrninistrattr de
bonis non, into possession of the money and securities left by Lear, the sureties are not liable to the full extent of the comprainant's claim; because Bomford wasted and converted to his own use, prior to the date of the bonds, as sh3wn by complainant's proof, $30,625.47, part of said assets, far which the sureties are not liable, their bonds being prospective and not retrospective.
a.The third ground .upo.hwhich the sureties are not liable to
complainants is, that there is a fatal variance between the bonds a%,charged in the bill, and 'the bonds as exhibited by complainants to prove the charge; and further, that said bonds are void.

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

409

Ennis ct al. v. Smith et al.

IV. That there is no proof in this cause that the appellants

are the ne.kt of lkin of Kosciusko.

V. If the complainants are the next of kin, and if there be

liability on the part of the sureties, there was no intestacy by

Kosciusko as to these funds; but if the will of 1798 be revoked,

or its trusts cannot be carried out, then the will of 1817 disposes

of the whole fund to Mr. and Mrs. Zavier Zeltner, and intercepts

the claim of the next of kin.

As to the trust of the will of 1798, vide 2 Story Eq. §§ 1169,

1172,1176; Brocket's case, 9 How.; Girard's, 2 How.;.Bap. Ass'n,

4 Wheaton.

Kosciusko did not intend to die intestate as to any of his

property; this is shown by his frequent wills, and by the intro-

ductory clause in the will of 1817.

The words of the will of 1817, in the introductory clause are,

"rues biens;" in the clause of gift (the second) "tous mes effets,

mna voiture, et mion cheval y comnprise."

Standing alont, the words a~e~broad enough to pass his whole estate. "lI es biens," meaning "estate," " what a man is worth," and "tous mes effets." "all or the whole of my effects or pro-

perty." The words " o us ries effets" would pass the whole residue;

and the introduction of the words, "my carriage and horse in-

cluded," was not for the purpose of restricting or qualifying the

former terms, but resulted.from the testator's anxiety that those

articles should pass under the general terms.

The expression is "included;" and the rule of ejusdem generis

is inapplicable. The clause in this will of 1817 comes within

the qualifying cases upon that rule, of Fleming v. Burrows, 1

Russ. C. C. 277; Kendal v. Kendal, 4 Russ. C. C. 360, (2 Win's

Ex'ors, 1019); Arnold v. Arnold, 2 Mlylne & Keen, 365, (2

in's Ex'ors, 1019); Parker v. Marchant, 1 Younge & Collier

C. C. 290; Rop. on. Leg. 210, 211.

Mr. and Mrs. Zavier Zeltner are not made parties in this bill.

VI. If there was intestacy, then it is not proved where the

domicil of Kosciusko was at the time of his death; nor is the

law or rule of representation or succession shown; these must

be stated in the bill, and proved as stated.

The bill states that Kosciusko was a native of Poland, and died at Soleure, in Switzerland, intestate, and possessed of a

large personal estate in the United States.

It is alleged that Franc was the domicil of the intestate at

the time of his death, and that by the law of France, then in

force, the succession to the whole of the said estate was cast

upon the d&scendants of his sisters, representing the parents

living at the time.

VOL. XIV.

35

410

SUPREME COURT.

Ennis et"al. v. Smith ot al.

The defendants contend1. That there is no evidence tb Prove the domicil, as alleged. .Mere residence, is not in itself proof of a 3hange of domicil; it must be animo manendi. Story's Confl. of Laws, § 39; 1 Cur. E. I 856; 2 Id. 897; 7 Clark & Fin. 876. '.2. That the law of the assumed domicil-is not set forth in the bill. 3. That there is no evidence in the case, to prove- the .law of Fiance providing for the succession of an intestate's personal
estate. To prove this law, as alleged,-the complainants offred in evi-
dence a printed olume of the Code Napoleon. To the admis-, sibility of which, for such purpose, the dfendants objected; and
they rely on I Greenleaf, §§ 487, 488; 3 Wend. Rep. 173; 6 Id.
375, 384, and 389. The defendants also contend, that if the printed volume of the
*codebe received as admissible, the law.as contained in the Code does not entitle the complainants to the succession of said estafe, as claimed by them. They refer to the Code, book 1, § 11;
book 3, §.726. VII. That proper parties are not made. 1. Lear's sureties, as administrator of Kosciusko, ought to have
beertniade -parties.. 2.. So ought Bpmford's sureties, as executor of Lear.
8. So ought "Tomford's original sureties, as administrator de bonis non of Kosciusko.
4. And so ought Mr. and Mrs. Zavier Zeltner, the residuary
*legatees in the will of 1817. There is no averment in the bill, of the insolvency of any of
the omitted sureties to excuse the omission. The averment goes no further than thai; the original sureties
of Bomford,.as administrator de bnis min, are dead, and the bond is open to the plea of limitations. Story's Eq. P1. § 169, and note 5; Madox v. Jackson, 3 Atk. 406 : Cockburn v. Thompson, 16 Yes. 321, overruling Stanley v. Cook, Moseley's Rep.
383, &c. VII. That the remedy agairist the sureties was at, law on
the bonh, and not in equity. 'The sureties severally filed demurrers, general and special, to
the complainants' bill; in suppoit of whiah, they contend that the complainants have a free and unobstructed remedy at law against them on their bonds, and have, therefore, no right to bring them before the codrt as parties in this cause.
In the case of Richardson v. Jones, (3 Gill & J. 163,) it wvtz
held that a court of chancery had no jurisdiction (on petition by a trustee acting under a decree of the Chancellor to sell land,'

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

411

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

to order the purchaser and his sureties, who had given a bond for the purchase-money, to bring the same into court, to be paid td the trustee. The court say, the contract on this bond is a purely legal one, and can be enforced by an action at law and
trial before a jury. In the case of Boteler & Belt v. Brookes, (7 Gill & J.) 143, on
petition to the Chancellor to compel the sureties in a trustee's bond (he being dead and insolvent,) to bring the proceeds of a
sale made by the trustee, into court, the court held that the ob-
ligation of the sureties on their bond was purely legal, and could be enforced in.a court of law only.
In Brooke v. Boteler et al. (12 Gill & J. 307,) it was held
that a bill in chancery might be maintained against sureties in
a bond, when there could be no remedy at law. In the particular case,. the trustee being dead, insolvent, and there being no administration on his estate, there could be no order by the court for the payment of the complainants' claim. At page 317, the court say, "6No person could maintain a suit at law in such case, until payment was awarded by order of the court under whose decree the land was sold, and demanded of the trustee."
The cases in 4 Munford's Rep. 289; 2 Edw. Ch. Rep. 67; 9 Porter's Rep. 697; were determined on the ground that a preliminary judgment, and execution against the administrator, was
necessary to establish a devastavit, before suit could be- mantained against sureties in an administration bond; and the Court
say that a complainant would be without remedy, if not allowed to sue in chancery.
It was said this would not be allowed in an ordinary case, wNhere the administrator was alive, and within the reach of the common-law courts, and a judgment could be obtained against him. Bolton v. Powell, 8 Eng. L. and E. Rep. 165.
But by the act of Assembly of Maryland, 1798, c. 101, sub. c. 8, § 15, and sub. c. 11, § 1, distribution is to be made when the debts are paid. A distributee may sue at law on the administration bond, against thn sureties, after the lapse of thirteen months, without having first obtained judgment and issued execution against the administrator. 7 Gill & J. 475.
More than thirteen months had elapsed between the filing of the new bonds and the filing of the bill.- A right of action at law had accrued on the bonds before the filing of the bill.
Again; the complainants do not in their bill aver that there was a surplus in the hands of Bomford, as administrator de bonis von, after the payment of debts, to which they, as distributees of the estate of Kosciusko, under the French law, are entitled. Which omission, the defeniants say, is bad on demurrer Stevens v. Frost, 2 Younge & Coll. 297.

412

SUPREME COURT.

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the court.
The purpose of this suit is to recover for the descendants of
the sisters of General Kosciusko, the fulds which he owned in the United States at the time of his death.
Several points are suggested by the pleadings.
We will consider such of them as we think necessary, after having stated the origin of the fund in controversy, and the
management of it, from the time that Kosciusko placed it under the care of Mr. Jefferson -until the death of Colonel Bomford, the administrator de bonts non, in eighteen hundred and forty-
eight.
General Kosciusko came, to the Uniteci States early in our
revolutionary war, to join our army. He. did so at first as a volunteer,. In October, 1776, he received from Congress the commission of Colonel of Engineers. iHe served with great distinction until the close of the war, and then retired from tht
.army, after our independence had been acknowledged, with the rank of Brigadier-General. He stood prominently with those great men of our own country, with whom he had given seven years of his life to secure its"freedom and nationality. He re-
turned to Poland, poorer than when he carne to us, and was, in
fact, our creditor for a part of his military 1?ay. . His subsequent career in Europe is a part of its history. tui that we can say of it in connection with thid base, is, that he returned to the United States after he was released from the prisons
of Catherine, by her son and successor, the Emperor Paul. Whilst he was absent from the United States, a military certificate for twelve thousand two hundred and eighty dollars and fifty-four cents, had been issued, as due to him for services dur-
ing the war. Not having been, for several years, in a situation to claim or to receive it, until his return to the United States, in 1798, Congress passed an act in 1799, (6 Stat. at Large, 32,) directi: g the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to him the amount of the certificate, with interest from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the thirty-first of December,' one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.
It was'not a gratuity, but a simple act of justice, graduated then by the inability of our country to do more. It yet remains for us to give some national testimonial of his virtues, and of his services in the war of our independence. Seven years of peril and suffering, of wise forecast in counsels of -var,and of dauntless bravery in the fiela, may claim from our people grateful recollections, and the expression of them in the best way 'that they can be commemorated by art. The cadets at West Point, unaided by the Government, have reared to his memory a. monumenrt t re, and it is the only memorial of him upon the
face of our land.

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

413

Ennis et i. v. Smith et al.

That military certificate, with a part of the interest upon it, was the basis of the fund now in controversy.
It was paid to Kosciusko, was invested in American stocks in his own name, and placed under the care and direction of
Mr. Jefferson. In a letter from Mr. Jefferson, in answer to one from H. E. M.
De Politica, the Russian Minister at Washington, of the 27th of May, 1819, written by the latter, at the instance of the Viceroy of Poland, to make inquiries about the fund, Mr. Jefferson says: "A little before the departure of the General from America, in 1798, he wrote a will, all with his own hand, in which he' directed that the property he should possess here, at the time of his death, should be' laid out in the purchase of young negroes, who were to be educated and emancipated -of this will he named me executor, and deposited it in my hands. The interest of his money.was to be regularly remitted to him in Europe. My situation in the interior of the country, rendered it impossible for me to act personally in the remittances of his funds, and Mr. John Barnes, of Georgbtowvn, was engaged, under a power of attorney, to do that on commission; which duty he regularly and faithfully performed, until we heard of the death of the General. We had, in the mean time, by seasonably withdrawing a part of his funds from the bank in which he had deposited them, and lending them to the govern. ment during the late-war, (with England,) augmented them to seventeen thousand one hundred and fifty-line dollars sixtythree cents, to wit: $12,499.63, in the funds of the United States, and $4,600 in the Bank of Columbia, at Georgetown. I delayed for some time the regular probate of the will,, expecting to hear from Europe, whether he had left any will there, which might affect his property here. I thought that prudence and safety required -this, although the last letter he wrote me before his death, dated September 15th, 1817, assured me of the contrary, in these words: ' Nous avan~ons tous on age, c'est pour cela, mon cher et respectable .imi, que je vous prie de vouloir bien (et comme vous avez tout le pouvoir,) arranger qu' apres la. mort de notre digne ami, Mr. Barnes, quelqu'un d'aussi probe que lui prenne sa place, pour que je reqoive les interests ponctuellement de mon fonds; duquel, apr~s ma mort, vous
savez, la destination invariable, quant a, present faites pour le
rnieux comme vous pensez.' " Translation.
" We all grow old, and for that reason, my dear and respect. able friend, I ask you, as you have full power to do, to arrange it in such a manner that, after the death of our worthy friend, Mr. Barnes, some one, as honest as himself, may take his place,
35*

414

SUPREME COURT.

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

so that I may receive the interest of my money punctually; of which money, after my death, you kn6w the fixed destination. As for the present, do what you think besr.'
"After his death, a claim was presented to me, on behalf of
Kosciusko Armstrong, son of General Armstrong, of three thousand seven hundred and four dollars, given in Kosciusko's
lifetime, payable out of this fund; and, subsequently, came a claim to the whole, from Mr. Zeltner, under a will made there. I proceeded, on the advice of the Attorney-General of the United States, to prove the will, in the State Court of the District in which I reside, but declined the executorship. 'When
the General named me his execuitor, I was young enough to undertake the duty, although, from its nature, it was likely to be of long continuance; but, the lapse of twenty years, or more, had rendered it imprudent for me to engage in what I could not live to carry into effect. Finding, now, by your letter of May 27th, that a relation of the General's also claims the property; that it is likely to become litigious, and age and incompetence to business admonishing me to withdraw myself from entangle-
ments of that kind, I have determined to deliver the will, and the whole subject, over to such court of the United States as the Attorney-General of the United States shall advise, (proba.
bly it will be that of the District of Columbia,) to place the case in his hands, and to petition that court to relieve me from it, and to appoint an administrator, with the will annexed. Such an administrator wvill probably call upon the different
claimants to interplead, and let the couri; decide what shall be done with the property. This I shall do, sir, with as little delay
as the necessary consultations will admit; and, when the ad-
ministrator is appointed, I shall deliver to him the original certificates which are in my possession. The accumulating interest and dividends remain, untouched, in the Treasury of the United States, and Bank of Columbia."
The facts of this letter are referred to and admitted, in the answer of the defendants, but we preferred to give them in the language of the writer.
Mr. Jefferson carried out his intentions, and letters of adminis-
.ration were granted to the late Benjamin F. Lear. He received, in different kinds of stock, and in dividends, which had accrued since the death of Kosciusko, $25,031.43,; $4,100.6% of which, were applied by him for the payment of United States' six per cents, which had been purchased on acccunt of the estate, by
the direction of the Orphans' Court, wher. it had the control of the fund. It is not necessary, for the purposes of this suit, to inquire into the correctness of Mr. Lear's accounts of his ad-
fninistration. There is nothing on the record making them

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

415

Enni8 et al. v. Smaith et al.

doubtful. He died in 1832, and it appears, from the books and papers from which the final account of his administration was made, that the funds in his hands had been increased to $31,785.27. Colonel Bomford, his successor, charged himself with that sum.
The accounts of both, however, must be looked into, for another purpose. And that is, to determine, from the changes made by Lear in'the funds, and in his mode of managing them, in what official relation to Lear Bomford received them, and why it is, though he did so as the executor of Lear, that the defendants in this suit, by becoming his bondsmen, under the act of the 20th February, 1846, have made themselves liable for the devastavit of their principal. And here we will consider that point of the case.
It appears, from the accounts of Lear, that he thought he was authorized, as administrator, to change the funds of the estate into other funds, and to lend them upon private securitieg, without the permission of the Orphans' Court. Most, if not all of them, in whatever way invested by him, were in his own name, at the time of his death. Bomford took them, as, his executor, and settled an account with the Orphans' Court, in which he charged himself, as executor of Lear, with all the stocks, bonds, mortgages, and other securities for the payment of money, and the money of the estate, which Lear had, as
administrator, at the time of his death. In fact, the funds, excepting the stock of the Bnnk of Columbia, were converted into money, in Lear's hands, and Bomford took them, as his executor, with the obligation, as such, to account for the same to
whomsoever might be entitled to Kosciusko's estate. This being so, the question arises, whether or not his sureties, as exe-
cutor of Lear, were not liable for any waste of the estate by him, instead of his sureties, as the admfhistrator of Kosciusko, upon the ground that the latter were only liable, by their bonds, for so much as he received as administrator, and not for what he
had possessed himself of, as the executor of Lear. Bomford, it must be remembered, was the executor of Lear,
and became, also, by appointment of the Orphans' Court, the administrator de bonis non cure testanzento of Kosciusko, under
the laws of Maryland, as they were of force in that part of the
District of Columbia which had been a part of Maryland when Congress took jurisdiction over the same. His bonds, in both relations to the two estates of Lear and Kosciusko, were given under that law; and the obIigation§ of himself and his sureties are determined by what has been the judicial interpretation and
administration of it in Maryland, uncontrolled by any decisions of other courts elsewhere.

416

SUPREME COURT.

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

We understand, by the laws of Maryland, as they stood when
Congress assumed jurisdiction over the District of Columbia, that the property of a deceased person was considered to.be ad-
ministered, whenever it was sold, or converted into money, by the administrator or executor, or in any respect changed from
the condition in which' the deceased left it. It did not go to the administrator de bonis non, unless, on the death of the exe-
cutor or administrator, it remained in specie, or was the same then that it was when it came to his hands. When the assets have been changed, it is said, in Maryland, that the property has been administered. In that sense, all the funds received by
Lear, and changed by him into other securities, were administered by him. If this suit, then, had been brought against the
first sureties of Bomford, in his original bond as administrator de bonis non. of Kosciusko, they would not have been answer-
able. For any waste of the estate of Kosciusko, the remedy would have been against him and his sureties, as executor of
Lear, and if the assets had been wasted by Lear, Lear's securities would have been answerable. Nor would the circumstance thatBomford charged himself with these assets, as administrator de bonis won, make any difference. His sureties could be made
liable only for the assets which legally cane to his hands; that is, for what remained in specie, unadministered. Nor could he
make them liable for more, by charging himself, in his account as administrator, with any property which had been changed by
his predecessor, or administered, as it is said to be, in Maryland, when such d change is made, by an administrator or executor.
Such being the law as to the responsibility of Lear and his sureties, and of Bomford and his. original sureties, it was urged in the court below, as we see from the decision of the learned Judge who 'gave that court's opinion, and here also in argament by the counsel of the defendants, that it applied equally tb Bomford's second and third sets of sureties, who became so under the act of" Congress of the 20th February, 1846. 9 Stat. at Large, 4. So the court below decided, but we think it did so erroneously. The error consists in this, that the bonds of
these defendants were treated as if they were the same as the original bonds given by the first sureties of Bomford under the Maryland law, and that the relations of Bomford to the estate
of Kosciusko were precisely such as they wNere when he came into the possession of the Kosciusko funt s, as the executor of
Lear. The argument was this: that as Bomford had, from the character of the assets at the death of Lear, a valid right to them, as Lear's executor, and was bound by law to administer them as Lear was, that he would not have any legal right in them as administrator de bomis non, to bind these defendants as

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

417

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

his sureties for any ot his defaults; particularly as it appears
from his accounts, including the last of them, that he charges himself with a balance of $43,504.40, in his ninth account; the items of which related to transactions which had. taken place before the date of either of the bonds of the defendants.
Now, upon such a state of facts, it must be admitted-that Boinford himself was bound for the anount stated by him to be due, in an account of assets of the estate of Kosciusko, and that his original sureties were not under the Maryland law, for those assets which had been administered by Lear.
For what purpose then, it may be asked, did the Orphans' Court call upon Bomford, after he had rendered his eighth account. to give'other sureties, under the penalty, if he did not do so, that he would be displaced as administrator, and that another administrator would be appointed in his stead, unless it was to secure that amount for which he* had become personally liable, though it had been originally received by him as executor, but for which there were no sureties in fact, when the defendants became so? They became his sureties under the 3d section of
the act of 1846. 9 Stat. at Large, 4. That section proVides, that, whenever the Orphans' Court shall be satisfied that the security which has been taken, or which may hereafter b&taken from an executor or administrator, is insufficient, by -reason of
the removal or insolvency of any of the sureties, or because the penalty of the bond is too small, or from any cause whatever,
that the court may call upon the administrator or executor to give additional security, and if there shall be a failure to comply.
with such order, the court is empowered to appoint another ad-
ministrator in the stead of the first, and to require, from him removed, to hand over to his successor the unadministered assets, and to enforce compliance with such an order by fine and attachment or any other legal process. The act, and the pro-
ceedings of the Orphans' Court under it, towards the administrator, Colonel Bomnford, cover exactly such a case as this. The object of the law, and the purpose of the court, was to get from the administrator additional and adequate security, for the funds which he had stated in his sworn account to be still unadminis, tered "n his hands, without any regard to the fact which could not then have been known to the court, whether they had been misused or not b) him; but which, from his rendered account, it might properly have been inferred had not been. The act permits the court, in the cases mentioned in the 3d section, nbt only to take security for assets which might in future come. to the hands of the administrator, but for such as he had already received and returned to the court as in his hands, or of which he ought to have made a return, and which may not have been

418

SUPREME COURT.

Ennis et al. v. Smith et iJ.

properly administered. If that be not the proper interpretation of the act, it would be nugatory and idle. Instead of the power of the court being enlarged by it, it would be just as powerless to act in the cases mentioned in the 3d section, as it had been under the law of Maryland. The bonds of the defendants were manifestly given with reference to the accounts which had been filed in the Orphans' Court by Colonel Bomford. They must
have so understood it; for in one of them the action of the Orphans' Court, under the law of 1846, is recited, and the record shows that the sureties in the other took from their principal a counter ,security,to indemnify them on account of his failure to discharge all of his duties as administrator. The bonds of the defendants are distinguishable from the original bonds which the administrator gave, the latter having been given before any inventory was returned, or account stated in the court, and when
no particular sum was due from the administrator; and the bonds of these defendant were given for a sam certain, refurned
to the court by the administrator, due by h-m in that character. All of us concur in thinking that the bonds of the defendants
were properly taken under the act of 1846. That the Orphans'
Court called for them to secure the amount with which the administrator then stood charged, and such as he might afterwards
get. They were accepted and approved by the court for that purpose, and the sureties gave them with a full knowledge of the state of the account which the administrator had filed. All of
us think, also, that- they are answerable for his waste, unless something else in the case can relieve them.
The first objection is, that Kosciusko did not die intestate as to his personal property in the UnitedState3, and that the same passed, by the second article of the will of 1817, to M. and Madame Zavier Zeltner, of Soleure, in Switze'rland.
2. That there is no proof in the case that Kosciusko was domiciled at his death in France, and if be was, that the com-
plainants have failed to prove what the law of France was at that date, for the distribution of the personal estate of one who dies domiciled there.
3. It is also said, that it is not proved that those persons named in the bill as being entitled to the fund sued for, have such a relationship to Kosciusko as entitled them to receive it.
We will consider these objections in their order. Kosciusko made four wills. One of them in the United
States, in 1798, -which, after his death, Mr. Jefferson proved in the Court of Albemarle, in Virginia. His second will was made
in Paris, in 1806, in which he charged the fund mentioned in the first wll with a lsgacy to Kosciusko Armstrong. His third and fourth wills were made at Soleure, in Switzerland; the third

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

419

Ennis et al. v. Smith ot al.

on the 4th of June, 1816, and the fourth on the 10th October, 1817. It is not denied that he made the first, second, and fourth wills, but the defendants attack the third on account, as they suppose, that the probate of it had been taken in the Orphans'
Court in Washington, without due proof of its execution; and they rely upon the fourth will to shbw that it'contains a residuary
article in favor of Monsieur and Madame Zeltner, after the payment of specific legacies.
We think that all of the wills have been proved according to the rules of evidence, and that the authenticated exemplification
of that Qf 1816, from th6 registry of it in France, -recorded in the Orphans' Court for the District of Columbia, is all that can
be required. With these wills in view, we have the means to decide the effect of them on the property in controversy.
The olographic will of 1816, contains a revoking clause. It is in these.terms: "Je revoque tous les testaments et codidiles que j'ai pu faire avant le pr6sent auquel seul je m'arr~te comme contenant mes dernier s volantes." Translated in the record: "I revoke all the wills and codicils which I may have made previous to the present, to which alone I confine myself, as containing
my last wishes." The right to revoke a will exists now in every nation,.though
the exercise of it is differently regulated. It may be done by an express revocation, or by certain acts, which of themselves infer, or'from which the law infers, a revocation. "Ambulatoria est voluntas defuncti usque ad vitre supremurn excitum." Nor can one bind himself in a testament not to make another. "Nemo
potest in testamento suo cavere, ne legis-in suo testamento locum habeant; quia nce tempore, aut conditione finiri obligatio haaridis
legatorun nomine potest." Dig. Lib. 34, tit. 4 1.4; Dig. Lib. 30, tit. 1, 1. 55, In England, the manner of revocation is pre-
scribed by the 6th and 22d sections -of the Statute of Frards. In Spain and in Holland, a will may be revoked by an Act confined to tb- revocation of that testament, without making any
other disposition; or by making another testament which expressly revokes the former, if either manner as it may be used, is executed with the forms and solemnities which the law required
to give validity to the first will. 13y the customs of Paris and
Normandy, revocations could be made by a simple declaration before two notaries, or before one notary and two witnesses, without its being done in any prescribed form. And by the
same customs, a declaration in the handwriting of a testator, and signed by himself, revoked his testament, and the effect of it was to make him iaitestate. Law 25, tit. 1, p. 6; Voet. lib.
28; tit. 3, n. 1; Matth. de Success; disp. 8, n. 18. But we learn from Touillier and fiom the Code Civil, that these customs

SUPREME COURT.
Ennis et al. v. Smith et tI.
were abolished, and that in France, wills may be revoked in whole or in part, by a subsequent will, or by an act before notaries, containing a declaration of such intention. Touillier liv. 3, tit. 2 ; Don. et Test. ch. 5, n. 619 ; Pothier des Don. Test. ch. 6, § 2, § 1 ; Art. Code Civil, 969, 1035-36-38.
The will of 1816 was made at Soleure, while Kosciusko was sojouining there, after he had left Vienna, in 1815i whither he had gone from Paris, at the instance of the Emperor Alexander, that he might be advised with concerning tae affairs of Poland. It is an olographic will, wholly written in the handwriting of the testator, according to the 970th article of the Code Civil. It gives specific legaciesto persons residing in France, charged upon funds owned by the testator in France, and his executor was a notary at Morcu, in the department of Seine and Marne, which is the opening of the will, the testator says, in the department of his residence, at Berville.
Within the month of Kosciusko's death, the -ill was taken to Paris, and recorded there, pursuant to law. The executor having received authority from the proper tribunal to act as such, paid, according to the will, the legacies given by it. See arts. Code Civil, 999, 1000. The wills, then, of 1798 and of 1806, were revoked by the will of 1816, and as the testator did not make in it any disposition of his American funds, he died intestate as to them, unless the second article in the will of 1817, has the effect of a residuary bequest to the persons named in it.
It is, "I bequeathe all of my effects, (elfets,) my carriage and my horse included, to Madame and to Mr. Zavier Zeltner, above named." It will be seen, by the first clause in the will, that they are the father and mother of Emilie Zeltner, to whom he bequeathed about fifty thousand francs of France, charged upon funds in England, in the hands of Thompson, Bonard & Co.
We shall be aided, in the construction of the second article of the will of 1817, by keeping in mind what were te relations between himself and the Zeltner family, as they are disclosed by his wills of 1816 and 1817. He makes them, in both wills, his legatees, except a legacy tb General Baszkoyski; two small legacies to his executors; two thousand francs to the poor, and one thousand for his own burial. His chosen friends were without fortune. He says so in that memorable letter which he wrote to the Emperor Alexander, after the allies had entered Paris, in 1814; from which it may be sebn, when his country was nearest his heart, that his friend was there too. Fletcher's Poland: Harp. Faro. -Lib. 301; Ozinski, 4, p. 175. To the two. daughters of that" friend, Andrew Lewis Zeltner, with Whom he had lived for fifteen years, he gives all of his fuids in

DECEMBEI TERM, 1852.

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

France, amounting to ninety-five thousand- francs, excepting a

legacy to his executof. To the daughter of Zavier Zeltner,

with Whom he was staying when the wills of 1816 and 1817

were made, and where he died, he bequeathes fifty thousand

francs; and it is to him and to his wife, that he says, I bequeathe

all my effects, my carriage and horse included. From its lace

in the will of 18175 and from the connection of the words "all

my effects, with my carriage and horse included," it would oe a

very strained construction, to make the words, all of my effects,

comprehend his personal estate in the United States, it being

neither alluded to in any way in this will, nor in that of 1816.

Except in so far as it might, under the will of 1816, have been

applied to the payments of the legacies given in that will, upon

the failure of the funds upon which they were first charged.

Effects, in French, or the word effets, has the same meaning in

common parlance and in law, that it has in English. Its mean-

ing properly in either, when used indefinitely in wills, but in

connection with something particular and certain, is limited by

its association to other things of a like kind. It is from the

subject-matter of its use, that intention of something else is -to

be implied; and that of course may be larger or less. In some

instances in wills, the word has carried the whole personal es-

tate. When in connection with words of themselves of larger

meaning, or of fixed legal import, as there were in the case of

Bosley v. Bosley, decided at this term of the court, such a

clause in a will is residuary. 5 Madd. Ch. Rep. 72; 6 Madd.

Ch. Rep. 119; Cowper, 299; 1J5 Vesey, 507.

Such being the rule, it is our opinion, that the second article

in the will of 1817, is not residuary, and that it has no relation

to the funds in controversy.

It follows, then, that as the wills of 1798 and of 1806. were

revoked by the xill of 1816, and as no disposition was made in

it, or in the will of 1817, of the funds in controversy, that Gene-

ral Kosciusko died intestate as to them, and that they may be

distributed to his relations who may be entitled to inherit from

him, according to the law of his domicil at the time of his death.

We now proceed to the question of domicil.

In the will of 1806, he describes himself as "an officer of

the United States of America, in their revolutionary war against

Britain, and a native of Lithuania, in Poland, at present re-

siding in Paris." In the will of 1816, made at Soleure, his

language is: " I, the undersigned Thaddeus Kosciusko, residing

at Berville, in the township Genevraye, of the department of

Seine and Marne, (being now) or at present at Soleure, in

Switzerland." In the will of 1817, nothing is' said of his resi-

dence. The record shows that he went from the United States

VOL. XIV.

36

SUPREME COUIT.
Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.
to France in 1798, that he was there in. 1806, when he said he resided at Paris. There is no pioof that he was not continuously in France until 1815, when he went to Vienna. We know, too, historically, that.he left it in June of that year for Soleure, when he found out that it had been determined in the Congress of Vienna to erect the Duchy of Warsaw into a kingdom, without including in it his native province of Lithuania.
We do not, however permit the historical facts just alluded to, or any other of a like kind, to have any weight in forming our conclusion concerning his domicil at the time of his death. The facts in the record are sufficient for that purpose.
In the first place, his declarations that his residence was in France, in the way they were made in his wills, with an interval of ten years, between them, wouldupon the authority of adjudged cases, be sufficient to establish, primd facie, his domicil in .France. Such declarations have always been received in evidence, when made previous to the event which gave rise to the suit. They have been received in the courts of France, in the courts of England, and in those of our own country. In two questions of domicil in France, such declarations in a power of attorney, and in other instruments, were received as evidence. Denisart, fit. Domicil, § 1. In the English courts there are many cases in which like declarations have 'been offered and received. 5 Term Rep. 512, and the observations of Mr. Evans, axon et un 2 Poth. Ob]. App. No. 16, § 11. Rawson v. Haigh, 2 Bing. 99; 9 Moore, 217; S. C. W. & M. 353. Lord Tenterden, 1 Bing. N. C.; 5 C. "& P. 575; 1 Taylor, 376. In the United.States, the ease of Gorham v. Canton, (5 Greenleaf, 266,) is to the same effect; and in Massachusetts, in the cases of Thorndike v. Boston, (1 Metcalf,) and Kilbum v. Bennett, (3 Metcalf, 199,) it was ruled that in a case where the question of domicil was raised, the declarations and letters of a party whose domicil was disputed, were admissible in evidence, especially if made previous to the event which gave rise to the suit. We find, also, in 8 Pickering, 476, that the will of a grandfather in 1774, in which he was described as being of 0. and another will, in -vhich he is described as resident in 0., were admissible evidence.to prove that the grandfather had obtained a settlement atO.
Kosciusko'stdomicil of origin was-Lithuania, in Pdland. The presumption of lavr is that it was retaied, unless the chauge is proved, and.the burden of proving it is upon him who alleges the changes. Somerville v. Somerville, 6 Vesey, 787; Voetj Pand. tit. 1, 5, N. 99.
But what amount of proof is necessary to change a domicil of orgin into aprimcfaciedomicil of cho-ce? It is residenc

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

423

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

elsewhere, or where a person lives out of the domicil of origin.. That repels the presumption of its continuance, and casts updn
him who denies the domicil of choice, the burden of disproving it. Where a person lives, is taken pimfacie to be his domcil, until other* facts establish the contrary. Story's Com. 44, 6 Rule; Bruce v. Bruce, 2 Bos. & Pul. 228, Note 239; 3 Ves. 198, 291; Hagg. Consist. 374, 437. It is difficult to lay down anrule under which every instance of residence could be brought, which may make a domicil of choice. But there must be to
constitute it actual residence in the place, with the intention that it is to be a principal and permanent residence. That intention may be inferred from the circumstances or condition in which a person may be as to the domicil of his origin,-or" from the seat of his fortune, his family and pursuits of life. Pothier, Introd. Gen. aux Cout. p. 4; D'Argenti6, Cout. Art. 449; Touil-
lier, lib. 1, tit. 3, n. 371 ; 1 Burge, Com. Conft. Laws, 42, 43. A removal which does not contemplate an absence from the former domicil for an indefinite and uncertain time is 'not a
change of it. But when there is a removal, unless it can be
shown or inferred from circumstances that it was for some'particular purpose, expected to be only of a temporary nature, or in the exercise of some particular profession, office, or calling,
it does change the domicil. The result is, that the place of residence is prin d facie the domicil, unless there be some motive for that residence not inconsistent with -a clearly established
intention to retain a permanent residence in another place. The facts in the case, place the residence of Kosciusko in France,
under the principle just stated. It is averred in the bill that France was his residence. The
defendants deny it, admitting, however, that, from the time he left the United States, he was a sojourner in France and Swit-
zerland until he died. But they aver that he did not remove to. France at any time of his life with the intention to make it his permanent residence. And they further charge that he never did
ab1andon the hope that circumstances would favor his'retarn to P- -nd, when its pohtical condition would permit him to resume
his rights and duties as a citizen of it. Such an averment infiplies that he had voluntarily left Poland for France, without having been forced to do so, and that his return depended upon political contingencies, which might never happen, and which
we know did not occur. It places upon the defendants the burden of proving the intention, the complainants having shown, and the defendants having admitted, that he had primd facie a domicil in France. They have not done so. There is
nothing in the record disproving the averment of his domicil in France, and we must, from his own declarations and other

424

SUPREME COURT.

Ennis'et al. v. Smith et al.

proofs in the record, receive it as a fact that he was domiciled
there at the time of his death.
The error of the argument and of the averment against Kosciusko's domicil in France is this: that' they considered him a forced exile from Poland, and that he had only made France his asylum during banishment.
In such a case, it is true, a person .cannot be presumed to
have abandoned all hope of return to his country, whatever length of time may have passed since lie was driven from it. But Kosciusko is not placed in that predicament by any proof in the case., Nor could such proof have been made; for it is
well known, when he was liberated by the Emperor Paul, that it was done without restraint or inhibition of any kind. He was .offered high military conmand and presents of princely amount, which he declined to accept. He came to the United States, and afterwards went voluntarily to France, where he lived for fifteen years. He could have returned to Poland at any time, if he had chosen to do so. Not having done so, the conclusion ought to be that he abandoned his residence there for a residence in France, which cannot be affected, as to its permanency, by any event which might have happened to induce him to change it again to the domicil of his origin. This is coincident with the" fact that he had been made a French cit zen by a decree of the National Assembly of France, in August, 1792. Knowing that such a naturalization would not have the effect of investing him with the privileges of a native-born citizen, if he did not become domiciled in France, unless his residence there was expressly dispensed with in the letters of naturalization, he went to France to get a civil status which he bould not conscientiously enjoy in .Poland whilst it continued to be under a foreign dominion. Pothier, Tr. des Personnes, &c. P. 1, tit. 2, § 3; Denesart, tit.
Aubaine. These general principles of jurisprudence in respect to domi-'
cil, by which Kosciusko's has been determined, are such as the
courts.of France would have ruled in this case. Kosciusko's intestacy as to'the funds in controversy, and his
domicil having been determined, we will now state the law as
to the right of succession in such cases. For several hundred years upon the continent, and in England,
from reported cases, for a hundred years, the rule has been, that personal property, in cases of intestacy" is to be distributed by the law of the domicil of. the intestate at the time of his death. it has been universalfor $o long a time that it may now be said to be a part of the Yusgehtiurn. Lord Thurlow speaks of itas such in. the House of Lords, in the case of Bruce v. Bruce. Erskine, in his Institutes of the Law of Scotland, (). 3, t. 9, § 4, 644,)

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

425

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

says, this rule is founded on the laws of nations. He says, "1Whena Scotsman dies abroad sine animo remanendi,the legal
succession of his movable estate in Scotland must descend to his next of kin according to the law of Scotland; and where a foreigner dies in this cohntry sine anino rernanendi, the movables which he brought with him hither ought to be regulated,
not by the law of the country in which they locally were, bui that of the proprietors patria,or domidil whence he came, and
whither he intends again to return. This rule is founded in the law of nations, and the reason of it is the same in both cases, that since all succession ab intestatio is grounded upon the pres'umed will of the deceased, his estate ought to descend t6 him
whom the law of his own country calls to the succession, as the person whom it presumes to be most favored by the deceased."
The law of Scotland had been different in this particular, but it was brought into harmony with the law of the rest of Europe by the decision of the House of Lords, in Bruce v. Bruce, 6
Brown's Par. Cases, 550, 566; 2 Bos. & Pul. 226, 230, 231; Lord Stair's Institutes, B. 3, tit. 8, § 5; Hogg & Lashley, House of Lords, June 25th, 1788; Robertson on Personal
Success. 131; Omman v. Bin-ham, House of Lords, March 18, 1776; Colville & Landor v. 1Brown & Brown, Dict. Success. Ap. p. 1, 4; W. & S.28.
The earliest case reported in the -- nglish books, is that of Pipon v. Pipon, Am. 6, 27. Lord Hardwicke recognized in it the rule that the personal estate, in cases of intestacy, followed the person, and becomes distributable according to the law or
custom of the place where the intestate lived. Among other reasons given by him is, that a contrary rule would be extremely mischievous, ar. I would affect our commerce. No foreigner could deal in our funds but at the peril of his. effects going according to our laws, and not those of his own country. He reaffirmed the same in a few years afterwards, in Thorne v. Watkins, 2 Ves. 35., Lord Kenyon did the same when he was Master of the Rolls in 1787, in Klllpatrick v. Killpatrick, which will be found cited in Robertson on Personal Succession, 116.
In 1790, the House of Lords acted upon the rule, in Bruce v.
Bruce, and two years afterwards, in Hogg v. Lashley. 'Many cases followed in the English courts, and the only question since
has been, what was the domicil of the intestate at the time of his death? In the United States the rule has been fully recog-
nized. 14 Martin, Lou. 99; 3 Paige, 182; 2 Gill & John . 193, 224, 228.
The rule prevails, also, in the ascertainment of the person who is entitled' to take as heir or distributee. It decides whether primogeniture gives a right of preference, or an exclusive right
36*

426

SUPREME COURT,

Ennis et al. v. Smith at a].

to take the succession; whether a person is legitimate or not to
take the succession; whether the person shall take per stirpes or per capita, and the nature and extent of the right of representa"tion. - Story's Conflict of Laws.
But it is objected, before the rule can be applied in this suit against the defendants, that the complainants must prove what the law of France. is for the distribution of the fund. It is said that has not been done.
For this purpose, the -Code Civil of France was offered in evidence, but it was objected to.
It is true, that the existence of a foreign law, written or un-
written, cannot be judicially noticed, unless it be proved as a fact, by appropriate evidence.
The written foreign law may be proved, by a copy of the law
properly authenticated. The .unwritten must le b'y the p, rol testimony of experts. As to the manner of authenticating ;he law, there is no general rule, except this: that o proof shall be -receiVed, "which presupposes better testimony behind, and attainable by the party." They may be verified by an oath, or by an exemplification of a copy, under the great seal of a State, or, by a copy, proved to be a true copy by a witness who has examined and compared it with the original, or by a certificate of an offi-
cer, properly authorized,'by law, to give the copy; which ceitifieate must be duly proved. But such modes of proof as have
been mentioned, are not to be' considered exclusive of others, especially of codes of laws and accepted histories of the law of a.country. In Picton's case, Lord Ellenborough said: " The best writers furnish us with their statements of the law, and that would certainly b.e good evidence upon the same principle as thatwhich renders histories admissible. There is a case, continued Lord Ellenborough, in which the History of the Turkish
Empire, by Cantemir was received by the House of Lords, after soime discussion. -I will, therefore, receive any book that purports to be a history of the common law of Spain. B. N. P.
248, 249; 30 How. St. Tr. 492; 2 Phil. Ev. 123; 1 Salk. 281: Morris v. Harmer, 7 Pet. 554; 3 Cary, 178; 11 Clark & Fin.; Russel's Peexage Cases; 3, Wend. 173. Lord Tenterden, in Lacon v. Heggins, (Stark. Rep: 178,) admi.tted a copy of the Code Civil of France, produced by ,the French Consul, who stated that it was an authentic copy of the law of France, upon which he acted in his office, and that it-was printed at the office for printing the laws of France, and would be acted upon in the French courts. In the Russel Peerage case, Lord Campbell said: "The most authentic form of getting at foreign law, is to have-the book which lays down the law. Thus, we have had the Code Napoleon in our courts. It is better than to examine

DECEMBER TERM, 1'852.

427

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

a witness, whose memory may be defective, and who may have a bias influencing his mind upon the law." The Supreme Court of New York has held, that an unofficial copy of. the Commercial Code of France, could not be proved by the French Consul residing at New York, though he stated it to be conformable to the official publications; and that it was an exact copy of the laws furnished by the French government to its Consul at New
York. Had it been an official copy, and sworn to be such, by the Consul, it would have been received in evidence, as the Irish
Statutes were, in Jones v.Maffet, (5 Serg. & Rawle, 523,) where they were sworn to by an Irish barrister, and that he received them from the King's printer, in Ireland. In Church v. Hubbart, (2 Cranch,) this court said, that the edicts of Portugal, offered in evidence, would have been admissible, if the copies of them had been sworn to be true copies, by the American Consul at Lisbon, instead of his having given his consular certificate, that they were true copies, because it was not one Pf
the functions of a Consul to authenticate foreign laws irr that way.
The court say, " The paper offered to the court is certified to be a copy compared with the original. It is impossible to sup-
pose that this copy might not have been, authenticated by the oath of the Consul, as well as by his certificate." It will be seen, that what the 'court required, was a verification of the
original, upon oath, and that then the edicts would have been admissible in evidence. They were municipar edicts, too, it.
should be remembered, and not one of those marine ordinances
of a foreign nation, oi a subject of common concern to all nations, which may, according to the manner of its promulgation, be read as law, without other proof. Talbot v. Seeman, 1 Cranch, 1.
The rule of this court has always been, since those cases were decided, "that the laws of a foreign country, designed only for the direction of its own affairs, are not t6 be noticed by other countries, unless proved as facts; and, that the sanction
of an oath is required for their establishment, unless they can be verified-by some other such high authority, that the law re-
spected not less than the oath of an individual." The question in this case, is, has the Code Civil, which was
offered in evidence, a verification equivalent to the oath of an
individual ? Opinions and-cases may be found in conflict-with the cases
cited, but, from a perusal of many of them, we find that they have been formed and decided without a careful discrimination between
what should be the proof of 'foreign written and unwritten law; and when written laws, either singly or in statute books, or in

428

SUPREME COURT

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al

codes, have been offered in evidence, without a sufficient authentication that they were official publications, by the government which had legislated them; or when written laws have been offered, properly proved to be official, but which were equivocal in their terms, and in the judicial administration of which there have been, or may be, various interpretations, making it necessary to 3all in experts, as in cases of an unwritten law, to state how the law offered in evidence is administered in the courts of the country of which it is said to be the law. In
England, until recently, it was not doubted that a foreign written law was admissible in evidence, when properly authenticated. But, in the Sussex Peerage case, 1844, (in 11 Clark & Finnelly, 115,) several of the Judges gave their opinions upon the subject. Lord Brougham, in that case, differed from Lord Campbell, and said that the Code Napoleon ought not to be received in an English court, and that before it could be received
from the boqk, that an expert, acquainted with the text and the interpretation of it, must be called. And so it was ruled, afterwards, by Erle, Justice, in 1846, in Cocks v. Purdy, (2 C. &
K. 269,) in which fragments of a code were offered as evidence. But his Lordship's opinion, and the case of Clark v. Purdy, must be taken, subject to the facts upon which the point arose. In the first, it was, whether Doctor Wiseman, who had been called as a witness, could refer, whilst giving his evidence of the law of Rome on the subject of marriage, to a book, whilst it was lying by him. In the other case, fragments of laws were offered. This point had been settled by Lord Stowell, in Dalrymple v. Dalrymple, 2 Hagg. 54. Lord Brougham again expressed the
same opinion, in his sketch of Lord Sto~vell, in the second series of the Statesmen of the Time of George 111., 76. But Lord Langdale, who also sat -with the other Juage., in the Sussex
Peerage case, gave the rule, with its qualidcations,in the case of the Earl of Nelson v. Lord Bridport, 8 Beav 527 After
stating the rule, coincidently with the opinion of Lord Brougham, he -says: " Such I conceive to be the general rule, but the
case to which it is applicable admits of great variety. Though
a knowledge of foreign laws is not to be imputed to the Judge, you may impute to him such a knowledge of the general art of
reasoning, as Will enable him, with the assistance of the bar, to discover wher6 fallacies are probably concealed, and in what
cases he ought to require testimony more or less strict. If the utmost strictness was required, in every'case, justice. might often stand still; and I am not disposed to say faat there may not be cases, in which the Judge may not, without impropriety, take upon himself to construe the words of a foreign law, and determine 'their application to the case in question; especially, if

DECEMBER TERM, 1852,

429

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

there should be. a variance or want of clearness idi tba +sti. mony."
Notwithstanding the differences in the cases cited, v,e think
that the true rule in respect to the admissibility of foreign law in evidence, may be gathered from them. In our view it is this, that a foreign written law may be received, when it is found in a statute book, with proof that the book has been officially published by the government which made the law. Such is the
foundation of Lord Tenterden's ruling, in Lacen v. Higgens, 3 Starkie's Rep. 178. The case in 5 Sdrgeant & Rawle, 523, has the same basis. Though there are other reasons for the admission of the laws of the States into the courts of the United States as evidence, when they are officially published, yet they are only received when the genuineness of the publication is apparent. This court has so ruled in Hind v. Yattier, 5 Peters,
398, and in Owings v. Hull, 9 Peters, 607-625. It is true that we are called upon, as Judges, to administer the laws of the States in the courts of the United States, and that the States of the Union are not politically foreign to each other, but there is no connection between them in legislation, and we only take notice of their laws judicially,.when they are found in the offcial
statute books of the State. With these views, it remains for us to show that the Code
Civil, offered in evidence in this case by the complainants, to prove their right to the succession of the intestate estate of General Kosciusko, is authenticated in such a way that it may be received by the court for the purpose for which it was offered. It was sent to the Supreme Court, in the course of our national exchanges of laws with France. It is one of fhe volumes of the Bulletin des Lois at Paris L' imprimerie royal6, with -this indorsement, ," Les Garde des Sceaux de France la Court Supreme Des Etats Unis." Congress has acknowledged it by the act, and the appropriation which was given to the Supreme Court to reciprocate the donation. We transmitted to the' Minister of Justice official copies of all the laws, resoiutions, and treaties of the United States, and a complete series of the decisions of this court. We do not doubt, whenever the question shall occur in the courts of France, that the volumes which were sent by us will be considered sufficiently authenticated to be used as evidence. The gift and the reciprocation of it, are the fruits of the liberal age in which we live. We hope for a continuance of such exchanges between France and the United States, and for a like intercourse with all nations. Business men, jurists, and statesmen, will readily appreciate its advantages. It will save much time and expense when questions occur in the courts of different nations, involving the rights of

SUPRBME COUR T.
Ennis et al. v. Smith ot al.
foreigners, if the writen laws of every nation were verified in all of them, by certified official publications to the governments of each. In the now rapid transit of persbns and property, out of the sovereignties to which they belong, into the different parts of the world, such a verification would often speed and save the rights of emigrants, sgjourners, and merchants.
We think that the Code Civil, certified to the court as .it is, is sufficiently authenticated to make it evidence in this suit, and that it would be so in any other case in which it may be offered.
We proceed to state the law from'it, applicable to the case. It has been determined that the domicil of General Kosciusko was in France at the time of his death, .that he died intestate as -to his funds in the United States, and that they were to be distributed according to the law of his domicil. .It has been proved that he survived his parents, died without issue, and that these complainants are the lineal descendants of two of his sisters, one of whom died before her brother, and the other'afterxVards. The fact of their relationship, notwithstanding the objection which was made to the proof of it, is sufficient. The proofs are decrees of the Court of Nobility, of the Government of Grodno, and, another of the Court of Kobryn, in the Russian province of Lithuania. The originals are in the Orphans' Court,
and were filed in it, in the regular course of judicial proceeding, Both of them are authenticated copies of judicial proceedings in the courts from which they are brough;. The competency of the jutisdiction of those courts, in the matters decided in the decrees, is proved by witnesses skilled in the law of the goVernments of Lithuania. Lithuania-we know to be now a Russian province, governed by its own laws, exept as they may be modified by the Empdror's edicts. It is divided into three governments, Wilna, Grodno, and Minsk, with a Governor-General over them. The decree of the Assembly of' the Department of Grodno, is an exemplified copy of that malb on the 7th May, 1843, ii the case of the* heirs of Kosciusko, and contains the genealogical chart of the descendants of the sisters of Kosciusko.
It is not a judgment inter partes,but a foreign judgment in reim, and is evidence of the facts adjudicated against all the world. The decree from the court of Kobryn is also proved to be a judicial record. Fromh both we lea:n that the persons named in the bill of the complainants, are the collateral kinsmen of General Kosciusko. By the laws of France, they may take his estate by succession.
We shall reverse the decision of the court below, and direct the funds in controversy to be divided among them, according to the 750th article of the Code, which is, that in case of the

DECEMhBER TERM, 1852.

431

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

previous decease of the father and mother of a person dead withont issue, his brother and sister, or their descendants, are
called to the succession, to the exclusion of ancestors and other
collaterals.
All of the objections which were made against the rendition of a decree in favor of the complainants, having been considered and overruled, it only remains for us to announce the sum for which the decree shall be given, and the proportions to be paid by the defendants, as the sureties of Bomford, under the act of.
1846. It has been h~retofore stated that thfese bonds were given un-
der that act, to secure the amount then returned to the Orphans' Court by the administrator, and such assets as he might afterwards receive in that character. In his ninth account, he charges himself with a balance .from the eighth account of
$41,914.47, and after kiving the estate credit for the sum's subsequently received, and claiming .credits, he admits, that there was due to the estate on the 7th of June, 1847, $43,504.40, including the stock of the Bank of Washmgton, which was after his death transferred to Lewis Johnson, who became the admi-
nistrator of ,Kosciusko, with the will nnnexed., We shall enter a decree against the defendants for the sum
of $37,924.40, with interest from the 7th June, 1847, until the same shall be paid.
The said decree is to De binding upon the sureties, Carrico, Stott, and George C. Bomford, and upon the sureties Gideon, WVard, and Smith, jointly and severally in the proportion which
their respective bonds bear to the sum decreed, and the costs which have accrued in this suit. But in the event that the sureties in either bond do, not pay the sum decreed against them, or any part thereol, then the sureties in the other bond shall be answerable for and pay the same to'the extent of their
respective bonds. . We shall also order a decree to be entered against the defend-
ant, Lewis Johnson, not subjecting him to any costs from his having been made a defendant in this suit, directinfg him to turn over to the complainants the stock of the Bank of W¥ashington, to which he is entitled as the administrator de bonis non of Kosciusko, and the dividends which have accrued thereon, allowing
to him out of the same, the costs incurred as administrator, commissions, and such reasonable counsel fees as may have.been paid by him for services in matters pertaining to this case, in the Orphans' Court, and to this suit, after his account shall be filed, and be credited to him in the Orphans' Court.

432

SUPIREME COURT.

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the cecord from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Disiiict of Columbia, holden in and for the County of 'Washington, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is
now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed, by this court, that the decree of said Circiit Court dismissing the complainants' bill in this cause, be, and the same is hereby, reversed and annulled. And this court proceeding to render such decree as the said Circuit Court ought to have rendered, doth order, adjudge and decree, as follows:
First. That the legal domicil of Thaddeus Kosciusko, the party
under whom'the complainants below claim, was, at the period of his'death, in 1817, in France.
&cond. That as to the property and fund in controversy, he, the said Kosciusko, died intestate, his will of the 4th of June,
1816, in the proceedings mentioned, having revoked his prior will of 5th of May, 1798, and 28th of June, 1806, and without disposing of said fund, and the same not having been disposed of by the will of 10th October, 1817.
Tldr& That the said property and fund is to be distributed according to the law of France, the place of his domicil at the time of his death.
Fourth. That by the said law-of said domicil, at said period, the said property belongs in equal moieties to -,he collateral kindred who were the lineal descendants of the two sisters in the case mentioned, of said Kosciusko, and complainants in the bill mentioned, that is to say, one moiety thereof to Hippolitus Estho and 1oman Fstho, grandsons of his sister Ann, and to Louisa Narbut, her granddaughter, a widow, and in the proportions between them of one half of said moiety to said Hippolitus Estlio, and the other half of said moiety to said Ronian Estho
and Louisa Narbut, in equal shares,- and the other moiety thereof to Vlandislaus Wankowieg, to Hippolitus Wankowieg, Adam Byehowiec, and to Michael Szyrma, also complainants, and in the proportions between them, as follows, that is to say, to Viandislaus Wankowieg and Hippolitus 'rankowieg, each of them one half of five sevenths, and of one third to each of another seventh, and to Michael Szyrma, one third ef a seventh, and to Adam Bychowiec, one seventh.
Fifth. That the defendants' sureties in the bond of the 7th .May, 1846, for $20,000, in the proceedings mentioned, taken under the authority of the act of Congress of the 20th of February, 1846, that is to 'say, James Carrico, Samuel Stott, and George C. Bomford, and the other defendants' sureties in 'the

DECEMBER TERM, 1852.

433

Ennis et al. v. Smith et al.

other bond therein mentioned, also taken under said act of Congress, and dated 4th of January, 1847, for $40,000, that is to say, Jacob Gideon, Ulysses Ward, and Jonathan B. H. Smith, are each, and to the extent hereinafter decreed, responsible to the complainants for the amount also hereinafter 'decreed.
Si:th. It is further adjudged and decreed, that there is due,

and that the same be paid, by said defendants, to the complainants above named, in the proportions herein stated, the sum of $37,924 i%with interest on said sum, at the rate of six per centum, from the 7th day of June, 1847, till paid; that is to say, that the said defendants, James Carrico, Samuel Stott, and George C. Bomford, are jointly and severally bound to pay to said complainants, of said $37,924 %, the sum of $12,641.46 , with interest thereon, as aforesaid, from the 7th of June,-1847, till paid, and one third of the costs of this suit, in both courts, and they are hereby ordered and decreed to 'pay the same. And

that the ,aid defendants, Jacob Gideon, Ulysses Ward, and Jonathan B. H. Smith, are jointly and severally bound to pay to
said complainants, the~balance of said sum of .37,924 40, being

the sum of $25,282.93 ',with interest from the 7th of June,

1847, till paid, and two thirds of the said costs; and they are hereby ordered and decreed to pay the same.
Seventh. And it is further ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that, in the event the gaid .sureties in the first bond, to -wit:

James Carrico, Samuel Stott, and George C. Bomford, do not pay the said $12,641.46 2, with interest, and one third of the

costs, so decreed to be, paid by them, as aforesaid, and every part thereof, that then the said Jacob Gideon, Ulysses Ward,

and Jonathan B. H. Smith, the sureties in thd second bond, as aforesaid, are bound to pay the same, and every part thereof, to the extent of the penalties of their said bond. And that, in the event that the said Jacob Gideon, Ulysses Ward,,and Jonathai

B. H. Smith, the sureties in the second bond, do not pay the said $25,282.93 1, with interest and two thirds of the costs, so

decreed to he paid by them, as aforesaid, and every part thereof; that then the said James Carrico, Samuel Stott, and George C.

Bomford, the sureties in the first bond, as aforesaid, are bound to pay the same, to the extent of the penalty of their said

bond.
And it is further ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the defendant, Lewis Jounson, administrator de bonis non of Thaddeus

Kosciusko, transfer and deliver over to said named complainants

the stock of the Bank of Washington, belonging to him, as such administrator, amounting at its par value, to the sum of $5,580, together with all the dividends which have accrued on the same,

less the costs of his administration, and reasonable counsel fees,

VOL.,XIV.

37

SUPREME COURT.
Winder v. Caldwell.
and such commissions, as administrator, as the Orphans' Court may legally allow.
And it is further ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the said sums of money and stock, so decreed to be paid and transferred 'by the abov.e-named defendants, be paid an-d transferred to the above-named complainants, Hippolitus Estho, Roman Estho, Louisa Narbut, Vlandislaus Wankowiez, Hippolitus Wankowiez, Adam Bychowiec, and Michael Szyrma, in the proportions stated and adjudged in the preceding fourth clause of this decree.
Eig'hth.. It is further ordered, adjudged, and decreed, that the decrees pro confesso against Roman E;stho, Louisa Narbut, born Estho, Thadea Emilie Wilchelmnine Zeltner, Maria Charlotte Julia Marguerette Zeltner, Bonnisant Pere, General Baszkoyski, Emilie Zeltner, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Zeltner, Zavier Amieth, Dr. She~rer, Miss Ursula Zeltner, and Kosciusko Armstrong, by the said Circuit Court be, and the same is hereby, affirmed.
And lastly. It is ordpred, adjudged, and decreed, that this cause be, and the same is hereby, remanded to the said Circuit Court, witl directions to that court to carrythe aforesaid decree of this court into effect.
WILLIAM, H. WINDER, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. ANDIEw D
-CALD WELL.
Where a scire fadas was issued to enforce a lien upon 8, house under the lien law of the District of Columbia, there was no necessity to file a declaration.
Where the contract between the owner and the builder, (who was also the carpenter.) stipulated for a forfeiture per diem in case the carpenter should delay the work, the court below ought to have allowed evidence of such delay to be given to the jury by the defendant, under a notice of set-off, and also evidence that the work and4 materials found and provided upon and for the building, were defective in quality and character, and far inferior in value to what the contract and specification called for.
A, master builder, undertaker, or contractor, who undertakes by contract with the owner to erect a building, or some part or portion thereof, on certain terms, does not come within the letter or spirit of the act of Congress passed March 2, 1833, .(4 Stat, at Large 659,) entitled an Act to secure to mechauics and others, payment for labor done and materials furnished in the erection of buildings in the District of Columbia.
Tins case: was brought up, by writ of error, from the. Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington.
It was an action of scire ftcias, brought by Caldwell against Winder, upon a claim filed under the act of Congress passed

LIST OF CASES REPORTED.

Sherwood f. General Mutual Insurance Company

Silsby et al. v. Foote

.

Smith ct al. v. Ennis et al. (Kosciusko Case) Steinback et al. v. Rae et al.

Stephens v. Cady

Tatham et al. v. Le Roy et al.

Taylor cx parc .

.

.

.

Troy Iron and Nail Factory V. Coming et al.

Trustees for Vincennes University v. State of Indiana.

Tyack et al. v. Doss et al.

United States v. Gusman United States v. Heirs of Rillieux

Veazie et al. v. Moor *

Walker et al. v. Hagan

Walker et al. v. Lawler et al.

Walker et al. v. Robbins ef al.

Webster v. Cooper .

.

Windbr v. Caldwell *

Wiswall v. Sampson *

Wylie V.Coxe

Young a. Christy

PAGX
352 218
400
532
529

156 3
193 269 298

193

·

189

*

*

* 568

*

.

29

*

. 149

584

*

* .

488

*

*

434

·

*

52

* .

. 296

OMISSION. At page 11 in this volume, before the words, ,1It appears in this case, that a suit was brought; &.,the following words are omitted, viz.: "Mr. Chief Justice Taney delivered th e opinion of the court."
ERRATU.31. In 13th Howard, page .381, in the syllabus of the ease of Howard :t al. v. Inger sell, it is said, -'The boundary line runs along the top of this high western bank, leaving the bed of the river and the western shelving shore within the jur-dictign of Georgia." This is an error. It should read, "The boundary line runs tip the river, on and along its westcrn bank, and the jurisdiction of Georgia in the soil extends over to the line which is wathed by the water, wherever it coe6rs the bed of the river within its banks"

