DECEMBER TERM1, 1853.

571

Slicer et al. v. The Bank of Pittsburg.

decree of the appellate court, or permission be given on an ap.
plication to that court directly for the purpose. This appears to be the prdctice of the Court of Chancery and House of Lords, in England, and we think it founded in principles essential to the proper administration of the law, and to a reasonable termination of litigation between parties in chancery suits. 1 Vern. 416; 2 Paige, 45; 1 MeCord's Ch.R. 22, 29, 30; 3 J. J. Marsh. 492; 1 Hen. & Munf. 13; Mitford's P1. 89; Cooper's Pl. 92; Story's Eq. P1. § 408. Neither of these prerequisites to the filing of the bill before us have been observed.
Wre think the decree of the court below, dismissing the bill
of review, was right, and ought to be affirmed.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Kentucky, and was axgued by counsel. On consideration whereof it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

WILLIA.M J. SLICER, LAWRENCE SLICER, WILLIAM CROIMWELL SLICER; AND IARCELLA SLICER, MINORS, BY THEIR FATHER AND NEXT FRIEND, WILLIAM J. SLICER, AND MARTHA VIRGINIA BERKLEY, JERIMEMIAH BERRY, AND THOMAS CRO-MWELL
BERRY, APPELLANTS. v. THE BANK OF PITTSBURG.
Where there was a mortgage of land in the city of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, the mort gagee caused a writ of seirfaecias to be issued from the Court of Common Plcas there being no chancery court in that State. There was no regular judgment entered upon the docket, but a writ of 1,rarifaciaswas issued, under which the mortgaged property was levied upon and sold. The mortgagee, the Bank of Pittsburg, became the purchaser.
This took place in 1820. In 1836, the court ordered the record to be amended byentering up the judgment
regularly, and by altering the date of tha scirefacias. AUthough the judgment in 1820 was not regularly entered up, yet it was confessed
before a prothonotary, who had power to take the confession. The docket upon which the judgment'should have been regularly entered, being lost, the entry must be presumed to have been made. loreover, the court had power to amend its record in 1836. Even if there had been no judgment, the mortgagor or his heirs could not have availed themselves of the defect in Lhe proceedings, after the property had been adversely and quietly held for so long a time.

SUPREME COURT.
Slicer ct al. v. The Bank of Pittsburg.
Tis was an appeal from the Circuit Court of fhe United States for the Western District of Pennsylvania.
The facts of the case are stated in the opinion of tne court.
It was argued by 11r. T. Fox Alden and Mr. Tohnson, for the appellants, and by Mr. Hepburn and Mr. Loomis, for the appellee.
The points made by the counsel for th3 appellants were the following:-
1. That a proceeding of scirefaciassur mortgage,in Pennsylvania, is literally a bill in equity to forec.ose the equity of redemption, and forfeit the estate of the mortgagor. Dunlop's Digest, 31, Act of 1705.
2. That the proceedings being in the nature of a bill in equity to foreclose the mortgage, the principles of equity, in that particular branch of chancery procedings, are alone applicable. Self-evident.
3. That amendments of judgments at common law, with all -the authorities authorizing the entries of judgments nunc pro tune, can in no case be applicable to amendments of decrees in equity, for foreclosure, because the reason of the law does not apply in such case, but e converso.
4. That while the bill to foreclose the equity of reddmption is pending, the equitable bar, by analogy, does not run any more than the statute would run, while suit at law was pending. 1 Powell on Mortgages, 320.
5. When it has been shown that suit was instituted, it is incumbent on the party wishing to avoid the effect of the principle of lispendens,to show that the cause -was legally terminated. 13 How. 332.
6. The issuing of final process, void on Lhe face of the record, does not terminate suit, at ]aw; still ldss, is it to be construed in equity in such manner as to forfeit the estate of the mortgagor. Needs no authority. 1 7. No release of the equity of redemption, by express parol agreement, or by implication, -arising from the acts of a distressed debtor, or mortgagor, m waiving inquisition, or notice, or appraisement, can compromit his rights as mortgagor, and ,work a forfeiture of his estate, when his solemn covenant, contained ill -his condition of absolute sale, in his mortgage, will not be permitted to have such effect. . 8. That estoppels, either at law or equity, are only alldwable to advance justice, never in equity, to wcrk a forfeiture of estate.
9. That presumptions are not allowed at law or equity, against fact, a fortiori, in equity, when such allowance would defeat an estate, the favorite of equity. 11 How. 360.

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

573

Slicer et al. v. The Bank of Pittsburg.

10. The confession of judgment, by warrant of attorney, in Pennsylvania, is not a judgment of record, until the confession ofjudgment'is duly entered by the proper officer of record; still less is the parol declaration of any defendant, that he had confessed judgment, evidence of a judgment'in Pennsylvania.
11. If such parol admission of the confession of a judgment is tantarount to the entry of a judgment in Pennsylvania; it must be a judgment for every purpose.
12. That the respondents cannot avail themselves of the amendment in this ease, on the motion of Mr. Bradford, as they repudiate his acts as unauthorized by them, and further, witliout notice to Mir. Cromwell. Coke Litt. 303 a., 352b.; Bull. N. P. 233; 1 Wash. C. C. R. 70; 11 Wheat. 286; 9 Cow. 274; 4 Mete. 384; 9 Wend. 147; 6 Ad. & Ellis, 469; 10 lb.. 90; 5
*Watts & Sergt. 306. 13. That even if the amendment of judgment was regular, it
did not, and could not, sanctify a void execution and sale. 4 Wend. 678, 474, 480; 1 Stark. Ev. 283; 12 Johns. Rep. 213; 1 Mloore & Payne, 236.
14. That if such judgment was regular, and within the powers of the court, it was interlocutory in its nature, the proceedings being in the nature of a bill of foreclosure, &c., and the defendants having been in possession of the mortgaged premises for sixteen years, would either have to account in equity, for the reception of the profits, or have the same liquidated by -action at law.
15. Laches, either at law or equity, when both parties are in .pari delietu, are available by neither; and in this case it was the fault of respondents, if they did not press their mo-tgage to the'foreclosure of the equity of redemption.
From which preceding propositions, if established, we contend that it flows as a legal consequence:
1st. That there was no judgment of the court, which would authorize a writ of levarifacias.
2d. The sale, therefore, being void, the equity of redemption
still exists, and the mortgagee is bound to account !,)r rents and profits, and if he paid his debt, is bound to reconvey the mort-
gaged premises, or pay the value thereof on such equitable principles as the court may determine to be just and equitable to all parties.

The points on the part of the appellee were the following: 1. The levari facias, upon which the mortgaged premises were sold, was issued upon and fully warranted by a legal and valid judgment, confessed by Thomas Cromwell on the 13th day of September, A. D. 1820, to the plaintiff in the action

5?4

SUPREKME COURT.

Slicer et al. v. The Bank of :Pittsburg.

sci. fa. sur martgag-C, No. 136, August term, 1820, (the Bank

of Pittsburg v. Cromwell,) for the sum of $21,740.40. Of this

the complainants have exhibited record evidence in the certi-

'ficate of Edward Campbell, Jr., prothonotary of the Court of

Common Pleas of Alleghany county, which may be found on

page 17 of the record. That confession of judgment is a part

of the record of which he certifies a full exemplification, and is

correctly and rightfully certified as a part of the record. Reed

v. Hamet, 4 Watts's Rep. 441 ; Lewis v. Smith, 2 S. & R. 142;

Shaw v. Boyd, 12 Pa. State Rep. 216; Weatherhead's Lessee

v. Baskerville, 11 Howard's 360; 7 S. & R. 206; Railroad Co.

v. Howard, 13 Howard's R. 331; Cook v. Gilbert, 8 S. & R.

568; Wilkins v. Anderson, 1 Jones, 399; Sererenge v. Dayton,

4 Wash. C. C. R. 698.

II. If the entry of the judgment confessed by Cromwell in

favor of the bank (upon a docket of the court) were requisite

to its validity as a judgment, and material to the power and

authority of the sheriff in acting upon the levarifacias,by virtue

of which the mortgaged premises were sold, it being the duty of

the prothonotary to make an entry of the judgment upon a

docket of the court, and the rough docket of 1820 having been

lost, it will, after the lapse of thirty years, be presumed in favor

of the validity of the proceedings, and for the protection of pur-

chasers at a public judicial sale; that such entry was made by

the prothonotary in pursuance of his duy upon the docket now

lost. Shaw v. Boyd, 12 Pa. State Rep. 216; Owen v. Simp-

son, 3 Watts's Rep. 88; De Haas V. Bunn, 2 Barr, 338-9; De-

marest v. Wynkoop, 3 Johns. Ch. Rep. 129, 146 ; 2 Peters, 162,

168.

IIL The amendment made by the prothonotary, in the case

of the Bank of Pittsburg v. Thomas Cromwell, No. 136, Au-

gust term, 1820, by order of the court, on the 14th day of De-

cember, A. ID. 1835, in the words and figures following, to

wit, -

"September 13th, 1820, judgment confessed per writing filed,

signed by defendant for the sum of twenty-one thousand seven

hundred and forty dollars and forty cents, besides costs of suit a release of all errors, without stay of execution, and that the

plaintiff shall have execution by levari factas by November

term, 1820.H.

HI. PETERSON, Prothonotary."

- was the legitimate exercise of an undoubted discretionary

power, vested in the court, and is not the subject of revision in

the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, ncr can its validity be

properly questioned collaterally in the courts of the United

States. Mara v. Quin, 6 Term Rep. 1, 6, 7; Murray v. Cooper,

6 S. & R. 126-7; Ordroneaux v. Prady, 6 S. & R. 510; Marine

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

575

Slicer Ct al. v.,The Bank of Pittsburg.

Insurance Co. v. Hodgson, 6 Cranch, 217; Griffeth v. Ogle, 1 Binney, 172-3; 1 Burrow's Rep. 148,226; Owen v. Simpson, 3 Waatts, 7, 88, 89; Maus v. Maus, 5 Watts, 319; De Haas v.
Bunn, 2 Barr, 335-9; Rhoads v. Commonwealth, 3 Harris, 273, 276-7; Strickler v. Overton, 3 Barr, 323; Clymer v. Thomas, 7 S. & R. 178, 180; Chirac v. Reimcker, 11 Wheaton, 302; Hamilton v. Hamilton, 4 Barr, 193; Latshaw v. Steinman, 11
S. & R. 357-8.
IV. The exhibit marked "B," filed with complainants' bill, and prayed to be taken as a part of said bill, shows (page 9 of the record) a judgment in the case of the Bank of Pittsburg
v. Cromwell, entered the 13th of September, 1820, for the sum of $21,740.40, which fully authorized the levari facias and subsequent proceedings, estops the complainants from controverting its verity or validity, and is, in this proceeding, conclusive upon the rights of the parties. Rhoads v. Commonwealth, 3 Harris, 273, 276-7; Strickler v. Overton, 3 Barr, 325; Marine Ins. Co. v. Hodgson, 6 Cranch, 217; Chirac v. Reimcker, 11 Wheaton, 302 ; United States v. Nourse, 9 Peters, 8-28; Voorhees v. Bank
of the United States, 10 Peters, 450, 478; Elliott v. Piersol, 1 Peters, 329, 340; Thompson v. Tolmie, 2 Peters, 157; Clymer v. Thomas, 7 S.& R. 178; Levy v. Union Canal Co. 5 Watts's Rep. 105; Hauer's Appeal, 5 W. &. S.275; Drexel's Appeal,
6 Barr, 272; Davidson v. Thornton, 7 Barr, 131. The amendment cannot be collaterally impeached, though no
notice is given to defe6ndIabn.t3. 98R. obinson v. Zollinger, 9 Watts, 170; Tarbox v. Hays,
V. The complainants are, in equity, estopped from having the relief prayed in their bill, by the appearance of Thomas
Cromwell before the prothonotary of Alleghany county, on the 13th of September, 1820, and confessing judgment before that officer in favor of the. Bank of Pittsburg for the sum of' $21,740.40, besides costs, with a release of all errors, without stay of execution, and that plaintiff (the Bank of Pittsburg)
have execution by levari facias to November term, 1820-by the entry signed by him (page 16 of the record) on the levari facias which recites a valid judgment warranting the sale of the mortgaged premises commanded by said writ- by his suboequent acquiescence, for the period of thirty years, in the sale, without objection or complaint, especially after the expenditure of immense sums in improvement, and a great consequent en-
hancement in the value of the property. Dezell v. Odell, 3 Hill, 215-219; b Adolphus & Ellis, 475; 33 Eng. Com. Law,117;
10 Adolphus & Ellis, 90; 37 Eng. Com. Law, 58; Hamilton v. Hamilton, 4 Barr, 193; Robinson v. Justice, 2 Penn. Rep. 22;
Epley v. Withero, 7 Watts, 163; Carr v. Wallace, 7 ib.4o00;
10 Barr, 530; 1 Story's Eq. Jur.,§ 387.

576

SUPREME COURT.

Slicer Ct al. v. The Bauk of Pittsburg.

VI. The bank, and those claiming under it, having held the
possession of the mortgaged premises for a period exceeding thirty years, without account for rents, issues and profits - without claim for such account by the mortgagor - without admission by the bank during that entire period, that it possessed a
mortgage title only, -the mortgagor and those claiming under him have lost the right of redemption and claim to account, and the title of the mortgagee and those claiming under the mortgagee has become absolute in equity, whether the bank en-
tered as mortgagee or vendee. 2 Story's Equity Jurisprudence, § 1028 a, 1520, and authorities there cited. Moore v. Cable, 1 Johns. Ch. Rep. 320; Hughes v. Edwards, C,Wheaton's Rep. 489,
497-8; Dexter v. Arnold, 1 Sumner's C. C. Rep. 109; Rafferty v. King, 1 Keen, 602, 609-10, 616-17; Demarest v. Wynkoop,
3 Johns. Ch. Rep. 135; Story's Equity Pleading, 757; Strimpler v. Roberts, 6 Harris, 302; Elmendorf v. Taylor, 10 Wheaton, 168; Underwood v. Lord Courtown, 2 Scho. & Lef. 71; Dike-
man v. Parish, 6 Barr, 211; 1 Powell on Mortg. 362 a,.n. 1.

MrE. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This is an appeal from the decree of the Circuit Court, for the Western District of Pennsylvania.
The complainants represented in their bill that their ancestor,
Thomas Cromwell, was seised of a tract. of land, containing one hundred and seventy acres, situate in the county of Alleghany, at or nearly adjoining the city of illeghany, and also a certain lot of land situate in the city of Pittsburg, which were mortgaged by the said Cromwell to secure a debt of twenty-one thousand dollars which he owed to the Bank of Pittsburg. That the bank, on the 9th of June, 1820, caused a writ of scire facias to issue on the mortgage in the Court of Common Pleas, which had jurisdiction of 'the case, a service of which was accepted by the said Cromwell in writing, but that said writ was never legally returned. That without any judgment on the mortgage a writ of levari facias was issued, and the lands mortgaged were levied on and sold, and the bank became the
purchaser.
That on the 1st of December, 1835, the bank, by its attorney. Bradford, moved the court for a rule on Thomas Cromwell, the defendant, to show cause on the second Monday of December, why the record of the case should not be arnended on the docket, so that the judgment, which appears among the papers, should be entered as of September 13th, 1820. The rule was granted, and on the 14th of December, 1835, the same was made absolute, and judgment, nunc pro tune entered in favor of the bank by the prothonotary of the court.

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

677

Slicer et al. v. The Bank of Pittsburg.

And on the 16th of March, 1836, the said. Bradford moved

that the scirefacias,which had been issued should be amended

by inserting the 13th of September, 1820, instead of the 13th

of May of the same year, so as to conform to the judgment,

and the motion was granted and the amendment made.

The judgment entered on the papers was as follows: The

Bank of Pittsburg sirefacias. "In my proper person I this day

appeared before the prothonotary in his office, and confessed

judgment to the .plaintiff for $21,740.40, besides costs, with

release of all errors without stay of execution' and that the

plaintiff shall have execution by levarifaciasto November term,

1820 :" signed, Thomas Cromwell-which paper the clerk states

was filed September 13th, 1820. This paper is alleged to be in

the handwriting of the attorney, but the signature is admitted

to be Cromwell's.

This authority, it is alleged, did not authorize the entry of a judgment, and that it was no part of the record, and cannot

show the judgment, it being no more than parol proof; which

cannot be received to establish a judgment, unless it be shown

that the book containing the original entry had been lost..

The bank is alleged to have been in possession, by itself and

tenants, of the propertysold; and that there being no judgment,

the proceedings on the scire facias are void, and that in equity

the bank should only be considered as a mortgagee and com-

pelled to account for the rents and profits, and be decreed to

release the mortgage on receiving the money and interest on

the debt due to the bank as aforesaid.

The complainants are shown to be the heirs of Thomas

Cromwell.

The bank, in its answer, admits the facts as set forth in the

bill as to the debt, the mortgage, the issuing of the scire facias,

the judgment, and the sale of the premises, &c., and alleges their'

validity, under the laws of Pennsylvania. That the mortgage

having been produced and the property sold, which, before the year 1829, wds sold, and conveyed by the bank to different indi-

viduals, and that it has ever since been in the hands of-innoeent purchasers; and it alleges there is no right of redemption under

the circumstances, and it prays that the bill may be dismissed.

at the cost of the complainants.

From the proceedings in this case it appears, that the records

of the court, where the proceedings on the mortgage were had, are kept loosely, and dififrently from the judicial records of the

courts of common law in England or in this country. But the

usage must constitute the law, under such circumstances, as.a

requirement of the forms observed elsewhere, would affect titles

under judicial sales to a ruinous extent.

VOL. XVI

49

578

SUPREME COURT.

Slicer et al. v. The Bank of Pittsburg.

By the Judiciary Act of Pennsylvania, of the 13th of April,
1791, it is provided that prothonotaries shall have the power to sign all judgments, writs, or process, &c., as they had for those purpohes when they were justices of the court. Before this
statute it appears that one of the justices of the court, having possession of the seal, signed all writs and judgments, took bail,
&c., and performed the duties of prothonotary. And under the above statute, the prothonotary still exercises many judicial
functions. The confession of judgment with release of errors, and the
agreement that execution should issue returnable to November term ensuing, evinced a desire on the part of the mortgagor, to
remove every obstructioa to a speedy recovery of the demand by the bank. The scire facias was returned to August term, 1820. This mo4e of procedure on a morl;gage was authorized
by a statute, and was intended as a substitute for a bill in chancery, there being no such court in Pennsylvania.
The objection to this judgment is, that it was not entered
upon the minutes kept by the prothonotary. It is in proof that these minutes or dockets were not carefully preserved by the prothonotary, and that the one in which this entry should have been made is lost, but there is no positive proof that any such
entry was made. The prothonotary took the confession of the judgment in
writing, and there can be no doubt he had power to do so. By
the practice of the common pleas, it seems the judgment is entered sometimes on the declaration, at others on a paper filed in the cause. From the entry of judgment the prothonotary is
enabled to make out the record in form when called for, but un-
less required, the proceedings are never made out at length.
For this purpose it would seem that the paper filed, containing the confession of a judgment by the defendant, would afford more certainty than the abbreviated manner, in which it was
usually entered. In Reed v. Hamet, 4 Watts's Rep. 441, the court say that judg-
ments by confession, on the appearance of the party in the office, taken by the prothonotary, though not universal, have, fiom time immemorial, been frequent, and their validity has never been questioned.
Confession of judgment is a part of the record when made
out, and it may be copied fiom the papers in the case. Cooper v. Gillett, 8 Serg. & R. 568; McCaalmont v. Peters, 13 Serg.
& R. 196; Lewis v. Smith, 2 Serg. & R. 142; Shaw v. Boyd, 12 Pa. State Rep. 216; 7 Serg. & R. 206.
The docket being lost, under the circumstances the court
would, if necessary, presume the 'entry ol' the judgment was

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

579

Slicer et al. v. The Bank of Pittsburg.'

made on it. This presumption would rest upon the fact, that judgment was confessed with the release of all errors, ind anagreement that execution should issue by the mortgagor, which execution did issue and on which the land was sold, shortly after
which the mbrtgagor surrendered the possession and an acquiescence by him and his heirs for thirty years, w6uld afford ample ground to presume that the prothonotary had performed the clerical duty of entering the judgment on the docket.
But the court had the power to make the amendment, which they did make, and which removed the objection, by causing the judgment to be entered nunc pro tune. This was a duty discharged by the court, in the exercise of a discretion, which no court can revise. Clymer v. Thomas, 7 Serg. & R. 178, 180; Chirac v. Reimcker, 11 Wheat. 302; Latshaw v. Stainman, 11 Serg. & R. 357-8; Walden v. Craig, 9 Wheat. 576.
If there had been-no judgment, under the circumstances, the complainants could have no right to redeem the premises.
The complainants file their bill to redeem the land, as mortgagors, which, by the improvements and the general increase
of the value of real estate where the property is situated, has become of great value. Thifty years have elalsed sin.ce it was sold, under the appearance, at least, of judicial authority. The property was purchased by the bank for less than the amount of the debt. By the confession of judgment, with a release of all errors, and an agreement that execution should be issued, the mortgagor did all he could to facilitate the pro-
ceedings and to secure a speedy sale of the premises. The bank, it seems, in the course of some six or nine years, sold the p o-
perty in lots to different purchasers, for something more, perhaps, than its original debt and interest. For nearly twenty-five years the purchasers have been in possession of the property, improving it and enjoying it as their own.
No dissatisfaction was expressed by the mortgagor, who vo-
luntarily relinquished the possession, and none appears to have been expressed by his heirs, until the commencement of this suit.
For thirty years the mortgagee and its grantees -have been in possession of the property, no claim of right being 3et up for the equity of redemption, or on any other .account. Under such circumstances a court of equity could give no relie had there been no legal judgment.
" Twenty years undisturbed possession, without any admission of holding under the mortgage, or treating it as a mortgage
during that period, is a bar to a bill to redeem. But if within
that period there be any account, or solemn acknowledgment of the mortgage as subsisting, it is otherwise. Dexter v. Arnold, 1 Sumn. C. C. Rep. 109.

SUPREME COURT.
Calvert et al. v. Bradler et a.
A mortgagor cannot redeem after a lapse of twenty years, after forfeiture and possession, no interest having been paid in the mean time, and no circumstances appearing to account for th& neglect. Hughes v. Edwards, 9 'Wheat. 489. Where the mortgagee brings his bill of foreclosure, the mortgage will, after the same length of time, be presumed to have been discharged unless there be circumstances to rspel the presumption, as payment of interest, a promise to pay, an acknowledgment by the mortgagor that the mortgage is still existing, and the like. Ib.
In every point of view in which the case may be considered, it is clear that there is no ground of equity, on which the complainants can have relief.
The decree of the Circuit Court is affirmed, with costs.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause, be, and the same is hereby aff rmed, with costs.

CHARLES B. CALVERT AND GEORGE I. IN ERROR, V. JOSEPH H. BRADLEY AND TON.

CALVERT, BENJAMIN

PLAINTIFFS
F. MIDDLE-

Where a lease was made by several owners of a house, reserving rent to cadh one in proportion to his interest, and there was a covenant on the part of the lessee that Ie would keep the premises in good repair and surrender them in like repair, this covenant was joint as respbets the lessors, and one of them (or two representing onl, interest) cannot maintain an action for the breach of it by the lessee.
The question examined, whether a mortgagee of a leasehold interest, reintaining out of possession, is liable upon the covenants of the lease. The Engli.-h and American cases reviewed and compared with the decisions of this court upon kindred points. But the court abstains from an express lecision, which is rendere-l unnecessary by the application of the principle first above mentioned to the cacw in hand.

THIS case was brought up by writ of error from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holder, in and for the county of Washington.
It was an Action of covenant brought by the Calverts againf
Bradley and Middleton, who weie the assignees of the unexpire, term and property in the house for the purpose of paying the

SUPREME COURT.
Conrad v. Griffey.
quire into the state of the trust, nor is he responsible for the faithful application of the money unless ieknew, or had suflicient information at the time, that the guardian contemplated a breach of trust, and intended to misapply the money, or was in fact, by the transaction, applying it to his own private purpose. The cases on this subject are reviewed by Cancellor Kent in Field v. Schieffelin, 7 Johns. Chan. 150. In order to follow trust funds which have been transferred to third persons, there must be a breach of trust in their transfer, and a collusion by the purchaser or assignee with the guardian, executor, or trustee.
If Brandon had taken the negroes belonging to plaintiff from his guardian, in payment of his debt, knowing the guardian was insolvent, and abusing his trust, a court of equity would compel him to return them to the ward, or pay their full value. But, in the case before us, Camp was dealing with his own property, and there is no pretence of any collusion with him by Brandon in the abuse of his trust. He has receivEd nothing which belonged to the ward, or which he is under any obligation to restore to him.
So far as the interest of the complainant were affected by this transaction, the object of it was to benefit, not to injure him. He may therefore assume the contract, and demand a specific execution .of it from the defendant, but has shown no right to rescind it and recover the money advanced in execution of it.
The decree of the court below is therefora affirmed.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of Alabama, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed, by this court, that the decree of the said District Court, in this cause, be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.
FnEDERIC D. CONRAD, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR v. DAviD GRIFFEY.
In11 Howard, 480, it is'said, "Where a witness was examined for the plaintiff, and the defendant offered in evidence aceelarations which he h id made of a contradictory character, and then the plaintiff offered to give in evidence others, affirmatory of the first, these last affirmatory declarations were not admissible, being made at a time posterior to that at which he made the contradictory declarations given in evidence by the defendant."
The case having been remanded to the Circuit Court under a rentrefaciasde nero, the plaintiff gave in evidence, upon-the new trial, the deposition taken under a recent commission of the same witness whose deposition was the subject of the former

DECEMBER TER3M, 1853.

39

Conrad r. Griffey.

examination, when the defendant offered to give in evidence the same affirmatory declarations which upon the former trial were offered as rebutting eviL.nce by the plaintiff. The object of the defendant being to discredit and contradict the deiosition of the witne-s taken under the recent commis'ion, the evidence was not ndmis-ible. He bhould have been interrogated respecting the statements, when he was examined under the commission. If his declarations had been made subequent to the commission, a new coninission rhould have been sued out, whethor his declarations had been written or verbal.

Tais case was brought up by -writ of error, from the Circuit

Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louis-

iana.

It was before this court at December term, 1S50, and is re-

ported in 11 Howard, 480.

In order to give a clear idea of the point now brought up for

decision, it may be necessary to remind the reader of some of

the circumstances of that case.

Griffey was a builder of steam-engines, in Cincinnati, and

made a contract with Conrad, a sugar planter, in Louisiana, to

put up an engine upon his plantation for a certain sumn. Dis-

putes having arisen upon the subject, Griffey brought his action

agaUinpostn Cthoenratdriatlo,

recover the amount claimned in 1849, the testimony

to

be

due,

of Leonard N. Nutz,

taken under a commission, was given in evidence. He was the

engineer who was sent by Grifftey to erect and work the ma-

chine. The deposition was taken on the 1st April, 1847. This

evidence being in favor of Griffey, the counsel for Conrad of-

fered the depositions of three persons to contradict the evidence

of Nutz. Griffey then produced, as rebutting evidence, a letter

written by Nutz to him, under date of April 3, 1846, which was

admitted by the court below, and the propriety of which ad-

mission was the point brought before this court in 11 Howard.

This court having decided that the letter ought not to have been

received in evidence, the cause was remanded under an order to

award a venirefacias de novo.

Before the cause came on again fTr trial, Griffey took the tes-

timony of Nutz again under a 6ommission, on the 28th of

June, 1852, when the following proceedings were had, and bill

of exceptions taken.

Be it known, that on the trial of this cause, the plaintiff hav-
ing read in evidence the deposition of Leonard N. Nutz, taken under commission on the 28th June, 1852, and filed on the 9th July, 1952, the defendant then offered in evidence a letter of Leo-
nard N. Nutz, dated at New Albany, on the 3d April, 1846, with
an affidavit annexed by said Nutz of the same date, all addressed to the plaintiff in this cause; and as preliminary proof to the introduction of said letter, the defendant adduced the bill of exceptions

40

SUPREME COURT.

Conrad v. Griffey.

signed upon a, former trial of this cause, and filed on the 23d February, 1849, and the indorsement of the clerk upon said letter of its being filed, showing that said letter had been produced by the plaintiff in said former trial, and read by his counsel in evidence as the letter of said Nutz in support of a former depo-
sition of the same witness. And the said letter and affidavit were offered by said defendant to contradict and discredit the deposition of said witness taken on the said 28th of June, 18'52; but upon objection of counsel for the plaintiff that the said witness had not been cross-examined in reference to the writing of said letter, or allowed an opportunity of explaining the same, and that upon the former trial the counsel for defendant had objected to the same document as evidence, (and the objection had been sustained by the Supreme Court of the United States,) the court sustained the said objections, and refused to allow the said letter and affidavit annexed to be read in evidence; to which ruling the defendant takes this b'll of exception., and prays that the interrogatories and answers of said NutZ, taken
on said 28th June, 1862, the said letter and affidavit annexed, of data'the 3d April, 1846, with the indorsement of the clerk of filing the same, and the bill of exceptions filed on the 23d
February, 1849, be all taken and deemed as a part of this bill of exceptions, and copied therewith accordingly.
THEo. H. IC CALEB, U S. Td-e. [SrAL.].
Upon this exception, the case came up again to this court. It was argued by Itr. Bejamin, for the plaintiff in error, and by M]r. Gilbert, for the defendant in error.
3r. Benjamin, for plaintiff in error. From this bill of exceptions, it appears 1:hat the defendant in error, who was plaintiff in the cause below, offered in support of his case the testimony of Leonard N. Nutz, taken in St. Louis, on the 18th June, 1852, under a commission issued by the Circuit Court on the 5th of the same month. This testimony is found at p. 14 of the record. After the testimony of Nutz had been read, the defendant offered in evidence a letter of Nutz, dated 3d April, 1846, with his affidavit of the truth of the statements contained in .the letter, in order, as stated in the bill of .xceptions, " to contradict and discredit his deposition taken on the 28th June, 1852." The evidence thus offered by defendant, was rejected on two g7ounds: 1st. That -t"he. witness had not been cross-examined in reference to the writing of said letter, or allowed an opportunity of explaining the same;" and 2d. That "upon the former trial, the counsel for defendant had objected to the same

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

41

Conrad v.Griffey.

document as evidence, and that the objection had been sustained by the Supreme Court of the United States."
On the first ground, the objection to the evidence proceeds on a misapprehension of a'rule of practice in relation to the crossexamination of a witness. The rule and its reason are so clearly set forth in 1 Greenleaf on Evidence, § 462, (6th ed.) and the authorities there cited, that comment on it is unnecessary. The witness was not under cross-examination; his testimiony was not taken in court in the presence of the parties
where it was possible to give him an opportunity of explanation. It was impossible for tl-e defendant, in New Orleans, to know in advance what answers ihe witness would make in St. Louis to the questions propounded to him; and when those answers
were read on the trial, it was perfectly legitimate, to offer the forfmer written and sworn statements of the witness on the sub-
ject-matter, to contradict and discredit his later statements. On the second ground, it is sufficient to say that evidence is
frequently admis;4blc against a party that he is not allowed to offer in his own lavor, that iti.s fiequently admissible at one
period of the trial, wvhen not admissible at another; that it is frequently admissible for one purpose, when not admissible for another; and that the decision of the Supreme Courti in 11
Howard, did not determine that the evidence in question was totally inadmissible for any purpose by either party, at any time,
but only that it was not admissible for, the plaintiff in the cause for the purpose for which he offered it. An array of authorities in support of these elementary principles of the law of evideniee, would be deemed disrepectful to the court.

.ir. Gilbert,for defendant in error, made the following points:
First. To authorize proof of previous acts or declarations of a witnes., for the purpose of invalidating his testimony, the witness must, previous to the introduction of such evidence, be
examined as to the matter. The attention of the witness, Nutz, not having been called to the letter offered in evidence, and no opportunity allowed to explain what he intended by it, such letter was inadmissible in evidence to discredit him.
A witness should always be allowed to qxplain what he has said or done concerning the matter under investigation, otherwise his reputation might ,.nffer wrongfully. If his attention is not' called, by cross-examination, to the supposed contradiction, he will have no opportunity to explain seeming contradictions, or errors, by making more full statements,' or showing the con-
nection of things, or defining his meaning of expressions and the terms he may have used. No man always conveys his ideas
in the same language. Many, even of the most learned, fail to
4,*

SUPREM1E COURT.
Conrad v. Griffey.
express themselves clearly and properly. In such case, a few explanatory words may reconcile seeming contradictions. It would be unjust that the party should suffer where he has no means of giving an explanation, which may be most ample; and cruel to a witness to discredit him, thereby injuring his character, without allowing him an opportunity to show that he has committed no fault. Hence the r ale that contradictory statements and acts of an inconsistent chaxacter cannot be given in evidence, without preparing the way for its admission by cross-examining the witness as to the supposed contradictory statements.
Phillips on Evidence, p. 294, says: "Thus it appears that a witrress ought to be regularly .cross-examined as to the contradictory statements supposed to have been made by him on a former occasion, before such contradictory statements can be admitted in evide ice to impeach the credit of his testimony. And this rule has been extended not only to such contradictory statements, but also to other declarations of the witness, and acts done by him through the medium of declarations or words."
Roscoe, Criminal Evilence, p. 182, says: "But in order to let in this evidence, in contradiction, a ground must be laid for it in the cross-examination of the witness, who is to be contradicted. 'When a witness has been examined as to particular transactions, if the other side were permitted to give in evidence declarations made by him respecting those transactions at variance with his testimony, without first calling the attention of the witness to those declarations, and refreshing his memory with regard to them, it would, as has been observed, have an uniair effect upon his credit.'
In the Queen's case, 2 Brod. & Brag. 312, (6 Com. Law Rep. 130, 131,) Abbott, C. J., said: "If the witness admits the words or declarations imputed to him, the proof on the other side becomes unnecessary; and the witness has an opportmity of giving such reason, explanation, or exculpation of his conduct, if any there may be, as the particular transaction may happen to furnish."
In. Angus v. Smith, 1 Moody & Malkin, 473, (22 Com. Law Rep. 360,) Tindal, C. J., said: "I understood the rule to be, that before yoA' can contradict a witness b.y showing that he has at some other time said something inconsistent with his present evidence, you must ask him as to the time, place, and person involved in the supposed contradiction." Cowen & Hill's Notes, 774, 775; Williams v. Turner, 7 Geo. 348; Doe v. Reagan, 5 Blackf. 217; Johnson v. Kinsey, 7 Geo. 428; Franklin Bank v. Steam Nay. Co. 11 Gill & J. 28; Palmer v. Haight, 2 Barbour, Sup. C. Rep. 210, 213; McKinney v. Neil, 1 McLean,

DECEM1BER 'IERM, 1853.

43

Conrad v. Griffey.

R. 540; Moore v. Battis, 11 Humph. 67; The United States v. Dickinson, 2 McLean, R. 325; Chapin v. Siger, 4 McLean, R. 378, 381; Wienzorpffin v. The State, 7 Blackf. 186; Check v.
Wheatley, 11 Humph. 556; Beebe v. DeBaun, 3 Eng. R. 510; McAteer ii. McMulen, 2 Barb. 32; Clemcntine v. The State, 14
Mo. 112; Regnier v. Cabot, 2 Gilman's R. 34; King v. Wicks, 20 TOhhe1ior,u8le7. is the same whether the evidence offered by way of contradiction rests in parol, 9r is in writing. In Roscoe's
Criminal Evidence, p. 182, he says: " So, what has been said or written by a witness at a previous time may be given in evidence to contr-adict what he has said on the trial, if it relate to
the matter in issue." . . . "But in order to let in this evidence in contradiction, a ground must be laid for it in the cross-exa-
mination -of the witness who is to be contradicted."
3 Starkie's Evidence, 1740, 1741. "Where the question is so connected with the point in issue that the witness may be contradicted by other evidence, if he deny the fact, the law itself requires that the question should be put to the witness, in order to afford him an opportunity for explanation, -although the an-
swer may involve him in consequences highly penal." Same, p. 1753, 1754. The Queen's case, 2 Brod. & Bing 284, (6 Com.
Law Rep. 112,) proceeds throughout upon this principle.
Greenleaf, vol. 1, p. 579, in relation to laying a foundation by cross-examination, before offering contradictory evidence, says: " This course of proceeding is considered indispensable, from a sense of justice to the witness; for as the direct tendency of the evidence is to impeach his veracity, common justice requires that by first calling his attention to the .subject he should have an opportunity to recollect the facts, and, if necessary, to correct
the statement already given, as well as by a reexamination to explain the nature, circumstances, meaning, and design of what he has proved elsewhere to have said. And this rule is extended, not only to contradictory statements by the witness, but to
other declarations, and to acts done by him through the medium of verbal communications, or corresponddnce, which are offered -with a view either to contradict his testimony in chief, or to prove him a corrupt witness himself, or to have been guilty of
attempting to corrupt others." In Carpenter v. 'Wall, 11 Adol. & El. 803, (39 Com. Law
Rep. 234,) Denman, C. J., the other judges concurring, said: " When words are to be proved as having been uttered by a
witness, it is always expected that he shall have an opportunity to explain." Regina v. St. George, 9 Car. & Pa. 483, (38 Com.
Law Rep. 198); Johnson v. Todd, 5 Beavan, 600, 602, cited 1 Greenleaf on Ev.p. 581; Conrad v. Griffev, 11 Howard, 480.

44

SUPREME COURT.

Conrad v. Griffey.

1 Greenleaf on Ev. p. 579, in note beginning at the bottom of
the page, where it issaid the rule in the Queen's case is adopted in the United States, except in Maine and Massachusetts, and cites 2 Cowen & Hill's Notes on Phil. Ev. p. 774.
Jenkins v. Eldridge, 2 Story's Rep. 181, 284, Story, J. says: If one party should keep back evidence which the other might explain, and thereby take him by surprise, the court will give no effect to such evidence, without first giving the party to be affected by it an opportunity of controverting it. This course
may be a fit one in casts where otherwise gross injustice may be done."
Crowley v. Page, 7 Carrington & Payne, 789, (32 Com. Law Rep. 737.) " If the witness made a previous contradictory statement, in writing, on a matter relevant to the .issue, he may be asked, on cross-examination, whether the paper containing it is in his handwriting; and if he admit it, that will entitle the ther side to read it; and if he contradicts the evidence of the witness, he may be called back to explain it." 4 Harrison's Dig. 2948, No. 11.
Yeos v. The State, 4 Eng. R. 42. "Where a witness has made a different statement from the one made by him on the trial, he is not thereby discredited, unless thd discrepancy i wilful."
Story v. Saunders, 8 Humph. R. 663. " When the deposition of a witness is taken, evidence of his having made contradictory statements are not admissible to impeach his testimony, unless an opportunity to explain had been firstoffered him."
The contradictory statement offered in this case was the wit-
ness's testimony on a previous trial. In Everson v.. Carpenter, 17 Wend. 419, referring to the
requisites for admitting a written instrumEnt by way of contradiction, Cowen, J., said: "It was introduced, with the proper preliminary question to the witness, whether he had made the indenture and the representation about t be imputed to him. He answered with such explanations as occurred to him. Here was all the precaution required by this kind of examination by
the Queen's case and others." In Kimball v. Davis, 19 Wend. 437, Nelson C. J. considered
this question at length, in a case where he defendant offered to prove that witnesses who had been examined undera commission, had subsequently made statements contradicting their written testimony. The marginal note of this decision is in these words :
"The declarations of witnesses whose testimony has been taken under a commission, made subsequent to the taking of theit testimony, contradicting or invalidating their testimony as

DEC'EMBER TERM, 1853.

45

Conrad v. Griffcy.

contained in the depositions, is inadmissible inevidence, if objected to; the only way for the party to avail himself of such declarations, is to sue out a second commission; such evidence is always inadmissible until the witness whose testimony is thus
sought to be impeached, has been examined upon the point, and his attention particularly directed to the circumstances of the transaction, so as to furnish him an opportunity for explanation
or exculpation."
This case went to the Court of Errors, and is reported in the 25th of Wend., 259, where it was affirmed. Walworth, Chan-
cellor, there said: "I concur with the Supreme Court in the opinion that it was improper to give the declarations of the witnesses in evidence without giving them, in the first place, an
opportunity to explain; and the fact that the witnesses had been examined under a commission did not prevent the operation of
the principle upon which the rule is founded." Edwards, Senator, said lie was satisfied with Chief Justice
Nelson's reasoning on this question. Howell v. Reynolds, 12 Alabama R. 128. "The rule that a
witness cannot be contradicted by proof of previous counter declarations, either written or verbal, applies to testimony taken by deposition, and if such supposed contradictory declarations exist at the time the deposition is taken, the witness must have
an opportunity afforded him of explaining it, if in his power. "The reason of the rule is, that he may have it in his power to explain the apparent contradiction, and the rule is the same, whether the declaration of the witness supposed to contradict
his testimony be written or verbal." 3 Stark. Ev. 1741. " The question is iisually made when the witnesses are examined orally
in open court, and in our opinion it must also apply to testimony
taken by deposition, as the deposition is a mere substitute for the witness; and we can perceive no reason why a witness testifying in this should not be entitled to the same protection as if he had testified ormlly, in the presence of the court and jury. If this paper existed when the plaintiff was notified that the deposition of the witness was to be taken, and was informed by
the interrogatories of the testimony the witness was expected
to give, it was his duty to give him an opportunity of explaining it, if le could, and reconciling it with the evidence he then gave, if there was any real or apparent contradiction between them."

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court. This is a writ of error to the Circuit Court of the United States, for the Eastern District of Louisiana. This action was brought to recover the balance of three thou-

46

SUlPIRE3E COURT.

Conrad v. Griffey.

5and seven hundred and eighty-one dollars and fifty-eight cents, claimed to be due under a contract to furnish, deliver, and set up, on the plantation of the defendant, in the parish of Baton Rouge, a steam-engine and sugar-mill boilers, wheels, cane carriers, and all other things necessary for a sugar-mill; all which articles were duly delivered.
The defendant in his answer set up several matters in defence.
The error alleged arises on the rejection of evidence offered by the defendant on the trial before the jury, and which appears in the bill of exceptions. The plaintiff read in evidence the deposition of Leonard N. Nutz, taken under a commission on the 28th oft June, 1852, and filed the 9th of July succeeding. The defendant then offered in evidence a letter of the witness
dated at New Albany, on the 3d April, 1846, Aith an affidavit annexed by him of the same date, addressed to the plaintiff Griffey. As preliminary proof to the introduction of said letter, the defendant adduced the bill of exceptions signed upon a former trial, of this cause, and filed on the 23d February, 1849, showing that the letter had been produced by the plaintiff in the
former trial, and read by his counsel inevidence as the letter of Nutz, in support of a former deposition made by him. And the said letter and affidavit were offered by t ae defendant to contradict and discredit the deposition of the witness taken the 28th June, 1852; but upon objection or counsel for the plaintiff that the witness had not been eoss-examined in reference to the writing of said letter, or allowed an op- ortunity of explaining the same, it was rejected.
6t:he former trial the leter was offered in.evidence by the
plaintiff in th, Circuit Court, to corroborate what Nutz, the witness, at that time had sworn to; and the letter was admitted to be read 'or that purpose by the court. On a writ of error, this court held that the Circuit Court erred in admitting the letter as .evidence, and on that ground reverrid the judgment. Conrad v. Griffey, 11 How. 492.
The rule is well settled in England, that a witness cannot be impeached by showing that, he had made contradictory statements from those sworn to, unless on his examination he was asked whether he had not made such statements to the individuals by whom the proof was expected to be given. In the
Queen's case, 2 Brod. & Bing. 312; Angus v. Smith, 1 Moody & Alalka\ 473; 3 Starkie's Ev. 1740, 1753, 1754; Carpenter v. Wall, 11 AdoL & Ellis, 803.
This rule is founder :'.pon common sens3, and is essential to protect the character of a witness. His memory is refreshed by the necessary inquiries, which enables him to explain the state-

DECEMBER TERli , 1853.

47

Conrad v. Griffey.

ments referred to, and show they were made under a mistake, or that there was no discrepancy between them and his testimony.
This rule is generally established in this country as in England. Doe v. Reagan, 5 Blackfozd, 217; Franklin Bank v. Steam Nay. Co. 11 Gill & Johns. 28; Palmer v. Haight, 2 Barbour's Sup. Ct. R. 210, 213; 1 McLean's R. 540; 2 Ib. 325; 4lb. 378,381; Jenkins v. Eldridge, 2 Story's Rep. 181,284; Kimball v. Davis, 19 Wend. 437; 25 Wend. 259. " The declara-
tion of witnesses whose testimony has been taken under a commission, made sub*equent to the taking of their testimony, con-
tradicting or invalidating their testimony as contained in the depositions, is inadmissible, if objected to. The only way for the party to avail himself of such declarations is to sue out a second commission." "Such evidence is always inadmissible until the witness, whose testimony is thus sought to be impeached, has been examined upon the point, and his attention particularly directed to the circumstances of the transaction, so as to furnish him an opportunity for explanation or exculpation."
This rule equally applies whether the declaration of the witness, supposed to contradict his testimony, be written or verbal. 3 Starkie's Ev. 1741.
A written statement or deposition is as susceptible of expla-
nation, as verbal statements. A different rule prevails in Massachusetts and the State of Maine.
The letter appears to have been written six years before the deposition -was taken which the letter was offered to discredit.
This shows the .,ecessity and propriety of the rule. It is not probable that, after the lapse of so many years, the letter was in the mind of the witness when his deposition was sworn to.
But, independently of the lapse of time, the rule. of evidence is a salutary one, and cannot be dispensed with in the courts of' the United States. There was no error in the rejection of the letter, under the circumstances, by the Circuit Court; its judgment is therefore affirmed, with costs.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged, by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, affirmed,'with costs and interest, utitil paid, at the same rate per annum that similar judgments bear in the courts of the State of Louisiana.

SUPRE-ME COURT.
Stuart et al. v. 31axwel.
Mr. Lawrence in this case on the 16th ultimo, and of the argunents of counsel thereupon had as well against as in support of the -motion; it is now here ordered by the Court, that said motion be, and the same is hereby overruled.

JOHN STUART, JOSEPH STUART, JAMES STUART, AND WILLIAM
H. SCOTT, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, V. HUGH M.AXWELL.

The twentieth section of the Tariff Act of 1842 provides, that on all articles manufactured from two or more materials, the duty shall bl,assessed at the highest rates
at which any of its component parts may be chargeable. (5 Stat. at L. 566.) This section was not repealed by the general clause in the Tariff Act of 1846, by
which all acts, and parts of acts, repugnant to the r.rovisions of that act, (1846,) were repealed. Consequently, where goods were entered as being manufactures of linen and cotton, it was proper to impose upon them a duty of twenty-live per cent. ad valores, such
being the duty imposed upon cotton articles, in Schedule D, by the Tariff Act of 1846. (9 Stat. at L.46.)

THIS case was brought up by writ of error, from the Circuit

Court of the United States for the Southern District of New

York.

The plaint.'. in error, who were plaintiffs below, sued the

collector to recover moneys for duties, paid under protest, al-

leged to have been overcharged at the port of New York, in

July, 1849. Verdict and judgment for defendant.

The plaintiffs made entry at the custom-house of goods as

being "manufactures of linen and cotton." The appraisers re-

ported them to be manufactures of cotton and flax.

Upon such goods cbllector Maxwell charged duties at the

rate of 25 per cent. ad valorem,.according 1:othe 20th section of

the act of 30th August, 1842, which enacted, " ......

And

on all articles manufactured from two or more materials, the

duty shall be assessed at the highest rates at which any of its

component parts may be chargeable." 5 Stat. at Large, by

Little & Brown, p. 566, chap. 270.

The collector applied this 20th section to Schedule D, of the

act of 30th July, 1846; (9 Stat. at Large, by Little & Brown, p. 46,

chap. 74,) by which a duty of twenty-five per cent. ad valorem

was imposed on "cotton laces, cotton insertings, cotton trim-

ming laces, cotton laces and braias ......

.; manufactures

composed wholly of cotton, not otherwise provided for;" being

so instructed by.the acting Secretry of the Treasury, by circular

of May 8th, 1848.

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

151

Stuart et al. v. Maxwell.

The plaintiffs, in their protest, contended, "that under exist-

ing laws, said goods are liable to a duty of twenty per cent. as

a non-enumerated article," ......

"under the 30th section

of the tariff of 30th of July, 1846," dated 25th July, 1849, and

8th January, 1850.

The plaintiffs proved by witnesses, that the goods entered at

the customs in schedule A, were reported by the appraisers as

manufactures of cotton and flax; that he paid the duties thereon

at the rate of twenty-five per cent. ad valorern; that they

were manufactures composed of cotton and flax; "that the

proportion of flax in the goods varies considerably, being in

some about ahalf, in others about a third or a fourth; but that

the flax is the material of chief value in the goods; that the

appraisers' report of the goods as 'Imanufactures of flax and

cotton,' means that the fabrics were composed of linen and

eotton combined. None of them. were manufactures of cottn'

or flax alone."

The plaintiffs' counsel prayed the court to instruct, "that if

the jury shall find from the evidence that the goods in question

were manufactures of 'linen and cotton combined,' and not

'manufactures composed wholly of cotton,' then that duty was

exacted at the rate of twenty-five per cent. ad valorem, when

the goods were subject only to twenty per cent. ad valoren, as

a non-enumerated article, under the 3d section of the tariff of

1846." That instruction the court refused:

And charged the jury, that if they believe the goods in ques-

tion are manafactures of flax and cotton combined, then, inas-

much as the 20th section of the tariff of 1842, directs that "on

all 'articles from two or more materials the duty shall be assessed

at the highest rate at which any of its component parts may be

chargeable, the goods in question are subject to the same charge

as articles enumerated under schedule D, as if manufactures

composed wholly of cotton not otherwise provided for, and that

they are therefore not articles subject to the duty of twenty per

cent. only under 3d section of the tariff of 184."

To the refusal to 'charge as moved by plaintiffs, and to the

charge as given to the jury, the plaintiffs excepted.

Upon this exception the case came up to this court.

It was argued by Mr. ohn S. 11c Cuilok, for the plaintiffs in error, and by Mr. Cushin., (Attorney-General,) for the defend-
ant.

11r. .11cCule/7 filed a voluminous brief, from which the reporter can only make an extract, and selects that point upon
which the decision of the court appeared chiefly to turn, namely the 4th point in the brief; and upon this point he is obliged

152

SUPREME COURT.

Stuart et al. v. Maxwell.

to omit the arguments and illustrations under the heads B
and C The points made by Mr. McCullok, were the following: The Court erred in refusing to rule, as prayed by the plain-
tiffs, that the gbods being "manufactures of cotton and linen combined," and not "manufactures composed wholly of cotton," were subject to only twenty per cent. ai valorein, as "nonenumerated articles," under section 3d of the tariff of 1846; and also in charging the jury that "the goods were liable to twenty-five per cent. duty under schedule D, as if they were manufactures composed wholly of cotton, l)ecause the 20th section of the tariff of 1842 directed that in all articles manufactured from two or more materials, the duty shall be assessed at the 'highest rate at which any of the component parts may
be chargeable," for the following reasons, 1:o wit: 1st. The tariff of 1846, by its first section, substitutes the
rates of duty thereby assessed upon the rnerchs ndise specifically enumerated in its schedules from A to H, in lieu of the duties theretofore imposed by all previous laws oa the articles therein enumerated, and on such articles as were then exempt from duty.
2d. The tariff of 1846 specially enumerates, in its schedule I,
all articles that should be exempt from duty. . 3d. All articles not specially enumerated in the schedules
from A to I of the Tariff of 1846, pay a duty of twenty per cent. only, and'no raore.
4th. The provisions of the 20th section, tariff of 1842, which require that "on all articles manufactured from two or more materials, the duty shall be assessed at- the highest rates at which any of its component parts may be chargeable," are inconsistent with and repugnant to, - (a.) The object and policy of the tariff of 1846; (b.) The provisions of section 1 and schedules D and E of the tariff of 1846; (z.) The 3d section of
the tariff of 1846. 5th. But the 20th section of the Tariff of 1842 is not merely a
principle or rule of construction, and it -cannot, when applied to the act of 1846, bring any article not specially named within
any of the schedules from A to I, of 1846: nor take any article out of 'the provision of section 3, which imposes twenty per cent. on all articles not enumerated in said act of 1846.
(a.) The object and policy of the act of 1946 do not permit the 20th sect. of the tariff of 1842 to operate on t4e 3d sect. of 1846.
The act of 1841, c. 24, (5 L. U. S. 463, 464,) is the first act in which this clause occurs; and the act of 1841 had for its object the carrying out of the policy of the Compromise Act of
1833 c. 5*5, (4 L. U; S. 629,) and by its first section provides, that "on articles then (11th Sept. 1841) exempt from duty," or

DECEIMBER TERTN, 1853.

153

Stuart et al. v. Maxwell.

"then paying less than twenty per cent. ad valorern," there should be levied and paid (after the 30th Sept. 1841) a duty
of t enty per cent. ad valorem," except on the articles thereby exempted by name, &c. Then by its 2d section, 1841, c. 24, directs, "That on every enumerated article, similar in material, quality, texture, or use, to any enumerated article chargeable
with duty, there shall be levied the same rate of duty which is levied on the enumerated article which it most resembles, &e.; and if it resembles equally two or more enumerated articles on which different rates of duty are now chargeable, there shall be levied the same rate of duty as is chargeable. on the articles which it resembles, paying the highest duty; and on all articles manufactured from two or more materials, the duty shall be assessed at the highest rates at which any of its cOwponent parts may be chargeable;" this is followed by two provisos, namely: 1st. That if a duty higher than twenty per cert,. shall be levied under .the section, it shall not affect the disposition of the proceeds of the public lands. 2d. That no higher rate than twenty per cent. shall be charged on any unmanufactured article.
The act of 1841 does not profess to change the object of the
Compromise Act, but aims at the levying of an uniform rate of twenty per cent. ad valorem, which was the uniform rate which
the biennial reductions under the Compromise Act intended to
effect. See 1833, c. 5, 4 L. U. S. 629. The 20th section of tariff 1842, is identical in words with the
act of 1841, § 2, except that the "now" and the two provisos
are dropped. The terms, "non-enumeratect articles," used in the act of
1841, then mean "articles" not specially named in the tariffs
of 1 32, July 14th, and 1833, c. 55. The sazae terms, "non-enumerated articles," used in § 20,
tariff of 1842, have necessarily relation to § 10 of the act of 1842,
which declares-" That on all articles not herein enumerated or provided for, there shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty of twenty per cent. ad valorem." The act of 1842, c. 270, by its sections from 1 to 9, inclusive, had substituted the duties therein specified on the articles thereby enumerated in lieu of
the rates theretofore existing; and by its sections 10 and 20, pre-
scribed twenty per cent. for articles not specially named or enume-
rated in said act, with the direction, that if higher duties could be exacted by reason of the material, texture, quality, use or fabric of articles not enumerated in said act, such higher rates
of duty should be taken.
The words of the 20th section are in the present tense. They are (' the same rate of duty which is levied and charged," and the

SUPREME COURT.
Stuart et a.,Y. Maxwell.
terms ,therein of "may be chargeable," can only kelate to the charging by said act, because: 1st, it repealed all other rates theretofore laid, §§ 1 and 26; and 2d, all revenue acts in fixing rates of duty speak of the rates established in said acts, or.in former acts; and 3d, to make provisions prospective rules for finding rates, express words of future efficacy must be employed. See Mills v. St. Clair Co. et al. 8 How. 569; Amer. Fur Co. v. U. S.2 Peters, 3.58.
And in § 20 of tariff of 1842, no prospective words to control the rates that might thereafter be levied exist.
There never were any rules established by acts of Congress, nor by judicial decisiohs, by -which it was laid down as a principl "that if any article were composed cf two or more materials itshould,'to favor commerce, be rated according to that. component which was subject to the lowest rate of duty." The whole of the tariff Acts of the United Stales proceed upon this plan - 1st, enumerating the articles subjected to given rates of duty; 2d, enumerating those exempted; and 3d, fixing an uniform rate or rates on articles not specially enumerated.
The courts have as uniformly held, that the only rules for finding the rates of duty were to look for the article: "1st. Among those named by species or -class. 2d. Among those exempted. And 3d. If not there found, it was non-enumerated." Such have been the decisionjs in Elliott v. S.wartwout, 10 Pet. 137; Hardy v. Hoyt, 13 Pet. 292. The rules have been by the courts recognized to be these: 1st. The commercial name or class is to govern, bnd if the article belong equally well to two classes, the- lowest tax shall be taken, (ex. flax-seed and linseed, schedules E and G, tariff, 1846.) 2d. That E. slight difference in - the make of the article shall not e: clude it from its class. See Hall v. Hoyt, Ex. Doe. No. 49, 26th Cong. sect. 18, p.'33 ; Elliott v.-Swartwout, 10 Pet. 137; 4 Cranch, 1; 6 Cranch, 284. 13d. That an article must have its entire fabric composed of hemp or flax to fall within the description of a manufacture of flax or hemp. See Hoyt v. Haight, Ex. Doc. No.49, 26th Cong. sect. 1, p. 36.
4th. That an article composed of two materials,'such as hemp -and flax, if manufacturers of hemp or flax be not specially enumerated as a class, is a non-enumerated arf'cle. See Hoyt v. - Haight, Ex. Doe. No. 49, 26th Cong. sect. 1, p.36.
5th. That ifa.n article is not, at the .time of the passage of the Tariff Act, known bythe name or class used in the tariff, then it is- a non-enumerated article; and the use to which it may be put makes no difference. See Curtis v. Martin, 3 How. 106, - article, Cotton Bagging. I A comparison of the rates of duty assessed by the tariff of

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.
Stuart et al. v. Maxwell.
1842, ,ith those assessed by the tariff of 1846, has been authentically made, and is contained in Ex. Senate Doe. No. 227, 29 Cong. I S. pp. 78 to 100. And by an attentive examination of that document, it will be perceived that in the tariffs from 1789 to 1816 the rates were laid very uniformly; that from 1816 t6 1833 they gradually increased; that the tariff of 1842 is the most discriminative in favor of American manufactures, and laid higher duties than any other tariff of the United States.
The act of 1846, then, from this comparison, merits the title which it bears, namely, "An act reducing the duty on imports and for other purposes." The object and design of the" act of 1846 was, then,
1st. to reduce the duties on imports. 2d. Thereby to increase the revenue, in view of he 1exican
war, &c. 3d. To specify all articles by name, and subject them to duty
thereby; to exempt some few from duty, and to provide an uniform rate for all not enumerated.
The title of a revenue act guides in its interpretation. Strad ling-v. Morgan, Plow. 203; King v. Cartwright, 4 T. R. 490; The King v. G. Marks, et al. 3 East, 160; Rex v. Inhabitants of Gwenop, 3 T. R. 133.
So the preamble is also a guide to the interpretation of such an act. Salkeld v. Johnson, 1 Hare, 207; Emanuel v. Constable, 3 Russ. 436; Foster v. Banbury, 3 Sim. 40; U. S. v. Palmer, 3 Wheat. 610; State v. Stephenson, 2 Bail. 334; Burgett v. Burgett, 1 Ham. 469.
Looking back over the statute-book at the act of 1841, it was evidently framed upon the idea of the Compromise Act of 1833, and its second section enacts the rules of similitude and highest duty paying the component only with reference to articles which were then not enumerated by the then existing tariff acts.
And the act of 1842 was intended to levy the highest possible rates on all manufactures, with the view of protecting domestic manufactures, and hence it enacted by section 20 that similitude and highest duty paying component, as by that act assessed, should be graftedupon the 10th section,which assessedtwentyper cent. ad valoren "on all articles not therein enumerated or provided for." This ig conclusively shown when the 10th and 20th sections are read as one section, according to the rule that requires one clause to be read with other clauses, in order to determine the' sense of the words used. Crespigny v. Wittenoom, 4 T. R. 791; 4 Bing. 196; The Emily and Caroline, 9 Wheat. 884 ; 1 Inst. 381; Stowell v. Zouch, Plow. 365; 1 Show. R. 108; Rex v. Burchett, Hard..344.

156

SUPREME COURT.

Stuart et al. v. Maxwell.

rJrC. ushing, (Attorney-General,) conte:aded that there was no error in the instructions of the Circuit Court.
Linen is itself a manufacture, a thing made by art, a cloth made of flax or 'hemp, not a material for manufacture. The entry made by the plaintiffs at the custom-house of their goods,
as "manufactures of linen and cotton," was an absurd description, a vulgarity which could not change the materials of which the goods were manufactured, a stratagem which could not elude the revenue laws, nor stop the ofcial appraisers from
reporting the truth, that the goods so entered, were manufactures of cotton and flax. So the appraisers reported, so the
plaintiff's own witnesses proved.
The 20th section of the act of 30th Augustf, 1842, is in force.
It is not repealed by the act of 30th July. 1846. The 11th section of the act of 30th July, 1846, enacts, " That
all acts and parts of acts repugnant to the provisions of this act be, and the same are, hereby repealed." There is nothin-g in this act of 1846 repugnant to the provisions of the 20th section of the act of 30th August, 1842. They can stand together with consistency.
In Wood v. United States, 16 Peters, 362, 363, this court stated the rule, that, "It is not sufficient to establish that subsequent laws cover some, or even all of the cases provided for by it; for they may be merely affirmative, or cumulative, or auxiliary. But there must be a positive repLgnancy between the provisions of the new law and those of. the old, and even then
the. old law is repealed by implication only, ,pro tanto, to the extent of the repugnancy. And it may be added, that, in the
interpretation of all laws -for the collection of revenue, whose provisions are often very complicated and numerous, to guard against frauds by importers, it would be a strong ground to assert that the main provisions of any &uch laws sedulously introduced to meet the case of a palpable fraud, should be deemed repealed, merely because in subsequent laws, other powers and authorities are given to custom-house officers, and
other modes of proceeding are allowed to be had by them, bebefore the goods have passed from their custody, in order to ascertain whether there has been any fraud attempted upon the government. The more natural, if not the necessary inference in all such cases is, that the legislature intend the new laws to
be auxiliary to and in aid of the purposes of the old law, even -whensome of the cases provided for may be equally within the reach of each. There certainly, under such circumstances, ought to be a manifest total repugnancy in the provisions to
lead to the conclusion that the latter laws abrogated, and were designed to abrogate, the former."

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

157

tuart et al. r,. Maxwell.

The law does not favor repeals by implication; nor is it to

be allowed, unless the repugnancy be quite plain; and although

the acts be seemingly repugnant, yet they should, if possible,

have such construction that the latter may not be a repeal of

the former by implication. Bac. Abr. Stat. D; Foster's Case,

11 Coke, 63; Veston's Case, 1 Dyer, 347; Snell v. Bridgewater

Cotton Gin Man. Co. 24 Pick. 296, 298; Dwanrris on Statutes,

ed. 1848, p. 531, 533; Smith's Commentaries, ch. 19.

"A later statute on a given subject, not repealing an earlier

one in terms, is not to be taken as a repeal by implication,

unless it is plainly repugnant to the former, or unless it fully

embraces the whole subject-matter." Per Shaw, C. J., Goddard

v. Barton, 20 Pick. 407, 410.

"Acts la p6Lri Tateria are to be taken together as one law,

and are to be so construed, that every provision in them may,

if possible, stand. Courts, therefore, should be scrupulous how

they give sanction to supposed repeals by implication." Per

Wilde, J., Haynes v. Jenks, 2 Pick. 172, 176.

Therefore, it seems clear, that the 20th section of the act of

1842)is in force.

"The correct rule of interpretation is, that if divers statutes

relate to the same thing, they ought all to be taken into con-

sideration in construing any one of them, and it is an esta-

blished rule of law, that all acts in part materia are to be taken

together, as if they were one law." United States, v. Freeman,

3 Howard, 564; Ailesbury v. Pattison, 1 Doug. 30; Rex v. Lox

dale and others, 1 Burr. 447; Bac. Abr. Statute I, pi. 21, 22,

23, 24.

From these authorities, the 20th section of the act of 1842,

and the act of 1846, July 30th, relating to duties on imports,

"-are to be taken together, as if they were one law." By the

law, a duty of twenty-five per cent. ad valorem is imposed on

goods mentioned in schedule D, which comprises manufactures

of cotton; and a duty of twenty per cent. ad valorern is imposed

on goods mentioned in schedule E, which comprises manufac-

tures of flax, and manufactures of hemp. But the goods entered

by the plaintiff at the custom house, which are the subjects of

this suit, were manufactures composed of cotton and flax, partly

of the one material and partly of the other. None of them

were composed wholly of flax, nor wholly of cotton,.but com-

pounded of both, Therefore, by the said 20th section, the

duties upon such articles, manufactured from, the two materials

of cotton and flax were chargeable with the duty "assessed at the highest rates at which any of its component parts may be

chargeable."

The 3d section of the act of 1846, (Vol. 9, p. 46, chap. 74,)

VOL. XVI.

14

158

SUPREMTE COURT.

Stuart et al. v. Maxwell.

which imposes " On all goods, wares aiad merchandise, imported from foreigf countries, and not specially provided for in this act, a duty of twenty per centum ad valorem," must be understood as comprehending only such articles, whether simple
or compound, manufactured or not maniifactured, as are not of any of the materials charged.with duties by the act of 1846.
If that.3d section be not so limited, and the said 20th section
of the act of 1842 be not applied to all articles, manufactured from two or more of the materials charged with duty in the several schedules of the act of 1846, then the rates of duty above twenty per cent. may, in a great variety of "atticles, be evaded
and reduced to twenty per cent. by manufacturers, entered under new names, composed of two or more materials, one or more of them chargeable with a duty of one hundred, or of forty, or of thirty, or of twenty-five per cent. ad valorem, and mixed -with a material or materials chargeable with the lower
rates of duty. It is the necessary and proper understanding of this 3d sec-
tion, that it be confined and limited as above mentioned, and that the 20th section of the act of 1842 be applied to all articles manufactured f.om two or more articles chargeable with duty. If the decision-of the Circuit Court in this case is not sustained, we may expect a swarm, of entries to b2 made at the custom houses, of manufactures under new names, in evasion of the duties above the rate of twenty per cent. ad valorern intended by the act, of 1846. This suit to recover back duties above
twenty per cent. ad valorem upon goods manufactured of cotton and flax, entered at the custom house as "manufactures of linen and cotton," and subject only to a duty of twenty per cent., as nondescripts in the several schedr "s.A, B, C, D, E, F,
and G, is the beginning of a stratagem to -elude the revenue laws, which, if successful, may be continued and accompanied by others of the kind.

Mr. Justice CURTIS delivered the opinion of the court. The plaintifs in error brought their action in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York, against, the defendant, who was formerly collector of the
customs for the port of New Ybrk,-to recover moneys alleged to have been illegally exacted as duties. The plaintiffs entered
at the custom house certain goods as "manufactures of linen knd cotton," and claimed .to- have them admitted on Payment of the duty of twenty per cent. levied on unenumerated articles under the 3d section of the Tariff Act of 1.846. 'The defendant insisted that the 20th section of the Tariff Act of 1842 was in
force, and that by force of it these goods, being manufactured

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

159

Stuart et al. v. Maxwell.

partly of cotton, must be assessed twenty-five per cent., that being the duty imposed by the act of 1846 upon manufactures of cotton not otherwise pi'ovided for. If these articles are, for the purpose of fixing the amount of duty, deemed by law to be manufactures of cotton, it is not denied that the .duty was rightly assessed. And whether they are to be so reckoned and treated, depends upon the question whether the 20th section of the act of 1842 was repealed by the Tariff Act of 1846.
That 20th section is as follows: " That there shall be levied, collected and paid on each and every non-enumerated
article which bears a similitude either in material, quality, texture, or the use to which it may be applied, to any enumerated
article chargeable with duty, the same rate of duty which is levied and charged on the enumerated article which it most re-
sembles in any of the particulars before mentioned; and if any non-enumerated article equally resembles two or more enume-
rated articles on which different rates of duty are ihargeable, there shall be levied, collected, and paid on such non-enumerated
article the same rate of duty as is chargeable on the article it
resembles paying the highest rate of duty; and on all articles manufactured from two or more materials, the duty shall be
assessed at the highest rates at which any of its component parts may be chargeable."
This section is a reenactment of the 2d section of the Tariff Act of 1841. 5 Stat. at Large, 464.
The repealing clause in the act of 1846, is, "that all acts and parts of acts repugnant to the provisions of this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed." It is alleged by the plaintiffs
that repugnance exists between the 20th section of the act of
1842 and the act of 1846. The argument is, that the act of 1846 divides all imports-.into three classes; first, those specified' which are to be free of duty; second, those specified which are required to pay different but specific rates of duty; third, those
not specially provided for in the act, which are required to pay a duty of twenty per cent. ad valoren; that a manhfacture of
'cotton and flax not being included, nominatim, among the im-
ports which are to be exempted from, or subject to, duty, is necessarily embraced within the class of non-enumerated articles, and so are liable to a duty of twenty per cent. only; and that this argument is strengthened by the fact that, in Schedule.
D, manufactures composed wholly of cotton are taxed tventyfive per cent.; and thit if it had been intended-to tax manufac-
tares composed partly of cotton and partly of flax with a duty
of twenty-five per cent., they would have been specifically mentioned in this schedule; and 'that it is not admissible, under an

SUPREME COURT.
Stuart ct al. v. Maxwell.
act which, in terms, levies a tax of only twenty per cent. upon all imports not specially provided for, to kvy a tax of twentyfive per cent. upon an import not named or described in the act as liable to that rate of duty.
The force of this argument is admitted. It is drawn from sound principles of interpretation. But on a careful consideration of this case, we are of opinion that it ought not to prevail in the construction of this law.
The act of 1846 is a revenue law of the United States, and must be construed with reference to acts in. arimateria,of which it forms only one part. This observance of a settled principle for the construction of statutes is absolutely necessary in the present state of the legislation of Congress on the subject of revenue. Without it, the public revenue could not be collected, and inextricable embarrassments and difficulties must constantly occur. We are obliged to look at the whole existing system, and consider the nature of the subject-matter of the enactment under consideration, in its relations to tha system, in order to pronounce with safety upon its repugnancy to, or consistency with, any particular act of Congress.
In the first place, then, it must be observed, that the 20th section of the act of 1842 does not impose any particular rate of duty upon imports. It was designed to afford rules to guide those employed in the collection of the revenue, in certain cases likely to occur, not within the letter, but within the real intent and meaning of the laws imposing duties and thus to prevent evasions of those laws. Manufacturing ingenuity and sldll have become very great; and diversities may be expected to be made in fabrics adapted to the same rules, and designed to take the same places as those specifically described by some distinctive, marks, for the mere purpose of escaping from the duty imposed thereon. And it would probably be impossible for Congress by legislation to keep pace with the results of these efforts of interested ingenuity. To obviate, in part at least, the necessity of attempting to do so, this section was enacted.
It does not seem to be any more repugnant to the provisions of the act of 1846 than the great number and variety of provisions of the revenue laws, whose object was to cause the revenue to be regularly and uniformly .collected without evasion or escape. If this act of 1846 had in terms enacted the 20th section of the act of 1842, its provisions would riot thereby have been rendered repugnant or conflicting. This section would then only have afforded a rule by which it could be determined that certain articles did- substantially belong to and were to be reckoned as coming under a particular schedule. This is apparent, not only from a consideration of -he subject-matter of the

DECEM1BER TERM, 1853.

161

Stuart et al. v.'Maxwell.

20th section, when compared with the act'of 1846, but from the fact that this 20th section actually made part of an act whose subject-matter, and the outline of whose provisions, were the sam6 as those of the act of 1846. The act of 1842 levied duties on certain imports specifically named. It declared certain other articles, also specifically named, to be exempt from duty, and it provided that a duty of twenty per cent. ad valorem should be levied on all articles not therein provided for. Yet this 20th section made a consistent part of that act. The 26th section of the act of 1842 provides, "that the laws existing on first day of June, 1842, shall extend to and be in force for the collection of the duties imposed by this act on goods, wares, and merchandise imported into the United States, and for the recovery, collection, distribution, and remission of all fines, penalties and forfeitures, and for the allowance of the drawbacks by this act authorized, as fully and effectually as if every regulation, restriction, penalty, forfeiture, provision, clause, matter, and thing in the said laws contained had been inserted in and re~nacted by this act."
The act of 1846 contains no corresponding provision. So that unless we construe the act of 1846 substantially as an amendment of the act of 1842, merely altering its provisions so far as the latter enactment is inconsistent with the former, the entire instrumentalities for the collection of the revenue under the act of 1846 would be wanting, and the duties which it requires to be paid could not be collected. It is quite apparent, therefore, that a great number and variety of provisions designed to protect the rcLenue against, mistakes, evasions, and frauds, and to guard against doubts and questions, and to secure uniformity of rates in its collection, owe their present operation upon the duties levied by the law -of 1846, to the vitality given to them by the law of 1842, and must be considered now to bd the law because the act of 1842 made them, in effect, a part of its enactments, and because the act of 1846 does not interfere with that enactment by which they were made so. And it must be further observed, that these provisions of the 20th section of the act of 1842 are of the same nature as those thus lefbteeinn force under the 26th section cf the act of 1842, having
designed to remove doubts, to promote uniformity, and to check evasions and frauds.
There is nothing, therefore, in the general scope of the act of 1846 repugnant to the rules prescribed in this 20th section of the act of 1842. Is there in its particular phraseology?
It is strongly urged that there is; that the terms of the 3d sectin are wholly inconsistent with the attempt to bring any article under either of the schedules, by operation of any law
14*

SUPREME COURT.
Stuart et .al. v. Maxwell.
outside of the act of 1846. That this 2d section enacts, in clear terms, that a duty of twenty per cent. ad valoren shall be levied on all goods "4not specially provided for in this act;" and that to levy a higher rate of duty, by force of a provision of some other act, is directly in conflict with the express words of the law. It must be admitted there is great force in this argument. It has received due consideration, and the result is, that in our opinion it is not decisive. In the first place it may be justly said, that if the act of 1846 has specially provided for manufactures of cotton, and has at the same time left in force a rule of law which enacts that all manufactures of which cotton is a component part shall be deemed to be manufactures of cotton, if not otherwise provided for, it has, in effect, provided for the latter. By providing for the principal thing, it has provided for all other things which the law declares to be the same. It is only upon this ground that sheer and manifest evasions can be reached. Suppose an article is designedly made to serve the uses and take the place of, some article described, but some trifling and colorable change is made in the fabric or some of its incidents. It "is new in the market. No man can say he }as ever seen it before, or known it under any commercial name. But it is substantially like a known article which is provided for. The law of 1842 then declares that it is to be deemed the same, and to be charged accordingly; that the act of 1846 has provided for it under 1;he name of what it resembles. Besides, if the words "provided for in this act" were to have the restricted interpretation contended for, a like interpretation must be given to the same words in other revenue laws, and the most prejudicial consequences would follow; such consequences as clearly show it was not the intention of Congress to have these words so interpreted.
Thus the 26th 'section of the act of 1842, already cited, adopts existing laws for the collection of duties "imposed by this act," for the collection of penalties and remission. of forfeitures, and the allowance of drawbacks""by this act authorized." Yet, as has already been said, it is by force of this adoption that the duties and penalties under the act of 1846 are collected. It is manifest that the structure of the revenue systen of the United States is not iuch as to admit of this exact anct rigid interpretation; that the real intention of the leilature cannot thus be reached. ' The true interpretation we consider to be this: the 26th section of the act of 1842 having r&nacted the then existing laws, and applied them :to the collection of duties levied by that act, when Congress, by the act of 1846, merely changed the rates of duty, without legislaiing concerning their icoliection, the laws in force on that subject are to be applied;

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

163

Stuart et al. v. Maxwell.
and this application is not restrained by the fact, that, when reenacted by the act of 1842, they were declared to be so for the purpose of collecting the duties by that act imposed. The new duties merely take the place of the old, and are to be acted on by existing laws as the former duties were acted on; and among these existing laws is that which affords a rule of denomination, so to speak; which determines under whatdesignation in certain cases a manufacture shall come, and how it shall be ranked; when this has been determined, the act of 1846 levies the duty.
It is tirged, that in the act of 1846, special provision is made for certain manufactures composed partly of cotton, and that this shows no general rule was in operation imposing a particular rate of duty on articles made partly of cotton. But that this would not be a safe inference is evident from the fact that the act of 1842 imposes the same rate of duty on manufactures of wool and of manufactures of which wool is a component part, worsted, and worsted and silk, cotton, or of which cotton shall be a component part; yet this act of 1842 contained the section now under consideration. It may be observed, also, that schedule D, in the act of 1846, after manufactures composed wholly of cotton, goes on to specify cotton laces, cotton insertings, trimming laces, and braids, &c.
It would not be safe for the court to draw any inference from the apparent tautology of those parts of a revenue law describing the subjects of duty. In most cases, the terms used being addressed to merchants, are to be understood in their mercantile sense, the ascertainment of which is matter of fact, depending on evidence; and that which may seem merely taL. tologous might turn out to be truly descriptive of different subjects.
On the whole, our opinion is, that there is nto necessary repugnance between the act of 1846 and the 20th seetion of the act of 1842, and consequently the former did not rtpeal the latter, and the duty in question was rightly assessed. The judgment of the Circuit Court is therefore affirmed.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

Mr. Justice GRIER dissented.

610

SUPREME COURT.

Early v. Doe.

WILLIAM EARLY, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JOHN DOE, ON THE
DEMISE OF RHODA E. Honirs.
Where thelanguage of the statute was "That public notice of the time and place of the sale of real property for taxes due to the corporation of the city of Washington shall he given by advertlsement in~erted in scme newspaper publikh(d in said city, once in each week for at least twelve successi7e weeks," it nu~t be advertised for twelve full weeks, or eighty four (lays.
Therefore, where property was sold after being advertised for only eighty-two days, the sale was illegal, and conveyed no title.
THIS case came up by writ of error from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington.
It was an ejeetment broughtby Rhoda E. Homans, to recover that part of lot number four, in square number seven hundred and thirty, in the city of Washington ;, beginning for the same at a point on the line of A street south, at the distance of thirtytwo feet from the north-east corner of said &quare; and running thence due west with the line of said street, fifty feet and five inches; thence due south, fifty feet; thence due east, fifty feet and five inches; thence fifty feet to the place of beginning; and also into three messuages or tenements with the appurtenances situated thereon, in the county above named.
Upon the trial, the plaintiff showed title in herself, and the defendant made title under a tax sale, when the j'ry, under the instructions of the court, found a verdict for the plaintiff The following bill of exceptioni explains the case.
Defendant's bill of exceptions.
At the trial of the above cause, after the plaintiff's lessor had shown a legal title in herself, a devisee of El. Homans, who died in August, 1850, to the fifty feet five inches of ground fronting on A street by fifty feet deep, a part of lot 4, in square No. 730, in Washington city, with the houses thereon, being the premises described in the declaation; entitling her, as admitted primd facie, to recover the same as such 'devisee, and that the defendant held possession thereof atthe commencement of this action. The defendant thereupon, to maintein the issue on his part, offered evidence of a tax title from the corporation of the city of Washington, ti sustain which, and to show that the requirements of the act of 26th May, 18"24, had been complied With, proved the notice of the time and place of the tax sale to

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

611

Early v. Doe.

have been given by the city collector, by advertisement in the Natifonal Intelligencer, in the following words:-
COLLECTOR'S OFfiCE, CITY HALL, August 25th, 1848.
" On Wednesday, the 15th day of November next, the annexed list of property will be sold by public auction, at the City Hall in the City Hall in the city of Washington, to satisfy the corporation of said city for taxes due thereon as stated, unless the said taxes be previously paid to the collector, with such expenses and fees as may have accrued at the time of payment." And amongst other property so advertised was the following:

No. of Lot.

Asssed to.

Taxes.

0

7A Pt. 4, fronting 50 ft. 5 in., and Daniel Homans. 1845. 1846. 1847. $29.82

impronvement on A street, and

9.94, 9.94, 9.94.

50 ft. deep, lying next to the

castemn 32 it. of said lot.

And the insertion of said advertisement was on the following

days:

Saturday, 26th Aug., 1848.

"

2d Sept., "

Saturday, 14th Oct., 1848.

"

21st "

"

"

9th "

"

"

28th "

"

Thur"stday, 1241tsht "41 ("1

" (

141tthh No1v. cc

Saturday, .30th "

"

i

7th Oct., "

Wednesday 15th "

"

And that on such last day above mentioned, the said sale took place and the defendant became the purchaser of said premises for $55. Whereupon the plaintiff prayed the opinion and instruction of the court to the jury, "that the said sale was invalid and of no effect, and passed no title to the defendant in the premises in question; because a period of twelve full and couiplete weeks had not intervened betwemen the 26th August, the time of the first advertised notice of said sale, and the 15th No.vember, 1848, the day or time of said sale, but a period of eleven weeks and four days only;" wvhich opinion and direetion the court gave as prayed for by the plaintiff, to which opinion and direction of the court to the jury, the defendant by his counsel, prayed leave to except, and that the court wvould sign and seal these his bill of exceptions, according to the form

612

SUPREME COURT.

Early v. Doe.

of the statute in such cases made and provided, which is ac-

cordingly done this 17th day of May, 1853.

Test:

JNo. A. SMITH, Clerk.

JAS. S. MORsELL, [SEAL.]

JAS. DUNLoP,

[SEA L.j

Upon this exception the case came up to this court and was argued by Mr. Lawrence, for the plaintiff in error, and by 31r. Redin and 31-r. Woodward, for the defendant in error.
111r. Lawrence. The only question in this case is, whether the words of the act of 26th May, (4 Stat. at Large, 75,) "inserted in some newspaper published in said city, once in each week for at least twelve successive weeks," are to be understood as requiring the full period of eighty-four days between the first and last advertisement, or as" requiring an insertion once hi each of twelve successive weeks. A week is a definite period of time, beginning on Sunday and ending on Saturday, (4 Pet. 361); and. insertions of notice on Monday and the Saturday week following, were held to fulfil the requirement of "one in each week," although thirteen days intervened between the two. It is maintained, for the plaintiff in error, that if there are twelve insertions of the notice in any part of each of twelve successive weeks, that is suflicient. The counsel for the defendant in error contended that the notice was insufficient.
The last charter of the city of the 17 l MhBay, 1848, mLkes no change in the period of notice and the manner of giving it; they are still regulated by the act of 26th May, 1824.
The words of the second section of that -act are, "that public notice of the time and place of the sale of all real property for taxes due the corporation of the city of -Washington, shall be given in all cases hereafter by advertisement, inserted in some newspaper, published in said city, once in each week, for at least twelve successive weeks; in which advertisement shall be stated the number of the lot," &c.
The facts. The first insertion was on Saturday, the 26th August, 1848; the last, on Wednesday, the 15th November, the day of the sale, being a period of eighty-two days only, including both days, namely, the day on which the notice first appeared, and the day of sale.
The eleventh week ended, either on Friday, the 10th of November, or on Saturday, the 11th, according as the week is made to commence on the day on -%'hich the notice first appears, or on the first succeeding Sunday thereafter; 'The twelfth week

DECEM1BER TERM, 1853.

613

Early v. Doe.

could not expire until Friday the 17th, or Saturday the 18th

November, and the earliest day on which the sale could have

been made was one of those days. It was made on the previous

Wednesday, the 15th November, before the twelve weeks had

expired.

By the charter of 1812, it was .directed that the notice should

"be givenr by advertising, at least six months, where the pro-

perty belongs to persons residing out of the United Stztes;

three months, where it belongs to persons residing in the United

States, but out of the District of Columbia; and six weeks,

where it belongs to persons residing within the district."

The charter of 1820, superadded to the period of notice, the

further requisition of weekly insertions of the advertisement,

"once a week, for at least six months, three months, or six

weeks according to the residence of the owner. Section 12.

The act of 1824 changed the period of notice from months to

weeks, but retained the further requirement of weekly insertions,

"once in each week, for at least twelve successive weeks."

There are, then, two requirements, as to notice, by the act of

1824: 1st, twelve weeks notice; and, 2d, the insertion of the

addvertisement once in each of those twelve weeks.

The full period of twelve weeks' notice must be given. In

Rionkendorff v. Taylor, 4 Peters, 361, the court say: "A week

is a definite period of time, commencing on Sunday, and ending

on Saturday;" and, being thus composed of seven days, twelve

weeks cannot consist of less than eighty-four days. And that.

case sanctions the idea, that the whole period of twelve weeks

should elapse before the sale. Whether the week be made to

commence on the day on which the notice is first published, and

to end on the seventh day thereafter; or to begin on the Sunday

following the first day of the notice, and end on the succeeding

Saturday, is immaterial in this case; the result- not twelve

weeks' notice -is the same on either mode of computation.

The first insertion was on Saturday, the 26th August. If the

week commenced on that day and ended on the following Fri-

day, there are but eighty-two days, including both day of notice

and day of sale. If it began on Sunday, the 27th, and ended

on the Succeeding Saturday, there would, be but eighty-one

days, including both. And, if the true rule be to include the

day on which the notice first appears, and to exclude the day of

sale, there would still be but the same eighty-one days;-eleven

weeks and four days.

The expression in the act of 1824 is: "once in each week,

for at least twelve successive weeks," niot merely once in each

week, but once in each week "for" twelve weeks during or

through that certain space of time; and not merely for twelve

VOL. XVI.

52

014

SUPR ME GOUR T.

Early v. Doe.

weeks, but for "at least" twelve successive weeks, not less than that whole period.
The notice, according to Ronkendorff v.Taylor, may be inserted' on any iay in each of those twelve weeks, on the last
day of the eleventh week and the first day of the twelfth week. But that rule was not meant, as the corporation officers seem to have supposed, to authorize the collecto: to abridge The period of notice; to insert one advertisement in each of the first eleven weeks and a twelfth on the fourth day after the end of the eleventh week, and to sell on that day and before the twelfth week had fully expired. The corporation by-law" followed the words of the act of Congress. The collector has no dispensing power.
All the analogies require the full term. As the familiar instance of six months' notice to quit or four months' notice of publication against non-residents under our acts of assembly: four or six whole months, less will not do. In all judicial sales, .either by sheriff or trustee, the period of notice is usually prescribed, and the fall term must be given. And as t9 these tax sales. '-The fourth point in Pratt and the Corporation, 8 Wheat. 681, as seen in the record, was whether sufficient notice had been given. After the first insertion of the advertisement, the amount
of the taxes was changed without any change in the day of
sale, so that the full period of notibcaed.was :aot given after such change. The sale was adjudged
So in Pope & Hamner v. Headen, 5 Ale. R. 433. The law
required "ninety days' notice" of the sale, to be published in some newspaper. The advertisemnent was dated the 1st of November, 1839, and was then handed, to the publisher of the newspaper, was inserted therein weekly froW the 6th of No-
vember, which was the first day of publication, until the 29th of January, 1840, and the sale took place ona the 3d of February, 1840. Between the date of the advertisement and the day of sale there were more than ninety days; but between the first
day of the publication and the day of sale there were but eightynine days, excluding, as the court did there, the first, and in-
cluding the 'last day. The date of the advertisement and the handing of it to the publisher within time were considered by the court; but the sale was held to be clearly void.
In our case, countipg from the date of the advertisement, the
25th of August instead of the 26th, the day 'of its publication, and even including the day of its date, and also the day of sale,
there are not eighty-four daysi but eighty-three (.nly.
See also Lyon et al. v. Hunt et al. 11 Ala. R. 295, for a ft. ,collection of the cases.
It is not enough to give twelve or more inrertions of the ad-

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

615

Early v. Doe.

vertisement. It may be continued twice or thrice a week, or even daily. In the early charcters the corporation began simply with the period of notice: six weeks, three months, six months. Weekly insertions were first supradded by the charter of 1820, and have been continued by the act of 1824. But the law is
not satisfied by a compliance with that requisite merely. Each requirement of the law must be observed. Here both, namely, "twelve weeks at least," and weeldy insertions, are essential to the validity of th&'sale. The non-observance of either destroys
it, as much so as the omission of both.
Neither of these requirements can, as to the other, be deemed the primary requisite. If either could be so considered, it would be the period of notice rather than the number of insertions.
It is purely a matter of positiye law. The rules are arbitrary; eleven weeks and four days niight have afiswered just as well
as twelve weeks; but the statute says twelve weeks, meaning twelve full or whole weeks. The language is clear and express;
there is no room for construction or discretion. In 8 Wheat. 687, Judge Johnson asks: "what have we to do with such in-
quiries in cases of positive enactment?"
The act means that notire of the sale shall be given by publication for at least twelve weeks prior to the day of sale, which notice shall also be published once in 'each of those twelve weeks. The object in naming the period of notice was to give the owner time for paying the taxes; and, in requiring weekly insertions, to afford him a better opportuiity of seeing" the advertisement of sale.
These sales are nowhere regarded with favor, but are everywhere tested by the strictest rules. They are penal, lead to forfeiture of estate, and whatever is prescribed to give them validity must, and ought to be, observed, and has always beeg required.
4 Wheat. 77; 6 Wheat. 119; 6 Peters, 328; 9 Hew. 248. It is idle for the officer or collector of the corporation to be
speculating and refining in this way. Why not give" the legal notice? Where is the inconvenience in giving three. or four
dayTsh' emyowreillnontoicteb,eor waiting a few days longer for the taxes? lost by the avoidance of the sale. The cor-
poration has the power to re-assess the taxes on the same property. Act of 1824, §. 3.

Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the court. This is an ejectment suit for part of lot No. 4, in square$ No. 730, in the city of Washington.
Tile only question raised by counsel in the argument of the case here, is, whether, where property has been assessed for taxes, it can be considered as having been regularly advertised

SUPREIE COU]ET.
Early v. Doe.
and regularly sold, if it shall be sold before twelve full weeks (Qr eighty-four days) have passed from the date of the first advertisement. Eighty-four days advertisement were not given when the property in dispute in this case was sold. Upon the trial in the Circuit Court, the plaintiff in that court prayed its instruction to the jury in these words: "PThat the said sale wa5 invalid and of no effect, and passed no title to the defendant in the premises in question; because.a period of twelve full weeks had not intervened between the 26th of August, the time of the first advertised notice of sale, and the 15th of November, 1,48, the day or time of sale, but a period of eleven weeks and four days only." The court gave the instruction accordingly. The defendant's counsel excepted to the same. The court, upon his prayer, allowed it, and the case is regularly here by writ of error.
It appears that the notice for sale of the property in dispute was inserted in the National Intelligencer twelve times in successive weeks, the first insertion being on Sturday, the 26th of August, and the last on the 15th of November, the day of sale. Including the 26th of August as one of the days of the notice, and the 15th of November necessarily as another, we find that the notice was given only for eighty-two days. The language of the statute regulating the notice to be given is in these words: " That public notice of the time and place of the sale of all real property for taxes due the corporation of the city of Washington, shall be given hereafter, by advertisement, inserted in some newspaper published in said city, once in each week, for at least twelye successive weeks." Now, the first week following the date of the advertiseraent expired with the next Friday, the tenth of November, and, if the computation is carried out, it will be found that the twelfth week expired on the 17th of November. But the sale was made two days before, on the 15th of November, the last insertion of the notice being on the day of sale.
So there were eleven insertions of the notice in the newspaper in different weeks (making, with the first, twelve) after the expiration of the week from the first insertion, and the point to be settled is, whether the statute mealis that twelve insertions in successive weeks is sufficient notice, without respect to the number of days in twelve weeks. We do not doubt if the sta. tate had been "once in each week for twelve successive weeks," a previous notice of the particular-day of sale ha!ving been given to the owner of the property, that it might very well be concluded, that twelve notices in different successive weeks, though the last insertion of the notice for sale w9Ls on the day of sale, was sufficient. But when the legislator has used the words, for at least twelve successive weeks, we cannot doubt that the

DECEM] BER TERM1, 1853.

617

Early v. Doe.

words, at least as they would do in common parlance, mean a duration of the time that there is in twelve successive weeks or eighty-four days. Every statute must be construed from the
words in it, and that construction is to be preferred which gives
to all of them an operative meaning. Our construction of the statute under review gives to every word its meaning. The other leaves out of consideration the words "for at least, which mean a space of time comprehended within twelve successive
weeks or eighty-four days. The preposition, for, means of itself duration when it is put in connection with time, and as all of us use it in that way, in our every-day conversation, it cannot be presumed that the legislator, in making this statute, did not
mean to use it in the same way. Twelve successive weeks is as definite a designation of time, according to our division tf it, as can be made. When we say that any thing may be done in twelve weeks, or that it shall not be done for twelve weeks, after the happening of a fact which is to precede it, we mean that it may be done in twelve weeks or eighty-four days, or, as
the case may be, that it shall not be done before. The notice for sale, in this instance, was the fact which was to precede the time for sale, and that is neither qualified nor hi any way lessmed by the words "once a week," which precede in this statute those which follow them, "for at least twelve successive weeks." We think that the court did not err in refusing to give to the jury the instruction which was asked by the defendant
upon the trial of this case.
The construction of the statute will be recognized to be in harmony with that policy of the law which experience has established to protect the ownerships of property from divestiture
by statutory sales, where there has not been a substantial compliance with the -law,by which a public officer is empowered
to sell it.
Property is liable to be sold on account of an undischarged obligation of the owner of it to the public or to his creditors. But it can only be done in either v.ise where there has been a
substantial compliance with the prerequisites of the sale, as
those are fixed by law. Any assumption by the officer appointed to make the sale, or disregard of them, the law discoin-
tenances. He mdy not db any thing of himself, and must do all as he is directed by the law under which he acts. He may
not, by any misconstruction of it, anticipate the time for sale within which the owner of the property may prevent a sale of it, by paying-the demand against him, and the expenses which
may have been incurred from his not having done so before. This the law always presumes that the owner may do, until a
sale has been made. Heomay arrest the uplifted hammer of . 52

618

SUPREME COURT.

Early v. Doe.

the auctioneer-when the cry for sale is made, if it be done before a bonfde bid has been made. The authority of the officer to sell is, as it was in this case, "unless the taxes be previously paid to the collector, with such expenses as may have accrued
at the time of payment" There is a difference, it is true, in the strictness required in a tax sale, and that of a sale made under judgment and-execution, but in both, the same rule applies as to the full notice of time which the law rEquires to be given for the sale. "In deciding upon tax land titles great strictness has always been observed. The collector's pi:oceedings are closely scanned. The purchaser is bound to inquire whether he has done so or not. He buys at his peril, and cannot sustain his title without showing the authority of -:he collector and the regularity of his proceedings."
This court said, in Williams v. Peyton, 4 Wheat. 77, that the authority given to a collector to sell land for the non-payment of the direct tax, "is a naked power not coupled with an interest." In all such cases the law requires that every prerequisite to the exercise of that power must precede its exercise, that the agent must pursue the power or bis act will not be sustained by it. Again, in Ronkendorff's Cse, 4 Peters, 349, this court repeated that in an ex parte proceeding, as a sale of lands for taxes, under a special -authority, great strictness is required. An individual cannot be divested of his property against his
consent, until every substantial requisite of the law has been complied with. The proof of the regularity of the collector's proceedings devolves upon the person who claims under the collector's sale. At an earlier day, the court decided, in Stead's Executors v. Course, 4 Cranch, 403: A collector selling lands for taxes, must act in conformity with the law from which his
power is derived; and the purchaser is bound to inquire whether he has so acted. It is incumbent upon the vendee to prove the authority to sell. See also McClung v. Ross, 5 Wheaton, 116; Thatcher v. Powell, 6 Wheaton, 119. The decisions madc by this court are full as to the circumstances under which tax
titles may be set aside.' We recommend also the perusal of the case of Lyon et al. v. Burt et al., in 11 Akabania Reports, cited by the counsel for the defendant in error; and to all of the cases cited in the opinion of Chief Justice Collier. It is not necessary for us to extend this opinion farther in citing cases upon tax sales. So far as we know, the law upon the subject is the same throughout the United States, and where 'differences exist they have occurred from a different phraseology in statutes, and not from any discordance in the views of judges n respect to the common law to be applied in tax sales.,
$ee 4 Granch, 403; 9 Cranch, 64; 1 Scam. 335; 1 Bibb, 295;

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.
Cervantes v. The -United States.
5 Mass. Rep. 403; 4 Dec. & BaL 363; 3 Ohio Reports, 232; 2 Ohio, 378; 3 Yeates, 284; 2 Yeates, 100; 13 Sergeant & Rawle, 208; 4 Dec. & Bal. 386; 5 Wheat. 116; 6 Wheat. 119; 1 Yeates, 300; 3 Monroe, 271; 1 Tyler's Rep. 295; 14 Mass. 177; 8 Wheaton, 681; 15 Mass. 144; Greenleaf's Rep. 339; Taylor's North Carolina Rep. 480; 3 Hawks's Rep. 283; 1 Gilm. 26; 10 Wend. 346; 18 Johns. Rep. 441; 5 Alabama, 433. I have not the reports of the Supreme Court of Georgia at hand to cite from them any cases of tax sales, if any have been decided by it, but I know that the decisions of the courts in that State are the same as those stated in this opinion and in the cases cited.
We affirm the judgment of the Circuit Court.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.
CRUZ CERVANTES, APPELLANT, v. TnE UNITED STATES.
Upon an appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of California, where it did not appear, from the proceedings, whether the land, claimed was within the Northern or Southern District, this court will reverse the judgment of the District Court and remand the case for the purpgse of making its jurisdiction apparent, (if it should have any,) and of correcting any other matter of form or substance which may be necessary.
THis was an appeal from the District Court of the United States for Northern California.
In February, 1852, Cervantes filed before the board of commissioners to ascertain and settle the private land claims in California, the following claim:
Cruz Cervantes, a citizen of said State, gives notice that he claims, by virtue of a grant from the Mexican nation, a tract of land situated in the county of Santa Clara, in said State, and known by the name of San Joaquin or Rosa Morada, with tb. boundaries described in the grant thereof, to wit: on one side the arroyo of San Felipe; on the second side, the hills or moun-

SUPREME COUPT.
Burgess v. Gray et at.
SAUNDERS BURGESS, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V, JOHN M. GR&Y,
THOMAS BURGESS, JR., AARON BURGESS, SIMrEON BURGESS,
JAMES BURGESS, JR., SAMUEL T. NORTHCUT, alias NORTH-
CRAFT, SILAS HUSKY, AARON -A. S I1ML, GEORGE ARNOLD, AUSTIN M. JOHNSTON, GEORGE W. OGDEN, JOHN C. HARRiNGTON, JOHN WATSON, LEWIS BUSH, AND J.A..NiES G. CROMMVIE.
No equitable and inchoate title to- land in- Missouri, c.rising under the treaty with France, can be tried in the State Court.
The Act of Congress, passed on the 2d of larch, 1807, ."2 St. at Large, 440.) did not proprio vigore vest the legal title in any claimants; for it required the favorable decision of the Commissioner, and then a patent before the title was complete.
The Act of 12th April, 1814, (3 St. at Large, 121,) confirmed those claims only which had been rejected by the Recorder upon the ground that the land was not ihhabited by the claimant on the 20th of December, 1803.
Where it did not appear by the report of the Recorder tLat a claim was rejected upon this specific ground, this act did not confirm it.
The question whether or not the Recorder committed an error in point of fact, was not open in the State Court of Mlissouri upon a trial of the legal title.
The mere possession of the public land, without title, for any time, however long, will not enable a party to maintain a suit against any one who enters upon it; and more especially against a person who derives his title from, the United States.
THIS case was brought up from the Supreme Court of-the State of Missouri, by a writ of error issued under the 25th section of.the Judiciary Act.
The facts of the case are stated in the opinion of the court.
It was arguea by Mr. Garland,for the plaintiff in error, and by .Tir. Darby, for the defendants in error. 111'r. Garland laid down the three following propositions : -
First Proposition. This claim was conirmed by the 2d sect. of the act 3d of Mlarch, 1807, which is in these words:
" That any person, or persons, and the legal representative of any person or persons, who, on the twentieth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and three, had, for ten consecutive years, prior to that day, been i- possession of a tract of land not claimed by any other person, and not excaeding two thousand acres, and who were on that day residing in the territory of Orleans, or Louisiana, and had still possession of such tract of land, shall be confirmed in their titles to such tract of laid: Provided, thatno claim to a lead mine or salt spring shall be confirmed merely by virtue of this section: And provided also, that no more land shall be granted by virtue of this section than is actiu.ally claimed by the party, nor mor- than is contained within the acknowledged and ascertained boundaries of the tract claimed."
The Supreme Court of Missouri, commenting on this section

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

49

Burgess v. Gray et al.

say: "The words which declare that a certain class of claims 9shall be confirmed,' are only a direction to the board of com-

missioners to confirm the- claims which may be brought within

the class of evidence produced before them, and by no means import a present confirmation, by direct action of Congress upon

the claims." Whether the words in this section are merely directory I will

hereafter examine, but that this may import a present confirmation has been decided by this court. In Rutherford v. Greene's

Heirs, 2 Wheat. 196, it is so decided. The Legislature of North Carolina had made a donation of land to General Nathaniel Greene, in these words: "Be it enacted that 25,000 acres of land

shall be allotted for, and given to, Major-General Nathaniel Greene, his heirs and assigns, within the bounds of the lands reserved for the use of the army, to be laid off by the aforesaid

commissioners." On the part of the appellant it is contended, say the court, that
these words give nothing; they are in the future, not fi, the pre-

sent tense, and indicate an intention to give in future, but cre-
ate no present obligation on the State, nor present interest in General Greene. The court thinks differently. The words are

words of absolute donation, not, indeed, of any special land, but

of 25,000 acres in the territory set apart for the officers and sol-

diers.

.

.

. As the act was to be performed

in future, the words directing it are necessarily in the future

tense. -- " Twenty-five thousand acres of land shall be allotted for, and given to, Major-General Nathaniel Greene." Given

when? The answer is unavoidable- when they shall be allotted. Given how? Not by any further act., for it is not the practice of legislation to enact, that a law shall be passed by some future legislature, but given by force of this act. It has been,

said, that to make this an operative gift, the words "are hereby"
should have been inserted before the word "giv.en," so as to read, "shall be allotted for, and are hereby given to, &c.11 Were it even true that these words would make the gift more explicit,
which it is not admitted, it surely cannot be necessary now to ,say that the validity of a legislative act depends, in no degree,
on its containing the technical terms usual in a conveyance.

Nothing can be more apparent than the intention of the legislature to order their commissioners to make the allotment and to

give the land, when allotted, to General Greene.

The allott1 ent and survey marked out the land given by the act, and separated it from the general map liable to appropriation

by others. The general gift of 25,000 acres lying in the terri-

tory reserved for the officers and soldiers of the line of North

VOL. XVI.

5

SUPREME COURT.
Burgess v. Gray et a].
Carolina, had now become a particular gift of 25,000 acres con. tained in this survey."
In the treaty with Spain ceding the Fioridas, the 8th article says: "All the grants of land made before the 25th January, 1818, &c., shall be ratified and confirmed." The counterpart, in the Spanish language, rightly translated, reads thus: " Shall remain ratified and confirmed." This court, commenting on fhese words, in the United States v. Perchman, 7 Pet. g9s,ay: "Although the words, 'shall be ratified and confirmed,' are properly the words of contract, stipulating for some future legisla. tive act, they are not necessarily so. "They may import that they ' shall be rati'fied and confirmed' by force of the instrument itself. When we observe that in the counterpart of the same treaty, executed at the same time, by the same parties, they are used in this sense, we think the construction proper, if not unavoidable."
Here are two important cases decided by this court, in which the words, "shall be given," and the words, "shall be confirmed," are construed into a present grant and confirmation, by force of the instrument itself.
Let us now see whether such is not thE true construction of the statute before us. The Supreme Court of Missouri say that the words, "shall be confirmed," are only a direction to the board of commissioners. The act of 2d March, 1805, created a board of'commissioners to decide on claims to land in Louisiana. The 1st and 2d sections prescribed the character of claims to be acted on, and the kind of evidence to be given in their support. The supplemental act of April 21st. 1806, modified the evidence to be given. The decision of the board amounted only to a recommendation to Congress. These statutes, and the restrictions in them, giving much dissatisfaction, Congress passed the 4th sec. tion of the act of March 3d, 1807, in which they conferred on the board of commissioners full powers to decide, according to the laws and established usages and customs of the French and Spanish governments, upon all claims to lands, where the claim is made by any persons who were, on the 20th of December, 1803, inhabitants of Louisiana, and for a tract not exceeding the quantity of acres contained in a leagae square, and which does not include either a lead mine, or salt springs; which decisipn, when in favor of the claimant, shall be final against the
United States. Here we see power conferred on the board to decide, accord-
ing to the laws and established usages and customs of the French and Spanish governments. They were restricted to claims coming under those laws and usages, and what might be those laws and usages they had full power to determine.

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

51

Burgess v. Gray et al.

Now the claims embraced in the second section of the same act,
do not necessarily fall under this head; if they do, then the second section was superfluous; the board having full power, under the fourth section, to decide such claims as are described in the second. But that the subject-matter of the second section was
not intended to be referred to the board, is made plain by the eighth section, which sa.ys that the commissioners shall report to
the Secretary of the Treasury, their opinion on all the claims to land, which they shall not have finally confirmed by the fourth
section of this act. If the law had intended that they should act on claims in the
second section, that section would have been included in the above clause, and it would read, "shall not have finally confirmed by the second and fourth section of this act." The report would be in these words: The commissioners would
have confirmed such dnd such a claim, by virtue of the second section of the act of March, 1807, but for such and such defects.
This was generally the style of their negative reports. But we see that the claims under the second section, were not subjects on which they were authorized to report adversely upon; of course they were not subjects dn which they would act at all.
Again, the second section makes no allusion to the claims therein described, being recognized and valid by the laws and usages of the country; on the contrary, we are bound to infer that Congress did not consider them as so recognized, and therefore singled them out as the special objects of their bounty. There were but two classes of claims recognized by the Spanish; both were described by the first and second sections of the act of 2d of March, 1805. The first was some written evidence of title, a concession or warrant, or order of survey; the second was a mere verbal permission occupy and cultivate,
hence it was called a " Settlement Right."
Now, the claims in the second section cannot come under the head of " Settlement Rights." A settlement right could not
exceed eight hundred arpens, and required inhabitation and cultivation to give it validity. The claims under the second section largely exceed the quantity in a settlement right, and only required proof of possession, which does not necessarily
involve inhabitation or cultivation. Hence, I conclude that the subject-matter of the second section, was not intended to be rteerred to the Board of Commissioners for their action.
Let us now examine the second section in its own terms. If the claimant was an inhabitant of the territory at the change of government, and was still in possession at .that time, if the tract claimed had acknowledged and ascertained boundaries,
not exceeding two thousand acres and not adversely claimed,

SUPREME COURT.
Burgess v. Gray et al.
his title shall be confirmed. If the second section stood by itself, no one would fail to construe these words into a present grant, being in all respects similar to the two cases above cited. If then, the words of the section are suf~cient to create a present grant, it is a forced construction to prevent them from having that effect, and to throw the confirmation on the future decision of a Board of Commissioners fcr the reasons already given. First,if the board had power to act on the subject, the second section was superfluous. Second, the eighth section implies an exclusion of the second from the jurisdiction of the board. Third, the language of the second section, leads us to presume that the Legislature did'not think that the claims therein embraced, were recognized by the Spanish laws and usages, or they would have left them to he decided by the commissioners under their general powers.
The proviso of the second section puts it beyond doubt, that the claims were intended to be confirmed by force of the act itself. The proviso says, that no claim to a lead mine or salt spring shall be confirmed merely by virtue of this section. The necessary inference is, that a tract of land, not containing a lead mine or salt spring, but in other respects complying with its terms, shall be confirmed merely by virtue of this section. It may be sai4, that this proviso was intended as an instruction to the .Board of Commissioners; but the fourth section, which confers the powers on the board, and imposes limitations on them, has this very same prohibition. This affords us good evidence of the meaning of the Legislature. They did not intend under any circumstances to confirm a lead mine or a salt spring; therefore, in the second section, where they intended to confirm certain claims, merely by force of the- section, they
introduced a proviso exempting lead mines and salt springs from its operation; and in the fourth section, where full pow.ers are given to the board to decide all French and Spanish claims, they introduced a claim imposing the same restriction on them, in regard to lead mines and salt springs. This is the only way, in which we can give an independent e--istence to the second section and preserve it from being a mere superfluity.
There is nothing in the words of the seztion, that necessarily requires further action on the part of the Legislature or its ministerial agents. All that the claimant wotld have to do, when his right is brought in question, is to show that he comes within the proyisions of the statutes, just as the claimants of village lots under the act of the 13th June, 1812. He will have to establish his title by showing a tract, not exceeding two thousand acres, with defined and ascertained limits; proving uninterrupted possession for ten consecutivecyears; residence in the

DECE'IBER TERMI, 1853.

53

Burgess v. Gray et al.

province and possession at the time of the change of government. These facts would work a title in him, having relation back to the time of the passage of the act.
Second Proposition. The next statute on which we rely for a confirmation, is the second section of the act passed April 12, 1814, entitled "An act for the final adjustment of land titles in the State of Louisiana and Territory of Missouri."
(The argument of ."JIr. Garland,upon this proposition, is too
long to be inserted.) Third Proposition. If the court are not sat-sfied, that the
claim of John Jarrott was confirmed by the acts we have been commenting on, there is another view of the case, to which I would now ask their attention.
By the facts set forth in the petition, and admitted to be true by the demurrer, it seems that Jarrott had been in possession of the land more than ten consecutive years prior to the 20th December, 1803; that it did not exceed in quantity two thousand acres, and that he was an inhabitant of the territory, and still in possession on that day. By the second section of the act 3d
March, 1807, he was entitled to a confirmation from any triliunal authorized to act on the subject. The claim was presented to the Recorder of Land Titles, and by him rejected, it was
reserved from sale by the act of 17th February, 1818, third section. It was afterwards surveyed and marked on the books of the Surveyor General and on the books of the Register, as reserved to
fill the claim of John Jarrott. In 1824 an act was passed authorizing the representatives of certain French and Spanish claims to prosecute them before the District Court. Various other acts were subsequently passed on these claims which it is not neces-
sary to mention. On the 17th June, 1844, an act was passed reviving for five years the act of 1824.
The claim of John Jarrott did not come within the purview of these statutes. The act of 26th May, 1824, gave jurisdiction to the District Court over claims to lands, "by virtue of any
French or Spanish grant, concession, warrant or order of survey legally made, granted, or issued before the 10th day of March, 1804," by the proper authorities. Jarrott's claim was neither a grant, a concession, a warrant, or order of survey; it was found-
ed on verbal permission only, and was called a settlement right; as such it was filed, and as such it was acted on by the Recorder. That it did not come under the jurisdiction of the court, is put beyond question by a comparison of other statutes on the same subject. On the 9th of July, 1832, an act was passed creating a
Board of Commissioners "to examine all the unconfirmed claims to laDd in that State, (illssouri,) heretofore filed in the office of
the Recorder according to law, founded upon any incomplete 5-it

SUPRE21E COURT.
Burgess v. Gray, et al.
grant, concession, warrant, or order of survey, issued by the authority of France or Spain, prior to the 10th day of March, 1804." It will b.e perceived that the class of claims embraced in this statute is precisely the same as that in the act of 1824, over which the District Court took cognizance. They were claims originating in a grant, concession, warrant, or order of survey.
Donation or settlement claims were not embraced; accordingly Congress passed a supplemental act embracing those claims.
On the 2d of March, 1833, it was enacted that the provisions of the act of the 9th of July, 1832, shall be extended to, and embrace in its operations every claim to a donation of land in the State of Missouri, held in virtue of settlement and cultivation. This supplement shows the understanding of the Legislature, and proves that Jarrott's claim, which was a "donation-right," was not embraced by the act of 9th of July, 1832, and consequently not by the act of 26th May, 1824, giving jurisdiction to the court, to precisely the same class of claims.
Since writing the above, I have seen the opinion of this court in the case of the United States v. Rilleux, 14 Howard, 18, which fully sustains the conclusion that the District Court had no jurisdiction in this case.
After the act of 1818, reserving this tract from sale, there
was no other statute operating*on it till the supplemental act oI March, 1833, extending the provisions of the act of 1832, to donation and settlement rights. It was made the duty of the Commissioners to examine all the unconfirmed claims heretofore filed in the office of the Recorder, to take additional testimony, if they thought proper, in regard to those claims, and then to class them so as to show, first, what claims, in their opinion, would in fact have been confirmed under formEr authorities, and, secondly, what claims, in their opinion, are destitute of merit. They were required to proceed, with or -ithout any new application of the claimants, and to lay before the Commissioners of the General Land Office a report of the claims so classed, to be laid before Congress for their final decision upon the claims contained in the first class.
The third section then enacts, "that from and after the final report of the Recorder and Commissioners, the lands contained in the second class shall be subject to sale as other public lands, and the lands contained in the first class shall continue to be reserved from sale as heretofore, until the decision of Congress
sliall be made thereon." Jarrott's claim was not embraced in either class, it was not acted on at all. ThE law made it the duty of the Board tp proceed without further application. The claim was regularly filed in the office of the Recorder; the Commissioners might take additional testimony if the case required it. The

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

55

Burgess v. Gray, et al.

representatives of Jarrott had nothing to do; they could only wait in silence the action of the board. Their claim was overlooked or not reached; the board made their final report, and dissolved. Now, it is a well settled principle of law that no person shall suffer in his rights in consequence of the delay
or neglect of government officers. This tract of land stands
reserved from sale, as heretofore, to fill the claim of John Jar-
rott's representatives. In Menard v. Massey, 8 Howard, 309, this court have said:
"That this provision (section 6th of act 3d March, 1811,) is an exception to the general powers conferred on the officers to sell, is not an open question; having been so adjudged by this court
in the ease of Stoddard's Heirs v. Chambers, reported in2 Htow-
ard; and again, at the present term, in the case of Bissell v. Penrose. Nor is it an open question, that the act of February 17, 1818, folio 3, reenacts and continues in force the exception as respects such lands. This was also decided by the above cases;
and that such was the opinion of Congress, is manifest from the third section of the act of 9th July, 1832, under which the last Board acted; for it declares that lands of the first class shall be reserved from sale as heretofore." Now it is manifest that lands not classed at all, not acted on by the Board, must continue reserved from sale as heretofore. We can come to no other conclusion without admitting that the neglect or delay of public officers can deprive a person of his rights, which is not
consistent with law or justice.
The Supreme Court of Missouri, in a similar case, have held that the lands continue to be reserved as heretofore. In Perry v. O'Hanlon, 11 Mo. 596, they say: "W hat then was the condition of the land, the title to which is now in controversy, in 1847, when the patent issued? The act of July 9th, 1832, dhected the Commissioners to divide the claims submitted to them into two classes. The first class was to embrace such claims as, in their opinion, were meritorious and ought to be
confirmed; and the second class, to include such as were destitute of merit. The act declared that, after the-final report of the Board, the lands embraced in the second class should be subject to sale as other public lands; that the lands contained in the first class should be reserved from sale until the final action
of Congress thereon. Congress finally acted on this report in 1836; and the act, July 4, 1886, confirmed the claims recommended by the Commissioners, with certain exceptions specified in the act. Perry's claim was not in the second class, for it was never rejected by the Board; it was not in the first class, for it v not reported for contirmation. How then has the reservation been removed ? By the act of 1832, this land was expressly

SUPREME COURT.
Burgess v. Gray et al.
reservcd from sale. No proceeding under that act has had the effect of taking off this reservatibn, nor has any subsequent law been dnacted having such purpose or tendency. If Perry, then, by virtue of the proceedings under the proviso to the third section, failed to acquire a complete title to the land by purchase, it still continues wider the general reservation. Whether Perry's title be good or other-wise, until Congress shall direct the land to be brought intq market, no other individual, can acquire a title. It was expressly reserved on account of Perry's claim uIndTehrisVtarlalec.t oTf hlaant dr,estherevreaftoiorne, ssttiallndresmreasinesrv."ed from sale "as heretofore," and all the entries made upon it are consequently void. But' the Supreme Cout of Missouri tell us there is no remedy. ".Supp6s. it be true;" say they, "that the reservation did exist, and that its effect would be to render the purchases void, still his position (plaintiff's) .iii court is not changed thereby. The reservation confers no title on :ain.; and the nullity of puxchases made by the defendants does not enhance the merits of his tfile. He is still without any title that we can enforce."
They came to 'this conclusion on the authority of cases decided -by this court. " The Supreme Court of the United States," say they, in Les Bois v. Bramell, 4 Howard, 462, and Ji Menard v, Massey, 8 Howard, 307, "distinctly declare that until an -inchoate title originating under the Spanish government has been ' confirmed,' it has no standing in a court of law or equity."
In the view I am now about. to press upon the consideration 'of the court, I do not restothe case on the' "unconfirmed title" filed In the Recorder's office. The above authorities, therefore, and the principle deduced from them, are inapplicable.
I maintain, that we have a right to the aid' of the court on the ground of possession; legal possessicn of a tract of land *with ackiowledged and. ascertained boundarihs, by permission and, aut4iority of the Congress of the United States. We are tenants of the government, and have a right to be protected in our Vossession.
The statute of Missouri says: "The action of ejectment may be maintained in all cases where the plaintiff is legally entitled to -the possession of the premises."
In this case, Burgess, as representative of Jarrott, is legally entitled to the possession of the premises.
Kendall, who purchased of Jarrott's heirs, filed his claim with the Recorder under the seventh section of the act 13th June, 1812, which required. him to be an actual settler .on the land. As the claim was not edfirmed on other grounds we are to presume

DECEMBER TER.M, 1853.

57

Burgess v. Gray et al.

that he complied with the law in this respect, and was an-actual settler. We know, from the record, he was. The land thus 'actually settled was reserved from sale by a subsequent act of Congress. It was surveyed and marked on the book of surveys, in the Register's office, as reserved from sale, to fill the claim of John Jarrott's representative. This representative was in the actual occupation and use of the land. Here, then, is a specific tract of land in the actual occupation of Kendall, who has authority by law to hold the same until Congress shall determine whether or not he has a right to demand a legal title for it. Until that event he has possession, and a legal right to the possession.
Burgess, in his petition, sets out his possession and the ouster of possession by the defendants. After describing the chain of
events, and proving himself the legal representative of John Jarrott, the petition then proceeds: "And your petitioner has been in possession of six hundred and forty acres of said land ever since he purchased it as aforesaid."
The petition goes on to show that the land was marked on the books as reserved from sale, and was reserved from sale to filtlh.e claim of Jarrott's representatives, "until the 30th day of December, 1847, a period of venty-nine or thirty years, when, in violation of law, the several acts of the Congress of the United States, and the rights of the legal representatives of the said Jarrott," the Register suffered prUemptions to be taken on it; "and the persons who took said pri:emptions had full knowledge at the time of the claim of John Jarrott's legal representatives to said land, and now having possession of said land, and claiming the same as their property, (although attempted to be unlawfully obtained,) and are keeping the legal representatives of the said Jarrott out of their possession of the same, notwith-
standing it is their property, and belongs to no other person whatever." And, in conclusion, the petition prays "that said
defendants be, by verdict and judgment in your petitioner's behalf, compelled to abandon their illegal claim to said land or
any part of it: to wit, your petitioner's six hundred and forty acres of it."
This petition is awkwardly worded, but the statute of Missouri requires no particular form, only that the petitioner shall set out his case in full, and in language so that a man of common understanding shall know what is meant. There can be no mistake as to the meaning of this petition. Burgess had bought six hundred and forty acres of this land by deed, and was in the actual possession of the same, according to the metes and bounds of his deed, when the -defendants intruded and unlawfully obtained possession, and are holding the same against
the lawful possession of him, the legal representative of John

58

SUPREME COURT.

Burgess v. Gray et al.

Jarrott, and he prays that they may be adjudged to surrender up this unlawful claim to his land.
It is on this right of possession we now ask the judgment of
the court. That the entries are void, cannot be questioned. See Stod-
dard's Heirs v. Chambers, 2 Howard 284: Menard v.Massey, and Bissell v., Penrose, 8 Howard; and Perry v. O'Hanlon, 11 Missouri, 585. The entries being void, our right of possession will be recognized and enforced.
The political power has acted on this claim, and it is now
cognizable by the courts of law. The claim was required by statute to be filed with the Recorder of Land Titles; to be investigated and reported to Congress. Another statute declares that until the final action of Congress thereon it shall be reserved from sale. The executive officers are insiructed to carry these
laws into effect. The Surveyor-General marks it out on the maps iii his office; draws lines around the 'claim, and writes on the face of it, "Reserved from sale, to fill the claim of John .arrott's representatives." Will not the courts recognize a claim in this condition, and enforce the law in regard to it? They do not look upon it as an unconfirmed Spardsh grant, having no standing in a court, bNt as a claim filed -and reserved from sale by the laws of Congress: it has a legal existence. They.enforce
the laWs of Congress and say: The possession of Jarrott's repre. sentatives is recognized by statute, and is valid until the final action of Congress: in the mean time all entries on this land are
-without authority and void. The Supreme Court of Missouri admit that they have power to pronounce the entry of the defendants void, because the land is reserved from sale by a law of Congress; but deny that they can go further, and protect the
right of possession in the plaintiff, because he sets up nothing more than an unconfirmed Spanish grant which is not recognized by law. But he dces more, he sets up a right of possession in this land under the law of Congress. It is admitted th-t the plaintiff is in possession, and has been from the beginning.
It must also be conceded that the reservation was made in respect of this possession, because every law on the subject of incomplete Spanish grants is based on the idea of actual possession or inhabitation and cultivation. This reasoning is specially applicable to the present case, because it has no written evidence of title; and rests entirely on actual settlement or pos-
session. Here then is a claim founded in possession, only, recognized by law. If,therefore, the courts can protect the reservation by declaring 4 entries on it, subsequent to the reservation, void, they can likewise protect and enforce the right of possession on which the reservation was founded. The same

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

59

Burgess v. Gray et al.

law that gives them power to protect the reservation, gives them

power to protect the possession under it. If this be not so, then

a bond fide holder of land under the authority of Congress can

be ousted of his possession, and the courts have no power to

protect him. But this is not law. An ejectment can be main-

tained on a bare possession against a trespasser. In the case

of Crockett v. Morrison, 11 Mo. page 6, the court say: "As

the action of ejectment is a possessory action, where no title

appears on either side, a prior possession, though short of twenty

years, will prevail over a subsequent possession which has not

ripened into a title, provided the prior possession be under a

claim of right and not voluntarily abandoned ...........

This doctrine is recognized by the New York courts in a variety

of cases.........

... In all these cases it will be found

that the defendants, against whom a recovery was permitted,

were mere trespassers, and that they or those under whom

they claimed, or from whom they obtained possession, entered

upon the actual or constructive possession of the plaintiff."

In the present case there is no question of title: that remains in the United States. The Supreme Court of Missouri admit

that Burgess is in possession, and that the entry of the defend-

ants is void. Then the defendants are mere trespassers on the

actual and constructive possession of the plaintiff, and ought to

be ejected by the present action.

.Mr.Darby, for defendants in error. The petition of the plaintiff shows that he. has no title. His claim is not based upon a concession, and was never confirmed.
The only action ever taken with the claim by the parties purporting to represent it, was when it was presented to the Recorder of Land Titles, by Kendall, after his purchase in 1812. The
Recorder refused to recommend it for confirmation, and rejected it; and from that time to the commencement of this suit, a period of nearly forty years, the claim appears to have been abandoned. At least, no steps appear to have been taken to bring it before the Recorder, or any of the several boards of commissioners, for confirmation. It does not appear to have been presented to Congress, or any department bf the government or other tribunal, for their sanction, approval, or conirma-
tion.
The opinion of the Supreme Court of Missouri has shown, most conclusively, that it was not confirmed by the second section of the act of the 3d of March, 1807, (2 U. S. Stat. at Large, 440,) as was contended by the counsel in that court, in the argu-
ment of this cause.
The plaintif, then, has nothing more than an unconfirmed,

60

SUPREME COURT.

Burgess v. Gray et al.

unprosecuted claim to landwhich has been rejected by the Recorder of Land Titles, and that rejection acquieseed in for nearly forty years; and which thie defendants, as shown by the plaintiff's petition, have purchased, at different times, of the United States, and to which they have severally a title from the govern. ment. It is. manifest the plaintiff has no such title as will authorize a court of justice to give him the relief prayed for in his petition.
The claim was not filed under the provisions of the act of Congress of May 26, 1824, giving jurisdiction to the District Court of the United States for the Missouri District, to adjudicate and pass, on these unconfirmed claims. The claim was consequently barred. The fifth section of that act provides, " That -any claim not brought before the District Court within two years -from the passing thereof, shall be forever barred, both in law and equity; and that no other action at common law, or proceeding in equity, shall ever thereafter be sustained in relation to said claim."
In further support of this position, the defendants refer to the case of Barry 1. Gamble, 3 How. 55, and also. to the case of Chouteau v. Eckhart 2 How. 352.
To show, moreover, that the plaintiff's claim has "no standing in a court of law or equity," the defendants rely with much confidence on the case of Les Bois v. Bramell, decided in this court at the January term, 1846, 4 How. 462. And in the case of Menard v.Massy, 8 How. 307, the same principle is still more strongly asserted and adhered to.
The decision of the Supreme Court of Missouri is made in accordance with the decisions referred to, and is governed by
them. The demurrers -were rightfully sustained on both points. The defendants were improperly joined in the action. They
held separately, each in his own right, und.er entries made at the
Land office at different timues, and under pregmptions allowed in favor of each of the defendants. The peition shows that they did not hold or claim title in common, bui- that they held sepa, rately.
In conclusion; the defendants adopt, as a part of their argurnent, a portion of the able opinion of Chief Justice Gamble, in delivering the opinion in this cause:
"Tie plaintiff, then, has no title which authorizes him to ask the relief prayed for in this petition. But he alleges that the
land was, by different acts of Congress, reserved from sale in order to satisfy his claim, and therefore th- purchases made. by
the defendants were void. Suppose it to be true that the reservation did. existi and that its effect would be to render the purchases void, still hiq position in court is not changed there-

DECEMBER TERIN, 1853.

61

1urgess v. Gray et al.

by. The reservation confers no title oa him, and the nullity of purchases made by the defendants does not enhance the
merits of his title. He is still without any title that he can
enforce."

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivered the opinion of the court.

This was a suit brought by petition in the Circuit Court of Jefferson county, in the State of Missouri, by the plaintiff in

error, against the defendants.

" The petition sets forth, in substance, that John Jarrott, alias

Gerrard, in 1780, with the consent and permission of the officers

of the Spanish government, settled upon a tract of land in what is now Jefferson county, in the State of Missouri, and that he

continued to inhabit and cultivate it until about 1796, when he was driven -off by the Indians. His son Joseph succeeded him

in the possession of the land, and continued to reside upon and

cultivate it until he sold it to Kendall, in the year 1812. Ken-

dall fih d a notice of the claim with the United States Recorder of Land Titles, who rejected it. The right of Kendall passed by

descent to his heirs at law, who sold to the plaintiff, as appears by conveyances filed with the petition. It appears, moreover,

that the plaintiff has always been in possession since the pur-

chase of Kendall's heirs. A plat of the claim was laid down on

the maps of the public lands, in the Registrar's office, represent-

ing it as being reserved to satisfy the claim of John Jarrott's

legal representatives. After the claim had been examined and

rejected by the Recorder of Land .Titles,no farther action appears

to have been taken on the claim.

".,In the years 1847 - 8, and 9, different portions of the same tract

of land were entered at the Registraxs office, by differei~t indivi-

duals, under pre~mptions allowed to them; the entries being

made at different times, each person purchasing in his own right and in his own individual name, separate and distinct from the

others, The several persons making these separate and different

entries are made the defendants to this suit.

"aThe defendants demurred ft the petition, and assigned as

causes of demurrer: first, thp.' the plaintiff showed no right, in his petition, to maintain the action; second, that separate and

distinct causes of action alainst different persons were joined

in the petition.

" The Circuit Court- of Jefferson County, sustained the de-

murrers, and the plaintiff appealed to the Supreme Court of of Missouri. The Supreme Court affirmed the decision of the

Circuit Court, and the plaintiff has brought his case before this

court, by writ of error, to reverse the decision of the Supreme

Court of Missouri."

VOL. XVI.

6

SUPREME COURT.
Burgess v. Gray et al.
In proceeding to deliver the opinion of the court, it is proper to observe, that by the laws of Missouri the distinction between suits at law and in equity has been abolished. The party proceeds by petition, stating fully the facts on which he relies, if he seeks to recover possession of land to which he claims a perfect legal title; and he proceeds in -the saihe manner if he desires to obtain an injunction to quiet him in his possession, or to compel the adverse party to deliver up to be cancelled evidences of title, improperly and illegally obtained, and he may, it seems, assert both legal and equitable rights in the same proceeding, and obtain the appropriate judgment.
This has beei done by the plaintiff in error in the present case. His suit is brought according to the prayer of his petiti6n to recover possession of land to which he claims title, and upon which, as he alleges, the defendants have unlawfully entered; and also to compel them to abandon (as he terms it) their illegal claim.
The demurrer admits the truth of the facts stated in the petition. And, consequently, if these facts show that he had any legal or equitable right to the land in question under the treaty with France, or an act of Congress, which the State court was authorized and bound to protect and 'enforce, he is entitled to maintain this writ of error, and the judgment of the State court must be reversed.
N9ow as regards any equitable and inchoate title which the petitioner may possess under the treaty w.th France, it is quite clear that the State court Lad no jurisdiction over it. For it has been repeatedly held by this court thati under that treaty, no inchoate and imperfect title derived from the French or Spanish authorities can be maintained in a court of justice, unless jurisdiction to try and decide it has first been conferred by act of Congress. Certainly no such jurisdiction has been given to any State court. And the Supreme Court of Missouri were right in sustaining the demurrer, as to.this par; of the petition, even if .ithad been of opinion, that the permit to settle on the land, and the long possession of it under the Spanish government, gave him an equitable right, by the laws of Spain, to demand a perfect and legal title. The court had no jurisdiction upon the question. And the judgment of the Sta;e court cannot be reversed unless the plaintiff can "showthat he had a complete and perfect title derived from the Spanish or French authorities: or a legal or tquitable title under the laws of the United States.
The petitioner does not claim a perfect grant from the French or Spanish goiernment; nor a pafent from the proper officers of the United States. But he insists that the act of Congress of March 3, 1807, 2.4 Stat.440, vested-in..him a complete legal title, and needed no patent to confirm it.

DECEMBER TERA, 1853.

63

Burgess v. Gray et al.

Undoubtedly Congress may, if it thinks proper, grant a title in that form, and it has repeatedly done so. And we proceed to exanine whether the title, claimed by the plaintiff, was con-
firmed to him by the act.referred to.
The plaintiff relies on the second section as a confirmation of his claim. But it evidently will not bear that construction when taken in connection with the whole act. For the fourth section directed commissioners to be appointed, who were authorized to
decide upon all claims to land under French or Spanish titles in the territories of Louisiana or Orleans; and by the sixth
section, whenever the final decision of the Commissioner was in favor of the claimant, he -was entitled to a patent for the land, to be issued. in the manner provided for in that section. The eighth section required the Commispioners to report to the Secretary of the Treasury their opinion upon all claims not finally
confirmed by them -the claims to be classified in the manner therein prescribed. And it was made the duty of the Secretary to lay this report before Congress for their final determination.
This act of Congress did not, proprio vigore vest the legal
title in any of the claimants. For even when the decision of the Commissioners was final in their favor, yet a patent was still
necessary to convey the title. The report was made coriclusive evidence of the equitable right, and nothing more. And wben
the final decision was against the validity of the claim, he was directed to report his opinion upon its merits; and Congress
reserved to itself the ultimate determination. The powers and duties of the C6mmissioner were subsequently
transferred to the Recorder of Land Titles. And this claim was presented to him in 1812, with the evidence upon which the claimant relied to support it. It is a claim under a settlement right derived from the Spanish authorities, and which the claimant insisted was within the provisions, and entitled to con: firmation under the second section of the act of 1807.
The Recorder reported against it. His report states that there was "possession, inhabitation, and cultivation in 1781, and eight following years, and again two or three years." He assign's no particular reason for rejecting the claim, but simply enters in his report "not granted." And in this form it was laid before Congress, together with the other claims not finally decided by the Recorder in favor of the claimants. It does not therefore
appear from the report whether it *as rejected because, in, the judgment of the Recorder, the possess.ion of ten consecutive years was not sufficiently proved: or because no evidence was
offered (and none appears to have been offered) to prove that the party under whose title -the claim was made was a resident of the territory on the 20th of December, 1803.

SUPREME COURT.
Burgess-v. Gray et al.
On behalf of the petitioner it is coritended, that the decision of the Recorder was erroneous, and founded upon a mistake as to a matter of fact; and that it appears by the evidence returned with the report to the Secretary of the Treasury, that the possession spoken of was proved to have been for more than ten consecutive years before the 20th of December, 1803 - and no" broken, as stated in the report.
This may be true. The Recorder may have fallen into error. But, it does not follow that plaintiff wak. entitled, on that account, to maintain his petition in. the Missouri court. That court had no power to correct the errors of the Recorder if he made any; nor to revise his decision; nor to confirm a title which he had rejected. That power, by the act of 1807, was expressly reserved to Congress itself; and has not been committed even to the judicial tribunals. of the general government. The decision of the Recorder against him is final, unless reversed by act of Congress; and the petitioner can make no title under the United States, by virtue of the provisions in that act.
It is however insisted that if it was not confirmed by the act of 1807, it was made valid by the act of 1814. And this confirmation is claimed under the first sEction, which confirms all claims where it appe rs by the report of the Recorder that it was rejected merely because the land was not inhabited by the claBimutanitt iosnvtehrey 2c0letahr otfhaDtecthemisbaecr,t 1d8o0e3s. not embrace it. The
report of the Recorder does not place its' rejection merely on that ground. On thp contrary, it would seem to place it upon the want of proof of continued residence upon the land for ten consecutive years; and upon none other.
It may indeed have happened that the son of John Jarrett was in possession, and actually inhabited the land on the day mentioned in the law; and that from ignorance of its provisions, or from other cause, he omitted to produce proof of it to the Recorder, and that the claim was in fact rejected on that account. But that question was not open to inquiry in the Missouri court. The act of Congress does not confirm all claims wheke this fact oxisted and could be proved, but those only in which it appeared on the face of the report that the want of this proof was the sole cause of its rejection. This must appear on the written report of the Recorder to bling it within the provisions of this act, and cannot be supplied by other evidence. And as it does not so appear in the present case, the act of 1814 does not embrace it nor confirm it.
Neither can the petition be maintained upon the long and% continued possession held by the petitioner and those under whom he claims.
The legal title to this land, under the treaty with France, was

DECEMBE.R TERM, 1853.

65

Pennington v. Gibson.

in the United States. The defendants are in possession, claiming title from the United States, and with evidences of title derived from the proper officers of the government. It is not necessary to inquire whether the title claimed by them is valid or not. The petitioner, as appears by the case he presents in his petition, has no title of any description derived from the constituted authorities of the United States, of which any court of justice can take cognizance. And the mere possession of public land, without title, will not enable the party to maintain a suit against any one who enters on it; and more especially he cannot maintain it against persons holding possession under title derived from the proper officers of the government. He must first show a right in himself, before he can call into question the validity of theirs.
Whatever equity, therefore, the plaintiff may be supposed to have, it is for the consideration and decision of Congress, and not for the courts. If he has suffered injury from the mistake or omission of the public officer, or from his own ignorance of the law, the power to repair it rests with the political department of the government, and not the judicial. It is expressly reserved to the former by the act of Congress;
We see no error in the judgment of the Supreme Oourt of Missouri, and it must be affirmed with costs.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Su -eme Court of the- State of Missouri, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court., that the judgment of the said Supreme Court in this cause be, and the same is, hereby affirmed with costs.

JOSIAS PENNINGTON, PLAINTIFF IN ERROi, v. LYiAN GiBsoN,
Whenever the parties to a suit and the subject in controversy between them are within the regular jurisdiction of a court of equity, the decree of that court is to every intent as binding as would be the judgment of a court of law.
Whenever, therefore, an action of debt can be maintained upon a~jndgment at law for a sum of money awarded by such judgment, the like action can be maintained upon a decree in equity which is for a specific amount i and the records of the two courts are of equal dignity and binding obligation.
A declaration was sufficient which averred that "at a general term of the Supreme Court in Equity for the State of New York," &c. &c. Being thus averrtd to be a court of general jurisdiction, no averment was necessary.that the subject-matter in question was within its jurisdiction. And the courts of the United States will take notice of the judicial decjsions in the several States, in the same manner as the courts of those States. fi,

DECEMBER TER.M, 1853.

635

Doe et al. v. Braden.

ing to practise champerty, in a form and to an extent not heretofore devised. If four could assign, and their claims be combined in one suit, by the assignee, so could as many hundreds. To sanction the validity of an assignment to a non-resident of property adversely held, and let him sustain a suit for it, would throw open the United States courts to every matter of litigation where property was in dispute exceeding the value of five hundred dollars.
I feel quite confident that the Constitution did not contemplate this mode of acquiring jurisdiction to the courts of the Union, and am -of opinion, that the judgment of the Circuit Court sustaining the plea ought to be affirmed.

Mr. Justice DANIEL. I also dissent from the opinion of the court in this case, and concur in the views so conclusively taken of it by my brother Catron.

Order.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio, and was argued by counsel. On consideration
whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged, by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court, in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed, with costs; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court for further proceedings to be had therein, in conformity to the opiniont of this court.

JOHN DOE, ON THE DEMISE OF LOT CLARK, DAvID CLARKSON,
JOSEPH D. BEERS, ANDREW TALCOTT, BRANTZ MAYER, AND HARRIET HACKLEY, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JOSEPH ADDISON BRADEN.
In the ratification, by the King of Spain, of the treaty by which Florida was ceded to the United States, it was admitted that certain grants of land in Florida. amongst which was one to the Duke of Alagon, were annulled and declared void.
A written declaration, annexed to a treaty at the time of its ratification, is as obligatory as if the provision had been inserted in the body of the treaty itself.
Whether or not the King of Spain had power, according to the Constitution of Spain, to annul this grant, is a political and not a judicial question, and was -decided when the treaty was made and ratified.

636

SUPREMIE COURT.

Doe et al. v. Braden.

A deed made by the duke to a citizen of the United States, during the interval between the signature and ratification of the treaty, cannot be recognized as colveying any title whatever. The land remained under the jurisdiction of Spain until the annulment of the grant.

THis case came up, by writ of error, from the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of Florida. It was an ejectment brought by the lessee of Clark and the
other plaintiffs in error-against Braden, to recover all that tract or parcel of land in Florida, which is described as follows, namely: Beginning at the mouth of the river heretofore called or known as the Amanina, where it enters the sea, to wit, at the point of the twenty-eighth degree and tw tny-fifth minute of
nolth latitude, and running along the right bank of that river to its head spring or main fountain source; thence by a right line
to the nearest point of the river St. John; then ascending said river St. John, along its left bank, to the lake Macaco; then from the most southern extremity of that lake, by a right line, to the head of the river heretofore known or called the Ilijuelas; and then descending along that river's right bank to its mouth in the sea; thence continuing along the coast of the sea, including all the adjacent islands, to the mouth of the river Amanina, the beginning point aforesaid, containing twelve millions of acres of land.
The cause went on regularly by'the appearance of the defendant, the confession of lease, entry, and ouster, and the ad.
mission of counsel on behalf of the United States to defend the suit.
In May, 1852, the case came up for trial at the city of St.
Augustine. The counsel for the plaintiff offered in evidence the following
duly verified papers:
1. A memorial of the Duke of Alagon. to the King of Spain, dated 12th July, 1817, praying the king to be pleased to grant him the uncultivated lands not already granted, in East Florida, situated between the banks of the river Santa Ludi(a and San Juan, as far as their mouths into the sea, and the coast of the gulf of Florida and its adjacent islands, with the mouth of the
river Hijuelos by the twenty-sixth degree of latitude, following along the left bank of said river up to its source, drawing thence a line to lake Ma.aco, descending thence by the way of the river San Juan to lake Valdez, and draving another line from
the extreme north part of said latter lake to the source of the
river Amanina, thence pursuing the right bank of said river to its mouth by the 28th or 25th degrees of 'latitude, and continuing
along the coast of the sea with all its adjacent islands, to the mouth of the river Hijuelos, in full property for himself and his

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

637

Doe et al. v. Braden.

heirs, and permitting him the importation of negroes free of

duty to work and cultivate said lands, a favor which he hopes

to obtain fr6m the innate benevolence of your Majesty, whose

precious life may God preserve many years, as he prays.

MADRID, 12th July, 1817.

2. The order of the King upon the above, addressed to the

royal and supreme council of the Indies, as follows:

His Majesty having taken cognizance of the contents therein,

and in consideration of the distinguished merit of this individual,

and of his well known zeal for the royal service, and likewise in

consideration of the advantages which will result to the State

by the increase of the population and civilization of the afore-

said territories, which he solicits, he has deigned to resolve, that

the same be communicated to the supreme council, declaring

to them that the favor which he solicits is granted to him, pro-

vided the same be not contrary to the laws; all of which I com-

municate to your Excellency by his royal order for your informa-

tion and that of the council, and for the other necessary ends.

God preserve your Excellency many years.

PALACE, December 17th, 1817.

3. A cedula, issued by the extinct council of the Indies, ad-

dressed to the governor, captain-general of the island of Cuba

and its district, to the intendant of the army and royal exchequer

of the Havana and its districts, and to the governor of the Flo-

rida. This document bore date on the 6th of February, 1818.

and after reciting the petition and grant, concluded as follows:

Wherefore I command and require you, by this my royal

cedula, that in conformity with the laws touching this matter,

effectually to aid the execution of said gift, taking all the mea-

sures proper to carry it into effect without prejudice to the rights

of a third party; and in order that the said Duke of Alagon may

be'enabled to put into execution his design, agreeably in every

respect to my benevolent wishes, in furtherance of the agricul-

ture and commerce of said possessions, which demand a popu.

lation proportioned to the fertility of the soil and the defence

and security of the coast, reporting hereafter successively the

progress that may be made; it being understood that the im-

portation of negroes, comprehended in said gift, is to be made,

as far as the traffic in them is concerned, in conformity with the

regulations prescribed in my royal order of the nineteenth of

December ultimo, for such is my will; and that account be taken of this royal order in the contaduria-general of the Indies.

Given at the palace, this sixth day of February, one thousand

eight hundred and eighteen.

4. A power of attorney from the Duke of Alagon to Don

Nicholas Garrido, dated 27th of February, 1818.

VOL XVI.

54

SUPREM1E COURT.

Doe et a1. v. Braden.

5. A decree of Coppinger, governor of Florida, dated 27th

of June, 1818, putting Garrido into possession of the land

claimed.

6. A deed of conveyance, dated 29th of May, 1819, from the

Duke of Alagon to Richard S. Hackley, of Richmond, Virginia.

This deed conveyed a, part of the lands in question to Richard

S. Hackley and company, for the purpose of immediately open-

ing, clearing, and settling them.

7. The deposition of Ann Rachel Hart, of Baltimore, Mary-

land, that Richard S. Hackley was a native-born 'citizen of the

United States.

8. A deed from Richard S. Hackley, dated 14th of Septem-

ber, 1836, to Joseph D. Beers, Lot Clark, and David Clarkson,

the lessors of the plaintiff.

9. An admission by the counsel for the -United States that

Braden, the defendant, was in possession of 5S7iw acres of land,

lying on the Manatee river, in the present county of Hillsbo-

rough, which was covered by the foregoing titles, and was of the

value of two thousand dollars and upwards.

The defendant, to prove the issue on his part, read in evi-

dence certified copies of patents for his land from the United

States.

A great number of other documents and testimony were

offered by the defendant and plaintiff, but a particular notice of

them is not deemed necessary in the present report. * On the conclusion of the argument, the court instructed the

jury as follows:

1st. The foundation of the plaintiff's title is the concession

or order of the King of Spain of the 17th of December, 1817,

and the cedula or royal order of the 6th of February, 1818,

which, together, constitute the grant or concession to the

Duke of Alagon to the lands in quesfon. Whether the order

of the 17th of December, 1817, was complete in itself, and

amounted to a grant, I deem it unimportant to inquire, because

it was reaffirmed and made operative by the cedula or royal

order of the 6th of February, 1818, which related back to the

order of the 17th of December, 1817; and hence that may be

considered the date of the' concession, explained and rendered

more full and perfect by the order of the 3th of February, 1818,

and it is so considered for the purposes of this suit.

STaking

these two orders together, it is manifest, from their

tenor and spirit, and it is more particularly apparent from.the

orders and proceedings of the king and the council of the

Indies, in the early part of 1818, that one object and intent, and

one condition of the grant or concession to Alagon, and one of

the principal inducements on the part of the king to make the

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

639

Doe et al. v. Braden.

grant, was the colonization and settlement of the country, and the agricultural and commercial advantages which it was sup-
posed would arise to the province therefrom. And it is equally
clear that the grant was made subject to the laws of Spain, and particularly subject to such laws of the Indies as were applica-
ble to the case; and that the Duke of Alagon, in his proceedings to carry into effect the objects of the grant, and to avail himself of its benefits, was bound to conform to those laws.
The testimony goes to show not only what those laws were,
but that early in 1818, and before the Duke of Alagon had sold or conveyed any of these lands, his attention was distinctly called to them by the king and the council of the Indies, or by the proper officials of the Spanish government, and that every effort was made on the part of the King of Spain to insure the due observance of them by the Duke of Alagon; and that he
was especially cautioned and advised that he could not by law, and would not be permitted to alienate the lands, or any part of them, particularly to strangers or foreigners. After this, and
before any treaty had been ratified and confirmed between the United States and Spain, and while the province of East Florida
was still under the dominion of Spain, and subjedt to the laws
of Spain, the deed of May, 1819, was executdd by Alagon to Richard S. Hackley.
Second. Therefore, if the jury are satisfied that the laws of
Spain and the Indies were such as have been read-to them, and that*it was not lawful for a Spanish subject to sell or transfer lands to a stranger or foreigner, then this deed of May, 1819, from Alagon to Hackley, was in violation of law and void, and
conferred no title upon Hackley. The Duke of Alagon could not (if those laws have been cor-
rectly and satisfactorily proved) legally make any such conveyance; and had he attempted so to do here in the province of
East' Elorida, where it ought to have been done if at all, he would have been prevented by the governor from doing it; and no notary here could have executed the papers without violation of law and of the royal order.
The same objection applies to the deed of conveyance to
Hackley of the J0th of June, 1820. That.conveyance was likewise in violation of law, and against the express injunctions of the king. It was made in Madrid instead of the province of
East FIQrida, and while the Spanish law was in-full force and
effect here.
Third; The court is further of opinion, that the grant to the Duke of Alagon was in fact formally annulled. by the king on the final ratification of the treaty, by and with the consent of the cortes, as appears from the evidence in the case; and

640

SUPREME COURT.

Doe et'al. v. Bradern.

whether this revocation or annulment of the grant by the king and cortes was founded upon the fact that Alagon had justly forfeited all right to the lands by disregarding the objects and conditions of the grant, and by attempting to transfer the lands to a foreigner, or upon the right of eminent domain, and upon the ground that it was necessary, in order to complete the iTeaty,
and therefore for the public good and general welfare of the nation, to resume or revoke the grant, it was in either case a rightful and legitimate use of sovereign power, and one which cannot be questioned in a court of justice.
Fourth. The court is further of the opinion, that even if the grant was not rightfully annulled by the treaty, yet it is not a grant which, by the terms of the treaty, would stand ratified and confirmed, or which the United States are bound to confirm, although made before the 24th of January, 1818: that the United States are bound tn ratify and confirm it only to 'the same extent that it would have been valid if the territory had
remained under the dominion of Spain; and it is manifest, from the evidence in the case, that if the treaty had not been made,
the grant would not have been held vaLid by the Spanish governmen + ; it was in fact revoked and annulled by the king and
cortes. The United States, therefore, are not bound either by the rules of public law, by the universal principles of right and justice, or by the terms of the eighth article of the treaty, to
recognize or confirm it. Fifth. The court is further of the opinion, that inasmuch as
this claim under the grant to the Duke of Alagon has never been recognized and confirmed by the United States, or by any board of commissioners or court authorized by Congress to ad-
judicate or decide upon the validity of the grant, it is therefore a claim "not recognized or confirmed," and within the meaning of the first section of the act of Congress of 3d March, 1807, (r'elating to settlements, &c., on the public lands: 2d vol. Stathtes at Large of the U. S. page 44-,) and that the claim-
ants, therefore, havre only an equitable or inchoate title at best, and have not the right to take possession; but, on the contrary, are expressly forbidden so to do until their title has been confirmed. Consequently, that not having the right of possession, or the complete legal title, they cannot sustain an action of ejectment; that their only redress is by application to the political power or legislative department of the government; that the courts of justice cannot furnish it without a violation of
law. These points being fully conclusive as to the rights of the
parties, the court deems it unnecessary to notice other points
raised in the course of~the trial and arguments.

DECEMBER TERM, 1863.

Doe et al. v. Braden.

From these views of the court, however, the jury are bound

to find a verdict for the defendant, and are so instructed ac-

cordingly.

To all of which charge, and each and every paragraph or sec-

tion of the same, the plaintiffs' counsel excepted, and prayed

their exception to be noted in the words following:

To all and every part of which instructions and directions, so

far as adverse to the plaintiffs, the plaintiffs except, and espe-

cially to each and all of the directions and propositions and

points contained in each of the articles or paragraphs of said

instructions numbered, respectively, in the said instructions, 1,

(one,) 2, (two,) 3, (three,) 4, (four,) and 5, (five.)

And the plaintiff prays the court to sign and seal this his bill of exceptions, which is accordingly done this twenty-fourth day

of lay, eighteen hundred and fifty-two.

(Signed)

L H. BRONSON, ., dge. [SEAL.]

Upon this exception, the case came up to this court, and was argued by Mr. M1layer, and 3t. JohAnson for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr. Cushing (Attorney-General) for the defendant.

ir. .Afayer prefaced his argument with a narrative, and *inasmuch as a part of that historical narrative contained the foundation of one of his points, it is necessary to insert it, namely:
The royal order (constituting the grant to Alagon) of 17th December, 1817, declares that" His Majesty having taken cognizance of the contents, [of the petition of the duke,] and in consideration of the distinguished merit of this individual, and of his well-known zeal for the royal service, and likewise in consideration of the advantages which will result to the State by the increase of the population and civilization of the aforesaid territories which he solicits, he has deigned to resolve that the same be communicated to the supreme council, declaring t6 them that the favor which he solicits ig granted to him, provided
the same be not contrary to the laws." This order is addressed
to the president of the council Of the Indies.
It may be here remarked that.when this order was passed, and for more than two years afterwards, the King of Spain was absolute monarch, the cortes for that period not existing; but at the ratification by him of the treaty the cortes had already been in renewed power for full seven months. Upon that rati-
fication the sanction of the cortes was obtained for, and only for the 2d and 3d articles of the treaty, which yielded the Spanish territory; and it was asked because by the constitution the
king could not alone alienate any part of the Spanish territory,
nor any national property, but for the alienation needed the consent of the cortes. Constitution, title 4, c. 1, art. 172,

SUPREM1E COURT.
Doe et -a. v. Braden.
§§4, 7. Describing the king as a constitutional monarch, we further may advert to the 10th section of the same article of the constitution; that declaring that "he shall not take the property of any parson or corporation, nor hinder or impede the free possession, use, and benefit thereof," -and the same section proceeds to prescribe that "if at any time it shall be necessary for an object of acknowledged public utility to take the property of an individual; nevertheless, it shall not be done, unless he be at the same time indemnified and a fair equivalent be given him upon a sufficient inquiry made by fit and proper men."
The ancient laws of Spain on the general rights of property have always been authoritative as if constitutional rules; and, upholding the sanctity of private property against the royal encroachment, the Laws of Spain and the Indies, Book 3, tit. 5, Law ., ordain that "those things which the king gives to any one cannot be taken from him either by the king or any one else without some fault of his; and he to whom they are given -3'hall dispose of them at his will, as of any other thing belonging to him.
The points made by 5r. ill:ayer, were the following: 1. The royal acts (the order of 17th December, 1817, upon the duke's petition of the preceding July, and the cedula or missive to the captain-general of Cuba of 6th February, 1818,) constitute a grant, and an assurance of the legal estate in the. lands, and taking date from the 17th December, 1817. That being the effective date of the grant, it is not affected by the th article of the treaty with Spain, which condemns only grants of date after the 24th January, 18L8. The grant was consummated by all the formal possessions that it can be pretended the Spanish law demanded; and the possessory ceremony was by that law authorized through an attorney, on this occasion Garrido, whose c6nferred powers are fully testified. Moreover, this attorney was empowered to sell and settle and imr prove the granted lands in execution of the purpose declared by the duke's petition as his view in asking the grant. And the action of Garrido in this latter branch of his agency (shown in the testimony of the defendant himself) -proves all diligence and bona fides in fulfilling what the petition indicated as the grantee's design. All in that respect was done that could within the brief period have been exacted, assuming the expression of purpose by the petitioner to have the effect, when shown to have induced the grant, to make thi grant conditional, and that even precedently so. But the -grantwas not under a condition, either precedent or subsequent. The declaration of purpose in the petition for a grant from Spain, when the grant itself does not, upon that declarationi, introduce it as a condition in terms,

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

643

Doe et al. v. Braden.

is not, as this court has determined, to be treated as a condition of any Idnd. The crown shows its content with the general assur ance offered by the grantee, and rests upon his good faith; and so implies by not converting the general pledge or promise into terms of condition. If, however, a condition (for settling and improving the land) is to be implied, it can be but a con-
dition subsequent, and, agreeably to this court's adjudication, the fulfilment of the duty was prevented, and therefore excused, by the succeeding and so early transfer of the sovereignty of the
region from Spain to the United States. And when a grant is conditional, and the condition has been performed, or has ceased
to bind, the grant is deemed absolute ab initio. (31r. tayer then proceeded to show, by reference to authori-
ties, that the grant was founded on sufficient consideration.) II. The deed of Alagon to Hackley bears ddte the 29th of
May, 1819, and, so, after the ratification by the United States of the treaty with Spain. The treaty was ratified anew by our government after Spain's ratification, and was reratifted merely
because it was necessary to waive the limitation of six months specified in the treaty for the exchange of ratifications. It was the original treaty, bearing date' the 22d of Februa r, 1819, that was ratified. The proprietary rights of the United States took date from the date of the treaty, and, on the consummate rati-
fication, related to that period. No control of Spain is to be deemed to have rested in her after the treaty's date over the ter-
ritories of Florida as a domain, or tor any purpose of legislation, or of administration, referable to her interest, or within her polity, municipal or foreign. The validity of that deed, as to Hackley's capacity, being a foreigner, to take it was, consequently, beyond any regulation of Spain, nio matter how ancient, save only contingently, in the event of the treaty not being de-
finitely ratified. III. This treaty with Spain in the consideration of the 8th
article, and of the clauses of territorial cession, has been by the Supreme Court always determined to design no departure from the great principle of civilized justice, and of modern interna-
tional law, that in no transfer of a territory can any domain be passed or be accepted from the ceding nation than what belongs
to the government - the public property. That property alone, ard the sovereignty of the transferred region, are the only legitimate objects of such international transactions, and the sovereignty is to be esteemed the primary object. The court has said that the express terms of this treaty deferring to private
rights, were not needed for thus limiting-the treaty's scope; and the 8th article is not to be regarded as enlarging the cession of
property. In other words that article, even as to grants sub-

SUPREME COURT.
Doe et al. v. Braden.
sequent to 24th of January, 1818, must be construed in subserviency to the sanctity that our own public law accords to the rights of contract and private property. 8 :Peters, 445, 449, 450; Aredondo's Case, 6 lb. 735, 736; Percheman's Case, 7 Ib. 86; 9 Ib. 133, 169, 170; 14 Ib. 349; 8 Howard, 306, 307; Terrett v. Taylor, 9 Cranch, 43.
These cases affirm, too, the reformed doctrine of international law, that even by conquest the lands of individuals shall not be wrested from them, and in no respect are to be yielded even to the rights of war. Much les are they, then, to be conceded to the exactions of diplomatic bargaining. We may add to these authorities (not nowv adverting to all the"treatises on international law where they enjoin the same doctrine) 1 Pet. 517; 12 Ib. 410, 511; 8 Wheat 464; 4 -b. f18; 4 Cranch, 323; Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Ib. 87; Wheat. Nat. Law 269, b. 2, ch. § 16. All real property taken in war is entitled to postliminy.
IV. These views, under our third head, lead to the conclusion that no grants of Spain, in her Florida region, of portions already
conceded to individuals, could be asked to be annulled; or could be accepted by our government from Spain, if even her king had had despotic power to thus despoil without redress (which immunity and irremediableness of wrong defines despotic government) - except only where the individual interest could be shown to have expired from default justly imputable, and going to the forfeiture of the rights. Such a default would be the failure to fulfil conditions of the grants. It will be seen, that in the correspondence of our government prior to the treaty, and in the expostulations that followed our ratification of it throughout the negotiation, which the executive, unprompted by the Senate's counsel or instructions, and so without full warrant, we might say; embarked in, the vacating of grants of Spain actually made, (no matter of what extent,) was not claimed save upon the ground of their conditions having been violated, or having failed to be fulfilled. The gratuitous character of grants was not made the plea; and as little was, or could the area of the grants be the pretext; in both particulars the sovereignty of Spain giving her absolute discretion, and her policy, already adverted to, placing her liberallty beyond suspicion in these territorial appropriations. Consistently then with what was assumed as the only basis of the pretension, as well as looking to the only grounds that could find shetter in the pure pub. lb law of the era, no grants could under the treaty have been designed for denunciation, except those that were extinct for violation of their conditions% Let the expository terms used by the king in his ratification be deemed then more than what it merely is, (and it is merely the expression of an opinion, and a

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.
Doe et al. v. Braden.
comment on the treaty text,) and let it be dignified, or aggravated, as a decree of forfeiture or of confiscation, and yet it must be interpreted relatively to the grounds 'upon which we, or rather the executive, claimed the annulment to be just, and not as if we demanded it as a royal despotic assumption. It is well to remark here, (as bearing on the idea that may be urged.that Spain yielded the sacrifice of the Alagon g, nt, under a pressure, as dire as if under belligerent durance,) that the instructions to our minister at Madrid, which our quotation. on this head embrace, show that the exaction of the annulment vas meant to be experimental, and that the terms were not to lie insisted on if the Spanish government were found impracticable when remonstrated with. It -will be perceived by the court that Don Onis, the Spanish Minister here, in-his communication to our Secretary did,-true to the principle that the afinulment of no grants was to be arbitrary, and that'no absolute power was assumed thus to reside in the Spanish crown,- declared that if he had even known that the grant .to Alagon (and the other obnoxious grants) bore date before the 24th of January, 1818, he would not have assented to their being declared void - that i , merely on an assumption of'a particular date, for sweeping nullification, careless of the infirmity or the vigor of the grantee's rights or pretensions.
That the ratification of our g ivernment, which took place immediately on the signature of the treaty, was regarded as definitive, and not as contingent-upon any expansion (by Rider or by royal rescript or opinion) of the terms of the treaty, is evident from the fact which the succeeding correspondence and instructions show, that the immediate occupation of the ceded territory was claimed under the auspices of the treaty. In the testimony of our opponents, we have in the case the Executive Journal of the Senate, relative to the treaty already referred to by us, showing the original and very prompt ratification by us of the treaty, and so giving its due weight and peculiar character to the diplomatic movement following the ratification. Beside the passages mentioned of the Senate Executive Journal, we refer, with regard to the positions just submitted, to the following portions of the "State Papers," in the 4th volume, pp. 465, 509,532,627,652, 653,658, 659, 66, 683, 684, 687, 689.
With this grfrnt, then, no condition having been violated and no default to inflict forfeiture having occurred, it follows that the claim of Mr. Hackley could not have- become void within the actual meaning of the parties to the treaty, even giving, to the king's declaratory ratification the exireme office of a decree of 'annulment, and supposing that his prerogative gave him power for such action.

SUPREME COURT.
Doe ot al. v. Braden.
V. It cannot be said that the annulment may be justified upon imputable fraud of Spain, assuming even that the grant was made after, instead, as is the. fact, cf being made before, (and of pending before the king more than six months) the period of proposing the cession; more than a year elapsing further before the treaty was concluded. Under the theory of that imputation, the king's special ratification would be a concession of the fraud, and a decree not only against the grant, but against the honor of the crown. Fraud is not ascribable to a sovereign State, in her compacts with otaer powers; and particularly not as to a subject of concession, over which her dominion was legally absolute until that subject actually, by her own act, the result of her own pleasure, were severed from her possessions.
This court has deemed the supreme right of disposal in the Spanish crown; or in any government having power to alienate the domain of the State, too positive and absolute to allow complaint of any act within that power, no matter even how reasonable it be to infer that it was in anticipation of a surrender of sovereignty of the region, and designed to lessen the public domain of the succeeding sovereign. United States v. Clarke, 8 Peters, 463. That decision in effhct affirms that fraud is' not to be inferred, nor is chargeable against any act of a sovereign power, if merely it be cordinate with the sovereign legal rights and control. 15 Peters, 595; 11 Wheat. 359; 7 Cranch, 130.
VI. The grant could not have been amended by the right of eminent domain residing in the king. The constitution of Spain declares, art. 172, tit. 4x c. 1, § 10, that the king "shall not take the property of any person or corporation, nor hinder or impede the free possession, use, and benefit thereof, and if at any time it shall be necessary for an object of acknowledged public utility to take the property of an individual, nevertheless it shall not be done unless he be at the same time indemnified, and a fair equivalent be given him upon a sufficient inquiry made by fit and proper men." No indemniiication is pretended to have been here at any time provided fo:. this deprivation of property, and no establishment of the necessity, nor of the object of "public utility" is testified from the only appropriate arbiter, the legislative authority of Spain, coinposed of cortes as well as king, in which legislature resided the representative sovereignty of Spain. This determination of the urgency of the'object for which the private property is to be granted by this eminent domain, is 'by all political law assigned to the sovereignty. It is emphatically so appropriated by the Spanish constituti ni. Art. 3, tif. 1, c. 1, declares that "the sovereignty

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

647

Doe ot al. v. Braden.

resides essentially in the nation," and by art. 15, tit. 2, c. 3, the legislative power belongs to the cortes together with the

VII. Thus showing the limitation of the royal power and how special, and narrpwed was, as shown even by the king's act~of ratification, the action of the cortes as to the cession, and how that action, allowing pnly public estate to be coded and excluding from cession private property, did, in effect, contradiet the king's surrender (if his act be so construed) of the lands of Alagon and make his brovisions in his ratification repugnant to the act and will of his constitutional partners in the sove-
reignty of Spain. What effect can be assigned to that ratification in its denunciation of the grant to the duke? Recurring
to the constitutional inhibitions upon the kin.'s interference with private property, quoted under the preceding heads, and to the ancient laws we have cited, of, equal obligation, we are at a loss to apprehend where, in himself, and in clear contradiction of the view, and even the determination of the cortes, there can be found a warrant for his repudiation of the grant, regarding now his act as a decree of annulment or of confiscation? Divorced from the public domain, for all power'of alienation, by the positive interdict of the constitution, and forbidden, be-
side, by the superadded terms of the constitution from alienating "any portion of the Spanish territory," "however small," and whether public or private, and these limitations of preroga-
tive and respect for private property solemnly consecrated by the king's oath; and, again, art. 4 of the constitution declaring that "the nation is bound to maintain and protect by vise and equitable laws the civil liberty, property, and other legal rights of the individuals who compose it," it seems only necessary to show that the constitution of Spain was in force when this ratification occurred, to have the king's condemnation of our grant dismissed as a mere nullity. But it pretends not to be a decree or ordinance annulling the grant. It takes the treaty as a text, and appends, by making the denunciation, only a version of the treaty itself, or records testimony as to an "understanding," that by the very treaty has failed to be carried out, and whose basis the eighth article of the treaty shows to be erroneous. Viewed as an opinion, (however it be a royal emanation,) it can have no effect. As testimony to explain, or rather to prevail in contradicting the treaty, it must likewise be unavailing. The declaration could legitimately serve but one purpose and as a memorial of fact; and that is to found a claim by the United States against Spain for indemnification,
for parting with property which she taught the United States to believe would pass to her in the general cession of territory.

648

SUPREME COURT.

Doe et al. v. Braden.

We dcnx- that even the king and cortes, in combined legislative actiun, or under any title of power, could have annulled the grant. And we are in that aspect of the case independent of
the testimony, given by our adversary, that the giant was not annulled by concurrence of the cortes, and that the king's act had in no respect their sanction. The Spanish constitution vests no such power in the cortes and king even united to confiscate private property, unless indeed it were admissible under the prerogative of "eminent domain," an interpretation which we have shown to be here inapplicable. Can it be pretended that the king alone, divorced as he was from the power to alienate any portion of the public domain, and, more than that, any
"potion of the Spanish territory," or inteifere with private property, whether in the title to it or the use of it, could effect that by his decree, which, if legitimately practicable at all by the state, could be effected by only the sovereignty of the country, and that formed of the cortes and himself?
7 Cranch, 134,136. There this court defines legislative power; and denounces as alien to it, and as despotic, all pretension by a legislative authority to annul private rights, especially without
compensation. But we refer, as conclusive against the power to annul, in
king, or in king and cortes, to the effect of the treaty's relation
to its date, as stated at page 31 hereof. VIIL Conceding to the ratification th3 character of a de-
cree and the king's constitutional power to pass it, can the Uni-
ted States accept the land thus taken arbitrarily from an individual and enjoy the sacrifice of private rights? If under other
circumstances it could be accepted, can it be after all that has transpired in relation to this grant, and especially after our ratifying this treaty -before this American citizen, Mr. Hackley,
received his con'-eyance - without then intimating a complaint, much less interposing a protest, against the grant to Alagon but lulling the world into the impression that private property was to be held sacred, and that (whatever might have been tie suggestions, hostile to it, in course of the r.egotiation) the grant
of Alagon was, by the limitation of date proclaimed in the treaty, left inviolate and committed to its intrinsic merits?
Our principles of public law reject the proffer of such an ad-
dition to the treaty domain; and by that law, as we recognize it under our peculiar political institutions, ihis case and the force of the king's act of confiscation are to be judged. If we cannot, because contrary to those principles, *sanction the right to have decreed this regal spoil, how can the right to it be enforced by the Ufiited States, and, if so, how then can any pretension be effective as a defence founded on such a supposed right?

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

Doe ct al. v. Braden.

Story's Confl. L. §§ 244, 326, and the cases there cited; 15 Pet. 595; 1 Gallis. Rep. 375; Fletcher v. Peck, 7 Cranch, 132, 133, 135.
If this view be true generally, as to all contracts and pretensions of foreign source, repugnant to our maxims of political and social justice, it applies here most conclusively to this case of a naiive American citizen, as Mr. Hackley is proved to have been.
7 Cranch, 138, 139. He was protected by the Constitution of the United States, and (as the Supreme Court, in the case cited, says) "by the gendral principles common to our free institutions."
IX. It has been assumed by us that this is not a case for political action of our government, but for the judicial power
directly. This, in the case of our complete grant, since the cases of Perehman, in 7 Peters, and of Aredondo, in 6 Peters, and of
United. States v. Wiggins, 14 Pet. 349, is unquestionable. Nor have we made any remarks as to the sufficiency of authentication of our documentary testimony; that being in our opinion unnecessary after the decision by this court on that head. Among those decisions we may refer to 14 Pet. 345, 346.

.lir. Cashig (Attorney-Gencral) rested his case upon the following point:
That the annulment of the grant to the Duke of Alagon, declared by the treaty of cession of the Floridas, is binding and absolutely conclusive upon all the departments of the govern-

ment and upon the people of the United States.
By the Constitution of the United States, the political power of making treaties is vested in the President of the United States by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, (art. 2, § 2.)

" And all treaties made, or which shall be made, under'the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the

land." Art. 6, para. 2. Hence it follows that thIe treaty of cession of the Floridas,
having been duly ratified, proclaimed, and published in the statute ook, operates of itself, in respect of these three annulled grants, as a supreme law.

The Congress of the United States passed the act of the 3d of March; 1821, to carry into execution the treaty between the United States and Spain, concluded at Washington on the 22d day of February, 1819, (3 Stat. at Large, by Little & Brown,

637, c. 39.) The first section authorized the President to take possession of and occupy the "territories of East and West Florida and the appendages and appurtenances thereof; and

to transport the officers and soldiers of the King of Spain, being

VOL. XVI.

55

SUPREME COURT.
Doe et al. v. Braden.
there, 4to' the Havana, agreeably to the stipulations of the treaty between the United States and Spain, concluded atWashington on the 22d day of February, in the year 1819, providing for - the cession of said territories to the United States." The same act organized a territorial government, and extended the laws of the United States for collection of the revenue, and prohibiting the importation of persons of color over the said ceded territories.
The legislative and the executive departments of the United States government, in the exercise of their political powers, and his Catholic Majesty, in the exercise of hii political power, have explicitly annulled the grant to the Duke of Alagon.
The explanation of the 8th article, so made before the ratifications of the treaty, upon which explanation the treaty was accepted and ratified by the President and Senate of the United States, and upon which explanation the ratifcations were exchanged between the two contracting powers, is as much a part of the eighth article, and as much a part of the treaty, as any other of the articles.
That explanation and express annulment of the grant to the Duke of Alagon, so affected by the political powers of the government of the United States, is binding upon, and to be followed by, the judicial department. Foster & Elam v. Neilson, 2 Peters, 307, 309, 312, 313 ; Garcia v. Lee, 12 Peters, 516, 517, 518, 519,,521; United States v. Reynes, S Howard, 153, 154.
These three cases were decided upon the cession by Spain to the United States of the Floridas; the private claims asserted in those cases were granted by Spain after the treaty of San Ildefonso, of 1800, after the cession of Louisiana to the United States by the treaty of Paris of 1803, and before the 24th of January, 1818. They were located between the rivers Iberville and Perdido, in the parish of Feliciana. within the disputed limits between Louisiana and West Florida, which had been repeatedly discussed, with talent and research, by the governments of the United States and Spain.
The private claimants insisted1st. Upon the right of Spain to the disputed territory, and invoked the decision of this court upon the true construction of the treaty of San fldefonso, of the 1st of October, 1800, by which Spain retroceded Louisiana to France, aod of the treaty of Paris of 30th of April, 1803, by which France ceded Louisiana to the United States. 2d. That their claims, granted by Spadn before the 24th of January, 1818, were expressly confirmed by the first member of the dighth article of the treaty of 1819, for the cession of the Floridas to the United States.

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

651

Doe et al. v. Braden.

3d. That the explanatory clause, contained in the ratification
of the treaty, forms a part of the eighth article, and that the article so explained should be understood as if it had been writ-
ten thus: " All the grants of land made before the 24th of January, 1818, by his Catholic Majesty, or his lawful authorities in the said territories, ceded by his Majesty to the United States, except those made to the Duke of Alagon, the Count of Puilonrostro, and Don Pedro de Vargas, shall be ratified and con-
firmed, &c."
To the first position; this court answered, (2 Peters, 307,) "The judiciary is not that department of the goverinent to
which the assertion of its interests against foreign powers is confided, and its duty commonly is to decide upon individual rights according to those principles which the political departments of the nation have established. If the course of the nation has been a plain one, its courts would hesitate to pronounce it erroneous.
"We think then, however individual judges might construe the treaty of San Ildefonso, it 'is the province of the court to conform its decisions to the will of the legislature, if that will has been clearly expressed."
The court then cited the acts of Congress showing that the United States had, before the ratification of the treaty for the cession of the Floridas, distinctly declared that the boundary of Louisiana, as acquired under the treaties of San fldefonso, of 1800, and of Paris of 1803, extended east as far as to the river Perdido - had taken actual possession of territory according to such declaration of the boundary of Louisiana as acquired by the treaties of San fldefonso, of 1800, and of Paris, of 1803- and had annexed a part of the disputed territory to the State of Louisiana. Whereupon this court said, (2 Peters, 209,) "If those departments which are intrusted with the foreign intercourse of the nation, which assert and maintain its interests
against foreign powers, have unequivocally asserted its rights of dominion over a country of which it is in possession, and
which it claims under a treaty; if the legislature has acted on the construction thus asserted, it is not in our own courts that this construction is to be denied. A question like this, respecting the boundaries of nations, is, as has been truly said, more a political than a legal question, and in its discussion the
courts of every country must respect the pronounced will of the legislature."
To the second position, this court answered, (2 Peters, 310, 311,) That his Catholic Majesty, by the second article of the treaty, ceded to the United States "all the territories which belong to him," situated to the eastward of the river Mississippi,

652

SUPREME COURT.

Doe et al. v. Braden.

known by the name of East and West Florida; that the words "which belong to him," limit the extent of the cession; that the United States cannot be considered as admitting by this "article that the territory which, at the signature of the treaty, composed a part of the State of Louisiana, rightfully belonged
to his Catholic Majesty; that these terms were probably selected so as not to compromit the dignity of either government, and
which each might understand consistently -with its former pretensions; that the sixth article, stipulating for incorporating the
inhabitants of the ceded territories into the Union of the United States, is coextensive with the cession, and did not include the territory which was then a part of the State of Louisiana, which was already a member of the American confederacy; that the eighth article of the treaty must be understood as limited to grants made by his Catholic Majesty within the ceded territory,
that is, within "the territories which belong to him." To the' third proposition this court answered, (2 Peters, 312,)
(IButan explanation of the eighth article has been given by the parties which (it is supposed) may vary this construction. It was discovered that three large grants, which had been supposed at the signature of the treaty to have been made subsequent to the 24th of January, 1818, bore a date anterior to that period. Considering these grants as fraudulent, the United States insisted on an expfess declaration annulling them. This demand
was resisted by Spain; and the ratification of the treaty was for some time suspended. At length his Catholic Majesty yielded, and the following clause was intrcduced into his ratifi-
cation: 'Desirous at the same time of avoiding any doubt or ambiguity concerning the meaning of the eighth article of the treaty,' &c., (quoting the residue of the kings ratification.)
One of these grants, that to Vargas, lies west of the Perdido. "It has been argued, and with great force, that this explanation forms a part of the article. It may be considered as if introduced into it as a proviso or exception to the stipulation in
favor of grants anterior to the 24th January-, 1818." " ....... These three large grants be..ng made about the
same time, under circumstances strongly indicative of unfairness,
and two of them lying east of the Perdido," (and the third also being as to a part east of the Perdido,) might be objected to on the ground of fraud common to them all; without implying any opinion that one of them, which was for lands lying within the
United States, and most probably sold by the government, could have .been otherVise confirmed. The government might well insist on closing all controversy relating- to these grants, which might so materially interfere with its own rights and policy in
its future disposition of the ceded lands, and not allow them to

DECEMBER TERM, 1858.

653

Doe et al. v. Braden.

become the subject of judicial investigation; while other grants, though deemed by it to be invalid, might be left to the ordinary course of the'law......
"An extreme solicitude to provide against injury or inconvenience, from the known existence of such large grants, by.in-
sisting upon a declaration of their absolute nullity, can, in their opinion, furnish no satisfactory proof that the government meant to recognize the small grants as valid, which in every previous act and struggle it had proclaimed to be void, as being for lands within the American teriitory."
Th- principles so adjudged in 1829, in Foster & Elam v. Neilson, x re affirmed, in Garcia i,. Lee, in 1838, and again in 1850, in United States 'v. Reynes, before cited.
The treaty ceding the Floridas to the United States, as explained in the ratification, expressly annuls the grants to the Duke of Alagon; the Count of Pufionrostro, and Don Pedro de Vargas; -in this express declaration and understanding, it was accepted and ratified by the President and Senate of the United States; in this sense the ratifications were exchanged between the two contracting nations; in this understanding the Congress passed various statutes, whereof only two need be particularly noticed here. The first is "An act for ascertaining claims and titles to land within the territory of Florida," approved 8th May,
1822, (3 Stat. a Large by Little & Brown, p. 709, c. 129,) the fourth section of which alludes to the claims rejected by the
treaty, and excepts them from the powers of the commissioners, as herein before quoted. Tle other is "An act supplementary to the several acts providing for the settlement and confirmation of private land claims in Florida," approved 23d May, 1828, (4 Stat. at Large by Littl3 & Brown, 284,) the sixth section whercof authorized claimants to lands in Florida, not decided and finally settled under the provisions of this act, &c., to present their cases by petition to the judiciary, to try the validity of their claims: "Provided, that nothing in this section contained shall be construed to authorize said judges to take cognizance of any claim annulled by the said treaty, or the decree ratifying
the same by the King of Spain, nor any claim not presented to the commissioners, or register and receiver, in conformity to thc several acts of Congress, providing for the settlement of private land claims in Florida."
The explanation of the 8th article of the treaty, so made and contained in the ratifications as exchanged between the two governments, forms a part of the 8th article. -
In that the legislative, the executive, and the judicial departments of the United States have -hitherto concurred.
The grants by his Catholic Majesty to the Duke of Alagon,
55 *

SUPREM1E COURr.
Doe et al. v. Braden.
the Count of Pufionrostro, and Don Pedro de Vargas, are annulled by the treaty.
The plaintiff in ejectment, produces, in evidence, this annul. led Spanish grant to the Duke of Alagon as the foundation of his title to the land demanded, as the fulcrum of his action against the adverse possessor.
Upon the plaintiff's own evidence, upon his showing of the facts, the supreme law of the land pronounces that he has no title, no just cause of action.
All subsequent and subsidiary questions are vain.
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY delivercd the opinion of the court. This controversy has arisen out of the treaty with Spain by which Florida was ceded to the United States. The suit is brought by the plaintiff in, error against the defendant to recover certain lands in the State of Florida. It is an action of ejectment. And the plaintiff claims title under a grant fiQm the King of Spain to the Duke of Alagon. This is the foundation of his title. And if this grant is null and void by the laws of the United States, the action cannot be maintained. The treaty in question was negotidted at Washington, by Mr. Adams, then. Secretary of State, and Don Louis De Onis, the Spanish Minister. It was signed on the 22d1 of February, 1819; .and by-its terms the ratifications were to be exchanged within
'six months from its date. . It appears, from the treaty, that the negotiations commenced on the 24th of January, 1818, by a proposition from the Spanish government to cede the Floridas to the United States. The grant to the Duke of Alagon bevrs date February 6th, in the same year, and consequently was made after the King of Spain had authorized his minister to negotiate a teaty for the cession of th; territory, and after the negotiation had actually commenced. It embraces ten or twelve millions of acres. The fact that this grant had been made came to the knowledge of the secretary, pending the .negotiation; and he also learned that two other grants- one to the Count of Purionrostro, and the other to Don Pedro de Vargas, each containing some millions of acres, had also been made under like circumstances. These three, grants covered 'all c-r nearly all of the public domain in the territory proposed to be ceded. And the secretary naturally and justly considered that grants of this description made while the negotiation was pending, and'with, out the knowledge or consent of the United States, were acts of bad faith on the part of Spain, and would be highly injurious to the interests of the United States, if Florida became a part of

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

655

Doe et al. v. Braden.

their territory. For the possession and ownaership of such vast tracts of country by three individiials would be altogether incon-sistent with the principles and policy on which this government is founded. It would have greatly retarded its settlement, and diminished its value to the citizens of the United States. For no one could have become a landholder in this new territory without the permission of these individuals, and upon such conditions and at such prices as they might choose to exact.
Acting upon these considerations, the secretary insisted that if the negotiations resulted in a treaty of cession, an article should be inserted by which these three grants, and any others made under similar circumstances, should be annulled by the Spanish government.
Thd demand was so obviously just, and the conduct of Spain in this respect so evidently indefensible, that after much hesita. tion it was acceded to, and the 8th article introduced into the treaty to accomplish the -object. By this article "all grants made since the 24th of January, 1818, when the first proposal on the part of his Catholic Majesty for the cession of the Floridas was made, are thereby declared and agreed to be null and void;" and all grants made before' that day, are confirmed.
With this provision in it, the treaty was submitted to the "Senate,who advised and consented to its ratification on the 24th of February, 1819, and it was accordingly ratified by the President.
Before, however, the ratifications were exchanged, the Secretary of State was informed that the Duke of Alagon intended
to rely on a ro) 1 order, of December 17, 1817, (which is recited in the grant hereinbefore mentioned,) as s~ifficient to convey to him the land from that date; and upon that ground claimed that his title was confirmed and not annulled by the
treaty.
The secretary, it appears, was satisfied that this royal order conveyed no interest to the Duke of Alagon; and that the grant in the sense in which that word is used in the treaty, was not
made until the instrument,.dated the 6th of February, 1818, was
executed.
But as a claim of this character, however unfounded, would cast a cloud upon the proprietary title of the United States, and as claims might also be set up under similar pretexts under the grants to the Count of Pubonrostro and Vargas, the secretary deemed it his duty to place the matter beyond all controversy before the ratifications were exchanged. He therefore requested and received from Don Louis de Onis a written admission that these -three grants were understood by both of them to have been annulled by the 8th article of the treaty; and that it was nego-

656

SUPREM1E COURT.

Doe et -al. v. Braden.

tiated and signed under that mutual unders;anding between the negotiators. And having obtained this admission, he notified
the Spanish minister that he would present a declaration to that effect, upon the exchange of ratifications, and expect a similar one from the Spanish government to be annexed to the treaty.
But the King of Spain for a long time refused to make the declaration required, or to ratify the treaty'with the declaration
of the American government attached to it. And a great deal of irritating correspondence upon the subject took place between
the two governments. Finally, however, the King of Spain ratified it on the 21st of October, 1820, and admitted, in his written ratification annexed to the treaty, in explicit terms, that
it was the positive understanding of the negotiators on both sides when the treaty was signed, that these three grants were thereby annulled; and declared also that they had remained and
did remain entirely annulled and invalid; and that neither of the three individuals mentioned, nor those who might have title
or interest through them, could avail themse..ves of the grants at any time or in any manner.
With this ratification attached to the treaty, it was again submitted by the President to the Senate, who on the 19th February, 1821, advised and consented to its ratification. It was rati-
fied, accordingly, by the President, and tae ratifications exchanged on the 22d of February, 1821. And Florida, on that
day, became a part of the territory of the United States, under and according to the stipulations 6f treaty -the rights of thr
United States relating back to the day on which it was signed We have made this statement in relation to the negotiatiom
and correspondence between the two governments for the pur. pose of showing the circumstances which occasioned the intro. duction of the 8th article, confirming Spanish grants made before the 24th of January, 1818, and annulling those made after-
wards; and also for the purpose of showing how it happened that the three large grants by name were declared to be annulled in the ratification, and not by a stipulation in the body of the treaty. But the statement is in no other respect material. For it is too plain for argument that where cne of the parties to a treaty, at the time of its ratification annexes a written declaration explaining ambiguous language in the instyument or adding a new and distinct stipulation, and the t.veaty is afterxv ards ratified by the other party with the declarat.on attached to it, and the ratifications duly, exchanged -the declaration thus an-
nexed is a part of the treaty and as binding and obligatory as if it were inserted in the body of the instrument. The intention of the parties is to be gathered from the whole instrument, as it stood when the ratifications were exchange&

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

657

Doe et al. v. Braden.

It is not material, therefore, to inquire whether the title of the
Duke of Alagon takes date from the royal order of December 17th, 1817, or from the grant subsequently made on the 6th of
February, 1818. In either case the treaty by name declares it to be annulled.
It is said, however, that the King of Spain, by the constitution under which he was then acting and administering, the government, had not the power to annul it by treaty or other-
wise; that if the power existed anywhere in the Spanish government it resided in the cortes; and that it does not appear, in the ratification, that it was annulled by that body or by its authority or consent.
But these are political questions and not judicial. They belong exclusively to the political department of the government.
By the Constitution of the United States, the President has the power, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties provided two thirds of the Senators present concur. And he is authorized to appoint ambassadors, other public
ministers and consuls, and to receive them from foreign nations; and is thereby enabled to obtain accurate information of the
political condition of the nation with which he treats; who exercises over it the powers of sovereignty, and under what limit-
ations; and how far the party who ratifies the treaty is authorized, by its form of government, to bind the nation and persons
and things within its territory and dominion, by treaty stipulations. And the Constitution declares that all treaties made under the authority of the United States shall be the supreme
law of the land.
The treaty is therefore a law ma4e by the proper authority, and the courts of justice have no right to annul or disregard any of its provisions, unless they violate th, Constitution of the
United States. It is their duty to interpret it and administer it according to its terms. And it would be impossible for the executive department of the government to conduct our foreign relations with any advantage to the country, and fulfil the duties
which the Constitution has imposed upon it, if every court in the country was authorized to inquire and decide whether the persoil who ratified the treaty on behalf of a foreign nation had the power, by its constitution and laws, to make the engagements into which he entered.
In this c'se the King of Spain has by the treaty stipulated that the grant to the Duke of Alagon, previously made by him, had been and remained annulled, and that neither the Duke of Alagon nor any person claiming under him could avail himself of this grant. It was for the President and Senate to determine whether the ldng, by the constitution and laws of Spain, was

658

SUPREM1E COURT.

Doe et al. v. Braden.

authorized to make this stipulation and to ratify a treaty containing it. They have recognized his power by accepting this stipulation as a part of the compact, and ratifying the treaty which contains it. The constituted and legitimate authority
of the United States, therefore, has acquired and received this land as public property. In that character it became a part of the United States, and subject to and governed by their laws. And as the treaty is by the constitution the supreme law, and
that law declared it public domain when it came to the possession of the United States, the courts of justice are bound so to regard it and treat it, and cannot sanction any title not derived
from the United States. Nor can the plaintiff's claim be supported unless he can main-
tain that a court of justice may inquire whether6 the President
and Senate were not mistaken as to the authority, of the Spanish monarch in this respect; or knowingly sanctioned an act of
injustice committed by him upon an individual in violation of the laws of Spain. But it is evident that such"a proposition can find no support in the Constitution of the United States; nor in the jurisprudence of any country where the judicial and political powers are separated and placed in difterent hands. Certainly no judicial tribunal in the United States ever claimed it, or supposed it possessed it.
The plaintiff seems to suppose that he has a stronger title
than that of the Duke of Alagon. It is alleged that the Duke of Alagon, on the 29th of May, 1819, conveyed the greater part
of the land granted to him by the King of Spain to Richard S. Hackley, a citizen of the United States. This deed to Hackley
was after the signature of the treaty and before the exchange of ratifications, and the plaintiff claims through Hackley, and con-
tends that this American citizenship protected his title. But if the deed from the Duke of Alagon to a citizen of the
United States was valid by the laws of Spain, and vested the Spanish title in Hackley; yet the land in his hands remained
subject to the Spanish law and the authority and power of the Spanish government as fully as if it had continued the property
of the original grantee. Hackley derived no title from the United States, nor were his rights in the land, if he had any, re-
gulated by the laws of the United States, nor under their protection. It was a part of the territory of Spain, and in her possession and under her government, until the ratifications of
the treaty were exchanged. And until that time the rights of the individual owner, and the extent of authority which the government might lawfully exercise over it, depended altogether upon
the laws of Spain. And whatever rights he may have had under the deed of the Duke of Alagon, they were extinguished by the

DECEIBER TERM, 1853.

659

Doe et al. v. Braden.
government from which he held them while the land remained a *partof its territory and subject to its laws. It was public domain when it came to the possession of the United States, and he had then no rights in it.
In this view of the case it is not necessary to examine the other questions which appear in the exception or have been raised in the argument. The treaty is the supreme law, and the stipulations in it dispose of the case. The judgment of the District Court must therefore be affirmed.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Florida, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court that the judgment of the said District Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

622

SUPREME COURT.

Deshler v. Dodge.

land claimed is within the Northern Judicial District of California, it is, on consideration thereof now here ordered and decreed by this court that the decree of the said District Court in
this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said District Court, with leave to amend the proceedings in regard to the jurisdiction of the said District Court, and also in regard to any other matter of form or substance which may be necessary.

JOHN C. DE5HatR V. GEORGE C. DODGE.
The eleventh section of the Judiciary Act of 1789, says, "nor shall any District or Circuit Court'have cognizance of any suit to recover the contents of any promisso ' note or other chose in action, in favor of An assi'nee unless a suit might have been prosecuted in such court to recover the said contents if no assignment had been made. bxeept in cases of foreign bills of exchange."
This clause has no apl,ication to the case 6f a suit by tht assignee of a chose in action to recover possession of the thing in specie, or damages for its wrongful caption or detention.
Thereform where an assignee of a package of bank-notes brought an action of replevin for the package, the action can be maintained in tha Circuit Court, altdiough the assignor could not himself have sued in that court.
Tuis case was brought up by writ of error from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio.
It was an action of rejievin brought by Deshler, a resident and citizen of the State of New York, against Dodge, a citizen and resident of the State of Ohio.
The proceedings in the case were these: In March, 1853, Deshler filed in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio the following pracipe and affidavit. Prcecipe. Issue a writ of replevin for the following goods and chattels, to wit, a quantity of bank-bills, of various denoddnations, consisting of fives, tens, twenties, and fifties, given for the payment, in the aggregate, of the sum of ten thousand five hundred and eighty dollars, being the same bank-bills taken by the said George C. Dodge, from the City Bank of Cleveland, on the 26th day of Mamh, 1853. Also another quantity of bank-bills, of various denominations, consisting of ones, twos, threes, fours, fives, tens, twenties, fifties, and hundreds, and given for the payment, in the aggregate, for the sum of seven thousand nine hundred sixty-five dollars, being the same bank-bills taken by the said George C. Dodge, from the Merchants Bank of Cleveland, on
the 26th day of March, A. D. 1853. Also another quantity of bank-bills, of various denominations, consisting of ones twos,

DECEM BER TER]I, 1853.

623

Deshler v. Dodge.

threes, fives, tens, twenties, fifties, and hundreds, and given for
the payment, in the aggregate, of the sum of nine thousand two
hundred and sixteen dollars, being the same bank-bills taken by the said George C. Dodge, from the Canal Bank of Cleveland, on the 26th day of March, A. D. 1853. Also another quantity of bank-bills, of various denominations, consisting of ones, twos, thees, fives, tens, twenties, fifties, and hundreds, and given for the payment, in the aggregate, of the sum of eleven thousand two hundred and twenty dollars, being the same bank-bills taken by the said George C. Dodge, from the Commercial Bank of
Cleveland, on the 26th day of March, A. D. 1853. Affidavit. John G. Deshler, plaintiff in the case in the annex-
ed precipe named, being first duly sworn, does depose and say: That he has good right to the possession of the goods and chattels described in the annexed prcie, and that the same are
wrongfully detained by the said George C. Dodge, named as defendant in the said prcecipe; and that the said goods and chattels were not taken in execution on any judgment against the said John G. Deshler, nor for the payment of any tax, fine, or amercement assessed against the said Deshler, nor by virtue of any writ of replevin, or any other mesne or final process whatsoever issued against the said Deshler. Said Deshler further makes oath and says, that he is a citizen and resident of the State of New York, and that the said George C. Dodge is a
citizen and a resident of the State of Ohio. U. S. America, Districtof Ohio, ss. JonN G. DESHLER

The writ was issued accordingly, and served by the marshal. The property was appraised at 838,592. Deshler gave the
usual replevin bond. At April term, 1853, Dodge made the following motion: And now comes the said George C. Dodge, by R. P. Spald:
ing, his attorney, and moves the court for a rule on the plaintiff to show cause, durifig the present term, why the said suit should not stand dismissed, for all and singular the reasons following,
to wit: 1st. Because there is no sufficient affidavit filed by plaintiff
as a predicate for the writ of replevin. 2d. Because it does not comport with sound public policy,
that any portion of the revenue of the State should be arrested, at the instance of the tax-payers, or other person for his benefit,
and taken Irom the hands of the collector, through the instru-
mentality of the writ of replevin. 3d. Because the several bank-bills in the writ specified were
assigned to the plaintiff by said several banks in the city of Cleveland, for the sole purpose of instituting suit in this court.

SUPREME COURT.

Deshler v. Dodge.

4th. Because said assignment from said banks to said John

G. Deshler was bolorable merely, and operates as a fraud upon

the act of Congress of September 24, 1789, establishing the ju-

dicial courts of the United. States.

5th. Because this court is debarred taking jurisdiction of this

case by a provision contained in the eleventh section of said-act

of Congress of September 24, 1789, in the words following: " Nor shall any district or circuit court have cognizance of any

suit to recover the contents of any promissory note or other chose

in action in favor of any assignee, unless a suit might have been

prosecuted in such court, to recover the said contents, if no as-

signment had been made, except in cases of foreign bills of ex-

change." It being admitted, for the purposes of this motion, that

the said John G. Deshler derived all his right to said bank-notes

from an assignment in writing made to him by the Commercial

Bank, the Merchants Bank, the City Bank, and the Canal Bank

of Cleveland, all corporate bodies in the State of Ohio, after the

seizure of the said bank-bills, by the said George C. Dodge, as

treasurer of Cuyahoga county, to satisfy sundry taxes assessed

against said banks.

R P. SrALDING,

Altorney for defendant.

In August, 1853, the court overruled the motion, but permitted the defendant to set up the same matter, by plea.
At the same term, the plaintiff, Deshler, filed.his declaration, and Dodge filed the following plea:
And the said George c Dodge, in his own proper person,
comes and says, that this court ought not to have or take lurther
cognizance of the action aforesaid, because he says that on the day and year in the saiddeclaration mentioned, to wit, on the twenty-sixth day of March, in the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, he, the said George C. Dodge, was acting as treasurer of the county of Cuyahoga, in the State of
Ohio, and as such treasurer on, the day and year last mentioned, at Cleveland, in the county of Cuyahoga aforesaid, held in his
hands for collection the tax duplicate of said county of Cuyahoga, for the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, upon which tax duplicate sundry large amounts of taxes stood assessed against the several banks in the plaintiff's declaration mentioned, to wit, against the City Bank of Cleveland, the Merchants Bank of Cleveland, the Canal Bank of Cleveland, and the Commercial Bank of Cleveland; which said taxes, with a large amount of penalty thereon, were then due and unpaid; and it then and there became, and was tLe official duty of the
said George C. Dodge, as such treasurer, ta distrain a sufficient amount of bank-bills belonging to said b.nks and in their pos-

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

625

Deshler v. Dodge.

session, (respectively,) to satisfy the said taxes and penalties,

amounting in the aggregate to a large sum of money, to wit, to

the sum of thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and eighty-one

dollars. And the said George C. Dodge did in fact, then and

there, to wit, on the 26th day of Mlarch, in the year one thousahd

eight hundred and fifty-three, at the city of Cleveland, in the

county of Cuyahoga aforesaid, enter into said banks and take

and distrain from them, respectively, the amount of -taxes and

penalty as aforesaid, to wit: From the City Bank of Cleveland

he took and distrained the sum of ten thousand five hundred

and eighty dollars in bank-bills of various denominations, con-

sisting of fives, tens, twenties, and fifties, the same being at the

time said distress was made the exclusive property of said City

Bank of Cleveland. From the Merchants Bank of Cleveland

he took and distrained the sum of seven thousand nine hundred

and sixty-five dollars in bank-bills of various denominations,

consisting of ones, twos, threes, fours, fives, tens, twenties, fifties, and hundreds, the same being at the time said distress was

made the exclusive property of said Merchants Bank of Cleveland. From the Canal Bank of Cleveland he took and dis-

trained the sum of nine thousand two hundred and sixteen dol-

lars in bank-bills of various denominations, consisting of ones,

twos, threes, fives, tens, twenties, fifties, and hundreds, the same

being at the time said distress was made the exclusive property

of said Canal Bank of Cleveland. And from the Commercial

Bank of Cleveland he took and dist'ained the sum of eleven

thousand two hundred and twenty dollars in bank-bills of various.

denominations, Lonsisting of ones, twos, threes, fives, tens, twenties, fifties, and hundreds, the same beinlg at the time said dis-

tress was made the exclusive property of said Commercial Bank of Cleveland. And the said George (. Dodge, having thus,

then and there taken and distrained said bank-bills, being all

and singular the bank-bills in the plaintiff's declaration set forth

and described, immediately, to wit, on the twenty-sixth day of

March, in the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three

aforesaid, removed said several bank-bills from said several

banks, respectively, to a place of security, to wit, to the vault

of the Cleveland Insurance Company, where the same were

specially deposited by the said George C. Dodge, and where the

same in fact remained to the credit of the said George C. Dodge

as a special deposit, until they were afterwards seized and taken

by force of the writ of replevin issued at the instance of the said

John G. Deshler, plaintiff in this suit.

And the said George C. Dodge further saith, that on the same

twenty-sixth day of March, A. D. 1853, but after the said George

C. Dodge had so as aforesaid distrained, and taken away from

VOL. XVI.

53

626

SUPREME COURT.

Deshler v. Dodge.

the possession and keeping of the said several banks herein before mentioned, the said bank.bills above mentioned, and after
he had deposited the same for safe keeping in the vault of the Cleveland Insurance Company in-manner aforesaid, the said several banks above mentioned, all of which were incorporated by the laws of the State of Ohio to transact a general banking business in said city of Cleveland, in the county of Cuyahoga aforesaid, and not elsewhere, and all of which in fact were at the time said taxes were assessed, and at the time the said bankbills were so as aforesaid distrained for the payment of said taxes, transacting a general banking business in the city of Clevelanid aforesaid, entered into an arrangement with the said John G. Deshler, the plaintiff in this suit, who claims to be a
citizen and resident in the State of New York; whereby the said several banks, by written instruments ef assignment, bearing date .on the said twenty-sixth day of March, A. D. 1853, and executed in behalf of said banks by their cashiers or other agents duly authorized by the directors of the same, sold, assigned, and transferred to the said John G. Deshler, plaintiff in this suit, all and singular the bank-bills so as aforesaid taken and distrained by the said George C. Dodge, and which said bank-bills were, by the express terms of said several assigrments in writing, declared to be then, and at the time of the execution of said several instruments of assignment, in the possession of George C.
Dodge, treasurer of the county of Cuyahoga, in the State of
Ohio. And the said George C. Dodge further saith, that before and
at the time of the taking and distraining said several bank-bills
for the payment of said taxes and penalties assessed as aforesaid against said several banks, he, the said John G. Deshler, had no right of property in, or claim to, the possession of said several bank-bills whatsoever, but that all the pretended right, interest,
and claim bf the said John G. Deshler thereto arose under and br virtue of said several instruments of assignments, executed and delivered long after said bank-bills had been taken and dis.
trained by the said George C. Dodge, as treasurer as aforesaid, in satisfaction of the taxes and penalty so due as aforesaid from said banks, and while the said bank-bills were on special deposit in the vault of the said Cleveland Insurance Company to the credit oQf the said George C. Dodge, treasurer as aforesaid.
And the said George C. Dodge further saith, that he is a citizen of and resident in the State of Ohio, and was such at the time
when this. suit was instituted; and that all and singular said banks are corporate bodies of said State of Ohio, and have not now and never had any legal existence except within the limits of said State. And so the said George C. Dodge pleads, and

DECE-IBER TERM, 1853.

627

Deshler v. Dodge.

says, that said supposed causes of action are not within the

jurisdiction of this court, and this he is'ready to verify; whereof

he prays judgment whether this court can or will take further

cognizance of the action aforesaid.

GEORGE C. DODGE.

This plea was verified by affidavit.

The plaintiff demurred to this plea, when the court overruled

the demurrer and sustained the plea upon the ground, "that the

matters therein contained are sufficient in law to preclude the

said Deshler from having and maintaining said action against

the said Dodge in this court, and that the court has no jurisdic-

tion of the same."

Deshler sued out a writ of error, and brought the case up to

this court.

It wvas argued by 1tr. Stanberry,for the plaintiff in error, and by 1t. Spaldin,- and X,t. Pugh,for the defendant.

1It. Stanbe,'y. Only one question is made in this case, and that is whether
replevin will lie to recover the possession of certain bank-notes, payable to bearer, wrongfully detained by the defendant, the plaintiff claiming as owner of the notes by purchase and assignment from former owners of them, not capable of suing in the courts of the United States.
The decision in the court below was adverse to the plaintiff on the ground that the case was within the eleventh section of the Judiciary Act.
That section denies to the circuit courts of the United States cognizance of any suit to recover the contents of any promissory note, or other chose in action in favor of an assignee, unless a suit might have been prosecuted in such court to recover the
contents, if no assignment had been made, except in cases of foreign bills of exchange.
This section restricts the right of suit given by the Constitution, in reference to citizenship, - must therefore be construed
strictly, and be confined to the very cases within the restriction, To make the restriction apply, tho-se things must concur. 1. A plaintiff claiming as assignee of a chose in action. 2. A suit for the contents of such chose in action.
3. An assignor who could not have maintained the suit for the contents.
1. The plaintiff here is not the assignee of a chose in action within the meaning of this section.
The subject-matter was bank-notes, payable on demand to
bearer. Such a chose passes by delivery. There is no promisee named in the contract, no named per-
son with whom and to whom the contract or promise was
made.

SUPREME COURT.
Deshler v. Dodge.
The promise is original to every holder in succession. -Althoughthere happened to be a written assignment in this case, yet that is only evidence of a sale. Just as in a bill of sale of goods, or any chattel, the. purchaser is not made an assignee by taking written evidence of his purchase. He takes as purchaser, as owner, ajus in rem, not ad re. 2. No suit for contents.
The suit is for a thing in specie, in rent, not on the contract, not against the banks who made the notes: not against any one liable on the contract.
A suit for the contents of a note must be a suit to recover the thing promised to be paid by the note, not for the note, but something contained within it.
Such a suit destroys the chose in actioni; it reduces it to a chose in possession, transit in rein adjudicafam.
But this suit is not for the contents, it is not on the contract, or against any one liable in virtue of the contract. It does not, when judgment is recovered, merge the chose, for it remains a chose in action after judgment and recovery.
Finally, this suit is not within the intent of the act, not within the mischief to be prevented. That intent is clearly to restrain the construction of domestic contracts to the domestic forum, so as to ensure the application of the lex loci contrachts,in cases where in its inception the contract was made in a State and between citizens of the same State. The exception in favor of foreign bills of exchange proves the iule to be as stated.
This suit not being on the contract, nor against the pronrisor, but only to recover a thing in the hands of a wrongdoer, does not come at all within the reason of the rule.
The plaintiff will rely Qn the following cases. Bank of Kentucky v. Wister et al. 2 Peters, 324. It was held, in this case, that in an action for or upon a bank-note, payable to bearer, against the bank, it is sufficient if the holder or plaintiff is entitled to sue in the federal courts, without regard to the character of any former holder; and that guch a note is-payable to anybody, and is not affected by the disabilities of the nominal payee.
Bullard v. Bell, 1 Mason, 251, held that the eleventh section only applies to actions founded on choses in action by an assignee, and that a bank-note, payable to A. B. or bearer, whether A. B. were a fictitious person or not, was not within the act, and that the promise was in law made to each holder as an original promisee. In this case the action was upon the note against a stockholder individually liable.
Smith et al. v. Kernochen, 7 How. 198, was an ejectment by an assignee of a mortgage, from a mortgagor not competent to sue in United States courts. The objection was that the

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

629

Deshler v. Dodge.

assignment was merely colorable. Neither counsel nor court suggested any objection under the eleventh section.
The Brig Sarah Ann, 2 Sumner, 211. This case is to the point, that the sale and assignment of a chattel by a person out of possession is not the sale of a chose in action, but is the sale
of the thing itself, and passes the tifle, whether the subjectmatter is .in the hands of a lawful depositary or of a wrongdoer. '24 Pick. 95.
In all the cases relied upon by the counsel for the defendant in error, the action was for the contents of the chose against the
maker or debtor, in virtue of his contract or debt, and not, as in the case at bar, for the specific thing, and against a mere tortious holder.

The following notice of the view taken by the-counsel for the defendant in error, is from the brief of 111r. Spalding.
But one point is made by defendant to sustain the judgment
of the court below, to wit:
The assignment, made by the several banks named in the pleadings, of the bank-bills in question to the plaintiff, after the same had been distrained for tdxes by the defendant, and had been removed from their possession, was -simply an assignment of a chose in action, within the meaning of the eleventh section of the "Act to establish the judicial courts of the United States," approved September 24th, 1789. United States Statutes at Large, volume 1, p. 79. And as the banks could not themselves have maintained a suit in the federal court to recover said bankbills, if no assignment had been made, so a like disability attaches to their assignee; or, more properly speaking, as the court
below could not take jurisdiction as between the banks and the defendant, so by the terms of said statute it is prohibited from taking cognizance as between the assignee of the banks and the
defendant,
The words of the prohibition are as follows: "Nor shall any district or circuit court have cognizance of any suit to recover the contents of any promissory note or other chose in action in favor of an assignee, unless a suit might have been prosecuted
in such court to recover the said contents, if no assignment had
,been made, except in cases of foreign bills of exchange."
For the construction heretofore put upon this act of Congress by the courts, see Ser6 & Laralde v. Pilot et al. 6 Cranch, 332;
Bradford v. Jenks et al. 2 McLean, 130; Gibson et al., v. Chen, 16 Peters, 315; Dromgoole et al. v. F. & M. Bank, 2 Howard, 241; Brown v. Noyes, 2 Woodb. & Miiot, 80; Sheldon et al.
v. Sill, 8 Howard, 441; 8 Porter, Alabama Rep. 240. In this last-mentioned case, Mr. Justice Grier, in pronouncing
53*

630

SUPREME COURT.

leshler v. Dodge.

the opinion of the court, says, "The term chose in action is one of comprehensive import. It includes the infinite variety of contracts, covenants, and promises, which confer on one party a right to recover a personal chattel or a 3um of money from
another by action." I shall insist that the only right, (if any right there was,)
transferred by the banks of Cleveland to Jchn G. Deshler, under the circumstances set forth in the plea, was a thing in action; a mere right to sue George C. Dodge to recover, in replevini, the bank-bills, or in trover the value of the bank-bills, if Dodge had improperly converted them. .And hence the Circuit Court of the United States had no jurisdiction.

iTfr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court.
This is a writ of error to the Circuit Court of the United
States for the District of Ohio. The suit below was an action of replevein to recover the pos-
session of a quantity of bank-bills, in the hands of the defendant, upon banks in the city of Cleveland, amounting in the whole to the sum of thirty-eight thousand five hundred and ninety-
two dollars, and the title to which was derived by an assignment from the banks to the plaintiff. The decla'ration is in tfhe
usual form for wrongfully and unjustly detoaining the possession of the property, the plaintiff averring that he is a citizen and resident of the State of New York; and the defendant a citizen
and resident of the State of Ohio. To this declaration, the defendant plead to the jurisdiction of
the court, setting up that the defendant was acting-treasurer of the county of Cuyahoga, Ohio, and ha6- distrained the bills in question belonging to the banks to satisfy the taxes and penalties duly imposed upon them; and that after the said bills had been thus distrained and in his possession, the said banks being inicorporated companies by the laws of the State of Ohio, and doing business in the city of Cleveland,. sold, assigned, and transferred the same to the plaintiff; and that all the right and title to the said bills belonging to him is derived from the aforesaid assignment: wherefore the defendant says, the supposed causes bf action are not within the juriodieti.on of the court, and prays judgment if it will take further cognizance of the suit.
To this plea the plaintiff demurred, and -:he defendant joined
in demurrer, upon which judgment in the ccurt below was given for the defendant.
The only question presented in the case by either of the parties is, whether or not the court below had jurisdiction of the case
within the true meaning of the 11th section of the Judiciary Act of 1789, the material part of which is as follows: "1Nor shall any

DECEM1BER TERM, 1853.

631

Deshler v. D-odge.

district or circuit court have cognizance of any suit to recover
the contents of any promissory note, or other chose in action in favor of an assignee, unless a suit might have been prosecuted in shch court to recover the said contents if no assignment had been made, except in cases of foreign bills of exchange." It is admitted the assignors in this case .could not have maintained the suit in the federal courts. We are of opinion that this clause of the statute has no application to the case of a suit by the assignee of a chose in action to recover possession of the thing in specie, or damages fPr its wrongful caption or detention; and that it applies only to cases in which the suit is brought to recover the contents, or to enforce the -contract con. tained in the instrument assigned.
In the case of a tortious taking, or wrongfil detention of a chose in action against the right or title of the assignee, the injury is one to the right of property in the thing, and it is there-.
fore unimportant as it respects the derivation of the title; it is sufficient if it belongs to the party bringing the suit at the time
of the injury.
The distinction, as it respects the application of the 11th section of the Judiciary Act to a suit concerning a chose in action is this -where the suit is brought to enforce the contract, the assignee is disabled unless it might have been brought in the court, if no assignment had been made; but, if brought for a tortious taking or wrongful detention of the chattel, then the remedy accrues to the person who has the right of property or of posses-
sion at the time, the same as in case of a like wrong in respect to any other sort of personal chattel.
The principle governing the case wili be found in caseq that have frequently been before us arising out of the assignment of mortgages, where it has been held, if the suit is brought to re-
cover the possession of the mortgaged premises, the assignee may bring the suit in the federal courts, if a citizen of a State other than that of the tenant in possession, whether the mort-
gagee could have maintained it or not, within this section; but, if brought to enforce the payment or collection of .the debt by
sale of the premises or by a decree against the mortgagor, then the assignee is disabled, unless the like suit could have been maintained by the mortgagee. 7 Howard 198. This distinction is stated by Mr. Justice Grier, in the case of Sheldon et al. v. Sill,
8 Howard, 441. The learned Justice, in delivering the opinion of the court in that case, observed, "that the term chose in action is one of comprehensive import. It includes the infinite variety of contracts, covenants, and promises, which confers on one party a right to recover a personal chattel, or sum of money
from another, by action." This paragraph has been relied ou

632

SUPREME COURT.

Deshler v. Dodge.

to sust-ai the plea in question; but other portions of this 6pinion
will show, that the phrase "right to recover a personal chattel," was .not meant a: recovery in specie, or damages for a tortious injury to the same, but a remedy on the contract for the breach
of it, whether the contract was for the payment of money, cr the delivery of a personal chattel. Indeed, upon a close examina-
tion, this is the fair import of the language used, as he was speaking of the contract in the instrument assigned, not of the sale or transfer of it.
We have looked simply at the question of jurisdiction in the
case, as that is the only question raised by the plea, and as we are satisfied that the demurrer to it is well taken, the judgment of tle court below should be reversed, with costs, and proceedings remitted, with directions that judgment be given for the plaintiff that the defendant answer over.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY, Mr. Justice CATRON, Mr. Justice DANIEL, and Mr. Justice CAMPBELL, dissented.

Mr. Justice CATRON, dissenting.
The defendant, Dodge, was treasurer and tax-collector of Cuyahoga county, in Ohio, for the year- 1852. There was assessed on the tax -list of that year, against the Bank of Cleveland, $10,580; againstpthe Merchants Bank of Cleveland, $7,965;
on the Canal Bank of Cleveland, $9,216; and on the Commercial Bank of Cleveland, $11,981-making $38,981.
These respective amounts were distrained in bank-notes from each bank, and deposited by the tax-collector with the Cleveland Insurance Company, to his credit. As the four banks whose property was distrained were incapable of suing the taxcollector (who was citizen of Ohio) in the Circuit Court of the United States, they joined in a written transfer of the banknotes to John G. Deshler, the plaintiff, a citizen of New York, and he obtained a writ. of replevin, and process founded on it, out of the Circuit Court of the United States, and declared as a citizen of New York. The defendant Dodge pleaded in abatement, alleging that the causes of action re, not within the jurisdiction of the court; to which plea, there-was a demur-
rer. The first question is, whether this plea in abatement is the
proper defence, or should the plea have been in bar. The plea sets forth the distress for taxes due and unpaid from
the banks to the State; that the defendant Dodge was the taxcollector, and had the proper authority to make the distress, and did distrain, by virtue of his authority. By the laws of England, replevin does not lie for goods takeii in execution; nor in

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.
Deshler v. Dodge.
cases where goods are taken by distress according to pn act of parliament, this being in the nature of an execution. 7 Bac. Ab. Replevin and Avowry, C. 71; 6 Comyns's Digest, Replevin, D. 218; II8ley v. Stubbs, 5 Mass. Rep. 282, per Parsons, Ch. J.
So the statute of Ohio, under which the proceeding in this case was had, gives the writ of replevin, and prescribes thd mode of proceeding, requiring an affidavit fiom the owner (or his agent) thatt the goods were his, that they are wrongfully detained by the defendants; "and that said goods and chattels were not taken in the execution, on any judgment against said plaintit, nor for the payment of any tax, fine, or amercement assessed against the plaintiff;" and it is further provided that any writ of replevin, issued wxithout such affidavit, shall be quashed at the costs of the clerk issuing it; and that he and the plaintiff shall be liable in damages to the party injured. This adiidavit, Deshler made, and got the property into his possession on giving bond as the law requires.
The plea distinctly shows that the property was in a condition not to be taken by the writ of replevin, and that the Circuit Court had no jurisdiction to issue the writ, or in anywise interfore vili the property by that suit in replevin; and there being no jurisdiction to try title, or proceed further, the plea in abateinent was the proper one. And so are the American decisions. Shaw v. Levy, 17 Serg. & Rawle, 99.
The next question is, whether these corporations could lawfully assign to a third person their rights of action, to property out of their possession, and held adversely? Oil common-law principles such al assignment is champerty. Blackstone says, (vol. 4 135,) champart, in French law, signified a similar division of profits: "in our sense of the word it signifies i lic purchasing of a suit, or right of suing; a practice so much abhorred by our law, that it is one main reason why a chose in action, or thing of which One hath the right, but not the possession, is not assignable at common law; because no man should purchase any pretence to sue in another's right."
I am not aware that this, as a general rule, has been disputed. It therefore follows, as I think, that the assignment was void, and that the causes of action belonged to the four banks as if it had never been made; and they alone, having the right to sue in any form, and being citizens of Ohio, no power to interfere with the tax-collector, Dodge, or the property distrained, existed in the United States court.
A principal objection that I have heard urged is, that as the plea sets forth matter in bar, and commences and concludes in abatement, it is bad for this reason: If we were allowed to rely on such a barren. technicality, the qssumntion is not well found.

634

SUPREME COURT.

Deshler v. Dodge.

ed. Li -a replevin for goods the defendant may plead property in another -(or that the goods were taken in. execution) either in abatement or bar. 1 Chit. P1. 446; Ilsley v. Stubbs, 5 Mass. Rep. 284-5; 1 Johns. Rep. 380; 1 Salk. 5.
As the plaintiff had no title that he could assert, it is of no consequence to him who has, say some of the authorities; but if this
second ground was doubtful, it is cured by the act of jeofails. The thirty-second section of the Judiciary Act declares that
no proceeding in civil causes shall be quashed or reversed, for any.defect of want of form, but that the courts shall proceed and give judgment according to the right of the cause without regarding such defects, or want of form in any pleading, except in cases of demurrer, where the party demurring shall have specially set down and expressed in his demurrer, the causes thereof. The demurrer here is general, and no mere technicality was alloWable.
"The right of the matter in law," in this case, involves a very grave consideration, such as would in all probability deeply disturb the harmony of the Union, if tax-payers in larger classes, could combine together, let their property be distrained, and then assign it to a third person, a citizen of another State, and on the same day, as in this case, take it from the State authority by a federal court writ, and let it be taken beyond the State's jurisdiction.
It was said by the Supr eme Court of Pennsylvania, in a case where property had been seized for taxes due, and taken from the officer's possession by a writ of replevin, "that the court will not support this form of action in such a case, nor suffer such an abuse of their process. If one man may bring replevin where his goods have been taken for taxes, so may every other person; and thus dhe collection of all taxes might be evaded. Independently of the act of assembly we are bound to quash this writ." 3 Yeates's Rep. 82.
I deem the case before us. to have been a very disreputable proceeding. The officers of these banks could not make the ne-
cessary oath required to obtain a writ of ::eplevin. and to evade the laws of Ohio, the device of an assignment of their separate causes of action to a non-resident was resorted to, who could swear that this property was not distrained for his taxes, and
thus apparently comply with the law, so far as an oath was required; whereas he violated its spirit, to bring into a tribunal of the Union a controversy that a State court would not sanction, by practising a fraud on the laws of OLib, and a fraud on the Constitution of the United States. And what adds to the grossness of this transaction is, the attempt to assign and vest in this plaintiff divers causes of action, by separate assignors, thus seek-

DECEMBER TER.M, 1853.

635

Doe et al. v. Braden.

ing to practise champerty, in a form and to an extent not heretofore devised. If four could assign, and their claims be combined in one suit, by the assignee, so could as many hundreds. To sanction the validity of an assignment to a non-resident of property adversely held, and let him sustain a suit for it, would throw open the United States courts to every matter of litigation where property was in dispute exceeding the value of five hundred dollars.
I feel quite confident that the Constitution did not contemplate this mode of acquiring jurisdiction to the courts of the Union, and am -of opinion, that the judgment of the Circuit Court sustaining the plea ought to be affirmed.

Mr. Justice DANIEL. I also dissent from the opinion of the court in this case, and concur in the views so conclusively taken of it by my brother Catron.

Order.

This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Ohio, and was argued by counsel. On consideration
whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged, by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court, in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed, with costs; and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court for further proceedings to be had therein, in conformity to the opiniont of this court.

JOHN DOE, ON THE DEMISE OF LOT CLARK, DAvID CLARKSON,
JOSEPH D. BEERS, ANDREW TALCOTT, BRANTZ MAYER, AND HARRIET HACKLEY, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JOSEPH ADDISON BRADEN.
In the ratification, by the King of Spain, of the treaty by which Florida was ceded to the United States, it was admitted that certain grants of land in Florida. amongst which was one to the Duke of Alagon, were annulled and declared void.
A written declaration, annexed to a treaty at the time of its ratification, is as obligatory as if the provision had been inserted in the body of the treaty itself.
Whether or not the King of Spain had power, according to the Constitution of Spain, to annul this grant, is a political and not a judicial question, and was -decided when the treaty was made and ratified.

SUPREME COURT.
Calvert et al. v. Bradler et a.
A mortgagor cannot redeem after a lapse of twenty years, after forfeiture and possession, no interest having been paid in the mean time, and no circumstances appearing to account for th& neglect. Hughes v. Edwards, 9 'Wheat. 489. Where the mortgagee brings his bill of foreclosure, the mortgage will, after the same length of time, be presumed to have been discharged unless there be circumstances to rspel the presumption, as payment of interest, a promise to pay, an acknowledgment by the mortgagor that the mortgage is still existing, and the like. Ib.
In every point of view in which the case may be considered, it is clear that there is no ground of equity, on which the complainants can have relief.
The decree of the Circuit Court is affirmed, with costs.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Pennsylvania, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause, be, and the same is hereby aff rmed, with costs.

CHARLES B. CALVERT AND GEORGE I. IN ERROR, V. JOSEPH H. BRADLEY AND TON.

CALVERT, BENJAMIN

PLAINTIFFS
F. MIDDLE-

Where a lease was made by several owners of a house, reserving rent to cadh one in proportion to his interest, and there was a covenant on the part of the lessee that Ie would keep the premises in good repair and surrender them in like repair, this covenant was joint as respbets the lessors, and one of them (or two representing onl, interest) cannot maintain an action for the breach of it by the lessee.
The question examined, whether a mortgagee of a leasehold interest, reintaining out of possession, is liable upon the covenants of the lease. The Engli.-h and American cases reviewed and compared with the decisions of this court upon kindred points. But the court abstains from an express lecision, which is rendere-l unnecessary by the application of the principle first above mentioned to the cacw in hand.

THIS case was brought up by writ of error from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holder, in and for the county of Washington.
It was an Action of covenant brought by the Calverts againf
Bradley and Middleton, who weie the assignees of the unexpire, term and property in the house for the purpose of paying the

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

581

Calvert et al. v. Bradley et al.

creditors of the lessee. The lease was of the property called the National Hotel, in Washington, owned as follows:

George H. Calvert and Charles B. Calvert, jointly .................... Roger C. Weightman ............................................ Philip Otterback ................................................. W illiam A. Bradley ................................................
Robert Wallach, represented by his guardian, Alexander Hunter

Shares. 205 66 22 20
.......... 2

Total shares ....................................................

315

All of the above named persons signed the lease. The history of the case and the manner in which it came up are set forth in the opinion of the court.

It was argued by M1r. Wylie, for the plaintiffs in error, and by Mrt. Bradley and lfr. Lawrence, for the defendants.
The points made by the counsel for the plaintiffs in error were the following.
Two questions arise out of the record for the decision of this court: I First. Whether the plaintiffs have brought their action in proper form, without joining with the other covenantees.
Second. Whether the defendants, being assignees of the term, and having accepted the same for the purpose of fulfilling a trust, are liable on the covenants of the lease, as other assignees
would be. First point. In this case the covenant was with the cove-
nantees jointly and severally; but as the two Calverts were the only parties whose interest in the property, and whose demise was joint, it was probably the intention of the parties that the term "jointly," in the covenants, was intended to apply to their case, and that as to all the rest the covenants were to be several. That construction, at least, will render all parts of the in-
strument consistent. There is a distinction as to ti.ese terms "jointly and severally,"
when applied to covenantees, and when applied to covenantors. Covenantors may bind themselves jointly and severally, and they -ill be so bound, because that is their contract. But covenantees must bring their actions- jointly or severally, according as their interests are joint or several. The rule is laid down by Lord Denman in Foley v. Addenbrooke, 4 Adol. & E. 205,206, in the following terms: "But the result of the cases appears to be this, that where the legal interest and caus, of action of the covenantees are several, they should sue separately, though the covenant be joint in terms; but the several interest and the several ground of action must distinctly appear, as in the case of cove-
49'.

582

SUPREME COURT.

Calvert ct al. v. Bradley et al.

nants to pay separate rents to tenants in common upon demises by them."
So in James v. Emery, 8 Taunt. Rep. 244, it was said by C. J. Gibbs: "The principle is well known, and fully established,
that if the interest be. joint, the action mast be joint, although the words of the covenant be several; and if the interest be several, the covenant will be several, although the terms of it be joint."
The more recent decisions all refer to SlIngsby's case, 5 Rep.
18,19, as kAhe leading authority on this question; then to Anderson v. Martindale, 1 East, 497; Ecckston v. Clipsham, 1 Saund. 153; Wilkinson v. Lloyd, 2 Mod. Rep. 82, besides the
cases already referred to; S. P. in Slater v. Magraw, 12 Gill & J. 265.
The rule, as above established, is subject to modification where one of the coveiantees possesses no beneficial interest, in which
case the action must be joint; for though "thecovenant be separate, the legal interest is joint. Anderson v. Martindale, 1 East, 497; Southcote v. Hoare, 3 Taunt. 87; Scott v. Godwin, I Bos. & Pul. 67; which explains the decision in the case of Bradburn v. Botfield, 14 Mees. & Wel. 559.
Second point. The question is whether a party who accepts an assignment of lease in a deed of trust, as a security for money leit, or debt incurred, is liable upon the covenants in the lease, as -he would be if the hssignment were absolute, though he has never occupied the premises in fact?
On this question the decision in Eaton v. Jaques, Douglas's Rep. 460, is directly adverse to the plaintifih in this cause.
That decision, however, was at the time not acquiesced in by
other judges, or by the profession, and has since been repeatedly overruled, and stands alone and unsustained by any other authority.. See the case of Williams v. Bosan quet, 1 Brod. & B. 238; Platt on Coy. 3 Law Lib. 488; Taylo r's Land. & Tenant, 223; Turner v. Richardson, 7 East, 344; "Walter v. Cronly, 14
Wend. 63. The doctrine of Eaton v. Jacques has beeii followed in New
York, (see 4 Kent's Comm. 153, 154,) but the doctrine of that case was repudiated as to the District of Columbia in the cases of 'Stelle v. Carroll, 12 Pet. 201; and. Van Ness v. Hyatt,
13 Tb. 294. Again, these trustees might themselves have sold and con.
veyed the leasehold interest in question. Suppose that had been
done, would not the purchaser have taken the interest, subject to all the covenants in the lease? That cannot be questioned.
If so, then the trustees must have held the lease in the same manner themselves; for they could not have assigned the lease

DEC'EMBER TERM, 1853.

585

Calvert et al. v. Bradley et al.

subject to a burden from -which it was exempt whilst in their own hands.
Finally, how does the question stand in reference to considerations of justice and equity?
Suppose the lease had been one of great value. Blackwell chose to incur debts, and to make an assignment of all his property in the world, not only to secure particular favored creditors for debts already incurred, but for all liabilities which he might afterwards incur to them. The deed of trust is recorded, and
protects this property froth the just obligations imposed by the covenants in the lease. He holds the property by permission of the trustees from year to year, until the lease is about to expire, when he absconds, and abandons the premises in a dilapidated condition. The trustees then come forward, and under their deed of trust take possession of all the property on the premises, sell it, and pay the favored creditors in full from the proceeds; but because the lease is about to expire, they repudiate that, together with its covenants, because it was unprofitable to perform them. They had received and accepted the lease when it was made, and when it was valuable; but when it was about to expire they reject it, because to hold it, and perform its covenants, or to sell it, would be no longer to their advantage.

The points made by the counsel for the defendants in error, were the following:
First. That the action is improperly brought, and the first vice in the pleading being in the plaintifi' declaration, on general demurrer, the judgment of the court must be affirmed.
Second. Failing in this, they maintain that the matters set up in the second and third pleas, are properly pleadable to this action, and furnish a complete bar to plaintiffs' recovery.
First. As to the first general point, they say: 1. The action on the .covenant to repair, in this demise, should
have been a joint action by all the landlords. If the covenant is expressly joint, the action must be joint;
and if it be joint and several, or several only in the terms of it,
yet, if the interest be joint, and the cause of action be joint, the action must be joint. Slingsby's Case, 5 Co. 18, (6); Eceleson v. Clipsham, 1 Saund. 153; 2 Keb. 338, 339, 347, 385; Spencer "v.Durant, Comb. 115; 1 Show. S; Johnson v. Wilson, Willes, 248; 7 Mod. 345; Saunders v. Johnson, Skin. 401*; Hopkinson
v. Lee, 14 Law J. (N. S.) 101; Anderson v. Martindale, 1 East,
497; Kingdom v. Jones, T. Jones, 1-50. And the reason is clearly given in Anderson v. Martindale, 1
East, 500, where the court say: If both parties were allowed to bring separAte actions for the same interest, where only one

584

SUPRE E COURT.

Calvert et al. v. Bradley et al.

duty was to be performed, which of them ought to recover for
the non-perforimance of the covenant? If the covenant is equivocal, the interest of the parties wvill
determine the right of action, and make it joint or several, as the interest and cause of action is joint or several. Sheppard's
Touchstone, by Preston, 166. If tenants in common make a lease to another, rendering to
them a certain rent during the term, "the tenants in common shall have an action of*debt against the :essee, and not divers actions, for that the action is in the personalty. Littleton, § 316. And this because the demise is joint; but if the demise) were several, whether in the same instrument or not, the action
must be several for the rent, because the interest and cause of action is several. Wilkinson v. Hall, 1 Bing. N. C. 713; 1
Scott, 675. The action must be joint in all matters that concern'the tene-
ments in common (and where the injury complained of is entire and indivisible) action on the case for nuisance , &c., detinue of charters - warrantiacharttv; case for ploughir. g lands whereby cattle were hurt; trespass for breaking into -.heir house; breaking
their inclosure or fences; feeding, wasting, or defouling their grass; cutting down their timber; fishing .tn their piscary, &c.; because in these cases, though their estates are several, yet the
damages' survive to' all; and it would be unreasonable to bring several actions for one single trespass; so if there be two tenants in common, and they make a bailiff, and one of them dies, the survivor shall have an action of account, for the action given
to them for the arrearages of rent was joint. See Archbold's Civil Plead. tit. Joinder of Plaintiffs, 54, and the cases cited;
Bac. Ab., (Dub. Ed. 1786,) tit. Joint-Tena.nts and Tenants in Common, let. K. and cases cited.
Bacon says: A makes a lease in which the lessee covenants to repair; lessor grants his reversion by several moieties to several persons, and lessee assigns to J. S. 'In an action of rovenant by the grantees of the reversion for not repairing, the ques-
tion was. If two tenants in common of a reversion, could join in bringing an action of covenant against the assignee? And it was held, that they could and ought to join in this case, being
a mere personal action according to Littleton's rule, which was held general, without relation to any privity of contract; and that the covenant being indivisible, the wrong and damages could
not be distributed, because uncertain;" and he cites the same cases that Archbold does. Archbold says,.after speaking of the
several cases of personal actions in which They must join, and -enumerating the cases in which they need not join, "But in all
other cases where that which is sued for is not distributable, a in

DECEMLBER TERMI, 1853.

585

Calvert et al. v. Bradley et al.

covenant for not repairing where the damages are not distributable because uncertain, tenants in common must join in the action."
In Foley v. Addenbrooke, 4 Q. B. 207, 3 G. & D. 64, Lord
Denman says, "The result of the cases appears to be this, that when the legal interest and cause of action of the covenantees are several, they should sue separately, though the covenant be joint in its terms; but the several interest and several ground of
action must distinctly appear." And in Bradburne v. Botfield, 14 M. & W, 574, Parke, B. de-
livering the opinion of the court, says: "It becomes unneces-
sary to decide whether one of several tenants in common. lessors, could sue on a covenant with all to repair, as to which
there is no decisive authority either way. That all could sue is perfectly clear;" and he eltes the cases referred to by Bacon and Archbold. See also, Simpson v. Clayton, per Tindal, C. J. 4 Bing. N. C. 781, and Wakefield v. Brown, Q. B. Trin. T. 1846, 7 Law Times, 450.
These two cases of Foley v. Addenbrooke, and Bradburne v. Botfield, are cases in point, and show that-if there are covenants which are joint and several in the same instrument, and there is any one act or thing to be done for the redress of which they
may all join, and there are covenants where they may sue severally, then the action for a breach of that covenant in which all may join, must be a joint action, and the action for the breach of any covenant when all cannot join, must be a separate action. See also Sorsbie v. Park, 12 Al. & V. 146, and see the query put
by Parke, B. at p. 566, 14 M. & Wr. " If there is a demise by one tenant in common as to his moiety, and a demise by the other tenant in common as to the other moiety, by the same instrument, and there is a covenant to repair, I wafit you to show that each may sue separately"
In this case the covenants are joint and several: they all may join in an action for reliairs; they all may join for a failure to pay taxes; they are all jointly inierested in the possession and
mode of enjoyment ; the covenant for repairs affects- only the reversioners' possession and enjoyment, not the title; it is a joint and several demise, and the covenant is to them jointly and seve-
rally for a thing which is not distributable. They must join. The non-joinder of plaintiffs on oyer may be taken advantage
of on the plea of non estfactum, and is for the court. Eecleston
v. Clipsham, 1 Saun. 154, n. 1.
Second. The matters set up in the second and third pleas, are properly pleadable in bar.
Firstplea. It is a conveyance of a leasehold interest to third parties upon trust to secure a debt.

686

SUPREME COURT.

Calvert et al. v. Bradley et al.

The possession is to remain in the assignor until default, and he is to pay the rent.
The assignment is not signed or sealed by the assignees, and they never took possession.
Second plea. The plaintiffs themselves took possession before the expiration-of the term, and on the default. of the assignor, and offered the premises for rent, and mace alterations and repairs before the expiration of the term.
It. is a trust, and not simply a mortgage. It is a confidence, not issuing out of the land, but as a thing collateral, annexed in privity to the estate of the land, and to*the person touching the land. Co. Litt. 272, (b.)- While a mortgage is a debt by specialty, (2 Atk. 435,) secured by a pledge of lands of which the legal ownership is vested in the creditor, but of which in
equity the debtor and those claiming under him remain the actual owner until foreclosure. Cootq on Mort. 1.
Here is a special trust, ministerial in its character, (Lewin on Trusts,'21, 22,) in which the trustee holds the legal estate with a power to sell and convey for the 'enefit of the debtor and creditor. He takes no ii/erest personally in the land. He has no right to the possession, except for the mere purposes of sale; he has no riglt to the rents, issues, profits, or other income from the land. In all this he differs from a mortgagee..
He is a mere agent of both parties, as a means of holding and transmitting the title to others.
Can he be bound personally by the covenant of those from whom his authority emanates?
But it is said he is a mortgagee of a leasehold interest, and as such, is bound by a covenant to repair the mortgaged premises. And for this Williams v. Bosanquet, 1 Bro. & Bing. 238, is relied upon. It is undoubtedly true that that case has overruled Eaton v. Jaques, 2 Doug. 456, and is to be taken as the law of England at this day.
Eaton v. Jaques was decided 10th Nbvember, 1783. It proceeded on the'ground that it was not an assignment of all the mortgagor's estate, title, right, &c.
Williams v. Bosanquet goes upon the g.ound that privity of estate existed by acceptance of the assignment, which it affirms to be equal to possession, and privity of contract by the assignment of a contract made with the lessee and his assigns, and thus all the estate, right, title, &c., of the mortgagee passed by the assignment.
.4The American doctrine," says XIMGr. remleaf, note 1, p.101, "o the 2d vol. of his edition of Cruise, "as now generally set'lhd, both at law and in equity, is, that as to all the-world except fin maortgagee the freehold remains jn the mortgagor as it ex-

DECEMBER TERMT, 1853.

587

Calvert et al. v. Bradley et al.

isted prior to the mortgage." Of course he retains all his civil rights and relations as a freeholder, and may maintain any action for an injury to his possession or inheritance as before. And he cites numerous cases in Main', Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York, Pennsylvania, and Maryland.
At page 110, note to Tit. 15, Mortgage, ch. 11, §14, referring to the cases of Eaton v. Jaques, and Bosanquet v. Williams: "It is well settled, as a general doctrine, that a mere legal ownership does not make the party liable, in cases like those supposed in the text, without some evidence of his possession, also, or of his actual entry." It is clearly settled in the law of shipping, and he cites nurnerous cases, to which reference is here made,
that fully sustain his proposition. And he proceeds to show that Villiams v. Bosanquet rests on purely technical grounds.
leference is made to the whole note. The case cited in that note from 4 Leigh, 69, went upon the
ground that the parties came into equity, seeking to avail themselves of the trust, and the court decided they must take it charged with the burdens upon it.
In addition to the cases referred to in tnese notes, see the
Maryland cases, viz. Payment of the mortgage debt re-invests the mortgagor with
his title without release. Paxson's Lessee v. Paul, 3 H. & McH. 400.
The mortgagor's interest is subject to the attachment law of 1795. Campbell v. Morris, 3 II. & McH. 535, 561, 562, 576.
Being condemned and sold under execution, the purchuser has a right to redeem. Ford et al. v. Philpot, 5 I-L & J. $312,
and see the reasoning of the chancellor in this case. The mortga or is the substantial owner, and, so long as the equity of
redemption lasts, may dispose of the property as he pleases. Unless there is an agreement to the contrary, the mortgagee
has a right to the possession of the mortgaged property, and trespass will not lie7 against him for taking it. Jamieson r. Bruce, 6 G. & J.72.
But the mortgagee has an interest in the subject-matter not absolute, but only commensurate with the object contemplated by the mortgage, the security of the debt. Evans v. Merriken,
S G. & J. 39. The devisees of the mortgagor have a right to call on the ex-
ecutor to redeem out of the surplus.over specific legacies. Gibson v. McCormick, 10 G. & J.66.
The interest of the mortgagee passes to his executor; that of the mortgagor to the heir. Chase v. Lockerman, 11 G. &
J. 185. These cases clearly establish the proposition of Lord Mans-

SUPREME COURT.
Calvert et al. v. Bradley et al.
field, in Eaton v. Jaques, that the whole estate, right, and interest, do not pass by the assignment of the lease, by way of mortgage.
They are supposed to be in conflict with Stell v. Carroll, 12 Pet. 205, and Van Ness v. Hyatt, 13 Pet. 294-300.
As to the first, it only affirms the common-law doctrine that there can be no dower in an equitable estate.
As to the second, it affirms the. common-law doctrine that legal estates only are subject to execution at law. But the case referred to at p. 300, as a manuscript case, and which is supposed to be the case of Harris v. Alcock, [0 G. & J. 226, shows that where there is judgment against a party having an equitable interest, and execution issuied and returned nulla bona, the judgment creditor may, through a court of equity, reach the equitable interests.
Again. The assignee of a lease by way of mortgage, where there is a covenant such as exists in this case, cannot be. in, by privity of estate. Astor v. Hoyt, 5 Wend. 603. His liability arises solely from privity of estate - not of contract. Walton v. Cronly, 14 Wend. 63; and see Platt on Coy. 493, 494, and cases in notes v and t. He is liable, therefore, only for acts during his possessioh. Platt, 494 and 603, and cases cited.
Here the claim is for the whole period of the lease to the bringing of the suit. It is a covenant to keep in repair. It must be to keep it so while in his possession.
The third plea sets up, that the acts of plaintiff prevented or dispensed with any obligation of the defendants to repair.
As between the Qriginal parties, the duty can only be discharged by a release under seal. The assignee is in a different position. Platt, 493, 494. He may avoid it by assignment.
Here the assignment is by deed poll. The obligation of the assignee may be released by parol. A surrender of the premises without a release would be sufficient. The interference of the landlord, or any acts of ownership, by which the possession and enjoyment were prevented or impaired - especially the taking possession, offering to rent, and proceeding to make' the repairs and such alterations as the landlord .saw fit-amount to a waiver.
T/Ird Point. This is an action of covenant. The foundation of such an action is the s.eal of the covenants. ' The action will not lie on a deed poll against the grantee. Platt on Cov. 10-18, inclusive.
Comyn on Land. and Ten. 273, citing Mills v. Harris, from Bayley, J., London, October sittings, 1820.
An action on the case by the lessee wilt lie against the assignee., but covenantwill not lie.

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

589

Calvert et al. v. Bradley et al.

Here there was. neither a sealing by the assignees, nor any possession under the lease; covenant will not lie.
The judgiient of the Circuit Court was therefore right.

.Mr. Jyli, in reply.

1st Point. The cause of action was several, because the in-

terests were several. The interests being several, the covenants

in the lease, it must follow, were several also. If the covenants

were several, and they were broken, the breach and the cause

of action must therefore'be several. It would be a solecism to

say that the cause of action was joint, upon a covenant, when

the interests were several and the covenants several. The

breach of the covenant and the cause of action must follow the

quality of the covenant. If that be joint the breach of it is

joint; if it be several the breach of it is several.

The lessors were tenants in common of the premises in ques-

tion. Tenants in common are joint but in one respect. They

have neither the unity of time, nor of title; nor of interest; but

only the unity of possession. They can join therefore in an ac-

tion only when there has been an injury to their united posses-

sion; as in the case of trespass, waste, &c.

The breach of the covenant complained of in the present ac-

tion, was an injury only to the interests of the several lessors,

and not to their possession; and their interests being several the

covenants and the breach of them must be several. The case

of Bradburne v. Botfield, 14 M. &. . 574, which is so con-

fidently relied upon by the defence, was decided upon an entirely

different point. In that case the covenant was construed to be

joint, because, as to one of the interests, there were trustees,

and these trustees as well as their cestuis que trust, were parties

to the demise and the covenant. Now if the covenant had been

construed to be several in that case, then these trustees and

their cestuis que trust might have sued for the same breach, and

it would have been impossible to tell for which of them judg-

ment could be rendered. The question was "What was to be

done with the Foleys ?" and if both the trustees and their be-

neficiaries could sue separately for the same injury, then would

follow the absurdity that "the whole was not equal to all its

parts." And in the conclusion of the opinion delivered, the court

expressly disclaim to decide the question now under examination.

The very point was decided in Wilkinson v. Loyd, 2 lod. Rep. 8° . See also notes A. & B. to Eceleston v. Clipsham, 1 Saund.

153; James v. Emory, 8 Taunt. Rep. 244; Scott v. Godwin, 1

Bos. & Pul. 67; 9 A. & E. 222.

2d Point. The authorities already referred to leave no ground

to doubt as to what is the doctrine of the common law on this

VOL. XVI.

50

590

SUPREME COURT.

Calvert et al. v. Bradley' et al.

point. There can no longei be any question about that. The
only question (if it can be a question at all) is, whether the common law, or some other law that we know nothing of, is
the law of the District of Columbia. In some of the States this doctrine of the comfl6n law has been changed by express enactment, and in others the common law has been abrogated by a gradual course of judicial construction. But in this district there
has been no enactment ont'the subject; nor has there been any gradual course of judicial construction to undermine and wear away the settled doctrines of the common law. And this court in Stelle v. Carroll and Van Ness v. Hyatt, already cited, has
shown its determination to uphold the common law, against the invasion of new principles and doctrines, which had succeeded
in driving out the common law from some of the States of the Union. Maryland is one of the States in which the common
law has in this respect been changed by statute, since its cession to the United States of this portion of the District of Columbia; and the authorities of that State are therefore not to be considered in this case.
As to the position that an assignee of a lease is not liable
on the covenants to repair, contained in it, that is a new doctrine,
against which it is hardly necessary to refer to authorities.

lhfr. Justice DANIEL delivered the opinion of the court. The plaintiffs brought their action of covenant, in the court
above mentioned, against the defendants, to recover of them in
damages the value of repairs made by the plaintiffs upon certain property in the city of Washington, known as the National
Hotel, which had been on the 17th of April, 1844, leased by the plkintiffs, together with Roger C. Weightman, Philip Otterback, William A. Bradley, and Robert Wallach, to Samuel S. Coleman, for the term of five years. This property was owned by the lessors in shares varying in number as to the several owners,
and by the covenant in the deed of demise, the rent was reserved and made payable to the owners severally in proportion to their respective interests, the interests of the plaintiffs only in the
shares owned by them being joint. In addition to the covenant
on the part of the lessee for payment to each of the lessors of his separate proportion of the rent, there is a covenant by the lessee for the payment of the taxes and assessments which might become due upon the premises during the term, and a further covenant that he would, during the same time, "keep the said hotel with the messuages and appurtenances in like good
order and condition as when he received the same, and would, at the expiration of the said term, surrender them in like good repair." On the 1st of January, 1847, the lessee, Coleman, as-

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

591

Calvert et al. v. Bradley et al.

signed all his interest in the lease to Cornelius W. Blackwell, who entered and took possession of the premises. On the 17th
of February, 1848, Blackwell, by deed poll, conveyed to the defendants, Bradley and M'liddleton, all the goods, chattels, household stuffs, and furniture then upon the premises, together with the good will of the said hotel and business, and the rest and residue of the unexpired term and lease of said Blackwell in the premises - upon trust to permit the said Blackweil to remain in possession and enjoyment of the property until he should fail
to pay and satisfy certain notes and responsibilities specified in the instrument; but upon the failure of Blackwell to pay and satisfy those notes and responsibilities, the trustees were to take possession of the property conveyed to them, and to make sale thereof at public auction for the purposes in the deed specified. Blackwell remained in possession after the execution of the deed to the defendants, until the 6th of March, 1849, when he ab-
skonded, leaving a portion of the rent of the premises in arrear. The property having been thus abandoned by the tenant, an
agreement was entered inito between the owners of the property and the defendants, that 'a distress should not be levied for the
rent in arrear, but that the defendants should sell the effects of Blackwel left upon the premises, and from the proceeds thereof should pay the rent up to the 1st day of May, 1849- the defendants refusing to claim or accept any title to, or interest in, the unexpired portion of the lease, or to take possession of the
demised premises. In this state of things the plaintiffs, being the largest shareholders in those premises, proceeded to take possession of and to occupy them, and to put upon them such
repairs as by them were deemed necessary, and have continued to hold and occupy them up to the institution of this suit. The action was brought by the plaintiffs alone, and in their own names, to recover their 'proportion of the damages alleged by them to have been incurred by the breach of the covenant for repairs contained in the lease to Coleman, which was assigned
to Blackwell, and by the latter to the defendants by the deedpoll -of February 17th, 1848.
To the declaration of the plaintiffs the defendants pleaded four separate pleas. To the 3d and 4th of these pleas the defendants demurred, and as it was upon the questions of law raised by the demurrer to these pleas, that the judgment of the court was given, we deem it unnecessary to take notice of those on which issues of fact were taken. The 3d and 4th pleas pre-. sent substantially the averments that the deed from Blackwell to the defendants was simply and properly a deed of trust made for the security of certain debts and liabilities of Blackwell, therein enumerated; and giving power to the defendants in the

592

SUPREME COURT.

Calvert et al. t. Bradley ot al.

event of the failure on the part of Blackwell to pay and satisfy those responsibilities, to take possession of the subjects of the trust and dispose of them for the purposes of the deed. That this deed was not in law a full assignment af the term of Blackwell in the demised premises, and never was accepted as such, but on the contrary was always refused by the defendants as such; and that the plaintiffs, by their own acts, would have rendered an acceptance and occupation by the defendants, as assignees of the term, impracticable, if such had been their wish and intention, inasmuch as the plaintiffs themselves had, upon the absconding of Blackwell, the assignee of Coleman, entered upon and occupied the demised premises, and held and occupied the same up to the institution of this action, and had, during that occupancy, and of their own will, made such repairs upon the premises as to the plaintiffs has seemed proper or convenient.
Upon the pleadings in this cause two questions are presented
for consideration; and comprising, as they do, the entire law of the case, its decision depends necessarily upon the answer to be given to those questions.
The first is, whether the plaintiffs in error, as parties to the deed of covenant on which they have declared, call maintain their action without joining with them as co-plaintiffs the other covenantees?
The second is, whether the defendants in error, in virtue of
the legal effect and operation of the deed to them from Blackwell, the assignee of Coleman, and without having entered upon the premises in that deed mentioned, except in the mode and
for the purposes in the 3d and 4th pleas of the defendants set forth, and admitted by the demurrer, were bound for the fulfilment of all the covenants in the lease to Coleman, as regular assignees would have been?
The affirmative of both these questions is insisted upon by
the plaintiffs. The converse as to both is asserted by the defendants, who
contend as to the first, that the covenants for repairs declared on and of which profert is made, is essentiUy a joint contract, by and with all the covenantees, and eould not be sued upon by them severally; and that the demurrer to the 3d and 4th pleas, reaching back to and affecting the first vice in the pleadings, shows upon the face of the declaration, and of the instrument set out in huec verba, a restriction upon the plaintiffs to a joint interest, or a joint cause of action only with all their associates in the lease.
2. That tie deed from Blackwell to the defendants, being a conveyance of a leasehold-interest in the nature of a trust for
the security of a debt, by the terms of which conveyance the

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

593

Calvert et al. v. Bradley et al.

grantor was to remain in possession till default of payment, and
the grantees not having entered into possession of the demised premises, which were entered upon and held by the pliintiffs themselves, the defendants could not be bound, under the cove-
nant for repairs, to the premises never in their possession, and over which they exercised no control.
The second of the questions above mentioned, as presented
by the pleadings, will be first adverted to. This question involves the much conroverted and variously decided doctrine as to the responsibility of the mortgagee of leasehold property,
pledged as security for a debt, but of which the mortgagee has never had possession, for the performance of all the covenants
to the fulfilment whereof a regular assignee of the lease would be bound.
Writh regard to the law of England, .as now settled, there seems to be no room for doubt that the assignee of a term although by way of mortgage or as a security for the payment of
money, would be liable under all the covenants of the original lessee. In the case of Eaton v. Jacques, reported in the 2d vol.
of Douglas, p. 456, this subject was treated by Lord Mansueld with his characteristic clearness and force; andwith the strong support of Justices Willes, Ashurst, and Buller, he decided that the assignee of a lease by way of mortgage or as a mere security for
money, and who had not possession, is not bound for or by the covenants of the lessee. The language of his lordship in this case is exceedingly clear "In leases," said he, "the lessee, being a party to the original contract, continues always liable notwithstanding any assignment; the assignee is only liable in respect of his pos-
session of the thing. He bears the burden while he enjoys the benefit, and no longer; and if the whole is not passed, if a day only is reserved, he is not litible. To do justice, it is necessary to understand things as they really are, and construe instruments
according to the intent of the parties. What is the effect of this instrument between the parties? The lessor is a stranger to it. He shall not be injured, but he is not entitled to any benefit under it. Can we shut our eyes and say, it is an absolute con-
.veyance ? It was a mere security, and it was not, nor ever is
meant that possession shall be taken until the default of payment and the money has been demanded. The. legal forfeiture has only accrued six months, and if the mortgagee had wanted pos-
session he could not have entered via facti. He must have
brought an ejectment. This was the understanding of the parties, and is not contrary to any rule of law." The same doctrine was sanctioned in the case of Walker v. IReeves, to be found in a note in Douglas, vol. 2, p. 461. But by the more recent ease of Williams v. Bosanquet, it has been decided that when a
504*

SUPREME COURT.
Calvert et al. v. Bradley et al.
party takes an assignment of a lease by way of mortgage as a security for money lent, the whole interest passes to him, and he becomes liable on the covenant for the payment of the rent, though he never occupied or became possessed in fact. This decision of Williams v. Bosanquet is founded on the interpretation put upon the language of Littleton in the fifty-ninth and sixty-sixth sections of the treatise on Tenures - in the former of which that writer remarks, "that it is to be understood that in a lease for years by deed or without deed, ":here needs no livery of seizin to be made to the lessee, but he may enter when he will, by force of the same lease;" and in the latter, "also if a man letteth land to another for term of years, albeit the lessor dieth before the lessee entereth into the terements, yet he may enter into the same after the death of the lessor, because the lessee by force of the lease hath right presently to have the tenements according to the force of the lease." And the reason, says Lord Coke, in his commentary upon these sections is, "because the interest of the term doth pass and rest in the lessee before entry, and therefore the death of the lessor cannot divest that which was vested before." True it is, he says, "that to many purposes he is not tenant for years until he enter, as a release to him is not good to increase his estate before entry." Co. Litt. 46, b. Again it is said, by this commentator, that" a release which enures by way of enlarging an estate cannot work without possession; but by this is not to be understood that the lessee hath but a naked right, for then he could not grant it over; but seeing he hath enteresse termini before entry, he may grant it over, albeit for want of actual possession he is not capa. ble of a release to enlarge his estate." Whatever these positions and th6 qualifications accompanying them may by different minds be thought to import, it is mar ifest, from the reasoning and the references of the court in the case of Williams v.Bosanquet, that from them have been deduced the doctrine ruled in that case, and which must be regarded as the settled law of the English courts, with respect to the liabilities of assignees of leasehold estates. But clearly as this doctrine may have been established in England, it is very far from having received the uniform sanction of the several courts of this country, nor are we aware that it has been announced as the settled law by this court. Professor Greenleaf, in his edition of Cruise, Title 15, Mortgage, § 15, 16, p. 111, inclines very decidedly to the doctrine in Eaton v. Jacques. After citing the cases of Jackson v. Willard, 4 Johns. 41; of White v. Bond, 16 Mass. 400; Waters v. Stewart, 1 Caines's Cases, 47; Cushing v. Hurd, 4 Pick. 253, ruling ~he doctrine that a mortgagee out ol possession has no interest which can be sold under execution, but that the equity of

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

595

Calvert et al. v. Bradley et al.

redemption remaining in the mortgagor is real estate, which may
be extended or sold for his debts; and farther, that the mortgagee
derives no profit from the land until actual entry or other exertion of exclusive ownership, previous to which the mortgagor takes the rents and profits without liability to account, Mr. Greenleaf comes to the following conclusion, namely, " On these grounds it has been held here as the better opinion, that the mortgagee
of a term of years, who has not taken possession, has not all the legal right, title, and interest of the mortgagor, and therefore is not to be treated as a complete assignee so as to be chargeable on the real covenants of the assignor."
In the case of Astor v. Hoyt, reported in the 5th of Wendell, 603, decided after the case of Williams v. Bosanquet, and in which the latter case was considered and commented upon, the Supreme Court of New York, upon the principle that the mortgagor is the owner of the property mortgaged against all the world, subject only to the lien of the mortgagee, declare the law to be, "that a mortgagee of a term not in possession, cannot be considered as an assignee, but if he takes possession of the mort-
gaged premises he has the estate, curn onere. In the case of Walton v. Cronly's Administrator, in the 14th of Wendell, p. 63, upon the same interpretation of the rights of the mortgagor
which was given in the former case, it was ruled that a mortgagee who has not taken possession of the demised premises, is
not liable for rent, and that the law in this respect is in New York different from what it is in England. It is contended, on behalf of the plaintiff in error, that the doctrine in Eaton v.Jacques, and in the several decisions from the State courts in conformity
therewith, is inconsistent with That laid down by this court in the cases of Stelle v.Carroll, in the 12th of Peters, 201, and of Van
Ness v. Hyatt et al. in the 13th of Peters, 294. With regard to this position it may be remarked, that the questions brought directly to the view of the court, and regularly and necessarily
passed upon in these cascs, did not relate to the rights and responsibilities of the assignee of a term, or to what it was requis'ite should be done for the completion of the one or the other. Giving every just latitude to these decisions, all that can be said
to have been ruled by the former is, that by the common law a wife is not dowable of an equity of redemption, and by the latter, that an equitable interest caimot be levied upon by an execution at law. This court therefore cannot properly be understood as having, in the cases of Stelle v. Carroll and Van Ness v. Hyatt, established any principle which is conclusive upon the grounds of defence set up by the third and fourth pleas of the defendant.. Nor do we feel called upon, in the present case,to settle that principle; for let it be supposed that such a principle has

596

SUPREME COURT.

Calvert et al. v. Bradley et al.

been most explicitly ruled by this court, still that supposition leaves open the inquiry, how far the establishment of such a principle can avail the plaintiffs in the relation in which they stand to the other covenantees in the deed from Coleman. In other words, whether the covenant for repairs, contained in that deed- was not essentially a joint covenant; one in which the
interest was joint as to all the grantees, and with respect to which, therefore, no one of them, or other portion less than the
whole, could maintain an action? The doctrines upon the subjects of joint and several interests
under a deed, and of the necessity or propriety for conformity
with remedies for enforcing those interests to the nature of the interests themselves, have been maintained by a course of decision as unbroken and perspicuous, perhaps, as those upon which
any other rule or principle can be shown to rest. They will be found to be the doctrines of reason and common sense.
Beginning with Windham's case, 3d Reports, part 5th, 6 a, 6 b, it is said that joint words wvill be taken respectively and severally, 1st. With respect to the several interests of the grantors. 2d. In respect of the several interests of the grantees. 3d. In
respect to, that the grant cannot take effect but at several times. 4th. In respect to the incapacity and impossibility of the grantees
to take jointly. 5th. In respect of the cause cf the grant or ratione
subjecten aterie. The next case which we will notice, is Slingsby's case in the same volume, 18 a, 18 b, decided in the exchequer. In this case it was ruled that a covenant with several el can qualibet and qztalibet eorint, is a several covenant only
where there are several interests. 'Where the interest is joint the words curn quolibet et qvalibet eorton are vo' d, and the covenant is joint. In the case of Eceleston and Wrife v. Clipsham, the law
is stated, that although a covenant be joint and several in the terms of it, yet if the interest afd cause of action be joint, the action must be brought by all the covenantees. And on the other hand, if the interest and cause of action be several, the
action may be brought by one only. 1 Saunders, 153., The learned annotator upon Sir Edmund Saunders, in his note to
the case of Eceleston v. Clipsham has collected a number of cases to this point and others which go to show that where there are several joint covenantees, and one of them shall sue alone withont averring that'thc others are dead, the defendant may take advantage of the variance at the trial, and that the principle applicable to such a case is different from that which
prevails where the action is brought against one of several joint covenantors or obligors who can avail themselves of the irregulaxity by plea in abatement only. The same rule with regard to the construction of covenants and to the legal rights and

DECEMBER TERM£, 1853.

597

Calvert Ct al. v. Bradley et al.

position of the parties thereto in courts of law may be seen in the eases of Anderson v. Martindale, 1 East, 497; Withers v. Bircharn, 3 Barn. & Cress. 255; James v. Emery, 5 Price, 533.
It remains now to be ascertained how far the parties to the case before us come within the influence of principles so clearly defined, and so uniformly maintained in the construction of covenants -nd in settling the legal consequences flowing from that interpretation. The instrument on which the plaintiffs instituted their suit was a lease from the plaintiffs and various other persons inteiested in different proportions in the property demised, and by the terms of which lease rent was reserved and made payable to the several owners of the prerises in the proportion of their respective interests. So far as the reservation and payment of rent to the covenantees, according to their several interests, made a part of the lease, the contract was several, and each of the covenantees could sue separately for his portion of the rent expressly reserved to him. But in this same lea.-e there is a covenant between the proprietors and the lessee, that the latter shall keep the premises in good and tenantable repair, and shall return the same to those proprietors in the like condition, and it is upon this cdvenant or for the breach thereof that the action of the plaintiffs has been brought. Is this a joint or several covenant? It has been contended that it is not joint, because its stipulations are with the several covenantees jointly and severally. But the answer to this position is this: Are not all the covenantees interested in the preservation of the property demised, and is any one or a greater portion of them exclusively and separately interested ill its preservation? And would not the dilapidation or destruction of that propert y inevitably affect and impair the interests of all, however it might and necessarily would so affect them in unequal amounts?
It would seem difficult to imagine a condition of parties from which an instance of joint interests could stand out in more prominent relief. This conclusion, so obvious upon the authority of reason, is sustained by express adjudications upon covenants e>.enfialy the same with that on which the plaintiffs in thik case have sued.
The Case of Foley v. Addenbrooke, 4 Adolph & Ell. 197. The declaral ion in covenant stated, that Foley and Wlhitby had demised to Addenbrooke lands and iron mines of one undivided moiety, of which Foley was seised in fee, Addenbrooke covenaning with Foley and Whitby and their heirs to erect and work lurnaces and to repair the premises and work the mines; that Foley wits dead, and plaintiff, Foley's heir, and breaches were assigned as committed since the death of Foley; that

SUPREME COURT.
Calvert et al. 7Y.Bradley et al.
Addenbrooke, and since his death his executors, had not worked the mines effectually, nor repaired the premises, nor left them in repair. To this declaration it was pleaded, that Whitby, one of the tenants in common, and one of the covenantees, who was not joined in the action, still survived. This plea was sustained upon special demurrer, and Lord Denman, in delivering the opinion of the court, says: 'KIn the presert case the covenants for breach, of which the action is brought, are such as to give to the covenantees a joint interest in the performance of them ; and the terms of the indenture are such that it seems clear that the covenantees might have maintained a joint action for the breach of any of them. Upon this point the case of Kitchen v. Buckley, 1 Lev. 109, is a clear authority; and the case of Petrie v. Bury, 3 Barn. & Cress. 353, shows that if the covenantees could sue jointly, they are bound to do so."
The case of Bradburne v. Botfield, in the Exchequer, reported in the 14th of Meeson & W¥elsby, was an action of covenant upon a lease by seven different lessors jointly, according to their several rights and interests in certain coal mines, to the defendant, yielding and paying certain rents to the lessors respectively, and to their respective heirs and assigns, according to their several and respective estates, rights, and interests in the premises; and the defendant covenanted with all ths above parties and vith each and every of them, their and each and every of their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, to repair the premises, and to surrender them in good repair to the lessors, their heirs and assigns respectively at the end of the term. The declaration then deduced to the plaintiff a title to the moiety of one of the lessors, and alleged as breaches the non-repair of the premises and the improler working of the mines. To this declaration it was pleaded, that one of the original lessors, who had survived all the other covenantees, was still living. It was held, upon demurrer, that the covenants for repairs and for working the mines were in their nature joint and not several, and that the surviving covenantee ought to have brought the action. Baron Parke, who delivered the opinion of the court, thus speaks:
"We have looked, since the argument, into the lease now set out on oyer, and into all the authorities cited for the plaintiff, and are still of opiniQn that he cannot recover upon the covenants stated in the declaration. It is impossible to strike out the name of any covenantee, and all the covenantees must therefore necessarily sue upon some covenant; and there appear to us to be no covenants in the lease which are of a joint natuxe, if those declared upon are not, or which would be in gross, if the persons entitled to the legal estate-had alone demised; for all relate to and affect the quality of the. subject of the demise, or to the mode of enjoying of it."

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.
Early v. Rogers et al.
We regard the cases just cited as directly in point, and as conclusive against the claim of the plaintiffs to maintain an action upon the covenant for repairs in the lease to Coleman, apart from and independently of the other covenantees in that lease jointly and inseparably interested in that covenant with the plaintiffs. We therefore approv6 the judgment of the Circuit Cqurt, that the plaintiffs take nothing by their writ and declaration, but that the defendants recover against them their costs about their defence sustained, as by the said court was adjudged; and we order the said judgment of the Circuit Court to be affirmed.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel. On ensiderati6n whereof it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this cause, be and the same is hereby afflimed, with cost-
SAMuL H. EARLY, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR V. JOHN ROGERS,
JUNIOR, AND JOSUPH ROGERS, SURVIVORS, &c. OF ROGERs & BROTHIERs, DEFMNDANTS.
Where a controverted case wa., by ag-ement of the parties, entered settled, and the tc-ni of cttl'uent were that the debtor should pay by a limited day, and the creditor r-rccd'to receive a les sum than that for which he had obtained a judgment; and the debtor failed to pay on the day limited, the original judgment became revived in full force.
The oridinal judgment having omitted to name interest, and this -court having afirmd the jud-rnent as it stood, it was proper for the court below to issue an execution for the aliotint of the judgment and costs, leaving out interest. 'Where the debtor alleged that process of attqchmnt had been laid in his hands as garnilice, attaching the debt which lie owed to the creditor in question;-and moved the court to stay execution until the rights of" the parties could be settled in the State Court whicih had issued the attachment, and the court refused so to do, this rcfaal is not the subject of review 1y this court. The motion was addressed to the dis retion of the court bulow, which will take care that no injustice shall be done to any party.
This court expre. -es no opinion, at present, upon the two points, namely: 1. Whether an attachment from a State Court can obstruct the collection of a debt
by the process of the courts of the United States, or 2. Whether a writ of error was the proper mode of bringing the present question be-
fore this court.
Tins case was brought up by writ of error. from the District Court of the United States for the Western District of Virginia.

416

SUPREME COURT.

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

THE Orno LIFE INSURANCE AND TRUST '3OMPANY, PLAI.qTIFF
IN ERROR, V. HENRY DEBOLT, TREASURER OF HAMILTON
COUNTY, DEFENDANT IN ERROR.
There being no opinion of the court, as such, in this case, the reporter can only state the laws of Ohio which were drawn into question.
In 1834, the Legilature of Ohio passed an act incorporating the Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company, with power, amongst other things, to issue bills or votes until the year 1843. One section of the charter prcvided that no higher taxes should he luvied on the capital stock or dividends of the company than are or may be levied on the capital stock or dividends of incorporated banking institutions in the State.
In 1836, the legislature passed an act to prohibit the circilation of small bills. This act provided, that if any bank should surrender the right to issue small notes, the treasurer should collect a tax from such bank of five Der cent. upo.. its dividends; if not, he should collect twenty per cent. The Life Insurance and Trust Company surrendered the right.
In 1838, this law was repealed. In 1845, an act was passed to incorporate the State Bank of Ohio and other banking
companies. The 60th section provided that each company should pay, annually, six per cent. upon its profits, in lieu of all taxes to which such company or the stockholders thereof, on account of stocks owned therein, would otherwise be subject. In 1851, an act was passed to tax banks and bank and other stocks, the same aq other property was iaxable by the laws of the State. There was nothing in previous legislation to exempt tle Life Insurance and Trust Company from the operation of this act.
Tnis case was brought up from the District Court of the State of Ohio, in and for the county of Hamilton, by a writ of error issued under the 25th section of the Judiciary Act. The court was held by the Honorable John A. Corwin, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio, presiding, and the Honorable Alfred G. W. Carter, and the Honorable Edward Woodruff, and the Honorable John B. Stalle, Judges of the Court of Cormon Pleas, in and for the county of Hamilton; asso-
ciates. The following certificate, which was a part of the record, ex-
plains the nature of the case: And thereupon, on motion of the counsel for the said The
Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company, defendants, it is ordered to be certified and made a part of the record that the said company did set up, by way of defence to the prayer of the bill of complainants, a certain act of the general assembly of this State, entitled An act to incorporate the Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company, passed the twelh day of February, in the year eighteen hundred and thirty-four; and also a certain other act of The general assembly, entitled An act to prohibit the circulation of small bills, passed the fourteenth day of March, in the year eighteen hundred and thirty-six; and thereupon

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

417

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

claimed, that in virtue of the said acts, and of the instrument of writing, "Exhibit B," attached to its answer, the general assembly of this State had entered into a contract with the said company never to impose upon the property of the said company a greater or different burden of taxation than five per cent. upon its dividends of net profits, and that therefore the act of the general assembly, entitled An act to tax banks, and bank and other stocks, the same as other property is now taxable by the laws of this State, passed the twenty-first day of March, in the year eighteen hurdred and fifty-one, impaired the obligation of a contract, and therein was repugnant to the Constitution of the United States; but the court decided that there was no conflict between the said several acts, for the reason that the said act passed the fourteenth day of March, in the year eighteen hundred and thirty-six, expired, and ceased to have any effect or operation as respects The Ohio Life Insurance and Trtust
Company, on the first day of January, in the year eighteen hundred and forty-three, when the power of the said company
to issue bills or notes for circulation expired and ceased by the terms of the said act passed the twelfth day of February, in the year eighteen hunched and thirty-four; and thaf there was, therefore, at the date of the said act passed the twenty-first day of Mlarch, in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-one, no such contract, agreement, pledge, or understanding as the said company claimed; and that the said act passed the twenty-first day
of March, in the year eighteen hunched and fifty-one, was, in that respect, constitutional and valid; and it was ordered to ba further certified on the same motion, that the said company did
likewise set up by way of defence to the prayer of said bill a certain act of the -general assembly of this State, entitled An act to incorporate the State iank of Ohio and other banking
companies, passed the twenty-fourth day of February, in the year ei~ghte~n hunched and forty-five, and thereupon claimed
that in virtue of the said last-mentioned act, and of the said act passed the twelfth day of February, in the year eighteen hundred
and thirty-four, the general assembly of this State had entered into a contract with the said company not to impose upon the property of the said company ai greater or different burden of taxation than six per cent. upon its dividends of net profit, until after the first day of May, in the year eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and that therefore the act of the said general as-
sembly, entitled An act to tax banks, and bank and other stocks, the same as other property is now taxable by the laws of this
State, passed the twenty-first day of March, in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-one, impaired the obligation of a contract, and therein was repugnant to the Constitution of the United States;

418

SUPREME COURT.

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

but the court decided that the said act passed the twenty-fourth day of February, in the year eighteen hundred and forty-five, contained no pledge on the part of the State not to alter the amouiit, or the mode of taxation therein specified, but that the taxing power of the general assembly of this State over the property of companies formed under that act, was and is the same as over the property of individuals, and that there was, consequently, no such contract, agreement, pledge, or understanding as the said company claimed; and that whether the franchises of companies organized under the said last-mentioned act, could not be revoked, changed, or modified, the said act passed tle twenty-first day of Mlarch, in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-one, did not, upon any construction, impair any right secured to such companies, by the said act passed the twentyfourth day of February, in the year eighteen hundred and fortyfive, and that the said act passed the twenty-first day of March, in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-one, was therefore a constitutional and valid law. And it is ordered to be certified, also, that the question of the validity of the said act passed the twenty-first day of March, in the year eighteen hundred and
fifty-one, was moterial and necessary to the decision of this cause, and that the validity of the said act was drawn in question (in the manner and to the intent herein before specified) as being repugnant to the Constitution of the United States, and that the decision of the coul was in favor of the validity, of the said law. And it is further certified that this court is the highest court of law and in equity in the State of Ohio, in which a decision in this suit can be had.
The several acts mentioned in the above certificate, are stated in the opinions delivered by the judges of this cc rt, and it is not necessary to set them forth i7 extenso.
The case was argued by Mr. -orthington and Mr. Slanberry, for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr. Spalding-and 1r.Pugt,for the defendant in error.
The following points, on behalf of the plaintiff in error, are taken from the brief of Mr. Worthington, filed for himself and Mr. Mathews.
Points for Plainiff-I. Our first point involves the taxing power, the objects and subjects of taxation, and the manner and extent of its exercise. 'This power, under the Constitution of Ohio, of 1802, is legislative, and placed under the control of the general assembly, subject only to the :Few limitations put upon it by the instrument of its creation, and by the Constitution of the United States. Constitution of Ohio, of 29th of Nov. 1802,-At. 1, § 1 ; lb. Art. 8, § 23; .McCulloch v. State

DECEMBER TERMI, 1853.

419

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

of Maryland, 4 Cond. Pet. Rep. 475, 486; Nathan v. Louisiana, 8 How. Rep. 82; Mager v. Grima et al. 8 lb. 490; The People v. Mayor, &c. of Brooklyn, 4 Corns. Rep. 419, 423; Loring et al. v. The State of Ohio, 16 Ohio. Rep. 590; Gazlay v. The State of Ohio, 5 b. 14; State of Ohio v. Hibbard, 3 Ib. 63; License Cases, 5 How.-Rep. 516, 593; Loughborough v. Blake, 4 Cond. Pet. Rep. 660; Prov. Bank,- v. Billings, 4 Pet. Rep. 563; 1 Ohio State Rep. 102.
IL The only limitation placed upon the exercise of the taxing power is by the 23d section of the 8th article of the constitation of Ohio, which' declares, " That the levying taxes by the poll is grievous and oppressive; wherefore the legislature shall never levy a poll-tax for county or state purposes." This being the only limit, the power can be exercised to any and every extent, for any and every purpose, and upon any and every object or thing, at discretion, subject oly to the limitation given. Constitution of Ohio of 29th of November, 1802, Art. 8, § 23; Mc Culloch v. State of Maryland, 4 Cond. Pet. Rep. 475, 488; Osborne v. Bank United States, 5 lb. 771; Nathan v. L.ouisiana, 8 How. Rep. 82; Mayer v. Grima et al. 8 lb. 490; The' License Cases, 5 lb. 593; 'Gazlay v. State of Ohio, 5 .Ohio
Rep. 21; Lorng et al. v. The State of Ohio, 16 Ib. 590; People v. Mayor, &c. of Brooklyn, 4 Corns. Rep. 426 ; 1 Ohio State Rep.
77, 102. II. The taxing power comes to the legislature from the
people, and is measured by the authority the people possess and can confer upon their government, and have actually conferred. Their authority being unlimited, as to themselves and their resources, and their exigencies without bounds, they can exercise this power at will and at discretion, without limit or measure, aw to themselves and their property. And if they confer the authority they have upon their general assembly or legislative department of their government with or without limit, it can be exercised -within the grant, just as the people themselves could have exercised it. McCulloch v. State of Maryland, 4 Cond. Pet. Rep. 484; Loughborough v. Blake, 4 lb. 660; Osborne v. Bank United States, 5 Ib. 771; Weston et al. z. City of Charleston, 2 Ib. 465 ; 'Providence Bank v. Billings et al. 4 lb. 559; Charles River Bridge v. Warren Bridge, 11 Pet. Rep. 546, 567; Vaughn v. Northup et al. 15 lb. 4; Dobbin, v. Com. of Erie County, 16 Ib. 447; License Cases, 5 How. Rep. 575, 588, 592, 627; \West River Bridge v. Dix- et al. 6 Ib. 523, 539 ;. Passenger Cases, 8 lb. 407, 421,447, 530, 531; Nathan v. Louisiana, 8 1b. 80, 8:2; Mayer -v. Grima et al. 8 Ib. 490; The People v. Mayor, &c. Brooklyn, 4 Corns. Rep. 419; 1 Ohio State Rep. 10.

SUPREME COURT.
Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.
IV. The legislative power of a State, as given by its constitution, can be exercised only upon what belongs to the
State in actual or constructive right, and can never extend to what belongs to another government. The same person or thing cannot at the same time be under the power of both.
Vaughn V. Northup et al. 15 Pet. Rep. 1; McCulloch v.
Rodrick, 2 Ohio Rep. 234; Rogers et al. v. Allen, 3 lb. 488; Mager v. Grima et al. 8 How. Rep. 490; Holmes v. Remsen, 20 Johns. Rep. 254; Gordon v. Appeal Tax, 3 How. Rep. 150.
V. The charter of The Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company, and the charter of the State' Bank of Ohio, and other banking companies, are contracts obliga,:ory upon the State of Ohio, in all their parts, and as such, protected by the Constitution of the United States, from violation or invasion, upon the part of the State of Ohio. Constitution of the United States, Art. 1, § NO; Fletcher v. Peck, 2 Con. Pet. Rep. 321; New Jersey v. Wilson, 2 lb. 457; Terett et al. v. Taylor et al. 3 lb. 256; Town of Pawlet v. Clark et al. 3 lb. 40S; Sturgis v. Crowninshield, 4 lb. 415; Dartmouth College !,. Woodward, 4 lb. 538; McCulloch v. State of Maryland, 4 lb. 470; Providence Bank v. Billings, 4 Pet. Rep. 569; Charles River Bridge v. X¥arren Bridge, 11 lb. 540,611; Gordon v. Appeal Tax, 3 How. Rep. T833; Planters Bank v. Sharp et al. 6 lb. 318; West River Bridge v. Dix, 6 lb. 531, 536,,539, 542; Paup et al; v. Drew, 10 lb. 218; Woodruff v. Trapnal, 10 lb. 204, 208, 214; Baltimore and Susquehanna Railroad Company v. Nesbit, 10 lb. 395; East Hartford v. Hartford Bridge, 10 lb. 535.
VI. The 25th section of the charter of The Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company, and the 60th section of the charter of 'the State Bank of Ohio, and other Banking companies, are contracts, limiting the exercise of taxation upon the part of the State, and, as such, are protected by the Constitution of the United States from invasion. Constitution of the United States, Art. 1, § 10; Fletcher v. Peck, 2 Con. Pet. Rep. 231; New Jersey v. Wilson, 2 Ib. 457; Providence Bank v. Billings et. al. 4 lb. 659; Charles R. Bridge v. Warren Bridge, 11 lb. 540;. Gordon v. Appeal Tax, 3 How. Rep. 133, 146; West Bridge v. Dix et al. 6 lb. 531, 544; Woodruff v. Trapnell, 10 lb. 207, 208; Mills v. St. Clair Co. 8 lb. 580.
VII. The 25th section of the charter of' The Ohio Life In-
surance and Trust Company, being a contract prohibiting higher taxes upon the property or dividends of the Company, other than were, or might be levied on the property or dividends of incorporated banking institutions of the State, no higher tax could be levied upon th6 property, or dividends

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

421

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

of the company than could be levied upon the property or dividends of incorporated banks of the State. A question

arises as to the banking institutions here referred to. The

reference must be to incorporated banks, existing at the time

the charter was enacted, or that may exist at the tifne of the

levy. In either case, no higher tax could be levied against the company than could be levied against such incorporated

banks. If such banks be subject to different rates of taxation,

then the prevailing rates of the greater proportion of such

institutions, would control the rates of taxation against the company. If the former rule prevail, then the rate of tax-

ation against the old banks in Ohio furnishes the rule against

the company; but if the latter rule prevail, then the rate

of taxation against the State Bank of Ohio, and other bank-

ing companies, under the 60th section of their charter of the 24th of February, 1845, furnishes the rule of taxation

against the company. The act to authorize free banking, of

Z21t March, 1851, (49 Gen. Laws of Ohio, 41,) has no applica-

tioi. to the present tax, because, aside from other consideiations,

no banks were organized under it when the tax against the

eomupany" was authorized to be assessed, under the act of 21st

March, 1851, to tax banks, &c. 49 Gen. Laws of Ohio, 56;

44 Ib. 108, 121, sec. 60 ; 48 lb. 88.

VIII. All the banking institutions in operation in Ohio, at

the time The Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company was

chartered, except the Commercial Bank of Cincinnati, which

paid four per cent. on her dividends, - and the Franklin Bank

of Cincinnati, which paid five per cent. upon her dividends

-were, by their charters, not exempt from general taxation

under a general law. And all the banks incorporated at the

same tession of the general assembly in which The Ohio

Life Insurance and Trust Company was incorporated, were by

their charters made subject to the tax imposed by the act of

12th March, 1831, to tax banks, &c., (Swan's Statutes, 916,)

and such taxes as might be imposed by law. The Ohio Life

Insurance and Trust Company prior to July, 1836, that is, in

1,35, was taxed under the act of 12th March, 1831, if taxed at

all, five per cent. upon her dividends. 3 Chase Stat. 2010 to

20 ,3,e. 100-103, inclusive; 2 lb. 913-924, c. 351, § 42, 1463, c. 655; 32 Local Laws of Ohio 76, § 21, Bank of Wooster; 32

Ib. 197, §21, Bank of Massillon; 32 1b. 283, § 6, Bank of Xenia; 32 lb. 293, § 17, Bank of New Lisbon; 32 lb. 299, § 6, Lafay-

ette Bank of Cincinnati; 32 lb. 407, § 22 Bank of Cleveland; :2 lb. 412, § 6, Bank of Sandusky, 32 lb. 419, § 6, Clinton

Bank of Columbus.

IX. The Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Compaiy must de-

VOL. XVI.

36

422

SUPREME COURT.

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

clare dividends on the first Mondays in January and July, annu-
ally, from the profits of said company, so .s not to impair, or in anywise lessen the capital stockl These dividends are upon the entire profits of the company, and are not divisible, or declared separately fiom any special business of the company. Charter of The Ohio Life Insurance & Trust Co. § 27.
X. The Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company, and all
the banks in Ohio, except the Commercial Bank of Cincinnati, and the Franklin Bank of Cincinnati, being bound to report to
the Auditor of State, under the act of 12th March, 1831, to tax banks, &c., were embraced in the act of 14th March, 1836, " To
prohibit the circulation of small bills," as that act, in express terms, included all banks that made returns to the auditor of State under said act of 12th March, 18%1, to tax banks, &c. 34 Gen. Laws of Ohio, 42, § 1, of the act to prohibit the circulation of small bills.
XI. All banks, including The Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company, coming under the act of 14th March, 1836, "to prohibit the circulation of small bills,' were, by the terms of the act and their charters, subject to a tax of twenty per cent. upon their dividends, unless they surTendered by the 4th July, 1836, as therein directed, their rights to issue or circulate
notes or bills, less than $3, after 4th July, 1836, and $5, after 4th July, 1837; and "then and in that case, the Auditor of State shall thereafter draw on such banks only for the amount of five per cent. upon their dividends, declared after such sur-
render." The act of 14th March, 1836, repealed so much of the act of 12th March, 1831, to tax banks, &c. as was inconsistent with it. 32 General Laws of Ohio, 42; Mills v. St. Clair
County, 8 How. Rep. 581. XII. The Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company having
accepted the provisions of the act of 14th March, 1836, "to prohibit the circulation of small bills," and made the surrender
in due form required by said act, is entitled to the benefit or consideration tendered by said act to obtain said surrender, and can be taxed only five per cent. upon her dividends declared after such surrender. This surrender upon her part, under said act, constitutes a valid contract between her and the State, and its invasion is prohibited by the Constitution of the United States. Gordon v. Appeal Tax, 3 How. Rep. 133; Woodruff v. Trapnall, 10 lb. 204; Rich. R. R. Co. v. Lou. R. R. Co. 13 lb. 81,86,90; Searight v. Stokes, 3 lb. 167; Nel, Moore & Co. v. Ohio, 3 b. 742; Achison v. Huddleson, 12 b. 296; Huide-
keper v. Douglas, 1 Con. Pet. Rep. 452; U. States v. Fisher, 1 lb. 423; Sturgis v. Crowninshield, 4%lb. 418, 481.
XIIL The Supreme Court of the United States, as a general

DECEM1BER TERMI, 1853.

423

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debotr.

rule, in the construction of the statutes and constitutions of the States, follows the construction of their courts, but when the construction of a statute in conflict with the Constitution of the United States is involved, then the rule is reversed, and the State courts must follow the construction given to the statute by the Supreme Court of the United States. Luther v. Bowen, 7 Howard's Rep. 1, 40, 219, 818; East Hartford v. Hartford Bridge Co. 10 lb. 539; Strader et al. v. Graham, 10 Ib. 94; Elmendorf v. Taylor, 6 Con. Pet. Rep. 50; Swift v. Lyson, 16 Pet. Rep. 1; 2 Ib. 378.
XIV. The repeal of fhe act of 14th March, 1836, "to prohibit the circulation of small bills," by the act of 13th March, 183S, (36 General Laws of Ohio, 65,) does not annul or abrogate the contract of surrender of 22d June, 1836, made by The Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company, by which she lost the right to issue and circulate small notes, and the State lost the right thereafter to tax her beyond five per cent. on 'her dividends. Woodruff v. Trapnell, 10 How. Rep. 204, 206, 207; East Hartford v. Hartford Bridge Co. 10 Ib. 635; Briscoe v. Bank of Coin. of Ky. 11 Pet. Rep. 257; Charles R. Bridge v'. War. Bridge, 11 lb. 420; Balt. & Susq. R. R. v. Nesbitt, 10 How. Rep. 395; Satterlee r. Matthewson, 2 Pet. Rep. 412; Bronson v. Kinzie et al. 1 How. Rep. 311; Watson et al. v. Mercer, 8 Pet. Rep. 110; Flotcher v. Peck, 2 Con. Pet. Rep. 321 ; Neil, Moore & Co. v. Ohio, 3 Howard's Rep. 742; Ac'heson v. Huddleson, 12 lb. 296; 10 lb. 395, 402.
For the defendant in error, the points will be given as stated by M/fr. sSpaldi2n-., and also the third and fourth points of iJfr.

i1r.. Spaldib-'s points for defendant in error. First.The taxing power is of such vital importance, and is so essentially necessary to the very existence of a State government, that its relinquishment or diminution for a fixed period, cannot be made the subject-matter of a binding contract betveen the legislature of a State, and individuals or private cor-
porations. It is one of the highest attributes of sovereignty, and under our form of government, belongs to the people. They have lodged it in the hands of the law-making power, to be exerted for their benefit, not to be impaired or destroyed. It ndst of necessity always be exerted according to present exigencies, and therefore must necessarily continue to be held by each sueceeding legislature undiminished and unimpaired.
Second. The act of the general assembly of the State of
Ohio, entitled " An act to incorporate the State Bank of Ohio and other banking companies," passed February 24, 1845, is not

SUPREIE COURT.
Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.
a conhaf-t in the sense in which that term is used in the Constitution, of the United States, Art. 1, § 10. It is a general law upon the subject of banking; it prescribes rules for the government of all the citizens of the State who may choose, within certain limits, to embark in the business cf banking, and is as mandatory in its character as any law upon the statute book. These mandates are some of them enforced under the severest penalties known to the law.
Third. This act was made subject to alteration, suspension, and repeal, for, at the time of its enactment, February 24, 1845, there was a general law in full force in Ohio, which was passed March .7, 1842, entitled "An act instituting proceedings against corpbrations not possessing banking powers and the visatorial powers of courts, and to provide for the regulation of corporations generally," that provided in section nine as follows: "That the charter of every corporation of every description, 'whether possessing banking powers or not,' that shall hereafter be granted by the legislature, shall be subject to alteration, suspension, and repeal, in the discretion of the legislature." Ohio Laws, vol. 40, page 70.
Fourth. The 60th section of the act of 'February 24th, 1845, provides only a measure of taxation for the time being, and does not relinquish the right to increase the rate as the future exigencies of the State may require.
Fifth. The record shows (pages 24, 25) that the Supreme Court of the State decided nothing more than that the proviso to the act of March 14, 1836, ceased to affect the plaintiff when the power to issue bills for circulation ceased in January, 1S43; and that the act of February 24, 1845, contained no pledge on the part of the State not to alter the amount and mode of taxation therein specified. And in so doing, said court has done no more than to give a construction to the statutes of Ohio. *With such a construction, this court has always manifested a reluc+ance to interfere. But more especially will it feel that reluctance when such interference may bring the acts of the State legislature in conflict with the Constittition of the United States.
111r. Pigh'sthird and fourth points. IIL The Supreme Court of Ohio rightly construes the statutes. 1. The proviso to the first section of the act "to prohibit the circulation of small bills," passed March 14th, 1836, does not contain any stipulation or promise. It rderely exempted such banks as complied with its terms, before a certain day, from the operation of the principal clause. Minis v. The United States, 15 Pet. Rep. 445; The Commissioners of Kensington v. Keith,

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

425

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

2 Penn. State Rep. 220; The Treasurer of Vermont v. Clark, 19 Vermont Rep. 129.
2. The proviso does not operate as a contract, or stipulation, merely because the consent of the banks is invoked. The Cincinnati, W"ilmington, and Zanesville Railroad Company v. The Commissioners of Clinton County, 21 Ohio Rep. 77; The Cargo of the Brig Aurora v. The United States, 7 Cranch, 3S2.
3. The benefit of the proviso (if construed as a contract) only applied to the plaintiff in error, whilst it was authorized, by its charter, to issue bills or notes 'for circulation. Iildebrand v.
Fogle, 20 Ohio Rep. 147; Bradley v. The Washington, Alexandria, and Georgeto- n Steam Packet Company, 13 Pet. Rep. 97;
Synder v. Leibengood, 4 Penn. State Rep. 308; Washburn v. Gould, 3 Story, 162; Case v. Cushman, 3 Watts & S.544; The Commercial Bank v. Pleasants, 6 W'harton, 375; Loring v. The City of Boston, 7 -Metcalf, 409; Robinson v. Fiske, 25 Maine
Rep. 405; Brown v. Slater, 16 Conn. Rep. 192; Porter v.Breck" enridge, Hardin, 26; Sayre v. Peck, 1 Barbour's S. C. Rep, 468,
469. And see 5 Cruise's Digest, 44, 45; Bozoun's Case, 4 Rep. :35; Case of the Abbot of Strata Mercella, 9 Rep. 30; Ford and
Sheldon's Case, 12 Rep. 2; The Earle of Shrewsbury's Case, 9 Rep. 46.
4. The sixtieth section of the act "to incorporate the State Bank of Oho and other banking companies," passed February 24th 1845, provides only a present measure and system of taxation, and does not relinquish, expressly or impliedly, the power of the State to alter the measure, as well as the system, at any future period. The Commonwealth v. The Easton Bank, 10 Penn. State Rep. 442; Bank of Pennsylvania v. The Common-
wealth, 19 Penn. State Rep. 144; Brewster v. Hough, 10 Now Hampshire Rep, 133; The Richmond Railroad Company v. The Louisa Railroad Company, 13 How. Rep. 71; Short r v. Smith, 9 Georgia Rep. .517; Armstrong v. The Treasurer of Athens County, 16 Pet. Rep. 281; The Providenc6 Bank v.' Billings, 4 lb. 514.
The following cases are distinguishable: Gordon v. The Appeal Tax Court, 3 Howard, 133; The Union Bank r. The State,
9 Yerger, 490; Johnson v. The Commonwealth, 7 Dana, 038; The State v. Berry, 2 Harrison, 80; Munici ality Number One
v.The Louisiana State Bank, 5 Louis. Annual Rep. 394; The Mayor of Baltimore v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany, 6 Gill, 2S3. Statutes of Ohio, hi paii materia, to be examined: Act "To
tax bank, insurance and] bridge companies," passed March 12th,
1831, section 1rt, Swan's Statutes, 916, 917. Act "1For Ievy. ing taxes on a:1 property in this State according to its true
36

SUPREME COURT.
Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Comr any v. Debolt.
value," 1passed March 2d, 1846, sect. 10th, 44 General Laws, 90, 91. Act "To exempt revolutionary soldiers from taxation," passed February 8th, 1847, 45 General Lavs, 51. Act "To exempt from taxation a branch of the New YLrork Iethodist Episcopal Church Book Concern in Cincinnati and for other purposes," passed February 17th, 1834, 32 Local Laws, 91. Act "To incorporate The Milan and Riehland Plank Road Company," passed January 31st, 1845, section 9th, 43 Local Laws, 51. See, also, The Constitution of Ohio, adopted June 17th, 1851, article first and section second; article twelfth and sections second and third; article thirteenth and section fourth. Constitution of Ohio, adopted November 29th, 1802, article eigh+h and sections first, eighteenth, nineteenth, thventy-fourth, twenty-seventh, and twenty-eighth. As to the effect of these provisions in construing both the act of Iarch 14th, 1836, and the act of February 24th, 1S45, see Rex L%Loxdale, 1 Burrow, 447.
5. It does not follow, because the provision was made part of an act to incorporate the State Bank of Ohio and other ,banking companies, that the design was to create a permanent measure or system of taxation. The Pr3ble County Bank. v. Russell, 21 Ohio Reports, 313; The Bank ef Columbia v.Okely, 4 Wheaton, 235; Young v.,, The Bank of Alexandria, 4 Cranch, 397; Crawford v. The Bank of Mobile, 7 Howard, 279; The Baltimore and Susquehanna Railroad Co.rnpany v. Nesbit, 10 How. 396.
6. All grants in derogation of common right (including all exemptions from the payment of taxes) must be strictly construed. The Proprietors of the Charles River Bridge v. The Proprietors of the Warren Bridge, 11 Peters, 545, 546; the Providence Bank v. Billings, 4 Peters, 561; The United States v. _Arredondo, 6 Peters, 738; Mills v. St. Clair County, 8 How. 581; PArrine v. The Chesapeake and Delaware Canal Com-
any, 9 How. 185; The Cincinnati College v. The State, 19 hio Reports, 110; The Richmond Railroad v. The Louisa Railroad, 13 How. 81. IV. The-right of taxaton is a preiminent and indispensable right, and cannot be so aliened by a mere statute or by any grant (other than a treaty or compact between sovereigns) as to
prevent its resumption, by the legislature, whenever the public necessities require. And the legislature is the judge of public necessity in such cases. The West River Bridge Company v. Dix, 6 How. 507; Mills v. St. Clair County, 8 How. 584, 585; Butler v. The State of Pennsylvania, 10 How,. 402; The People t. The Mayor of Brooklyn, 4 Comstock, 423; The Providence Bank v. Billings, 4 Peters, 563; Brewster v. Hough, 10 N. Hiamp. R. 138; Mack v. Jones, 1 Foster, 393; Russell v. The

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.
Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.
Mayor of New York, 2 Denio, 474; Maleverer v. Spinke, 1 Dyer, :36, b; Coates v. The Mayor of New York, 7 Cowen, 586; The Brick Presbyterian Church v. The City of New York, 5 Cow. 538; Vanderbilt v. Adams, 7 Cow. 351, 352. Cases to be examined: The State of New Jersey v. Wilson, 7 Cranch, 164; Armstrong v. The Treasurer of Athens, 16 Peters, 290; Fletcher v,.Peck, 6 Cranch, 87; The York and North Midland Railway Co. v. The Queen, 1 Ell. & B.-858.
Mir. Chief Justice TANEY. In this case the judgment of the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio is affirmed. But the majority of the court who give this judgment, do not altogether agree in the principles upon which it ought to be maintained. I proceed, therefore, to state my own opinion, in which I am authorized to say my brother Grier entirely concurs.
In 1851, the Legislature of Ohio passed an act "to tax banks and bank and other stocks, the same as other property." The act makes it the duty of the president and cashier of every banking institution having the right to issue bills or notes for circulation annually to list and return to the assessor in the township or ward where the bank is located, the amount of capital and stock at its true value in money, together with the amount of surplus and contingent fund belonging to such institution, upon which the same amount of tax is to be levied and paid as upon the property of individuals. And by the third section of this act the Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company (the plaintiff in error) was brought within its provisins, and subjected to the payment of a like tax in all the several counties where its capital stock was loaned, according to the amount loaned and the average rate of taxation in each.
The payraent of 'this tax was resisted by the plaintiff in error, upon the ground that the law imposing it impaired the obligation of certain contracts previously made between the State and the corporation.
On the other hand, it was insisted on behalf of the State that the right of taxation cannot be so aliened by mere statute as to prevent its resumption by the legislature whenever the public necessities require; and that the legislature was the judge of the public necessity in such cases.
And further, if it should be held that the Legislature of Ohio had the power to aliene its right of taxation, yet it had not exercised it in this instance; and when the tax in question was levied, there was no previous contract between the State and the corporation by which the State had relinquished the right to impose it.
The company having refused to pay the tax -pport the ground

428

SUPREME COURT.

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

above stated, the defendant in error, who is the treasurer of Hamilton county, in which the corporation is located, instituted proceedings to enforce its collection. And upon final hearing of the parties, the Supreme Court of Ohio decided in favor of the State, and directed the tax to be paid, together with the penalty which the law inflicted for its detention. It is, to revise this decree of the State court that the present writ of error is brought.
This brief statement will show that the questions which arise on this record are very grave ones. They are the more important, because, from the multitude of corporations chartered in the different States, and the privileges and exemptions granted to them, questions of a like character are continually arising, and ultimately brought here for final decision. These contro versies between a State and its own corporations necessarily embarrass the legislation of the State, ani are injurious to the individuals who have an interest in the company. And as the principles upon which .this case is decided, will, for the most part, equally apply to all of them, it is proper that they should be clearly and distinctly stated. I proceed to express my own opinion on the subject.
It will be admitted on all hands, that with the exception of the powers surrendered by the Constitutior. of the United States, the peopl of the several States are absolutely and unconditionally sovereign within their respective territories. It follows that they may impose what taxes they think p:roper upon persons or things within their dominion, and may apportion them according to their discretion and judgment. They may, if they deem it advisable to do so, exempt certain descriptions of property from taxation, and lay the burden of supporting the government elsewhere. And they may do this in the ordinary forms of legislation or by contract, as may seem best to the people of the State. There is nothing in the Constitution of the United States to forbid it, nor any authority given to this comt to question the right of a State to bind itself by such contracts, whenever it may think proper to make them.
There are, undoubtedly, fixed and immutable principles of
justice, sound policy, and public duty, which no State can disregard without serious injury to the community, and to the individual citizens who compose it. And corttracts are sometimes incautiously made by States as well as individuals; and franchises, immunities, and exemptions from public burdens inprovidently granted. But whether such contracts should be made or not, is eiclusively for the consideration of the State. It is the exercise of an undoubted power of sovereignty which has not been surrendered by the adoption of the Constitution of the

DECE.MBER TERM, 1853.

429

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

United States, and over which this court has no control. For it can never be maintained in any tribunal in this country, that the people of a State, in the exercise of the powers of sovereignty, can be restrained within narrower limits than those fixed by the Constitution of the United States, upon the ground that they may make contracts ruinous or injurious to themselves. The principle that they are the best judges of what is for their own interest, is the foundation of our political institutions.
It is equally clear, upon the same principle, that the people of a State may, by the form of government they adopt, confer on their public servants and representatives all the powers and rights of sovereignty which they themselves possess; or may restrict them within such limits as may be deemed best and safest f6r the public interest. They may confer on them the power to charter banks or other companies, and to exempt the property vested in them from taxation by the State for a limited time during the continuance of their charters, or accept-a specified amount less than its fair share of the public burdens. This power may be indiscreetly and injudiciously exercised. Banks and other companies may be exempted, by contract, from their equal share of the taxes, under the belief that the corporation
will prove to be a public benefit. Experience may prove that it is a public injury. Yet, if the contract was within the scope of the authority conferred by the constitution of the State, it is like any other contract made by competent authority, bindinF
upon the parties. Nor can the people or their representatives, by any act of theirs afterwards, impair its obligation. When the contract is made, the Constitution of the United States acts upon it, and declares that it shall not be impaired, and makes it the duty of this court to carry it into execution. That duty
must be performed.
This doctrine was recognized in the case of Billings v. The Providence Bank, and again in the case of the Charles- River Bridge Company. -In both of these cases the court, in the clearest terms, recognized- the power of a State legislature to bind the State by contract; and the cases were decided against the corporations, because, according to the rule of construction in such cases, the privilege or exemption claimed had not been granted. But the power to make the contract was not questioned. And I am not aware of any decision ii this court calling into question any of the principles maintained in either of these two leading cases. On the contrary, they have since, in the case of Gordon v. Appeal Tax Court, 3 Howard, 133,
been directly reaffirmed. The question in that case was precisely the same with the
present one; that is to say - whether the State had relinquished

SUPREME C0U:3T.
Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Cornpany v. Debolt.
its right of taxation to a certain extent, in its charter to a bank? The court held that it had, and reversed the judgment of the State court, which had decided to the contrary. And this opinion appears to have been unanimous -for no dissent is entered.
Again, in the case of the Richmond Railroad Company v. The Louisa Railroad Company, 13 Howard, 71 -the question was, whether the State had not, by its charter to the former, contracted not to authorize a road like the latter, which would tend to diminish the number of passengers travelling upon the former between Richmond and Washington. The case therefore in principle was the same with that of 'the Charles River Bridge v. The Warren Bridge; and it was decided on the same ground: that is-that the contract, according to the rule of construction laid down in the Charles River Bridge case, did not extend to such a road as was author-zed by the charter to the Louisa Railroad Company. But the opinion of the majority of the court is founded expressly upon the assumption that the legislature might bind the State by such a contract; and the three judges who dissented were of opinion not only that the legilature might bind it, but that it had bound it; and that the charter to the Louisa Railroad Company violated the contract and impaired its obligation. They adopted a rule of construction more favorable to the corporation than the one sanctioned in the Charles River Bridge v. The Warren Bridge.
It seemed proper on this occasionto reiark more particularly upon this case, and the case of Gordon v. The Appeal Tax Court, because the last mentioned case was a restriction upon the ta.king power of the State; and the other a restriction upon its power to authorize useful internal improvements - the two together illustrating and confirming the Frinciples upon which the Providence Bank v. Billings, and the Charles River Bridge case, were decided.
There are other cases upon the same subject, but it is not necessary to extend this opinion by rferring to them. It is sufficient to say, that they will all be found to maintain the same principles with the cases above mentioned, and that there is no one case in which this court has sanctioned a contrary doctrine.
I have dwelt upon this point more at length, because, while I concur in affirming the judgment of the Sapreme Court of the State of Ohio, I desire that the grounds upon which I give that opinion should not be misunderstood; for I dissent most decidedly, as will appear by this opinion, from many of the doctrines contained in the opinions of some of my brethren, who concur with me in affirming this judgment. I speak of the opinions they have expressed in the case of the Piitua Bank, as well as in this.

DECEMBER TERMI, 1853.

431

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

The powers of sovereignty confided to the legislative body of a State are undoubtedly a trust committed to them, to be executed to the best of their judgment for the public good; and no one legislature can, by its own act, disarm their successors of any of the powers or rights of sovereignty confided by the peo-
ple to the legislative body, unless they are authorized to do so by the constitution under which they are elected. They cannot, therefore, by contract, deprive a future legislature of the power of imposing any tax it may deem necessary for the public service- or of exercising any other act of sovereignty confided to the legislative body, unless the power to make such a contract
is conferred upon them by the constitution of the State. And in every controversy on this subject, the question must depend on the constitution of the State, and the extent of the power thereby conferred on the legislative body.
This brings me to the question more immediately before the court: Did the constitution of Ohio authorize its legislature, by contract, to exempt this company from its equal share of the piblie burdens during the continuance of its charter? The Su-
preme Court of Ohio, in the case before us, has decided that it
did not. But this charter was granted while the constitution of 1802 was in force; and it is evident that this decision is in
conflict with the uniform construction of that constitution during the whole period of its existence. It appears,, from the acts of the legislature, that the power was repeatedly exercised while
that constitution was in force, and acquiesced in by the people of the State. I was directly and distinctly sanctioned' by the Supreme Court of the State in the case of the State v. The Commercial Bank of Cincinnati, 7 Ohio Rep. 125.
And when the constitution of a State, for nearly half a century, has received one uniform and unquestioned construction by all the departments of the government, legislative, executive; and judicial, I think it must be regarded as the true one. It is true that this court always follows the decision of the State
courts in the construction of their own constitution and laws. But where those decisions are in conflict, this court must determine between them. And certainly a construction acted on as undisputed for nearly fifty years by every department of the government, and supported by judicial decision, ought to be
regarded as sufficient to give to the instrument a fixed and definite meaning. Contracts with the State authorities were made under it. And upon a question as to the validity of such a
contract, the court, upon the soundest principles of justice, is bound to adopt the construction it received from the State authorities at the time the contract was made.
It was upon this ground, that the court sustained contracts

SUPREME COURT.
Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.
made in good faith in the State of Mississippi, under an existing construction of its constitution, although a subsequent and contrary construction given by the courts of the State, would have made such contracts illegal and void. The point arose in the case of Rowan and others v. Runnels, 5 How. 134. And the court then said, that*it would always feel itself bound to respect the decisions of the State courts, and, from time to time as they were made, would regard them as conclusive in all cases upon the construction of their own constitution and laws; but that it ought not to give them a retroactive effect, and allow them to render invalid contracts entered into with citizens of other States, which in the judgment of this court were lawful at the time they were made. It is true, the language of the court is confined to contracts with citizens of other States, because it was a case of that description which was then before it. But the principle 'applies with equal force to all contracts which come within its jurisdiction.
Indeed, the duty imposed upon this court to enforce contracts honestly and legally made, would be vain and nugatory, if we were bound to follow those changes in judicial decisions which the lapse of time, and the change in judicial officers, will often produce. The writ of error to a State court would be no protection to a contract, if we were bound to follow the judgment which the State court had given, and which the writ of error brings up for revision -here. And the sound and true rule is, that if the contract when made was valid by the laws of the State, as then expounded by all the departments of its government, and administered in its courts of justice, its validity and obligation cannot be impaired by any subsequent act of the legislature of the State, or decision of its courts, altering the construction of the law.
It remains to inquire whether the act of 1851 impaired the obligation of any existing contract or cor.tracts with the plaintiff in error.
Before, however, I speak more particulaly of the acts of the Legislature of Ohio, which the company rely on as contracts, it is proper to state the principles upon which acts of that description are always expounded by this court.
It has been contended, on behalf 6f the defendant in error, (the treasurer of the State,) that the construction given to these acts of assembly by the State courts ought to be regarded as conclusive. It is said that they are laws of the State, and that this court always follows the construction given by the State courts to their own constitution and laws.
But this rule of interpretation is confined to ordinary acts of legislation, and does not extend to the contracts of the State,

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

433

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

although they should be made in the form of a law. For it

would be impossible for -his court to exercise any appellate

power in a case of this kind, unless it was at liberty to interpret

for itself the instrument relied on as the contract between the

parties. It must necessarily decide whether the words used are

words of contract, and what is their true meaning, before it can

determine whether the obligation the instrument created has or

has not been impaired by the law complained of. And in form-

ing its judgment upon this subject, it can make no difference

whether the instrument claimed to be a contract is in the form

of a law passed by the legislature, or of a covenant or agree-

ment by one of its agents acting under the authority of the

State.

It is very true that, if there was any controversy about the

construction and meaning of the act of 1851, this court would

adopt the construction given by the State court. And if that

construction did not impair the obligation of the contract as in-

terpreted by this court, there would be no ground for interfering

with the judgment. For then the contract, as expounded here,

would not be impaired by the State law. But if we were bound

to follow not only the interpretation given to the law, but also

to the instrument claimed to be a contract, and alleged to be

violated, there would be nothing left for the judgment and de-

cision of this court. There would be nothing open which a

writ of error or appeal could bring here for consideration and

judgment; and the duty imposed upon this court under this

clause of the Constitution would, in effect, be abandoned.-

I proceed, therefore, to examine whether there is any contract

in the acts of the legislature relied on by the plaintiff in error

which deprives the State of the power of levying upon the stoc

and property of the company its equal share of the taxes deemed

necessary for the support of the government.

The company was chartered by the Legislature of Ohio on

the 12th of February, 1834.

The purposes for which it was incorporated, and the character

of the business it was authorized to transact, are defined in the

2d section. It confers upon the company the power-i. To

make insurance on lives. 2. To grant and purchase annuities.

3. To make any other contracts involving the interest or use of

money and the duration of life. 4. To receive money in trust,

and to accumulate the tame at such rate of interest as may be

obtained or agreed G, or to allow such interest thereon as may,

be agreed on. 5. To accept and execute all such trusts of every

description as may be committed to them by any person or per-

sons whatsoever, or may be transferred to them by order of any

court of record whatever. 6. To receive and'hold 1knds under

VOL. XVI.

37

434

SUPREME COURT.

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Corr pany v. Debolt.

grants with general or special covenants, so far as may be necessary for the transaction of their business, or where the same may be taken in payment of their debts, or purchased upon
sales made under any law of the State, so far as the same may be necessary to protect the rights of said company, and the same again to sell, convey, and dispose of. 7. To buy and sell
drafts and bills of exchange. In addition to these powers, it was *authorized by the 20 d
section of the charter to -issue bills or notes until the year 1843 -subject to certain restrictions and limitations therein speci-
fied. And the 25th section provides that no higher taxes shall 'be
levied on the capital stock or dividends of the company, than are or may be levied on the capital stock or dividends of incorporated banking institutions in the State.
The last section of the charter reserved the right to the State to repeal, amend, or alter it after the year 1870.
These are the only provisions material to the question be-
fore us,
At the time this charter was granted the act of March 31, 1831, wd in force, which imposed a tax of five per cent. on the dividends declared by any banks, insurance, or bridge companies.
Subsequently, on the 14th of March, 18'6, after this company was incorporated, another law was passed to prohibit the circulation of small bills; and by this law a tax of tventy per cent. was imposed upon dividends, with a proviso, "That should any bank, prior to the 4th of July next following, with the consent of its stockholders, by an instrument of wvriting under its corporate seal, addressed to the auditor of the State, surrender the right conferred by its charter to issue or circulate notes or bills of a less denomination than three dollars, after the 4th of July, 1836; and any notes or bills of a less denomination than five dollars after thb 4th of July, 1837; then tha auditor of the State should be authorized to draw on such banks only for the amount of five per cent. upon its dividend§ declarEd after the surrender.
As the plaintiff in error had the usual banking power of issuing notes and bills for circulation until 1843, it justly considered itself within the provisions of this law, and filed the surrender required; and ever since, until 1851, has paid the tax of five per cent., and no more, upon the dividends it declared. The act of 1836 was repealed in 1838, and permission again given to the banks to issue small' notes and bills; but it does not appear that the Life Insurance and Trust Company ever availed itself of the privilege. Afterwards, in 1845, another law was passed incorporating the State Bank of Ohio, and such banking corn-

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

435

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

panics as might afterwards organize themselves under and according to the provisions of that act. And the 60th section of this law provided that each banking company organized under
that act should pay, semiannually, six per cent. on its profits, which should be in lieu of all taxes to which such companies, or the stockholders thereof, on account of stocks owned therein,
ould otherwise be subject. Upon these acts of assembly the plaintiff in error defends itself against the tax imposed by the act of 1851, upon two grounds: 1. That by the act of 1836 the State agreed to relinquish the right to impose a higher tax than five per cent. upon the dividends declared by the corporation, during the continuance of its charter, upon the surrender of its right to issue small bills or
notes. 2. That if this proposition is decided against it, yet, as the
act of 1845 established a general banking system, by which the State agreed to receive from each bank organized under it, six
per cent. upon its profits, in lieu of all taxes to which it would otherwise be subject, the State could not impose a higher tax upon this company under the contract contained in the 25th section of its charter hereinbefore mention'ed.
The rule of construction, in cases of this kind, has been well settled by this court. The grant of privileges and exemptions to a corporation are strictly construed against the corporation, and in favor of the public. Nothing passes but what is granted
in clear and explicit terms. And neither the right of taxation
nor any other power of sovereignty which the community have an interest in preserving, undiminished, will be held by the court to be surrendered, unless the intention to sutrender is manifested by words too plain to be mistaken. This is the rule laid down in the case of Billings v. The Providence Bank, and reaffirmed in the case of the Charles River Bridge Company.
Nor does the rule rest merely on the authority of adjudged
cases. It is founded in principles of justice, and necessary for the safety and well-being of every State in the Union. For it is a matter of public history, which this court cannot refuse to
notice, that almost every bill for the incorporation of banking companies, insurance and trust companies, railroad companies, or other corporations, is drawn originally by the parties who are pensonally interested in obtaining the charter; and that they are often pated by the legislature in the last days of its session,
when, from the nature of our political institutions, the business is unavoidably transacted in a hurried manner, and it is impossible that every member can deliberately examine every provison
in every bill upon which he is called on to act

436

SUPREME COURT.

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

On the other hand, those who accept the charter have abun-
dant time to examine and consider its Frovisions, before they invest their money. And if they mean to claim under it any peculiar privileges, or any exemption from the burden of taxa-
tion, it is their duty to see that the right cr exemption they intend to claim is granted in clear and unambiguous language.
The authority which this court is bound under the Constitution of the United States to exercise, in cases of this kind, is one of its most delicate and important duties. And if individuals choose to accept a charter in which the words used are susceptible of different meanings - or might have been considered by the representatives of the State as words of legislation only, and
subject to future revision and repeal, and not as words of contract - the parties who accept it have no just right to call upon this court to exercise its high power over a State upon doubtful or ambiguous words, nor upon any supposed equitable construc-
tion, or inferences made from other provisions in-the act of incorporation. If there are equitable considerations in their favor,
the application should be made to the State and not to this court. If they come here to claim an exemption from their
equal share of the public burdens, or any peculiar exemption or privilege, they must show their title to it- and that title must
be shown by plain and unequivocal language. Applying this rule of construction to the laws hereinbefore
referred to, it is evident that the first ground of defence cannot
be maintained. When the act of 1836 -was passed the State had an undoubt-
ed right, if it deemed proper, to impose the tax of twenty per
cent. upon the incorporated companies therein mentioned, and to include the Life Insurance and Trust Co npany among them.
Indeed the right of the State in this respect is not disputed, and the argument on behalf of the plaintiff in error upon this point necessarily admits it. And we see nothing in the proviso which can fairly be construed as a contract on tha part of the State that it would not afterwards change the policy which that law was intended to carry into operation; nor any thing like a pledge that the State would not thereafter impose a tax of more than
five per cent. upon the dividends of such banks as complied with the specified condition. The law is not a proposition addressed to the banks, but an ordinary act of legislation addressed to its own officer, and prescribing his duty in levying and collect-,
ing taxes from the corporations it mentions. It w as the policy of the State, at that time, to infuse wore gold and silver in the
circulating currency, an d to put an end to the circulation of small notes. The act of 196 was manifestly intended to accomplish that object And the tax is accordingly so regulated as to make

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

437

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

it the interest of the banks to abstain from issuing them. But the insolvency of the Bank of the United States, and many of the State banks, and the general stoppage of specie payments, which happened soon afterwards, made it impossible to carry out the policy which the State deemed best for the public interests.
The prohibition to issue small notes was therefore repealed in 183S, and.the privilege of issuing them again restored to the banks. Now, without resorting to the established rule of construction, above stated, no fair interpretation of the words of these laws can make them other than ordinary acts of legislation, which the State might modify or change according to the necessities of the public service. It would be straining the words beyond their just import and meaning to construe the reduced taxes levied, while the banks were prohibited from issuing small notes, as a perpetual contract not to levy more, although the privilege for which the reduction was intended, as an equitable compensation, should be restored. If it could be regarded as a contract, it evidently meant nothing more than that the tax should not be raised while the banks were prohibited from issuing small notes.
But the subject-matter of these laws shows that no contract could have been inten~ded. Every contract of this kind presupposes that some consideration is given, or supposed to be given, by the corporation- that the community is to receive from it some public benefit, which it could not obtain without the aid of the company. But in this instance the consent or cooperation of this company was not necessary to enable the State to carry out the policy indicated by the act of 1836. It had indeed at that time the power to issue notes and bills for circulation. But the grant of this right to the corporation, in general terms, was not a surrender of the right of the State to prescribe by law,
the lowest denomination for which notes or bills should be allowed to circulate. No such surrender is expressed, and none such therefore can be implied or presumed. For it is not only the right, but the duty of the State to secure to its citizens, as far as it is able, a safe and sound currency, and to prevent the circulation of small notes when they become depreciated, and are a public evil. And the community have as deep an interest in preserving this right undiminished, as they have in the taxing power. Anid like the taxing power it will not be construed to be relinquished, unless the intention to do so is clearly expressed. The general power to issue notes and bills, without any express grant as to small notes, is subordinate to the power of the State to reg-ulate the amount for which they may be issued.
Moreover, the power of the Life Insurance and Trust Com-
pany to issue notes or bills, of any description, terminated by the 37

SUPREME COURT.
Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.
express provision in its charter in 1843. And if the acceptance of the condition contained in the proviso in the act of 1836 made that law a contract on the part of the State, the reduced tax was the consideration for the surrender of the privilege. It surrendered the privilege until 1843. It had nothing to surrender after that time. And of course there was nothing for which the State was to give an equivalent, or for which the company had even an equitable claim to require compeasation., It would be a most unreasonable construction of such an agreement to say, that in consider~ation that the company would abstain from erabarrassing the community with a small note circulation for seven years, the State contracted not only to exempt it from its equal share of taxation during the time it abstained, but also for twenty-seven years afterwards, during which period the corporation would be exercising every privilege originally conferred on it by its charter, and giving no equivalent for the exemption. Before such a conclusion can be arrived at,the rule hereinbefore stated must be reversed, and every intendlment made in favor of the exclusive privileges of the corporation, and against the
community; and that intendment, too, must be pushed beyond the fair and just construction of the language used, or the subjeet-matter and object of the agreement.
In every view of the subject, therefore, the defence taken under the act of 1836 cannot be maintained.
The second proposition of the plaintiff in error is equally untenable.
The contract with this company in relation to taxation is contained in the 25th section of the charter hereinbefore set forth. Its obvious meaning is, that the tax upon this company should be regulated by the takes which the policy or the wants of the State might induce it to impose by its general laws upon banking institutions. And in the legis'lation of Ohio, the words "banking institutions" or " b an ks " appear always to be confined to corporations which were authorized to issue bills or notes for circulation as currency. This company, therefore, was to be subject to the taxes then levied, or which its policy or necessities might afterwards induce it to levy, on banking institutions. The tax is not to be regulated by any special contract that the State had made, or might. afterwards make, with a particular bank or banks. Nor isthere any pledge on the part of the State that it will not afterwards enter into such contracts, and reserve in-them a higher or lower rate of interest than that prescribed by its general laws. There is no provision in relation to such contracts contained in its charter. Its taxes are to be raised or lessened as the legislatrxe may from time to time prescribe in cases of banks where no special contract in-

DECEMNBER TERM, 1853.
Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.
tervenes to forbid it. This, in my opinion, is the true interpretation of the words used.
At the time the charter was granted, the act of March 12, 1831, was in force, which imposed a tax of five per cent. on the dividends of banks, insurance, and bridge companies. Of course, the plaintiffs in error were subject to that tax, and no more, while the law of 1831 continued in force; and it was not affected by any special contracts which the State had previously made. *And it would have been liable to the tax of twenty per cent. imposed by the general act of 1836, if it had not complied with the condition in the proviso. But having complied, it remained, like other banking institutions which had no special contract, subject to the tax of five per cent.
Then came the act of 1845, which incorporated the State Bank, and authorized individuals to form banking companies in the manner and upon the terms therein specified. The 60th section provided that the banking companies organized under it should each pay, semiannually, six per cent. on its profits, which sum should be in lieu of all taxes to which the company or stockholders would otherwise be subject. It will be observed that this provision does not extend to all the banks in the State, but is, in express terms, confined to those which should be organized under that act of assembly; that is to say, to such banks only as should be organized in The manner authorized by that law, and become liable to all the restrictions, provisions, and duties prescribed in it.
The court has already decided at the present term that the State has, by this section, relinquished the right to impose a higher tax than the one therein mentioned, upon any bank organized under that law. But that decision does not affect this case. For this company was- not organized under the act of 1845, and is not therefore embraced by the 60th section. It remained under the regulation of the general law, and was still subject to a tax of five per cent. on its dividends, and nothing more. It was not liable to the increased tax of six per cent. upon profits levied upon these banks. For that tax was the result of a special agreement, and not of the repeal of former laws. And so it appears to have been uiLderstood and construed by the parties interested. The plaintiff in error continued to pay five per cent. on its dividends; while the banks organized under the act of 1845, paid the increased tax of six per cent. on their profits. Neither was the duration of its charter shortened. It still was to continue until 1870, while the corporate existence of these banks was to terminate ini 1866. Nor was it subject to the restrictions, limitations, or duties imposed upon them, when they differed from those of its own charter.

440

SUPREME COURT.

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Dcbolt.

This being. the case, there is no reason why the tax to be paid by the plaintiff in error should not be regulated by the
general rule prescibed by the act of 1851. It was regulated by the general act of 1836, until this law was passed. Its tax Was then lower than that levied on the banking companies organized under the act of 1845. And, as the special contract on which these banks were chartered did not apply to this corporation before the act of 18.51, we do not see upon what ground it. can be applied afterwards. As the tax levied on the ".'fe Insurance and Trust Company was regulated by the general
rule before, it would seem to follow that "t should continue to be so regulated, as there is nothing in that law to alter its orighlal charter. The increased. amount of the tax can make
no difference.
It is said, however, that -when the act of 1851 was passed, there was no solvent bank in the State except those brought
into existence by the act of 1845 ; that those previously established had all failed, and consequently there was no banking
institution upon which the increased tax could operate. There is some difference, as to this fact, between the counsel. But I do not deem it material to institute a particular inquiry upon the subject. The provisions of the act of 1851 are general, and expressly apply to all banks then in existence, if any, or which have since been estatlished, unless they were exempted from its operation by contract with the State. And it is by this general rule or policy that this company is bound by its charter
t.o Babesididee. s, it'has been stated in the argument, and seems to
have been admitted, that in 1845 there was no banking institution in the State upon which a tax was levied. They had all,
it is said, stopped payment and made no dividends, and consequently no tax was paid. And this fact was strongly urged in the case of the Piqua Branch of the State Bank of Ohio against Jacob Knoop, Treasurer, in order to support the construction of the contract which has been sanctioned by the court. Yet
the fact that. there was no bank then in existence paying the tax, did not -withdraw the Life Insurance and Trust Company from the operation of the general law, nor subject it to the in-
creased taxation of the act of 1845. Again it is said, that forty or fifty banks were organized under
th act of 1845, and that that act formed the general banldng system of the State; and the rule of taxation then' prescribed ought, therefore, to be applied to this corporation, under the terms of its charter. But, as I have already said, the charter to the Life Insurance and Trust Company does not prohibit the
Stite from granting charters, under any special limitation as to

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.
Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.
taxation, which it may deem advisable and for the public interest. And if it may grant one, it may grant as many as it may suppose the .public interest requires, upon the same or upon ditflrent" conditions from each other. The State has not contracted that this company shall have the benefit of all or any of such agreements, or shall pay only the lowest tax levied on a bank, or the tax levied on the greater number of them. It has agreed that it shall have the benent of its general regulations and laws in this respect, but not of its special contracts. And when the owners of property, vested in the stocks of a corporation, come here to claim a privilege or franchise, which exempts them from their equal share of the public burdens borne by the rest of the community, they are entitled to receive what is expressly or plainly granted to them, and nothing more.
Upon the whole, I am of opinion that the act of 1S51 does not impair the obligation of any contract -with the plaintiff in error, and the judgment of the Supreme Court of Ohio ought therefore to be affirmed.
Mr. Justice CATRON. I stated my views as to the character and effect of the sixtieth section of the ac of 1845, in the case of The Piqua Bank v. Knoop; there I came to the conclusion that, no restraint was intended to be imposed on a future legislature to impose diltbrcut and additional taxes on- the banks to which the act applies, if that was deemed necessary for the public welfare. 2d. iy conclusion, also, was in the above case, that if such restraint had been attempted, it was inoperative for want of authority in a legislature to vest in a corporation by contract, to be held as a franchise and as corporate property, a general political power of legislation, so that it could not be resumed and exercised by each future legislature. That a diltcreint doctrine would tend to sap and eventually might destroy ilie State constitutions and governments; as every grant of the kind, to corporations or individuals would expunge so much of the legislative power from the State constitution as the contract embraced; and if the same process was applied to objects of taxaiion, Iirst one and then another might be exempted, until all were covered, and subject to the same ifnmnunity, when the government must cease to exist for want of revenue.
:Sd. That the constituation of Ohio, of 1802, forbid such tying
up of the hands of future legislatures acting under its aithority, it being so construed by her own courts, whose decisions we were bound to follow. Nor has any law or decision of a court in Ohio construed its late constitution of 1802 in this regard, until the decision,, lately made on the tax laws here in cozitroversy, settled its true meaning.

442

SUPREME COURT.

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Dcbolt.

These principles will equally apply in this case as they did in that of 'Ibe Piqua Bank r. Knoop; even admitting that the sixtieth cection of the act of 184.5 is in etleA and fact a general provision applicable to the existing banks of Ohio, and embraces the Insurance and Trust Company.
It is proper that I should say, my object here is not to express an opinion in this case farther than to giard myself against
being committed in any degree to the doctrine that the sovereign political power is the subject-matter of a private contract that cannot be impaired or altered by a subsequent legislature; that such act of incorporation is superior to sbbsequent State laws alcting the corporators injuriously; and that the corporation holds its granted franchises under the Constitution of the United States, in effect, and holds and maintains the portion of sovereign
power vested in it by force of the authority of this court: thus standing off from and above the local State authorities, political and judicial, and setting them at defiance, as has been most signally done in one instance, brought to our cot sideration from Ohio at this te:'m, in the case of Deshler v. Dodge. There the tax collector distrained nearly forty thousand dollars' worih of property from four of these banks claiming exemption. On the same day an assignment was unade by the four banks of the property in the collector's hands to Deshler, a citizen uf New York. He sued our a writ of replevin in the Circuit Coturt of the United States, founded on these assignments. The marshal of that court, by its process, retook the property from the taxcollector's hands, and delivered it to the nan-resident assignee, as the le--il and true owner, who now holds it.
No ot.mer or further step is required to secure our protection to corporations setting up claims to exemp-ion from State laws. I have become entirely convinced that the protection of State legislation and independence, supposed to be found in a liberal construction of State laws in favor of the public and against monopolies, as asserted in the Charles River Bridge case, is illusory and nearly useless, as almost any beneficial privilege, property, or exempdoion, claimed by corporations or individuals in virtue of State laws, may be construed into a contract, presenting itself as unambiguous and manifestly plain to one mind, whereas to anoihler it may seem obscure, and not amounting to a contract. No better example can be found than is here furnished.
When I take into consideration this fact, and, in connection with it, the unparalleled increase of corporations throughout the Union within the last few years; the ease with which charters, containing exclusive privileges and exemptions are obtained; the vast amount of property, power, and exclusive benefits, pre-
jiudicial to other classes of society that are vested in and held

DE"EMBER TERMT, 1853.

.443

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v.. Deholt.

by these numerous bodies of associated wealth, I cannot but feel the grave importance of being called on to sanction the conclusion that they hold their rights of franchise and property under the Constitution of the United States, and practically
under this court, and stand above the State government creat-
ing them. Myoopinion is, that the judgment ot the State court should be
affirmed lor the reasons here suggested, and stated 4y me at large in the ease of the Piqua Bank v. Knoop.

Mfr. Justice DANIEL. In the conclusion adopted by the opinion of the court, that the judgment of the Supreme Court of Ohio should be affirmed, I entirety concur, but from the reasoning by which the court has
reached its conclusion I am constrained to dissent. I never can believe in that, to my mind suicidal doctrine, which confers upon
one legislature, the creatures and limited agents of the sovereign people, the power, by a breach of duty and by transcendig the commission with which they are clothed, to bind forever and irrevocably their creator, for whose benefit and by whose authority alone they are delegated to act, to consequences however
mischievous or destructive. The argument of the court in this case leading, in my apprehension, to the justification of abuses like those just referred to, I must repudiate that argument, whilst I concur in the conclusion that the decision of the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio should be affiirmed, both for the reasons assigned in support of their judgment by that court, and
for the further-reason that this court cannot rightfully take cog-
nizance of the parties to this controversy.

Mr. Justice CAMPBELL. Iy opinion is, that the act of the general assembly of Ohio, entitled "An act to tax banks, and bank and other, stocks, the same as other property is now taxable by the laws of this State, of March, 1851," does not impair the obligation of any contract contained in the act of incorporation of the plaintiff, or in any other act of the general assembly of the State with which the
plaintiff is concerned. I concur in the opinion of the chief justice concerning the in-
terpretation of the statutes of Ohio involved in this case, and the doctrines of interpretation applicable to these and statutes of a similar description, and in the conclusions to which tl"
conduct. In the decision of the cases which have been brought to this
court, from the Supreme Court of Ohio, I have not found it
necessary to declare an opinion upon the powers of the general

44.4

6UPREME COURT.

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Comrany v. Deiolt.

assembly to modify or to repeal an act of incorporation like the one held by these banking institutions; nor of the limitations upon the general assembly in administering the power of taxation -much less to consider the powers of the people of Ohio,
to reform all the proceedings and acts of their government, or whether those powers of the people can be controlled in their exercise by any jurisdiction or authority lodged in this court.
The questions pressing upon us involve interests of such a magnitude, and consequences so. importint, that I feel constrained to stop at the precise limit at which I find myself unable
to decide the case at law or equitaynbdefdourety.me- that being the limit of my constitutional power
I file this opinion merely to say, that I Jo not concur in the opinion which has been delivered on the points wherein any of these questions are directly or indirectly considered.

Mr. Justice McLEAN. The language of the 25th section of th3 charter of the Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company, is, "No higher taxes shall
be levied on the capital stock or dividends of the company than are or may be levied on the capital stock or dividends of incor-
porated banking institutions in this State." This charter was passed the 12th of February,.1834. If'was
*accepted by the company, a large amount of stock was subscribed and paid, and the bank was organized and went into operation.
The 2d section- gave power to the comp'any, 1. To make insurances on lives. 2. To grant and purch-,se annuities. 3. To
make any other contracts involving the interest or use of money, and the duration of life. 4. To receive money in trust, and to accumulate the same at such a rate of interest as may be obtained or agreed on, or to allow such interest thereon as may be agreed on. 5. To acoept and execute all such trusts of every description, as may be committed to them by any person
or persons whatsoever, or may be transferred to them by order of any court of record whatever. 6. To receive and hold lands under grants, with general or special co'ienants, so far as the
same may be necessary for the transaction of their business, or where the. same may be taken in payment of their debts, or
purchased upon sales made under any law of this State, so far as the same may be necessary to protect the rights of the said company, and the same again to sell, convey, and dispose of. 7. To buy and sell drafts and bills of exchange.
The capital stock of the corporation was fixed at two millions of dollars, the whole of which was required to be invested. in bonds or notes drawing interest, not exceeding seven per

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

cent. per annum, secured by unencumbered real estate within
the State of Ohio, of at least double the value in each case, of

the sum so secured.

By the 23d section it is declared that, "the company shall have

power until the year 1843, to issue bills or notes to an amount

not exceeding twice the amount of the funds. deposited wifti

said company, for a time not less than one year, other than

capital; but shall not, at any time, have in circulation an

amount greater than one half the capital actually paid. in and

invested in bonds or notes secured by an unencumbered real

estat(, agreeably to the 7th section of this act, nor a greater

amount than twice the amount of depqsits, &c.

The section under which the claim to a limited taxation is

maintained, is only made certain by reference to the taxes levied

on the capital stock or dividends of other incorporated banking

institutions. And more satisfactorily to arrive at this result, it

may be proper to see what construction has be~n given to the

section by the officers of State, whose duty it was to assess the

tax and collect it.

The act of the 12th of March, 1831, imposed a tax on banks

of five per cent. upon the amount of their dividends. This tax

was paid by the Trust Company until the act of the 14th of

March, 1836, called the act to prohibit the circulation of small

bills. Under this act the auditor was authorized to draw in

favor of the Treasurer of State for twenty per cent. on the divi-

dends of the -banks, provided, if they should agree in the form

required to relinquish the right under their charter' to issue fivE

dollar bills, and three dollars, the auditor should draw only fo]

five per cent.

The Trust Company acceded to the proposal, and filed the

necessary papers relinquishing the right to issue the small bills

as required. But this made no difference in the amount of the

tax paid by the bank.

The tax continued the same rate of fate per cent. on the divi-

dends of banks until the act of 1845 was passed, containing the

following compact: "Each banking company, organized under

tis act, or accepting thereof, and complying with its provisions,

shall semiannually, on the days designated in the fifty-ninth

section, set off to the State six per cent. on the profits, deduct-

ing therefrom the expenses and ascertained losses of the coin-

pany for the six months next preceding; which sum or amount,

so set ofl shall be in lieu of all taxes to which such company,

or the stockholders thereof, on account of stock owned therein,

would otherwise be subject," &c.

As the power of the. State to exempt property from taxation,

under a compact which binds it, has been discussed somewhat

VOL. XVI.

38

4-46

SUPREME COURT.

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Comi~any v. Debolt.

at large in the case of the Piqua Branch Bank v. Knoop, at this
term, nothing farther need now be said on the subjects there examined; but the point, whether there is a contract which should exempt the Trust Company Bank from general taxation, must be considered. There are two grounds under which this
bank claims an exemption. 1. Under its original charter. 2. Under the small note act of 1836. The second I shall not
consider. The twenty-fifth section in the charter guarantees that "no
higher taxes shall be levied on the Trust Company than on the capital or dividends of incorporated banking institutions in the
State." Now, to make this provision specific as to the amount of the tax, the other banking institutions of the State to which
the section refers, must be ascertained. Some doubt may arise, whether the institutions referred to
were such as were existing at the time the charter was granted, r to banks subsequently taxed. As the words in the section, in relation to taxation of the bank, are, "than are or may be levied," it would seem to embrace the future law of taxation, as well as the one in force at the date of the charter. Taking this as the true construction, the tax of five per cent. on the dividends was
properly assessed under the act of 1831 and 1836. At the tii-ie the charter of this company went into operation,
some of the banks were taxed four per cent. on their dividends : but as the greater number were taxed five per cent. on their dividends, the Auditor of State drew for live. This seemed to be a reasonable construction of the twenty-fifth section,, as it 'refers to a general rule of taxation, and not to a particular one. The tax shall not be higher than that on "he incorporated banks of the State.
After the act of 1845, the Trust Company was chargeable with six per cent. on the dividends, deducting expenses and ascer-
tained losses, on the ground that a veryllarge proportion of the banks of the State were so taxed; and that would seem to come within the intention of the Trust Company charter. -W¥ithout doing violence to the language of the twenty-fifth section, it cannot be said to embrace the highest rate of taxation nor the lowest; that rate which would include the greater number of banks, would seem to be just. And that was the construction given by the auditor before the tax law of 1851.
The act of the 12th of March, 1851, imposed a much higher tax on banks, by- assessing it on all the property of the banks, instead of the six per cent. on the dividends. This embraced the banks chartered under the act of 1845, as well as all others. And if this law had been held to be constitutioiial, it would, Undoubtedly, apply to the Trust Company.

DECEMBER TERM,, 1853.

447

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

On the 21st of March, 1851, the same day- the above tax law
was passed, an act to authorize free banking was enacted, -which continued in force until it was repealed by the adoption
of the constitution. Under this law it is ascertained, from the report of the auditor, that thirteen banks, or about that number, were organized. There were about fifty banks organized under the act of 1845. Four of the old banks were not included in this organization. Now, all the banks organized under the act
of 1845, as we have held in the Piqua Branch Bank case, were not subject to a higher tax than six per cent. on their dividends.
At the time the tax law of 1851 was made to operate on the Trust Company, there does not appear to have been a bank
in the State on which such tax could be assessed. There were, it is believed from the report of the Auditor of State, thirteen banks organized under the Bank Act of 1851, passed on the same day as the Tax Act; but not one of those banks was in operation until some time after the tax took effect on the
Trust Company. This Bank Act was repealed by the new constitution so as to arrest the.further organization of banks under it. Now, from these facts the question arises, whether the
twenty-fifth section shall be held to apply to the Aifty banks in operation under the act of 1845, or to the thirteen banks which were afterwards organized under the act of 1851. It is true that the act of 1851, imposing the tax, was intended to affect all the banks, and especially the Trust Company, but that act being held to be unconstitutional, cannot be considered as governing the twenty-fifti. section of the Trust Company charter. The provision in that section, that "no higher duties shall be levied on the capital stock or dividends of the company than are or
may be levied on the capital stock or dividends of incorporated banking institutions in the State," must refer to a legal taxation; and if this be the correct interpretation, then, at the time this tax law was passed, there was not a bank in the State on
which the tax could take effect. The twenty-fifth section referred to incorporated institutions and not to contemplated incor-
porated banks. Such a construction must be given to the section, if it have any effect. This reference, embracing the taxation
under the act of 1845, gives to the Trust Company charter the same ctlict as if the sixtieth section of the act of 1845 had been embodied in it. By reference it constitutes a part of the Trust
Company charter, and it would seem to me that nothing short of ihis gives to the twenty-fifth section the effect it was intended
to have.
That section has been relied on by the bank as a pledge or compact, not complete wxithin itself as to the ampunt of the
tax; but by reference to existing incorporated banks, embracing

SUPREME COURT.
Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.
the tax imposed upon them as the tax intended to be applied to the Trust Company.
In this view this section is made certain, and contains all the requisites of a contract. The same certairty would make good a grant for land. And this is sufficient. The restriction of the power of the Legislature of Maryland, in regard to taxing the banks of that State, was made 6ut by ccnstruction as clearly and as satisfactorily as if it had been expressied in words.
Would any one contend that the Legislature of Ohio could tax the Trust Company under its charter, -withoutany reference to existing incorporated banks? This was done by the tax law of 1851. But the legislature may have supposed that law would operate upon all banks in the State. As that law cannot so operate, this tax on the Trust Company then should be considered as taxing the Trust Company witiout reference to any existing banks, but to those which might or might not be organized under the act of 1851. This, it seems to me, is in violation of all sound rules of construing the twenty-fifth section.
The Supreme Court of the State considered this charter of the -Trust Company as resting on the same footing as the other banks. In the discussion of the subject the sixtieth section of the act of 1845 was examined. They rightly considered that section as applying, by reference, to that company; and, in this .respect, I entirely agree with them. I think the Trust Company stands upon the same basis, and should have the same judgment applied to it, as was applied to the banks under the act of 1845.
In the argument of the counsel against the Trust Company Bank, it was insisted that the rule which. is to determine the amount of taxation, is lound in "Lhe banking companies under the act of 1851, and not under the act of 1845. And this is founded chiefly on the 'act that the act of 1851 was a general law, and imposed a tax upon all the balzs of Ohio. This argument would be unanswerable, if the existing banks were subject to the tax law of 1851. But, under our.decision, that law has no operation on the existing banits; and this fact was not considered by the counsel. The decision in the Piqua Bank case has taken this ground from the counsel. For they did not, in any part of their argument, contend that the tax could apply to the Trust Company as "incorporated banks," when no such banks were incorporated. This would seem to be in violation, not only of the words of the 25th section, but of the clear import of that section.
Neither the supreme court of the State nor the counsel relied upon such an argument. The court o:' the State and the counsel in the Trust' Company case, discussed the 60th section

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

449

Ohio Lifo Insurance and Trust Company v. Debolt.

of the act of 1845, as 1y reference, constitating a part of its charter. And this is the true question in the case.
The privilege of issuing bills of circulation, which terminated in 1843, can have no effect upon the -questionof taxation. That
company still exercised, under its charter, its banking powers as a bank of deposit, and did a much larger business than any bank of the State. After 1843, as before that period, its dividends were taxed as the other banks. It was in fact a bank, and dis-
counted, and was the principal bank in the State. These facts appear from the taxes paid to the auditor, which constitute a
part of the record.
In the argument it is assumed that this bank is taxed at the rate only at which individuals are taxed, From the facts before us, I think there is a mistake in this statement.
The capital of this bank -is stated in the charter to be two millions of dollars. From the record it appears that eight per cent. is the average dividend declared. This would give one hundred and sixty thousand dollars, as dividend, per annum. From the report of the auditor of Ohio I observe the taxes charged against the Trust Company, including the penalties
incurred for that year, amounts to the sum of $108,477.85. This sum, deducted from the dividends for the year, will leave ynly the sum of $51,523 to be distributed among the stockholders. This would give to them little more than two and a half per cent. on their capital. But if the bank had paid the tax, without incurring any penalty, it would have amounted to a sum not much below seventy thousand dollars. This would take neary one half of the profits of the year. This result must convince ary one that there must be some error in the statement, that this bank is taxed no more than property is taxed in the hands of individuals. No free people would pay
nearly one half the profit of a large concern, in taxes. But I think this result may be accounted for.
The capital of this bank is loaned at seven per cent., and distributed among the counties of the State. Funds are received on deposits for which four per cent. per annm, or a higher
rate of interest is paid. The bank having the general confi-, dence of business men, its deposits are large, the notes payable to the bank, bills of exchange, &c., are all assessed at the. face, as capital, and also, it is supposed, all moneys on deposit. From these no deduction is made on account of debts due to depositors or to other persons, as the law requires, in assessing the personai property of an individual. No trust company, organized as this company is organized, can do busidess under
such a pressure of taxation.
This bank was organized when the currency of Ohio was
.88

450

SUPREME COURT.

Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Company v. Dabolt.

deranged, -and embarrassments were general throughout the country. The general bankrupt act followed, after the lapse of some years. The agency of the Trust Company Bank, in distributing its capital in every county in the State, as required by its charter, conduced to correct the evils of a vitiated currency in the State; and, in that respect, has continued to exercise a salutary influence over its circulation. These considerations, I am aware, have nothing to do with the constitutional question in the case, and I only advert to them in answer to the argu-
ment that this bank has no ground of complaint, as it is taxed on its property as if the property were in the hands of an individual.

MIr. Justice WAYNE dissented from the judgment of the court.

Mr. Justice CURTIS. I dissent from the judgment of the majority of the court in
this case. I consider the tventy-fifth section of the charter of
the company to be a contract by the State with the corporation,
that the rate of taxation of this company shall not at any time be higher than the rate of taxation actually and legitimately imposed on banking institutions; that this contract is not complied with by passing an act to tax banks, which could not, and did not operate, in point of fact, to tax the banking insti-
tutions of the State; that what was bargained for and granted
was not conformity to an inoperative general law, but conformity to the actual and legal rate of taxrtion of banks for the time being; and consequently, as when the tax in question was
levied, the banking institutions existing in the State were not subject to the law under which the Life and Trust Company was taxed, and were not liable to pay the rate of taxation imposed on that company, the obligation of the contract of the
State to impose on the Life and Trust Company no higher
taxes than are or may be imposed on banking institutions,
has been impaired; because when this tay was imposed it was a higher tax than was or could be legitimately imposed on the
then existing banking institutions of the State. I do not go into an extended examination of this subject, because it involves o.1my a construction of this particular contract, and though important
to the parties, is not of general interest. Upon the other ques-
tions involved in the case, namely, as to the power of the legislature of Ohio to make a contract fixing the rate of taxation of certain property for a term of years, - as to the duty of this court
to expound the contract whose obligation is alleged to be impaired- and the propriety of accepting the construction of the

DECEMBER TERM3, 1843.

451

Gamache et al. v. Piquignot et. al.

constitution of the State which had been practised on by all the branches of its government, and acquiesced in by the people for
many years, when the contract in question was made, I fully
concur in the views of the eldef Justice, as expressed in his opinion.

1r.Justice NELSON concurs with Mr. Justice CURTIS.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the State of Ohio, for Hamilton county, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is now here order'ed, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the judgment and decree of the Supreme Court of Ohio, in this cause as remitted to the District Court of the State of Ohio for Hamilton county, and contained ii the transcript of the record filed in this cause, be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs, and interest at the same rate per annum that similar judgments or decrees. bear in the courts of the State of Ohio.

Louis D. GA-MACHE, SAMIUEL AND IxEoNonrE GAMACHE, BY GUARDIAN, WILSON PRI'sI, Louis Pi.uhii, JOHN CAVENDEN, AND A B3Y P. TRUE, PLAINTIrFS IN EnRoR, V. FRANCOIS X. PIQUIGNOT, AND THE INHABITANTS Or THE TOWN or CARONDELET.
In 1812, Congre-s pa-cd an aet (2 Stat. at L. 748) entitled "An act making further provi~ion for ettling the claimi to land in the territory of MIissouri." It contirraed the titles to town or village lots, out lot,, &c.. in sbveral towns and villages, and amongst them the town of Carondelet, where they had been inhabited, cultivated, or possessed, prior to the twentieth day of December, 1803.
In 1824, Congre~cs passed another act, (4 Stat. at L. 65,) supplementary to tbe above, the irmt section of which made it the duty of the individual owner' or claimants, whose lots were contirmed by the act of 1812, to proceed within 1s months to designate their lots by proving cultivation, boundaries, &c., before the recorder of lana titles. The third section made it the duty of this officer to issue a certificate of confirmation for each claim confirmed, and furnish the surveyor-general with a list of the lots so confirmed.
This list was furnished in 1827.

THE DECISIONS
OF T
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
AT
DECEMBER TERM, 1g53.

JOHN H. LEwis, AP.PELLANT, V. SARAH DARLING.

Where a bill in chancery was filed by a legatee against the person who had married the daughter and residuary devisee of the testator, (there having been no administration in the United States upon the estate,) this daughter or her representatives if she were dead, ought to have been made a party defendant.
But if the complainant appears to be entitled to relief, the court will allow the bill to be amended, and even if it be an appeal, will remand the case for this purpose.
Where the will, by construction, shows an intention to charge the real estate with the payment of a legacy, it is not necessary to ayer in the bill a deficiency of personal assets.
The real estate will be charged with the payment of legacies where a testator Tives several legacies, and then, without creating an express trust to pay them, makes a general residuary ---;position of the whole estate, blending the realty and personalty together in one furi. This is an exception to the general rule that the personaj estate is the first fund for the payment of debts and legacies.
Where it appears, by the admissions and proofs, that the defendant has substantially under his control a large property of the testator which he intended to charge with the payment of the legacy in question, the complainant is entitled to relief although tht land lies beyond the limits of the State in which the suit is brought.

THis was an appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Alabama, exercising Ci.cuit Court equity jurisdiction, under the act of Congress of Feb. ruary 19, 1831, ch. 28, (4 Stat at Large, p. 444.)
The following is the statement contained in the brief of the counsel for the appellant, which is adopted by the court, in their

opinion.

A bill was flied March 16, 1846, by the appellee against the appellant- alleging, that in the year 1822, one Samuel Betts, a citizen of the State of Connecticut, but transacting business at Havana, in the Island of Cuba, as a partner in the firm of F. M. Arredondo & Son, died at Havana, leaving a will in due form of law, proven and admitted to record in that city, by

VOL. XVI.

1

SUPREME COURT.
Lewis.v. Darling.
which he bequeathed to the complainant, Darling, a legacy of 92,500. That Betts left but one child, his daughter Mary, who has since married the defendant Lewis -and that a tract of several hundred thousand acres of land, in the present State of Florida, was held and owned 'by the firm, of which Betts was a partner. That by a decree of the proper court of the State of Florida, Lewis, the defendant, has been declared entitled to 60,000 acres of this land, in right of his wife, the daughter of said Betts, which is worth more than $100,000; that Lewis had also received a deed of conveyance for 15,000 acres of land, valued at $50,000, which was the property of Betts, as a partner of the firm. And, in addition to this, also received large sums of money belonging to Betts's estate. The 'bill prays, that Exhibit A, (a copy of Betts's will,) and Exhibit B, (a copy of the answer of the defendant, Lewis, to a bill filed in the Superior Court of the District of East Florida, in the iow State of Florida, by John Brush "et al. v. Lewis "et al.") be considered parts of the bill. And propounds interrogatories to Lewis: 1st. As to whether Exhibit A is a correct copy of that which defendant, in the case against him in Florida, had set out in his answer there, as the will of Betts ? 2d. Whether the original will was in defendant's possession; if not, why, and where it was, and was it admitted to probate in Havana? 3d. Whether defendant received any property, lands, or moneys, from the estate of Betts, and if so, whether it was-the property of Betts, individually, or as a partner of the firm of Arredcndo & Son, and what was its value? 4th. Whether Exhibit B was a true copy of the answer it purported to be? 5th. Whether Joseph Fenwick (who by the will of Betts was appointed executor in the United States) did ever, or did then, re ide in Adabama, or where he then resided? 6th. What the value of the property was, received by defendant from Betts's estate; when was it received, and what was the rate of interest in Florida and in Cuba? And pzays process to procure full answers to the interrogatories, and payment of the legacy, if it appear that the defendant has received from Betts's estate enough to satisfy the complainant.
On page 5 of Record, in complainant's Exhibit A, will be seen the appointment of Joseph Fenwick as the exeputor of Betts in the United States, and the legacy bequeathed, as stated in the bill. The residue of the testator's property, after a few minor dispositions, is devised to his only child, the wife of the defendant.
Exhibit B, which complainant makes a part of her bill, shows ,that the large tract of land mentioned in the bill did belong to the firm of Arredondo & Son, of which Betts was a member, and sets out how Lewis, by maniage with the daughi-

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

8

Lewis v" Darling.

ter, the sole heir of Betts, became entitled to a portion of it.
Lewis, in that answer, also states, with regard to the 15,000 acres mentioned in the bill in this case, that, being ignorant of the true 'rights of his wife, in the year 1831 he agreed with F. M. Arredondo upon the terms of a compromise as to his wife's interest in said lands; by which agreement he and his wife were to receive 15,000 acres, as an undivided portion of the balance of the tract, after certain sales which had been previously
made by Arredondo & Son; and, in consideration of which, he
and his wife were to relinquish forever, all rights to any further or other portion of said land, by virtue of the interest of Samuel
Betts. That a deed was executed by said F. M. Arredondo, conveying to Lewis and wife, 15,000 acres of the land, and signed and delivered to Lewis, but that he and his wife had refused to execute any deed of release or relinquishment of their
interest in said land - alleging as a reason for not doing so, that he ascertained Arredondo had not made full and fair representations of Betts's interest in the land, and had either by mistake, or with fraudulent purpose, made incorrect statements in the recitals of the deed of the sales previously made, and that
he (the defendant) had thereforb always regarded the said deed of Arredondo to himself and wife as void, and bad dIaimed
nothing under it since he ascertained the facts above referred to, and had always refused to carry out the verbal agreement of the compromise, and averring Betts's interest as partner to the extent of one third, in the large tract of land belonging
to the firm of Arredondo & Son, he prays a decree for partition' of said lands, and that the portion to which he is entitled in right of his wife, when established to the satisfaction of the court, be allotted to him by a decree to that effect.
On page 11 of Record, is defendant Lewis's first answer to
the present bill, in which he totally denies having ever received one cent of value from Betts's estate, either in real, personal, or mxed property. But this answer being objected to
as insufficient and evasive, the court below, May 21st, 1846, ruled that it was insufficient-but also ruled, that the bill did not allege sufficient matter for equitable relief, it not showing, that the executor had not paid the legacy, and if it had not been paid, did not show any reason for proceeding against the
residuary legatee instead of the executor.
Thereupon the complainant filed her amended bill, stating that "no one, to her knowledge or belief, had ever taken out letters testamentary or of administration upon the estate of
Betts, either in the'State of Alabama or elsewhere," and "that
no person had ever paid the legacy, or any part thereof," and that no person but defendant had ever received any part of

4

SUPREME COURT.

Lcwidv. Darling.

Bets's estate, and called upon defendant to state, whether any
one had taken out letters upon the estate.
Defendant then puts in his second answer, stating that he
was a defendant in a suit in Chancery in 'Florida, brought against him and others by John H. Brush and others, and that before the termination of said suit, a copir of the will of Betts was filed by him as part of the evidence of his claim, in right
of his wife. The original will was in Spanish, and he obtained a Spanish copy of it from the proper depository in the city of
Havana. He believed that a Spanish copy and an English translation were filed among the papers ia that suit. That the suit was not tried in the regular way -but the parties entered
into a covenant or agreement, which was put upon the records of the Court of Florida, and was, by consent, made the decree of that court. That the will was not adjudicated upon; - cannot
say on his oath that the Exhibit A is a correct translation of the original--but it does not differ fiom the English copy filed in
the Florida case. To the third interrogatory, he states, that he has received no 'pr9perty, lands, or moneys from the estate of Betts. -Thata decree in the Florida case had been enter~d by consent of parties, and that the decree gave to his wif. a
large amount of land - but there was no decree in favor of him -and the decree in favor of his wife was not a final one -
needing the report of commissioners appointed to make partition
of the land before it became a final decree. Cannot say what is the value of the land decreed to his wife, because the decree is not final, and awaits the further action of the court. He ad-
mits the Exhibit B to the bill to be atrue copy of the answer filed by him in the Florida case. States that Joseph Fenwick did reside in Alabama, and believes he is dead; and that he.does not kiow or believe that any person has tEken out letters of admiistration upon the estate of Betts in the United States. lie does not know whether there was or was not administration in Cuba - and has no information on the subject; and suggesting
the want of parties, prays to be dismissed. No exception te this answer appears on record; but on the
23d November, 1847, the court decide the answer to be insufli-
cient, and also that the bill was defective in not alleging sufficient matters for equitable relief, in not showing that the executors had not paid the legacy, and that not being shown in alleging no reasons for proceeding against the residuary legatec
instead of the executor. Leave to amend was granted; but instead of so doing the
complainant filed her replication, averring the sufficieley of het bill, the insufficiency of the answer, and traversing the statements of the latter.

DECEMBER TERM, .1853.
Lewis v. Darling.
On November 23d, 1847, the court below decreed in favor of complainant, ordering that she recover against the defendant $7,645.45, the amount of the legacy with interest and costs, and ordered execution to issue accordingly.
On November 24th, 1847, defendant filed a petition for rehearing, alleging error in the decree; because the decree in the Florida case was not final, and he had not, as yet, received in right of his wife, or on his own account, the least benefit from that decree, nor was it certain'that he ever would. For the report oi the commissioners appointed to make partition in the suit in Florida had been objected to by some of the parties, and set aside by the court, and that another commission had been appointed which could not report before the next term of the court, in June, 1848; that he would, therefore, under the decree, have to pay a large sum of money to the complainant out of hiis own funds, when he had received nothing under the decree rendered in favor of his wife. He also states that in the case in Florida, a petition for leave to file a bill in the nature of a bill of review for the purpose of opening the decree in that court was then pending there, and submits a decision of the Supreme Court of the State of Florida, showiAg that by the decision of that court and the acts of assembly of Florida, the decree directing the partition of lands is not a final but an interlocutory decree.
lie also rages that he should not be charged with the 15,000 acres mentioned in the deed fr-om Arredondo, because the complainant makes his answer in the Florida case a part of her bill, and in that answer it is shown, that that deed is treated as void, and he has never claimed any thing under it, and that so far as it can be considered as a portion of his wife's interest in the estate, it is wholly merged in the decree for 60,000 acres in the suit in Florida.
On November 29th, 1848, defendant filed his affidavit, stating that since his petition for rehearing, the leave to file a bill in the nature of a bill of review in the court of Florida, referred to in said petition, had been granted in that court, that the bill had been accordingly filed, and that it had wholly suspended the execution of the decree there obtained -that he had answered that bill, and the same is at issue. That neither himself nor hi6 wife had as yet received one dollar in real, personal, or mixed property from Betts's estate.
On December 2d, 1848, the court, upon argument of the petition for rehearing, dismissed it, and thereupon the defendant prayed an appeal. Nearly all the testimony embraced in the residue of the record appears to bear upon the partnership relations and the interest of Betts in the Florida lands, facts which
are not disputed.

SUPREME COURT.
Lewis v. Darling.
But on page 77 it will be seen that the proceedings in a case in the court below between this appellant and Burr Hubbell Bets, (who is one of the legatees in the will of Samuel Betts,) were produced in evidence in the trial, and that the bill in those proceedings, which in its general nature resembles the present bill, refers to a certain portion of the property of Betts (the deceased) which had come into the hanis of the appellant by a conveyance there referred to as Exhibit C. That conveyance will be found on page 28 of record, and i.s a deed made by F. M. Arredondo to appellant and wife in 1831, stating that Samuel Betts had in his lifetime conveyed to the grantor certain property in trust for creditors, and the grantees having obtained from these creditors assignments of all their right and claim to the property, it was thereby conveyed to the grantees.
The first appeal was not taken within the time specified by law, and another appeal was granted 23d May, 1850.
This appeal, also, was not acted upon for the reason assigned on page 86, that a compromise was pending between the parties. In the mean time the case was docketed .and dismissed under the rule of this court, and accordingly a third appeal was granted, and is now prosecuted.
The case was argued by Mr. Reverdy Johnson, and Mr. Reverdy Johnson, junior, for the appellant, and by Mr. Butler, for
the appellee. The points made by the counsel for the appellant were the
following: 1st. The bill is materially defective for want of parties; the
wife of defendant, through whom alone Ae claims, and whose right he represents, being an essential pary to the proceedings. Story's Eq. Pl. § 75, 77, 137, 138; 22d and 52d Rules of Eq. Prac. -
2d. Neither the original nor the amended bill allege that all the personal property (whatever it was) had come into the possession of the defendAnt, nor that the part that did come, was sufficient to pay the legacy. Story's Eq. Pl. § 241, 257.
3d. Nor do they aver that in fact there was not sufficient personal property to pay the legacy. 1 Story's Com. Eq. § 571; Hoye v. Bewer, 3 Gill & Johns. 153.
4th. The effect of the plaintiff's replication being to admit the sufficiency of defendant's second answer, there is no evidence to authorize the decree against the defendant. Story's Eq. P1. § 877; 61st Rule Eq. Prac.
5th. If this be not the effect of the replication, yet the answer is distinct and'full, and there is no evidence that any property belongilg to the estate of Samuel Betts, ever came into the hands of the defendant, and he cannot be held liable "de bonis propriis." 1st Florida Rep. 455, Putnam v. Lewis.

DEC MBMER TERM, 1853.

7

Lewis v. Darling.

The points made by Mr. Butler, for the appellee, were the fol-
lowing : First. The specific legacy is charged upon the residuary le-
gacy of those who have a right to take it. Second. It is certain that the residuary legacy, now capable
of being reduced into possession br the residuary legatee, is
more than sufficient to pay off the specific legacy. Third. The replication of the complainant must be regarded
as evidence in the case, as it has not been contradicted by any
direct denial of the defendant, but must be regarded as a traverse of the assumptions of the answer. Story's Eq. Plead.
p. 793, 794, 801, 802. Fourth. Admitting the technical truth of the defendant in
his evasive answer, that the defendant (Lewis) has not received any property of the testator, Samuel Betts, still it appears that
he can receive, and is entitled by law to receive, property more
than sufficient to pay all the debts of the testator and the specific legacies contained in his will,
Fifth. The defendant having intermeddled with, and appro-
priated to himself an interest in, the estate of Samuel Betts, he cannot exonerate himself from liability to creditors without
making some such disclosure as would discharge him under a plea of plene administravit.
Sixth. The defendant ought not to be allowed to take any exception to the bill of the complainant at this stage of the
proceedings; if any exception could have been taken originally, (which the complainant contends could not,) such exception
may be regarded as having been waived by the defendant.
Story's Plead. p. 74, 89, 301, 302.

Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the court. We have verified the statemenit of the pleadings in -this case attached to the brief of the counsel for the appellant, by a comparison of it with the record, and shall adopt it for the purpose of giving our judgment upon this -appeal. Upon this statement, the counsel for the appellant urges five grounds for the reversal of the judgment. 1. It is said that the bill is materially defective for want of
parties, that the wife of the appellant, through whom alone he claims and whose rights he represents, ought to have been madc
a party. 2. That there is no allegation il the original or aftiended bill,
that alf the personal property of the testator had come into the hands of the appellant, or that -so much of it as he may have;. received, was sufficient to pay the legacy claimed by the appellee, Sarah Darling.

8

SUPREME COURT.

Lewis v. Darling.

3. That there is no averment in the bill that there was not
sufficient personal property to pay the legacy. 4. That the effect of the plaintiff's re lication being ail ad-
mission of the sufficiency of the defendant's second answer, there is no evidence to authorize the decree against the defendant.
.5. If this be not the effect of the replication, yet the answer
is distinct and full, and there is no evidence that any property
belonging to the estate of Samuel Betts ever came into the hands of the defendant, and that he cannot be liable de bonis
propris. We have given these points because they raise every objec-
tion-which can be made against the judgment of the court below, either upon the pleading or the merits of the case. NVe will discuss them" successively
The record certainly discloses the fact, that the wife of the appellant nas such an interest in the controversy, that no decree
can be given which will not affect it. She is the residuary legatee of her father, and all the property given by that clause
of his wvill became hers immediately upon his death. The interest which the appellant may have in it was acquired from his marriage with her, after her father's death. It is strictly
marital, and the extent of it during the coverture, or afterwards if he lives longer than his wife, depends upon the law of the sovereignty where the real estate may be, and, so far as the personal property is concerned, upon the investiture of it in the lega-
tee according to the law of her father's domicil at the time of his death. Or it may depend upon a marriage contract, if any was
made. We have not undertaken to sayr what that interesi is,
or may become. We have only intiniated upon what it may depend; and will further say, that~the clildren, in the event of
their mother's death, may atquire an interest in the property, independently of their father's control. 'If she be already dead, then such of the children as are siti jritis should be made parties to the plaintiff's bill. And if there are other children ,till minors, the court should have them made parties by a guardian of its appointment, excluding their father from such an office. As the case stands, it is not too late to amend the bill by malkifig the proper parties. The rule in equity, permitting it to be done, is this; that on the hearing of a cause, even upon an appeal, an order may be made for the cause to stand over, with liberty to the plaintiff to amend by adding proper parties, if it appears that the plaintiff is entitled to relief, but that it cannot be given for the want of proper parties. The equity of the plaintiff is sufficiently obvious in this case for the application of the rule. The proofs in the case show that she has a strong

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

9

Lewis v. Darling.

claim upon the appellant for the payment of the legacy for which she sues him. It is manifest that thp legacy has been
made by the testator a charge upon both the real and personal estate which he means to give to his daughter. It will not do, then, to permit it to be defeated in this suit by any mistake -or unskilfulness in pleading. We shall then reverse the judgment appealed from, in conformity with the first objection madz against it. But we will remand the cause to the Circuit Court for further proceedings, and for the proper parties to be made,
The stcond and third objections are also exceptions to the sufficiency of the plaintiff's pleadings. Itf is said, that there are no averments in the bill, that all the personal property of the testator had come into the possession of the appellant. And if any part had come, that it was sufficient to pay the legacy. And further, that the bill contains no averment, that there was not sufficient personal property to pay the legacy. These objections are made upon the supposition that the legacy, in this instance, cannot be charged upon the real estate of the testator 57 il it has been shown that there is not personal property enough to pay the legacy. That depends upon the intention, as it is to be collected from the residuary clause of the testator's Mill.
It is, "And as to all the rest and remainder of my property, debts, rights, and actions, of what kind and nature soever, that may belong or appertain to me, I iiame and appoint as my sole and universal heiress, the above named Maria Margaret J3etts, my lawfil daughter, in order that whatever there may appear to appertain and belong unto me, she may have and inherit the same, with the blessing of God and my own2' The testator's real and personal property are found blended by him in the clause together. lie leaves to his daughter all of his property, of every kind, which may remain after tie antecedent bcqucsts and devises in his will have been paid and given to the objects of his bounty. His daughter is to have "the rest and remainder of his property, debts, rights, and actions, of what kind and nature -soever." lIe had previously, in the will, declared that
his property consisted of one third in the House established in this city tnder the firm of Fernando de la Miza Arredondo and Son, and that it would appear from the accounts, bookU and other paipers of the company. And lie further declares that as both the debts due by him aud to him will appear by the books of the company, that he confides it to his partners to collect and pay thei. Ilis executors were not to have any thing to do with the collection and payment of his debts.
Their olice was to secure any surplus which ihere might be after his debts ,verv paid, and to apply it according to his will,

SUPRE3ME COURT.
Lewis v. Darling.
in the manner required by the law of Cuba, where the testator was domiciled at the time of his death. The testator then appoints an executor to fulfil his will in the United States, where he had no- personal property. Now it does not appear that either of his executors in Cba or in the United States ever undertook to administer the testator's estate.under his -will. Indeed, the reverse is to be taken for the fact, from the statement of the appellant. There can be, then, no personal property of the testator eo nornine in the United States over which a court of equity in the United States could he.ve any control for the payment of the legacy.
Nor is this a suit against a party, properly representing the testator, for the application of. his personal property to the payment of the legacies. Between the appellant.and the testator there is no official privity to give to him any of those rights or imposing upon him any of the obligations of an executorial trust. It is a suit against a defendant who is charged with having received large sums of money for which he is accountable, and which may be applied by a court of equity to the payment of the legacies bequeathed by the testator; and when that has been done, to the purposes of the residuary clause of his will. He is also charged with having under his control the real
estate of the testator without the sanction or authority of the executor who was appointed to administer it in the United States. The proofs in the record show i to be so. In such a case such averments as are called for by the second and third objections are not necessary. If this were not so, the language of the residuary clause of the will would make such avermeuts unnecessary. The testator has made bequests of money antecedently to that clause, without creating an express trust to pay them, and has blended the realty and pErsonalty of his estate together in one fund in the residuary clause. That of itself makes his bequests of money a charge upon the real estate, excluding from it the previous devises of land to Fenwick, Wallace, and to John and Fernando Arredondo.
The rule in such a case 'is, that where a testator gives several legacies, and then, without creating an express trust to pay them, makes a general residuary disposition of the whole estate, blending tile realty and personalty together in one fund, the real estate will be charged with legacies, for in such a case, tile "residue" can only mean what remains after satisfying the previous gifts. Hill on Trustees, 508. Such is the settled law both in England and in the United States, though'cases do not bftcn occur for its application. WVhere one does occur, a legatee may sue to recover the legacy, without distinpguishing in his"bill the estate into the twyo kiinds of realty and pers-onalty, because it

DECEMBER TERM. 1853.
Lewis v. Darling.
is the manifest intention of the testator that both should be charged with the payment of the money legacies. Nor does this conflict at all with that principle of equity jurisprudence, declaring that generally, the personal estate of the testator is the first fund for fhe payment of debts and legacies. The rule has its exceptions, and this is one of them.
Ambrey v. Middleton, 2 Eq. C. Abr. 479; Hassel v. Hassel, 2 Dick. 52q; Brudenell v. Boughton, 2 Atk. 268 ; Bench v. Biles, 4 Mad. 187; Cole v. Turner, 4 Russell, 376; Mlirehouse v. Scaife, 2 hL & Cr. 695,707-8; Edgell v. Haywood, 3 Atk. 358; Kidney v. Coussmaker, 1 Ves. Jr. 436; Nichols v. Postlethwaite, 2 Dall. 131; Hassanclever v. Tucker, 2 Binney, 525; Witman v. Norton, 6 Binn. 395; McLanahan v. Wyant, 1 Penn. 111; Adams v. Brackett, 5 Met. 280; Van Winkle v. Van Houten, 2 Green, Ch. 172; Downman v. Rust, 6 Rand. 587; Lupton v. Lupton, 2 Johns. Ch. Rep. 618, has been supposed to conflict with this rule, but it does not do so, for there it is said to be dependent upon the testator. The same is the case of Dudley v. Ardrews, in 8 Taunt.; and Paxson v. Potts, in 2 Green, Ch. 313 is a case in point with this case.
Wre now proceed to the consideration of the fourth and fifth objections.
It is denied in these points that there is any evidence to authorize a decree in favor of the plaintiff, even if her bill had proper parties. We think differently. The appellant is charged in the bill with having obtained a decvee in a court in Florida, in behalf of his wife, for sixty thousafid acres of land, It being the real estate of her father, and that it was worth more than one. hundred thousand dollars. He is also charged with having received large sums of money -of the estate of the testator, and that he has refused to pay the plaintiff's ]egacy. He is not charged with having received the money eo nornine as the personal estate left by the testator, but as money received for which he is accountable to the' estate. The difference between the two is obvious. He answers that he had not received as yet, of the estate of the testator, one cent of value. And when he answers concerning the real estate, he does not deny, but admits that he had obtained a decree in the State of Florida for the land of the testator. His a{nswers are made with such reserve that they must be considered as having been meant to keep fib&ra the plaintiff the discovery of what her bill seeks to obtain. The natural and candid reply of the appellant, from his unofficial connection with the testator's estate, should have been a disclosure of the condition of the real estate of the-testator - what had been done wifh it by himself;- what contracts had been made by himself in respect to it; wheth6r any arrangement

12

SUPREME COURT.

Lewis v. Darling.

or bargain had been made for the sale of any part of it; whether any money had been received, on account of it, or was to be paid to him. He should have made also a frank disclosure bow the personal estate of the testator had been administered by the parties and executors of the testator, if they had administered it at all, and how and to what extent he had received, or arranged to receive it, as a part of his wife's interest in her father's estate.
This admission is found in his petition for a rehearing of this
cause. In that he says that he has obtained a decree in the cQurt of Florida, in behalf of his wife, for sixty-two thousand acres of the grant of land which had been made in 1817, to Arredondo & Son, containing two hundred and eighty-nine thou-
sand six hundred and forty-five acres and five sevenths of an acre, of which the testator owned one third -that the grant had been confirmed and held to be valid by the Supreme Court of the United States; and that the grant had been located and surveyed under the authority of the government of the United States. Now it does not matter, for the purposes of this case, (the ownerships of the testator to one third of that grant having been admitted and proved,) that the writ of partition obtained for i" by the appellant in Florida is only interlocutory, in the sense that it is not final until the partition shall be made and returned to the court. The ownership of ':he land is determined by the decree of the Supreme Court of the United States, and the testator's legacies have been made by him a chaige upon it. The ownership of the testator of a part o:'"that land cannot be affected by any proceedings; finished or unfinished, in the courts of Florida.
Further,-there is proof in the record that the appellant has received for himself and his wife from Fernando A. Arredondo a conveyance for certain property which Betts, the testator, had conveyed to Arredondo and others in trust for the payment of sundry debts due at its date by the testator. Lewis, the appel-
lant, obtains for his wife and for himself assignments from the creditors of the testator of their demands, and takes a reconveyance of the property. What that propert'y is, does not appear, but whatever it may be it is liable, as well as the rest of the testator's property, for the payment of the legacy. Again, the appellant admits, and the proof is that he negotiated with the partners of the testator, for a conveyance of that portion of the Arredondo grant which was conveyed to -the testator in behalf of his wife. It appears to have been made by Arredondo, but not to the extent of the testator's interest On that account he rejected the deed tendered to him, and afterward obtained from the proper court in Florida a decree for 62,000 acres in behalf
of his -wifein that grant.

DECEMBER TER-M, 1853.

13

Lewis v. Darling.

We shall not pursue this part of the case further. We are satisfied that the merits of the controversy were not misunderstood by the learned judge in the court below.
It appears then, from the admissions and proofs in this case, that the appellant has substantially under his control a large property of the testatwr, which we think from his will that he meant to charge with the payment of the plaintiff's legacy, excluding, as we have said, the devises of land to Fenwick, 'Wallace, and Fernando and Joseph Arredondo. We repeat that it is a charge upon the rest of the real as well as the personal property of the testator. But he states that the real estate is in another sovereignty thaii that in which the plaintiff has sued, and is therefore out of the jurisdiction of this court to make any decree concerning it. It is true that the court cannot, in such a caze, order the land to be sold for the payment of any decree which it may make in favor of the plaintiff. But it is not without power to act efficiently to, cause the defendants to pay any such decree.
The land may be declared to be charged with the payment of the legacy so as to compel the parties who claim the same as the property of the testator to set off or sell a part of it for such purpose. And we further say, if, in the proceedings of the court below hereafter, it shall appear that the appellant has received or made arrangements to receive any fund or money equitably belonging to the testator, sufficient to pay her the plaintiff's legacy, that a decree may be made against him for application of it to that purpose.
We do not consider it necessary to say more in the case. We shall direct the judgment of the court below to be rever3ed, for the want of proper parties, and that the court shall allow them to be made parties, with such other amendments to be made by the plaintiff to her bill as the court may judge have not been put in issue by the bill with sufficient precision, and that a master shall be appointed to report upon the testator's
estate, and to take an account thereof.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Alabama, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said District Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby, reversed with costs, for the want of proper parties, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby rernanded to the District Court, in order that proper parties may be made, aud for further proceedings to be had therein,
in conformity to the opinion of this court.
!I

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

535

Barney v. Saunders et al.

AlAny E. BARNEY, BY HER NEXT FRIEND MAXWELL WOODHULL, APPELLANT, V. DAVID SAUNDERS, ROGER C. WEIGTIAN, AND SAMUEL C. BARNEY.
T[here we-e two trustees of real and personal estate for the benefit of a minor. One of the trustees was also administrator de bonis non upon the estate of the father of the minor; and the other trustee was appointed guardian to the minor.
Wl9,en the minor arrived at the proper age, and the accounts came to be settled, the following rules ought to have been applied.
'l'lh tru~tc[s ought not to have been charged with an amount of money, which the administrator trustee had paid himself as commission. Ti,at item was allowed by the Orphans' Court, and its correctness cannot be reviewed, collaterally, by another court.
N-or ought the trustees to have been charged with allowances made to the guardian trustee. The guarstian's accounts also were cognizable by the Orphans' Court. Having power under the will to receive a portion of the income, the guardian's receipts were valid to the trustees.
The trustees were properly allowed and credited by five per cent. on the principal of the personal estate, and ten per cent. on the income.
Under the circumstances of this ease, the trustees ought not to have been charged upon the principle of six months rests and compound interest.
The trustees ought to have been charged with all gains, as with those arising from usurious loans, unknown friends, or otherwise.
The trustees ought not to have been credited with the amount of a sum of money, dep sited with a private banking house, and lost by its failue, so far as related to the capital of the estate, but ought to have been credited for so much of the loss as qrf-se from the deposit of current collections of income.
Tis was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington.
The facts in the case are stated in the opinion of the court.
It was argued by Mr. CMIton and Mr'. Linton, for the appellant, and by M11r. Lawrence and 1r. Bradley, for the appellees.
The points made by the counsel for the appellant were the following.
I. That the trustees should have been charged with the thirty. five shares of Bank of MIetropolis stock and the dividends ac. truing thereupon, alleged to have been sold in 1836 by defend. ant, 1). Saunders, to satisfy his commission as administrator de bonis non of Edward DeKraft, he not being entitled to such commission, and not having the right to sell the bank stock without the order of the Orphans' Court.
Dorsey's Testamentary Laws of Maryland, 90, §§ 3, 4; Hil] on Trustees, 31; 4 Ves. 497; Pocock v. Reddington, 5 Yes. 799; 2 Story's Equity, 1263; Pierson v. Shore, 1 Athyns, 480; 5, Peters, 562; 5 Gill & Johns. 60-64; Gist t-. Cockey and Fendall, 7 Har. & Johns. 135; McPherson v. Lracl, 6 Gill & Johns. 63, 64; 12 Id. 84.
II. Thatthe trustees should not have been credited by the

SUPREME COURT.
Barncy v. Saundcrs et al.
sums .of money alleged to have been p.id R. C. Weightman, as guardian of plaintiff in error. That the will of Edward ODeKraft creating the trust did not give the trustees such power or authority, nor was the same warranted by the facts of the case. The trustees should have invested. said moneys in bank or other stocks, or put the same out at interest upon good and sufficient security, as directed by the will.
Hill on Trustees, 395, 400, 40-, 574; 1 Rop. on Leg.568; Dorsey's Testamentary Laws of Maryland, :.14, '8, p. 115, § 13; Brodess t. Thompson, 2 Harris & Gill, 120; 3 Harris & Johns. 268; Hatton and Weems, 35-110.
III. That the trustees should not have been allowed and credited by 5 per cent. on the principal of the personal estate, and 10 per cent. on the income, as was done by the auditor. That they shQuld not be allowed any commission at all, either upon the principal or income of the estate. That in any event they should not be credited by any commission upc n the amount of principal never collected -upon the amount of the bank and other stocks. Winder v. Diffenderffer, 2 Bland, 207; Miller ?,. Beverly, Beverly v. Miller, 4 Hening & Munford, 420; Ringgold v. Ringgold, 1 Harris & Gill, 11, 109; Gwynn v. Dorsey, 4 Gill & Johns. 460; 3 lb. 348; Harland's Account, 5 Rawle's Reports, 323.
IV. That the auditor did not charge the trustees upon the principle of six months' rest and compourd interest. De Peyster v. Clarkson and others, 2 Wendell, 77; Schieffelin v. Stewart, 1 Johns. Ch. R. 620; Garniss v. Gardiner, 1 Edwards's Ch. 130; Harland's accounts, 5 Rawle's Rep. 323; 2 Story's Equity, 517521; Tucker's Commentaries, 457; Raphael v. Boehm, 11 Ves. 92; Ringgold v. Ringgold, 1 Harris & Gill, 11; Wright v. Wright, 2 McCord, 1.5; Voorhees 7. Stoothoff, 6 Halsted's Rep. 145; Tebbs v. Carpenter, 1 Mad. R. 305; Dunscoml- v. Dunscomb, 1 Johns. Ch. Rep. 508; 5 Johns. Ch. Rep. 497.
V. That the trustees should have been charged by the auditor with all gains, as with those arising from usurious loans, unknown friends, or otherwise. 2 Story, §§ 1210, 1211, 1261; Holton v. Bern, 3 Stu. 88, (note); 1 Johns. Chancery Rep. 625; 4 1b. 284, 308; 2 Kent's Commentaries, 230; Story on Contracts, 485; Hill on Trustees, 83; Walker v. Symonds, 3 Swans. 58.
VI. That the trustees should not have been credited by the loan to- Fowler & Co. or any part thereof. Hill on Trustees, 368-378, 404; 2 Story's Equity, 509-513; Tebbs v. Carpenter, 1 Maddock's Rep. 305; 3 P. Williams, 100, (note); Ringgold v. Ringgold, 1 Harris & Gill's Rep. 12; 1 McCord's Ch. Rep. 250, 495.

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

537

Barney v. Saunders et al.

VII. That the trustees, Saunders and Weightman, should have been dismissed, and others appointed in their place.

The points made by the counsel for. the appellees were the following.
Firs. The court was right in not charging the trustees with the thirty-five shares of the Bank of the Metropolis, sold by Saunders, administrator de bonis non, to pay his commission.
1. Administration was necessary in order to pass the trust property to the trustees. This gave the right to commissions.
2. The maximum of ten per cent. can be exceeded. 3. The allowance to Saunders was in Aprij 1836. and the final allowance to the administratrix, who did'not settle the whole estate, was in 1846, and it should have been taken from that account. 4. The allowance of seven and a half per cent. to the .administratrix enured to the benefit of the complainant, she being her only child.
5. The allowance to Saunders was made by the Orphans' Court before the money was paid over to the trustees, and is conclusive.
In addition to the authorities cited by the auditor, see Jones v. Stockett, 2 Bland's Ch. 416.
Second. The trustees were properly credited with the amounT paid to R. C. WVeightman, as guardian.
1. His accounts as guardian were not before the auditor for settlement and examination. The parties and their counsel were there, and the auditor ceritifies to the court, "the- guardianship trust of Mr. \Veightman has been settled, as was admitted before me by the counsel of both parties."
2. Under the will, the guardian had the right to receive the three fourths of the income.
3. The object of the trust was to provide for the maintenance and education of his daughter. If the accounts of the guardian are to be considered in evidence, they show that this was the only fund out of which these objects could have been satisfied. No charge is made in them for these objects.
4. His accounts, as guardian, are open for revision in the Orphans' CourL
Third. The allowance of five per cent. on the personal estate, and ten per cent. on the income, is right.
1. It is the rule in most of the States to allow commissions to trustees. Boyd v. Hawkins, 2 Dev. Eq. 334.
The cases on this point have been collected with care, and will be found in the Notesuof American Cases -to the case of Robinson v. Pett, 2 White & Tudor's Equity Cases, 353 and ihe following.

538

SUPREXE COURT.

Barney v. Saunders et al.
2. The rule has been l6 ng settled in Maryland; and, 3. It has been fully adopted by the Circuit Court of the Dis.
.frict of Columbia. Fourth. The court has charged the defendants with interest,
making annual rests. There is no appeal by the defendants;
but if that point is open, they will insist that no interest ought
to have been charged against them. The liability of a trustee to pay interest depends upon the
money being held or appropriated accor6ing to, or in violation of, the purposes of the trust. Sandford, 404; and the principle is, that he should be charged with what he did make or might lawfully have made. MeNair v. Ragland, 1 Dev. Eq. 517,524; "Spazhawk v. Buel, 9 Vermont, 42, 82.
The general rule is to allow a trustee (having power to invest) a reasonable discretion, and for simple neglect to charge simple
interest until the investment is made, and only for an intentional violation of duty, or a corrupt use of the money, to make rests, or, according to the circumstances, compound the interest as the measure of profits are undisclosed. 5 Johns. Ch. 517; 4 Barb. Sup. Ct. 649; 2 W. & S. 565; 1 Pick. 528, note; 10 Pick. 104; 1 Rob. Vir. 213; 5 Dana, 73, 132; 12 Ala. 355; 6 Geo, 271; 2 Dev. & Bat. 339 ; 4 Humph. 215; 6 Halst. 145;
1 H. & G. 80; 3 G. & J. 342. The English rule is essentially the same.
Fifth. There is no exception upon which the complainant's fifth point can rest. If it is now open, the defendants rest on the view taken by the auditor.
Sixth. The trustees were entitled to credit for the deposit 'with Fowler & Co.
The facts in regard to this deposit will be found in the answers of the defendants Saunders and 'Weightman, in the evidence.
The substance is, that by the will the trustees were to invest the income in bank or other stocks, or good security, with power to sell the real estate and invest the proceeds in other real estate, bank, or other stocks, and if in
real estate, that was to be in some of the cities north or east of the city of Washington. In 1338, the banks in the city had suspended specie payments. Their charters were about to expire, and the several laws were passed, to which
reference is made. The trustees had a discretion. They also had a right to
retain a sum to meet the contingencies .of the estate. One of the original loans was in part repaid, and the ordinary income was coming in. They consulted counsel. -Acting -under his advice, anl exercising a sound discretion, they de-

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

539

Barney v. Saunders et al.

posited the fund with bankers in good credit, on an agreement to allow the depositors six per cent. It was a deposit, not a loan -a deposit awaiting investment -a deposit where their own funds and those of other discreet business men was made- a deposit of funds received *fromaccruing income of the estate in small sums, and in money not bankable, at a period of great irregularity and pressure in the money market; and a deposit where such funds were earning money instead of being idle. The auditor credited a portion only. The court allowed the whole sum.
If the trustees acted- in good faith, exercised a sound discretion, kept the money, or deposited it from necessity or convenience, used ordinary care and diligence in the mode of keeping it, acted under the advice of counsel, and were actuated by a sincere desire to promote the interest of the trust estate, they are not to be charged with the loss.
They can only be charged in a case of clear negligence, perversion of the trust, or wilful default. Morley v. Morley, 2 Chan. Ca. 2; Knight v. Earl of Plymouth, 3 Atk. 480; Jones v. Lewis, 2 Vez. Sen. 240; 5 Ves. 144; Rowth v. Howell, 3 Ves. 564; Ambl. 419; Thompson v. Brown, 4 Johns. Ch. 628, 629; 10 Pet. 568, 569; 3 G. & J. 341; 11 G. & J. 203; 8 Gill, 403, 428-30, and cases therein cited.

Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court. The complainant, Mary E. Barney, is the only daughter of Edward DeKraft, who devised all his real estate and the residue of his personal estate to respondents, Saunders and Weightman, (together with Joseph Pearson, since dead,) on the following trusts: 1st. To permit the widow to 6njoy during life or widowhood certain portions of the trust estate. 2. In trust to receive the rents, interest, dividends, &c., and to pay over quarterly to his widow, until his daughter Mary arrived at the age of 18, three fourths of the said rents and profits for the support and maintenance of herself and daughter, and 3dly. To lay out and invest the residue of the said rents and profits, &c., with the annual produce thereof, from time to time in bank or other stocks or on good security. 4th. At the death of the widow, the trustees to hold the es tite with its increase for the sole and separate use of the daugh.er; and with numelous other provisions not necessary to be stated, for the purposes of this case. The widow of the testator refused to take under the will, and claimed her legal rights; the executors also renounced, and letters of administration, with the will annexed, were granted to the widow.

540

SUPREME COURT.

Barnfey v. Saunders et al.

Mrs. DeKraft died in October, 1834, leaving the complainant, her only child, then about four years of age. At her death the trustees went into possession of the trust estate. Saunders, one of the trustees, took out letters of administration de bonis non to the estate of DeKraft; received the assets of the estate, which
remained unconverted, and transferred them to himself and Weightman. as trustees.
In 1836, Weightman was appointed guardian of the person and property of the complainant.
Besides the real estate, consisting of four houses in the city, ,the personal propertr transferred to the trustees, in mortgages and stocks, amounted to about $17,000.
The complainant interman4ed with Lieut. Barney, in 1847, and attained the age of 18, in August, 1848. In March, 1849, the bill in this case was filed, charging the trustees with divers breaches of trust, demanding their removal; an account of the trust estate, and the appointment of a receiver. The respondents filed their answer, and an account, -which was referred to a master or auditor, who made report in October, 1850.
Numerous exceptions were made to this report by the complainant, which were overruled by the court below, to whose judgment this appeal is taken.
We shall notice those only which have been urged by the
counsel in this court. The first is '
"I. That, the trustees should have been charged with the thirty-five shares of Bank of the Metropolis stock and the dividends accruing thereupon, alleged to have been sold in J836 by
defendant, D. Saunders, to satisfy his commission as hdministrator de bonis non of Edward DeKraft, he not being entitled to such commission, and not having the right to sell the bank
stock without the order of the Orphans' C:urt." The acts of D. Saunders as administrator de bonis non of De-
Kraft are not the subject of review in this suit. He settled his
accoun t as administrator in the Orphans' Court, and the allowances made there cannot be reviewed .collaterally in another court, in a suit in which a different trust is involved. The appellant may possibly have good reason to complain that her estate has been almost devoured by the accumulation of per centages it has been compelled to pay to the numerous hands through which it has passed, but must have her remedy, if any, by demanding a review of the accounts in the court which has, in -the exercise of its jurisdiction, allowed them. We are of opinion, therefore, that this exception has not been sustained.
O. The second exception is to the allowance of a credit to
the trustees for sums paid to Weightman, as. guardian of the
complainant.

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

541

Larney v. Saunders et al.

*What has been said in reference to the first exception will

apply to this. Weightnan's accounts, as guardian, were not be-

fore the auditor for settlement; and the guardian being entitled

under the will to ieceive a portion (not to exceed three fourths)

of the income, and apply it, if necessary, to the maintenance and education of his ward, his receipts would be good and valid

vouchers to the trustees.

The guardian's account is open for revision in the Orphans'

Court, on the petition of the complainant.

While on this subject, we would'take the opportunity to re-

mark, on the impropriety of appointing persons to trusts, how-

ever high their personal character may be, who are allowed to

pay from their right hand into their left; as where A, as ad-

ministrator, has to settle an account with A as trustee; and B, as

trustee, to deal with B a§ guardian. To instance the present

case: Saunders, the trustee, whose duty it was to scrutinize the

accounts of the administrator de bonis non, from whom they re-

ceive the trust estate, is himself appointed administrator, and

thus left without a check, or any one to call him to strict ac-

count except his co-trustee, for many years, and until the ward

comes of age. NVeightman, the other trustee, is appointed

guardian, being the only person who for many years could call

to account the trustees for any negligence, mismanagement, or

fraud. Thus the estate of the infant is left at the mercy of

chance, the solvency or insolvency, the negligence or fraud of

the trustees for sixteen years or more, with no one to call them

to account. That the persons appointed in this particular case

were highly honorable men, is true; but the same rule should

be applied in all cases. If the estate of the infant in this case

has been so fortunate as to escape, it is an accident or exception, which cannot affect the propriety of a general rule. Ex-

perience has shown that the estates of orphans are more fre-

quently wasted and lost by the carelessness of good-natured and

honorable men who- undertake to act as trustees, than by the

fraud and cupidity of men of a different character.

Such appointments, we are aware, are generally iaade on ex

parte applications, and without object:on. But in all cases the

court, exercising this important power, should remember that orphans are under their special protection,-and should make no

appointments of guardians of their estates without due inquiry

and proper information.

III. The third exception is,

" That the trustees should not have been allowed and credited

by five per cent. on the principal of the personal estate, and ten

per cent. on the income, as was done by the auditor; that they

should not be allowed any commission at all, either upon the

VOL XVI.

46

SUPREME CO RT.
Barney v. Saunders et al.
principal or income of the estate; that in any event they should not be credited by any commission upon the amount of princi1al never collected, upon the amount of bank and other stocks."
In England, courts of equity adhere to the principle which has its origin in the Roman law, "that a trustee shall not profit by his trust," and therefore that a trustee shall have no allowance for his care and trouble. A different rule prevails generally, if not universally, in this country. Here it is considered just and reasonable that a trustee should receive a fair compensation for his services; and in most cases it is guaged by a certain per centage on the amount of the estate. The allowances made by the auditor in this case are, we believe., such as are customary in similar cases, in M'aryland and this district, -here the trustee has performed his duties with honor and integrity. But on principles of policy as well as morality, and in order to insure
a fait~iful and honest execution of a trust, as far as practicable, it woald be inexpedient to allow a trustee who has acted dishonestly or fraudulently. the same compensation with him who has acted uprightly in all respects. And there may be cases where negligence and want of care may amount to a want of good faith in the execution of the trust as little deserving of compensation as absolute fraud. If trustees, having a large estate to invest and accumulate for the benefit of an infant, for a number of years, will keep no books of account, make out no annual or other account of their trust estate; if they risk the trust funds in their own speculations; lend them to their relations -without security; and in other ways show a reckless disregard of the duties which they have assumed, they can have but small claim on a court of equity for compensation in any shape or to any amount.
But while the court agree in these principles, they are equally divided in opinion as to the application of them to the present case. The decision of the auditor and the court below on this exception must therefore stand affirmed.
IV. The fourth exception is, "that the auditor did not charge the trustees upon the principle of six months' rest and compound interest."
On the subject of compounding interest on trustees, there is, and indeed could not well be, any uniform rule which could justly apply to all cases. When a trust'to invest has been grossly and wilfully neglected; where the funds have been used by the trustees in their own business, or profits made of which they'give no account, interest is compoun-ded as a punishment, or as a measure of damage for undisclosed profits and in place of them. For mere neglect to invest, simple interest only is generally imposed. Six months rests have been made only

DECEMIBER TERTM, 1853.

543

Barney v. Saunders Ct al.

where the amounts received were large, and such as could be easily and at all times invested.
The auditor in this case has made yearly rests. In calculating the interest on the loans, he says, " it has been charged upon the days on which it became due, first applied to the disbursements, and the balance struck at the end of each year 4nd interest calculated on such balances while unemployed, but such interest has not been carried into the receipts of the succeeding year, but into a separate column, and the aggregate of interest
fbr all the years on these balances is added to the principal at the foot of the account. In this I have followed the rule in
Grernbary's Case, 1 Wash. R. 246, and Leigh, 348." In this way he alleges, that "compound interest is in effect
given on the loans, and simple interest upon the annual balances while they were-uninvested, allowing a month after the termination of each rest to make the investment."
As the sums received by the trustees in this case were small, and as three fourths of the annual income were liable to be called for by the guardian for the use of his ward, we are of opinion the auditor has stated the account in this respect with fairness and discretion. The fourth -exception is therefore not
sustained.
V-. The fifth exception is, "that the trustees should have been
charged by the auditor with all gains, as with those arising from usurious loans, unknown friends, or otherwise."
It is a well-settled principle of equity, that wherever a trustee,
or one standing in a fiduciary character, deals with the trust estate for his own personal profit, he shall account to the cestui que trust for all the gain which he has made. If he uses the trust money in speculations, dangerous though profitable, the
risk will be his own, but the profit will inure to the cestui que trust. Such a rule, though rigid, is necessary to prevent malversation. See Docker v. Somes, 2 My. & K. 655.
The money used in purchase of the house, having been settled by the transfer of the same to the complainant, the subjectmatter of the present exception has been confined to the usurious interest received. It amounts only to the sum of sixty-six dollars. The auditor and the court erred in not charing that sum to the accountants. They cannot be allowed to aver that the profits made on the trnst funds should be put in their own pockets, because they were unlawful gains, for fear that the consciene, of the cestui que trust should be defiled by a participation in them. To indulge trustees in such an obliquity of conscience, would be holding out immunity for misconduct and an inducement to speculate with the trust funds, and -put them
in peril.

SUPREME COURT.
Barney v. Saunders et al.
This exception is therefore sustained. VI. The sixth exception is, "that the trustees should not have been credited by -the loan to Fowler & Co. or any part thereof." This is the most important point in the case. The facts affecting it are reported by the auditor, as follows: "C. S. Fowler & Co. were brokers in this city, dealing in exchange, loans, and all the usual business of such an establishment; and, in addition, issued notes which formed a part of the circulating medium of the city. They also received deposits and allowed interest at six per cent., permitting the depositor to check on the amount to his credit at pleasure. The establishment was in good credit in 1841, and up to the failure, in the early part of 1842, many of the business men of the city deposited their funds with them. On the 22d of May, 1841, Mr. Saunders placed with Fowler & Co. $1,181 under the following agreement, entered in a pass or check book:
" CITY OF WASHINGTON, 22 May, 1841.
"We hereby agree with D. Saunders, acting trustee of Edw. DeKraft's estate, to receive his deposits and to allow him sLx per cbnt. interest thereon, he to check at will.
C. S. FOWLER & Co."
And an account was opened in said pass-book, headed thus: "Dr. - C. S. Fowler & Co., in account with D. Saunders, acting trustee of Edw. DeKraft's estate - Cr," Other sums wvere afterwards added, and on the 3d of February, 18-12, when the last-was made, they amounted to $5,277.33, and the cheeks to $2,306.69; to the 1st of December, 1841, the checks amounted to $1,312, and the deposits to $3,133.88, leaving $1,825.83 undrawn in the bands of Fowler & Co. The sums received from Cooper, and left with Fowler & Co., amounfed to $1,876, and the other sums placed with them prior to the 1st of December, 1841, to $1,261.88, within $50.12 of the amount checked out up to this time. The first sum paid in ($1,181) was a payment made on the same 22d of May, by Cooper, on account of the principal and interest due on his mortgage. The $1,700 paid on the 17th of August was also a part of Cooper's debt. The $800 paid in on the 3d of February, was a part of Jones's mortgage debt. The residue is supposed to have'been the curreat collections of the trustees from rents, dividends, &c. " On the 14th March, 1842,.Fowler & Co. failed. No interest had been calculated or paid. The account was balanced after the failure, when $2,970.96, were found standing to the credit of Saunders, as acting trustee. It is a total loss. The

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

545

Barney v. Saunders et al.

credit of Fowler & Co. was good up to the time of their failure."
Before placing the trust fund i-ith Fowler & Co. the trustees took the opinion of counsel, whether they could safely do so. It was in evidence, also, that at any time within the last ten years two or three thousand dollars could have been safely loaned on mortgage of real estate in this city.
By the decision of the auditor the trustees were charged with those portions of the Fowler deposit which were composed of the original capital paid in by Cooper before December, and t1e residue of that loss, composed of their current annual col-
lections and of Jones's payment in February, on account of the original debt, was allowed as a credit.
The court below overruled this decision of the auditor, and ordered the charge against the trustees of $2,521.53, on this account, to be stricken out. We are of opinion, that the court below erred in making this correction of the auditor'g report.
The reasons given by the auditor, including the peculiar facts of the case and the principles of law applicable to them, are well stated in his report, and we fully concur in their correctness. It will be only necessary to state them.
" The sums placed by D. Saunders, as acting trustee, with Fowler & Co., were of two descriptions - original capital, and current collections. Cooper's and Jones's payments were of the former description; 1. As to those, the general rule seems to be that a trustee, though compensated for his services, is bound to take no greater care of the trust funds than a prudent man would of his owi,. 2 Story's Eq. § 1268. But at the same time if the line of-his duty is prescribed he must, according to Mr. Lewvin, (p. 413,) "strictly pursue it., without swerving to the -ight hand or the left;" and if he fail to do so, andkeep funds, which ought to be invested, longer on deposit than necessary, and loss' occur, he must bear the loss. Whatever doubt may he entertained as to the duty of the trustees in this case, to invest the surplus annual income beyond the fourth, it is thought there can be no doubt as to their obligation to reinvest the original loans and debts of the testator, when paid in. If this be so, then were these sums paid by Cooper and Jones to the trustees, and by them placed with Fowler & Co., a loan or deposit with them.
They were repayable with interest at pleasure. " It looks very much like a loan, payable with interest, on de-
mand. And if a loan, clearly the trustees are liable, because made without security of any description. The directions of the will are to invest on some'security "in bank or other stocks,
mortgages or other good security," words which exclude personal security. But the trustees, in their answers, deny it was a loan,
46*

546

SUPREME COURT.

Barney v.' Saunders et al.

and state that these sums were deposits made to await a fit opportunity of investment.
"Assuming them'to be such, the proof is that mortgages could be obtained at any time in this city. But trustees shall be allowed a reasonable time to select.investments. What is a
reasonable time? Five months have been held to be an unreasonable time to keep money on deposit. Coper's first payment was left with Fowler & Co. nearly ten months before the failure, from May, 1841 to March, 1842, and his second, seven months, from
August to March. Jones's was left February 3, 1842- not quite six weeks before the failure. Cooper's would seem to have been on deposit waiting for investment too long, and therefore I have
charged the trustees with those sums, deducting the arrear of interest due from him, and deeming three months not to be an unreasonable time to be allowed for selecting investments, have charged interest from that time. By that rule, Jones's payment of original capital would not be chargeable to the trustees."
We concur also in the decision of the audihor as to his refusal to charge the trustees with the balance arising from current collections and the payment of Jones, made within six weeks of the failure. The funds were deposited where the accountants deposited their own private funds. The trust funds were not
mingled with their own. Other prudent and discreet men made deposits with the same bankers. The advice of counsel was taken. There was no reason to suspect the solvency of the bankers. On the whole, we do not think the trustees have acted with such want of prudence or discretion as to render them liable for the loss of this portion of the funds.
VII. As the whole trust estate has been delivered over to the cestui que trust, and as the trustees hold only the bare legal estate for the purpose of prqtecting the complainant in the enjoyment of it from the debts and control of her husband, the exception taken to the action of the court below in refusing to remove them, becomes of no importance, and has not been insisted on.
The decree of the court below is therefore reversed, as to the fifth and sixth exceptions above stated - and affirmed as to the residue. And the record remitted to the court below, with directions to amend the decree in conformity with this decision.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it iE now

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

547

Southard et al. v. Russell.

here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court; that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed with costs, and that this cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the said Circuit Court for further proceedings to be had therein in conformity to the opinion of this
court.

DANIEL R. SOUTHARD, SAMUEL D. TOMPKINS, WILLIAM L.
THOMPSON, MATILDA BURKS, JOSEPH R. TUNSTALL, JOHN BURKS, JAMES BURKS, SAMUEL BURNS, CHARLES BURKS, AND MUARY BURKS (the four last named by WILLIAM L. THOmP-
SON, their next friend,) v. QILBERT C. RUSSELL.
A bill of review, in a chancery case, cannot be maintained where the newly discovered evidence, upon which the bilplurports to be founded, goes to impeach the character of witnesses examined in the original suit.
Nor can it be maintained where the newly discovered evidence is merely cumulative, and relates to a collateral fact in the issue, not of itself, if admitted, by any means d&cisive or controlling: such as th6 question of adequacy of price, when the main question was, whether a deed was a deed of sale or a mortgage.
Where a case is decided by an appellate court, and a mandate is sent down to the court below to carry out the decree, a bill of review will not lie in the court below to correct errors of law alleged on the face of the decree. Resort must be had to the appellate court.
Nor will a bill of review lie founded on newly.discovered evidence, after the publication or decree below, where a decision has-taken place on an appeal, unless the right is reserved in the decree of the appellate court, or permission be given on an application to that court directly forthe purpose.
THIS was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the Uniteu States for the District of Kentucky, sitting as a court of equity.
Being a continuation of the case of Russell v. Southard and others, reported in 12 Howard, 139, it is proper to take it up from the point where that report left it.
In 12 Howard, 159 it is said, "After the opinion of the court was pronounc.ed, a motion was made on behalf of the appellees for a rehearing and to remand the ecuse to the Circuit Court for farther preparation and proof, upon the ground that new and material evidence had been discoyered since the case was heard and decided in that court. Sundry ;tffidavits were filed, showing the nature of the evidence which was said to have been discovered."
The reporter abstained from stating the substance of these affidavits in consequence of the following order, which was indorsed upon them in the handwriting of Mr. Chief JuStice Taney.
"The court direct me to say, that these affidavits are not to be inserted in the report, as they implicate the character of indi-

80

SUPREM1E COURT.

Yerger v. Jones et al.

JOHN C. YERGER, APPELLANT, V. WILLIAM I. JONES, AND ROBERT S. BRANDON, EXECUTORS OF' WILLIAm BRANDON,
DECEASED.
Where a person who was actipg as guardian to a minor, but without any l'gal anthority,being indebted to the minor, contracted to purchase real estate for the benefit of his wird, and transferred his own property in part payment therefor, the ward cannot claim to receive from the vendor the amount of property so transferred.
He can either complete the purchase by paying the balance of the purchase-money, or set aside the contract and look to his guardian for reimbursement; but in te absence of fraud, he cannot compel the vendur to returnsuckpart of the purchasemouey as had been paid by the guardian.
THIS was an appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Alabama, sitting as a court of equity.
It was a bill filed by John C. Yerger, a minor, suing by his next friend, against William Brandon in-his lifetime, and aftei his death revived against his executors.
The material facts in the case were -not disputed; but the controversy depended upon the construction put upon those facts.
In 1835, Albert Yerger, the father of the appellant, and .a citizen of Tennessee, made a nuncupative will and died. In this will he expressed his desire that, with certain exceptions, all his property should be equally divided between his wife and son. There was also this clause-in it; and he also stated he wished Col. James W. Cpmp td manage his plantation, and to have discretionary power as to its management, and to sell it if he thought it most beneficial to do so; and he desired, and declared hisCwamillptorbeme, otvheadt hiinst'osonMsahdoiusoldn have his plantation.
county, Alabama, at some period which is not exactly stated in the record, but probably about 1837. He carried with him some eight or ten negroes, which belonged to the boy. of ItnruAstutgouJsta,m1e8s42W, a.nMd cMCaluyn, g1,8f4o3r, Camp executed two deeds
the benefit of certain creditors. . On the 14th of August, 1843, McClung had a sale of the property, when William Brandon purchased i:he tract of land upon which Camp lived, containing nine hundred and sixty acres.
On the 23d of August, 1848, Camp made an arrangement with Brandon to this effect, viz. that Carap should repurchase the land from Brandon for eight thousand dollars, give his note for that sum payable in tWo years with interest, and convey cer-

DECEMBER TER1, 1853.

31

Yerger v. Jones et al.

tain property to him as security. Brandon, on his part, gave to Camp a bond of conveyance.
The language made use of in these instruments was as follows:
In the first it is said "Whereas the said James W. Camp, as guardian of said John C. Yerger, and for the benefit of said John C. Yerger, hath this day purchased, &c., &c., &c."
The note was as follows:
HUNTSVILLE, August 23, 1843. Within two years from the date above, 1, James W. Camp, as guardian of John C. Yerger, promise to pay William Brandon eight thousand dollars with interest from date, being the amount which I, as guardian, have agreed to give the said William Brandon for the tract of land whereon I now live, for the benefit of said John C. "Yerger. Tu testimony whereof I hereunto set my hand and seal.
JAMES W. CAMP. [SEAL.]

The conveyance to Brandon to secure the above note included a considerable amount of personal property, and ran as fol-
lows:
To have and to hold all the above described property to said William Brandon, his executors, administrators, or assigns forever. Upon trust, nevertheless, that said Brandon shall take immediate possession of all the above described property; that he shall gather said -- ops and sell them, and all the other property above described, either at public or private sale, as may appear best, for ready money; that said Brandon may retain out of the
proceeds of sales reasonable compensation for his trouble and expense in executing the trust hereby created; and the said Brandon shall apply the residue of said proceeds to the payment, as far as they will extend, of the debts first above mentioned, all to be done'as early as practicable; and the said William Brandon hereby covenants, to and with the said James W. Camp, that he, the said William Brandon, will faithfully execute the trusts above reposed in him, but without being responsible for losses beyond his control.
From August, 1843, to January, 1845, Brandon continued to make sales of the property, sometimes at public auction and sometimes at private sale.
On the first of January, 1844, Camp made .out an account between himself and Yerger, by which it appeared that he owed Yerger on that day, (chiefly for the hire of negroes,)
$8,017.29. In 1845, Camp died insolvent. On the 4th of October, 1847, Yerger filed his bill, reciting
most of the above facts, and charging

SUPREME COURT.
Yerger v. Jones et al.
That Camp, as guardian of complainant, contracted on 23d of August, 1843, with the defendant, to purchase of defendant for the use of complainant, certain real estate mentioned in the bond of conveyance, executed by defendant to Camp, as guard. ian. The complainant charges that Cam': had no authority by the laws of Alabama to convert his ward's personal into real estate, at least without the direction of a court of equity, which was not obtained; and that said contract was prejudicial to the complainant, as the property was not worth more than half of what Camp, as guardian, agreed to giye for it; that to secure the payment, Camp, on 23d August, 1843, executed a deed of trust, filed with the bill. By sales of property under this, deed of trust, .and otherwise, Camp paid the defendant 5 or $6,000 on account of the purchase, and the present bill alleges, that these payments are to be regarded in equity as- payments made on account of the complainant, and out of funds in the hands of Camp as his guardian; -that he is entitled to have the contract rescinded and the money previously paid to defendant paid to complainant with interest; that Camp died in Alabama on 9th October, 1845, wholly insolvent, and there was no administration upon his estate. The bill further states, that the defendant claims a large balance on account of the tontract, for which complainant would be responsible in case
the contract.is binding. The defendant, William Brandon, put in his answer, admit.
ting the Exhibit C to bill, and the sale of the land, and the con. tract thereby shown; and also Exhibit D to bill, the deed of trust from Camp to him, stating that he sold all the property embraced in that deed (except Z. few articles referred to) for $5,2S4.23, and retained out of said proceeds, agreeably to the provisions of the deed, $1,86.8.47, as a reasonable compensation for gathering the crops and selling the property, and refers to his Exhibit H, as his account of sales, with his charges for expenses and trouble. He then states, that a-short time after the execution of the deed of trust, two parties having executions against Camp, levied upon certain articles contained in the deed of trust; for which they and the sheriff levying, were sued by the defendant, and judgment for $1,607.38 obtained against them, .which sum the defendant collected; but he claims that counselfees for prosecuting that matter,'the amount of which is not yet ascertained, should be deducted from the amount of the judgment; states that, with these exceptions, nothing else had been received by him on account of the land, and there still remained a balance due; admits that Camp died insolvent; that at the time of his death, and for many years previous, he resided in Alabama; he died intestate, and no administration had ever

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

33

Yerger v. Jones ot al.

been taken out upon his -estate; that complainant's father lived in Tennessee and there died, while the complainant was quite a small boy, and that he is a minor; that, some years
ago, Camp brought complainant to Alabama, "where he kept and treated him as a member of his family, and seemed to control him and his property." But he denies that Camp was ever appointed guardian of the complainant, either by any court, or the will -of the father; or that he ever was his guardian. The contract for the land and the deed of trust securing the purchasemoney, were both made in Alabama, and all the property embraced in the latter, and sold under said deed, belonged to Camp individually, and not in the capacity of guardian.
He states: The purchase was made,by Camp, to be paid. for out of his own individual property, and not out of that of complainant. The land was worth what Camp agreed to pay, and there was no fraud contemplated by thd purchase or the sale, either on the part of Camp or the defendant. He insists that his lien for the balance of the purchase-money is binding, and avers his readiness, upon the payment of the balance, to convey the land according to the contract; suggesting the neces-. sity of making Camp's personal representative a party to .the bill, and denying all fraud and combination, prays to be dismissed.
On the 17th November, 1852, the court dismissed the bill with costs, and the complainant appealed to this court.
The cause was argued by 31t. Reverdy Johvson and ir. Beverdy Tolson, X., for the appellant, and ir. Badger, for the appellees.
The counsel for the appellant made the following points: 1st. The bill and answer showing that Camp, the guardian, died insolvent, and that there was no administration upon his, estate, the bill is not defective for want of his personal representative as a party. 1 Story's Eq. P1. § 91. 2d. The relation of guardian and ward -subsisting in fact between Camp and the complainant, (though Camp may never have been legally appointed guardian,) Brandon dealing with
the guardian, as such, and having, therefore, full notice of the fiduciary capacity in which he acted, cannot in equity, while seeking to maintain the contract, deny the existence of the guardianship. 1 Story's Eq. Jur. § 511; 2 lb. § 1356; Field v. Schieffelin, 7 Johns. Ch. R. 150; Lloyd v. Ex'r. of Cannon, 2 Desaus. 212; Drury v. Connor, 1 Har. & Gill, 220; Bibb, v.
McKinley, 9 Porter's (Alab.) R. 636. 3d. By the contract itself, (Exhibit C,) and the deed of trust
of 23d August, 1843, (Exhibit D,) apart from the declarations of Brandon, in evidence, he and his representatives are estopped

34

SUPREME COU:.T.

Ye.eger v. Jones et a].

denying that.Camp was the guardian of complainant. 1 Phillips's Evid. 367; Cowen & Hill's Notes to same, 1st Part, 372.
4th. The contract for the purchase is not binding upon the
complainant, and Camp being insolvent at the time, and largely indebted to the complainant, equity will regard the payments
on the purchase made under the trust deed (Exhibit D) as so much money paid out of the ward's funds on account of the land, and will decree them to be reimbursed. 2 Story's Eq. Jurisp. §§ 1257 and 1357; 2 Kent's Corn. 229; Cawthorn v. McCraw, 9 Alabama I. 519.
5th. The contract should be set aside, because the evidence
shows that the investment was injurious to the infant -the land not being worth $8,000.
6th. The amount, claimed by Brandon as a reasonable compensation under the deed of trust, is exorbitant, being more
than twenty per cent. on the amount of sales -and is unsus-
tained by the evidence.

The counsel for the appellees made the following points: First. That Camp was not the guardian of appellant,, the will of his father not appointing him guardian. Peyton v. Smith, 2 Dev. & Bat. Eq. 325.
Secondly. That there is no proof admissible against the appellees, that at the time of the contract fcr the land in August, 1843, Camp was indebted to appellant at all; and if there were
such proof, it cannot be heard by the cour; for want of an Allegation in the bill of the existence of such indebtedness at that
time, the only averment in the bill being that at the time of his death, which the bill avers took place in October, 1845, more than two years thereafter, he was so indebted.
Tirdly. That it is proved the land was fully worth the price
agreed to be given for it. Fourtly. That it is fully proved that all the property con-
veyed by the deed of trust to secure payment of the purchasemoney of the land, belonged to Camp in. his own right, and none of it ever belonged to appellant. As, therefore, Camp
might have applied these funds of his own to purchase the land for himself, it is absurd to'suppose it an irjury to the appellant to apply them in making the purchase for the benefit of appellant.
Firthly. That there is no evidence, at all events none admissible against the appellees, that any thing whatever was paid to William Brandon, on account of the purchase, from any other .source than the sale of the property conveyed by the deed of
trust; and, therefore, that no money, funds, or effects of the appellant, in the hands of Camp, or elsewhere, were paid to or
received by Brandon.

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.
Yerger v. Jones et al.
And, theretore, it will be insisted that the appellant's bill is without support in any point material to the relief asked by him, supposing such relief could be rightfully claimed upon his bill, if proved to be altogether true.
But it wifll be further insisted, that if the case made by the bill and the proofs were that Camp, being the guardian of appellailt, ar d having funds of his ward in his hands, had purchased the land for his ward, and paid for it with those funds, with an intent to convert the funds into real estate, the appellant would not be entitled, upon these facts merely, to call for an account of the money from Brandon; for such purchase might be a ,wise and judicious investment: as if the ward had slaves without lands on which to employ them, and money with which lands could be purchased; and Brandon could only be liable for partaking in an apparently injurious application of the ward's funds, in itself implying a breach of trust. However, it might be a question whether the ward might not, on his arrival at age, repudiate the purchase as between the guardian and himself, and call upon the guardian to keep the land and account for the money; because, further, the right to elect either to take the purchased land or repudiate the contract, is one to be exercised by the ward on arriving at full age, and ought not to be trusted to a next friend: because, to hold the contrary would be to embarrass without necessity, and with great injury to the public, all the transactions of guardians in investing the funds of their wards; and because, finally, this purchase would have been, upon the supposition made, an advantageous one to the ward, and -its character is not to be affected by events-of subsequent occurrence.
It will be also insisted that the ground taken in Brandon's answer, that a personal representative of Camp is a necessary party to this suit, is a sound one. To determine the right of the appellant, upon the very frame of his bill, requires the accounts between himself and his guardian to be taken; but this can only be done when his personal representative is before the court.
Finally, it will be insisted that, upon any view of this case, the bill was properly dismissed, and the decree below must therefore be affirmed.
Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court. The appellant, John C. Yerger, a minor, suing by his next friend, filed his bill against William Brandon, setting forth that the father of complainant died in the State of Tennessee, leaving him his only child and heir at law ; that his father made a nuncupative will, by which James W. Camp was appoin.ted

36

SUPREME COURT.

Yerger v. Jones et al.

guardian of complainant; that Camp, acting as such, took pos-
session of his property, and removed to the State of Alabama, where he died in 1845, insolvent. ,That at the time of his death ,Camp was largely indebted to his ward for the use and hire of his slaves, and stated an account admitting the sum of about six thousand dollars to be due. That Camp contracted with Brandon to purchase a tract of land, for the use of his waid, for the price or sum of $8,000. That Camp paid to Brandon about five or six thousand dollars, on account of such"purchase, by a sale of certain property under a deed of trust. That Camp had no right, as guardian, to convert the personal property of his
ward into real estate; that the price agreed to be paid for the land was exorbitant, and a large balance is still due on said contract, which the complainant is unwilling to pay in order to obtain the title. He therefore prays the court to rescind and annul the contract, to take an account of tie payment made by Camp and Brandon, and decree that the amount be restored to the complainant.
The answer denies that Camp was the legal guardian of complainant -but admits that he lived in the family of Camp after he came to Alabama, and apparently under his control. That the purchase made by Camp was fok a fair price,
and the property transferred by him, in pa :t payment, was the property of Camp and not of complainant; and that the contract was made without any view to injure or defraud the com-
plainant, and did not have that effect; and that respondent is ready and willing to convey the tract of land to complainant, on receipt of the balance of the purchase-money.
The evidence in the case does not show that Camp was appointed guardian of the complainant by his father's will or by
any competent legal authority, either in Tennessee or Alabama.
But it appears that when Camp came to Alabama, that the complainant lived in his family, and that Camp acted as his guardian, having control of his person cnd of his property,
which consisted of negroes. Camp had a farm of 960 acres in
Alabama, and employed the negroes of complainant to work for him, and was largely indebted to him on account thereof. He was indebted also to Brandon, and. his farm was subject to a deed of trust or mortgage. To satisfy this mortgage the land
was sold and bid in by-Brandon for the sua of $4,500. Some negroes belonging to Camp were also included in the mortgage,
and wbre bid in for the sum of over $2,000, !'or the use of Yerger, (the complainant,) and paid for by Camp. An agreement was also
made between Camp and Brandong that Brandon should convey the farm purchased by him to the complainant, on receiving the sum of eight thousand dollars, being the amount of the pur'-

DECEMBER TERM, 1853.

37

Yergor v. Jones et al.

chase-money advanced by Brandon and of the debt due by Camp

to him. To secure the payment of this sum Camp gave Brandon

a bill of sale, or trust deed, for a large amount of personal pro-

perty, consisting of 350 acres of cotton, 450 acres of corn, 300

hogs, besides horses, mules, farming utensils, &c. Brandon was

to sell this property, and apply it in payment of this contract for

the land, after deducting reasonable compensation for his trouble

and expenses. The defendant, in his answer, admits the amount

of sales under this trust to be $5,235.24; deducting charges and

expenses, $1,868.48, leaves a balance applicable to the purchase-

money of the farm, of $3,365.75.

The bill does not allege that there was any fraud or collusion

between the parties to this transaction, or any intention to injure

the complainant. Nor would the evidence ih the case support

any such allegation. Brandon was endeavoring to secure his

own debt in a manner least oppressive to Camp, by an arrange-

ment which would leave him in possession of the farm on which

he resided. Camp was endeavoring to save something for his

ward, to whom he was indebted, out of the wreck of his estate.

By this transaction the remains of his personal estate was vest-

dd in a valuable property, for the use of his ward, and put out

of the reach of other creditors, with the incidental advartage to

himself of retaining a home to himself and family. He was

not converting the property of his ward to his own use, or to

pay his own debts by collusion with Brandon, but was applying

his own personal property in the best manner he could, to secure

t~s ward from loss. His death has prevented his good inten-

tions from being fulfilled to the extent contemplated. It is not

easy to perceive on what principle of equity or justice the com-

plainant can invoke the aid of a court of chancery to rescind

and annul this contract, and compel the defendant to refund the

amount paid by Camp on it. It is true a guardian has no power

to convert the personal property of his ward into realty. Nor

is the ward bound to fulfil or perform the contractI made with

Brandon. He has a right to hold hi- guardian accountable for*

the balance due him, and repudiate the contract made for his

use. Or he may elect to take the land bargained for, but can-

not demand a title from Brandon without payment of the ba-

lance due on the contract.

In Alabama, and some others of the States, a guardian can-

not sell even the personal property of his ward without the leave

of the court. By the common law, and in those States where

is has not been modified by statute, he is considered as having

the legal power to sell or dispose of the personal property of his

ward, and a purchaser who deals fairly has a right to presume

that he acts for the benefit of his ward, and is not bound to in-

VOL. XVI.

4

SUPREME COURT.
Conrad v. Griffey.
quire into the state of the trust, nor is he responsible for the faithful application of the money unless ieknew, or had suflicient information at the time, that the guardian contemplated a breach of trust, and intended to misapply the money, or was in fact, by the transaction, applying it to his own private purpose. The cases on this subject are reviewed by Cancellor Kent in Field v. Schieffelin, 7 Johns. Chan. 150. In order to follow trust funds which have been transferred to third persons, there must be a breach of trust in their transfer, and a collusion by the purchaser or assignee with the guardian, executor, or trustee.
If Brandon had taken the negroes belonging to plaintiff from his guardian, in payment of his debt, knowing the guardian was insolvent, and abusing his trust, a court of equity would compel him to return them to the ward, or pay their full value. But, in the case before us, Camp was dealing with his own property, and there is no pretence of any collusion with him by Brandon in the abuse of his trust. He has receivEd nothing which belonged to the ward, or which he is under any obligation to restore to him.
So far as the interest of the complainant were affected by this transaction, the object of it was to benefit, not to injure him. He may therefore assume the contract, and demand a specific execution .of it from the defendant, but has shown no right to rescind it and recover the money advanced in execution of it.
The decree of the court below is therefora affirmed.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record, from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of Alabama, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed, by this court, that the decree of the said District Court, in this cause, be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.
FnEDERIC D. CONRAD, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR v. DAviD GRIFFEY.
In11 Howard, 480, it is'said, "Where a witness was examined for the plaintiff, and the defendant offered in evidence aceelarations which he h id made of a contradictory character, and then the plaintiff offered to give in evidence others, affirmatory of the first, these last affirmatory declarations were not admissible, being made at a time posterior to that at which he made the contradictory declarations given in evidence by the defendant."
The case having been remanded to the Circuit Court under a rentrefaciasde nero, the plaintiff gave in evidence, upon-the new trial, the deposition taken under a recent commission of the same witness whose deposition was the subject of the former

