DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

601

Christy = Alford.

WILLIAM QHRISTY, PLAINTIFF, IN ERROR, v. LODOV.ICK P. A.
FORD, ADmINISTRATOR OF HENRY D.BULLARD, DECEASED.
The fifteenth sectian of the statute of limpitations o f Texas is as iows: "cEvery suit to be instituted to recover realiestate, as against him, her, or them, in possession, under title or color of title, shall he instituted within three years next after cause of action shall have accrued, and not afterwards.
The proper construction of this section is, that a possession may be in two or more holding in privity, one under another; and if the possession of both so holding will make out the term prescribed, and he who is sued has title or color of title, then the bar will be effectual.
Therefore, where two persons, claiming under the same head-right certificate, had possession of the land claimed for three years, it was sufficient.
The decisions of the supreme court of Texas upon this subject examined.
THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the district' court of the United States for the district of Texas.
The case is stated in the~opinion of the court.
It was submitted upon printed arguments, by Mr1.()rIlenden, MlJr. Hughes, and Mlr. Lawrence, for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr. Hill and Mr. Henderson, for the defendant.
od. Justice CURTIS delivered the opinion of the court. This case comes before us by a writ of error to the district court for the district of Texas. It was atn action of trespass, to try the title to a tract of land. On. the trial, the defendant relied on the 15th ection of the statute of limitations, passed in 1841, by the congress of the then Republic of Texas, which is in the following words : "1Every suit to be instituted to recover real estate, as against him, her, or them, in possession, under title or color of title, shall be instituted within three years next after cause of action shall have accrued, and not afterwards, saving,"
In reference to this defence the district judge instructed the jury, that a possession under the said 15th section might be in two or more, holding in privity, one under another; and if the possession of both so holding will make out the term prescribed by said section, and he sued has title or color of title, thenithe bar will be effectual.
The plaintiff excepted to this instruction, and the jury found a verdict for the defendant
Several objections to this instruction have been relied on in this court. The first is, that a holding by two persons, for the. space of three years, one claiming and holding in privity with the other, does not:satisfy the statute; that the person who is sued must himself have held for the space of three years. The argument is, that the period off three years begins to wahue, n
VOL. XVII.5

602

SUPREME" COURT.

Christy v. Alford,

"cause of action shall have accrued;" that the statute does not say when a cause of action, or the first cause of action accrued,
but, when cause of action accrued; that cause of action accrues
against each tenant, in succession, when he enters, whether he, come into the land in privity with the preceding occupant or not; for each is a trespasser by an unlawful entry; that the statute refers, not to the cause of action which first accrues to the plaintiff by reason of an unlawful entry, but to the cause of action which accrues to him by reason of the entry of the particular person sued. It is conceded that this construction of the statute is not in conformity with that put upon the -21 Jac. I. ch. 16, and its reenactments in this country; but it is insisted that the particular terms of the statute in question call for a different interpretation, because the bar therein provided for is confined to certain cases therein enumerated, and is not appli-
cable to all cases of adverse holding for the space of three years.
It must be admitted that the bar afforded by the 15th section of the statute is confined to the particular cases therein described; but the question is, whether that description excludes
cases where there has been an adverse holding for three years, by different persons holding in privity with each other; and we are of opinion that such cases are included in the 15th section. We think both the language of the law and its subject-matter, as well as the analogous cases respecting the interpretation of
similar statutes, call for this construction. The plaintiff would read the law as if it had said, "within three years next after cause of action shall have accrued" against the person sued. But these words are not in the law, nor would the court be justified in interpolating them. It is true, the only cases
enumerated in the law are suits a;ainst persons in possession under title or color of title. But the definitions of the terms, title and color of title, which immediately follow, are: "By the term title, as used in this section, is meant a regular chain of
transfer from and under the sovereignty of the soil; and color of title is constituted by a consecutive chain of such transfer down to him, her, or them, in possession, without being regular, as if. one or more of the memorials, or muniments, be not registered or not duly registered," &c. It is quite plain, therefore, that when this section speaks of a suit against one in possession under title or color of title, it is not confined to cases in which the defendant was the first to enter under that title. If he be in a ,regular chain of transfer from and under the sovereignty of the soil, or in a consecutive chain of such transfer, though informal in its instruments, he is a defendant within the
descriptive words of this section; and it is wholly immaterial

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

603

Christy v. Alford.

whether he was the first taker from the sovereign of the soil or not.
The words, "as against him; her, or them in possession, under title or color of title," restrict the bendfit of this bar. to those persons who hold under such a title; the words, "shall be instituted within three years next -after cause of action shall have accrued, and not afterwards," prescribe the length of time during which cause of action must have existed, by reason of an adverse holding under such a title. And as, by the very
terms of the act, the person setting up this bar must be in a
chain of transfer from the sovereignty of the soil down to himpelf, it necessarily follows that the defendant setting up the bar must be in privity with his predecessors in the title, and that he cannot rely on the title or possession of any one under whom he does not claim. There is nothing in the act to restrict'the party sued from relying on the possession of any predecessor in that title under the sovereignty of the soil, which has come to himself, and the purpose of the act requires that he should be allowed t6 do so. That purpose was to give repose to such titles by three years' adverse possession. But if the construction contended for by the plaintiff in error were adopted, three years' possession under that title, by one person, would not quiet that title. If a descent were cast, or an alienation took
place, after three years had elapsed, a right of action would accrue against the heir or purchaser who should enter, and that action would not be barred because the defendant had not him-
self held possession for three years. This would be an ext-raordinary anomaly. At the common
law a descent cast tolled the right of entry, because the heir
came in by operation of law; and a discontinuance was worked by the alienation of a tenant in tail, so that the alienee could not be entered on by the heir in tail. These rules of the com-
mon law were changed, in part, by the 32 Hen-. VIIL ch. 33, and have been wholly abrogated in most of the United States; but that the title of the heir or alienee should be worse than that of the ancestor or grantor, and that an" action, wholly barred against the latter, should be revived and be in force upon an entry by the former, under a title already protected by the act, would indeed be strange. We see nothing in the language
or objects of the law, and certainly there is nothing in the decisions under analogous laws, calling for this interpretation.
Though we do not know that the supreme court of Texas has had occasion to decide the precise question here presented, that-learned court has repeately expressed views of this section of the act of 1841, in accordance with those we have above given. In Wheeler v. Moody,. 9 Texas R. 377, that court, in

SUPREME- COURT.
Christy v. Alford.
considering a defence set up under the 15th section of this act, say: " The possession need not be continued by the same person; but, when held by different persons, it must be shown that a privity existed between them." So, in Horton v. Crawford, 10 Texas R. 390, speaking of the time when the cause of action accrues, within the meaning of this section, they say: " When does the cause of action accrue ? Unquestionably, at the instant of possession taken under the circumstances specified in the statute; namely, under title or color of title, according to the definition of those terms given in the law itself." See, also, Portis et ux.v. Hill's Administrator, 3 Texas I. 273.
We understand, therefore, that our views of this statute are in accordance with those of the supreme court of Texas, so far as that learned court has had occasion to express any opinion on the subject; and we hold, in the terms laid down by them in the case of Wheeler v. Moody, that, under the 15th section of the act of 1841, the possession need not be continued by the same person, and that, consequently, the instruction of the district court, in this particular, was correct.
But it is firther objected, that the instruction given did not require that the first holder should have been in under title or color of title, but only that the person sued should have title or color of title; and that this instruction would allow the benefit of this bar to one having title, and a possession of less than three years, if he claimed in privity with another who had previously possessed <vithout title. But the instruction must be taken with reference to the admitted facts upon which it was given. Those facts were: "It was proved by the admissions of the parties by their attorneys, that L. P. Alford and the defendant, by a union of the several, possessions, had, next before the commencement of the plaintiff's action, peaceable, adverse, and uninterrupted possession, for more than three years, claiming under color of title, of six hundred and forty acres of land, by virtue of said Alford's head-right certificate, duly recommended, duly surveyed, and returned to the general land-office, and -within the boundary of both of the one-league surveys of plaintiff, described and mentioned in the second and third count of his petition."
There was no room to argue, nor could the jury find that any part of the three years' possession was held without color of title, for the contrary is expressly admitted.. In referenqe to the particular facts of this case, the instruction was not erroneous in the particular complained of.
-It is also urged that, in addition to what was said by the court, the jury should have been told that the defendant, having no title or color of title such as that prescribed by the statute,

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

605

Christy v. Alford.

could not have the benefit of the bar, by virtue of the title or color of title of Alford, under whom he claimed; for the reason that, claiming a bar under the statute, he had to show the circumstances prescribed by it; and the title prescribed having to be a transfer down to him in possession, the requirement was not complied with by showing a title in him under whom he claimed; and the consequence is, that the defendant, instead of proving himself within the iule required, shows himself out of it, and not entitled to the bar.
But, upon the iacts .agreed, this position is not tenable. It was agreed that the defendant's possession wds under color of title, by virtue of Alford's head-right certificate; and the instruction given by the court required the jury-to find that the defendant claimed in privity with Alford; and this privity is also adinitted, for he could be in.under color of Alford's head-right only by force of . consecutive chain of transfer through Alford from the sovereignty of the soil.
He was, therefore, not setting up color of title in another, but in himself. It is true, the record does not show how this privity was created, nor that the defendant was in a consecutive chain of. transfer. But the necessity for this proof was doflie away by the admission of the plaintiff, that the defendant was in possession under color of title; for, as has just been observed, this was equivalent to an admission that he was in under such a chain of transfer from the govereignty of the
soil. It has also been urged, that the 14th section of this statute
allows an entry within ten years next after the right accrues. We are spa ed the necessity of discussing this question at large, because it has been distinctly decided by the supreme cburt of
Texas, in Horton v. Crawford, 10 Texas R.382; and we concur entirely in the correctness of the reasoning by which it is there shown that the 14th section of the act has no effect upon the bar created by the 15th section.
The other matters assigned for error related exclusively to the plaintiff's title. But as the bar under the 15th section of the statute of limitations wag complete and effectual upon the con-
ceded facts, there can be no error in the judgment in favor of
the defendant, even if the court ruled erroneously in respect to the title of the plaintiff; and we have not considered these alleged errors, ahd give no opinion thereon.
The judgrwent of the district court is affirmed, with costs.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcipt of the 51*

606

SUPREME COURT.

Dennistoun et al. v. Stewart.

record from the district court of the United States for the district of Texas, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court that the judgment of the said district court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs

ALEXANDER DENNISTOUN, JOHN DENNISTOUN, WILLIAM CRAIG MYLNE, AND WILLIAM WOOD, PARTNERS, UNDER THE STYLE
OF A. DENNISTOUN AND COMPANY, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, V. ROGER STEWART.

Where the protest of a bill of exchange contained an exact copy of the bill, but the acceptance was made by "Chas. Byrne," instead of "And. E. Byrne," as it was in the original bill, this variance or error in the name of the acceptor's agent ought not to have excluded the protest from being read in evidence to the jury.
It is unnecessary that a copy of the protest should be included in the notice to the drawer and indorsers. The object of the notice is to inform the party that payment has been refused; and hence such a description of the note as will give sufficient information to identify it, is all that is necessary.
In this case, the protest had an accurate 'copy of every material fact which could identify the bill: the date, the place where drawn, the amount, the merchandise on which it was drawn, the ship by which it was sent, the balance on the cotton for which it was accepted, the names of drawers, acceptor, indorsers ; every thing but the abbreviations and flourishes in the Christian name of the acceptor's agent. This mistake could not mislead any person as to the identity of the instrument described.
THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the circuit court of the United States for the southern district of Alabama.
The case is stated in the opinion of the court.

It was argued by Mr. Phillips,for the plaintiffs in error, no counsel appearing for the defendant.

Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court. The plaintiffs declared against the defendant, as drawer of a bill of exchange, by the name and style of James Reid and Co., of which the following is a copy: -

"No. -. X4,417 14s. lid. st'g.

Mobile, Sept. 9, 1850.

" Sixty days after sight of this first of exchange, (second and third unpaid,) pay to the order of ourselves, in London, forty. four hundred and seventeen pounds, 14s. lid. st'g, value re-

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

147

Ring et al. v. Maxwell.

ZEBEDEE RING, DAVID A. BOKEE, ROBERT S. HONE, AND JOHN
P. HONE, EXECUTORS OF PHILIP HONE, DECEASED, AND CORNELL S. FRANKLIN, COMPLAINANTS, v. HUGn MAXWELL.
The tariff act of 1842, (5 Stats. at Large, 548,) provided that if the appraised value of merchandise should exceed, by ten per centum or more, the invoice value, an additional duty should be imposed of fifty per centum of the duty.imposed on the same, where fairly invoiced.
The act of 1846, (9 Stats. at Large, 42,) reduced this additional duty to twenty per centum.
Although this additional duty may have been considered as a penalty, and as guch, a moiety given to the officers of the custom-house, under the act of 1842, and the same disposition of it would have been made under the act of 1846, if there had been no other legislation, yet the act of February, 1846, (9 Stats. at Large, 3,) declares that it'shall not be considered a penalty for the purpose of being distributed.
Therefore, the additional duty of twenty per centum, levied by the collector,, under .tb6 8th section of the act of July 30, 1846, is not to be considered as a penalty, one moiety whereof is to be distributed amongst the officers of the custom-house.
THIS case came up from the circuit court of the United States for the southern district of New York, upon a certificate of division of opinion between the judges. thereof.
The facts of the case are stated in the opinion of the court. It was argued by Mllr. Ring, for the complainants, and by .r; shing, (attorney-general,) for the defendant. There were five questions certified from the circuit court, and argued here. As the arguments covered the whole ground, and the court decided only one of the points, the reporter has concluded to omit the arguments of counsel altogether.
Mr. Justice CURTIS delivered the opinion of the court. This case comes before us, upon a certificate of division of opini(-n of the judges of the circuit court of the United States for the southern district of New York. The certificate shows that a suit in equity is pending in that court, wherein persons who were the naval officer and surveyor of the port of New York, are complainants, and Hugh Ma well, who was the collector of that port, is respondent, and that the scope of the bill is to recover one moiety of a large sum of money levied and collected as additional duties, under the 8th section of the tariff act, of July 30,1846, (9 Stats. at Large, 43.) during the time while the complainants held the offices above.mentioned. Upon the hearing of this cause, the judges werc opposed in opinion upon the following questions: "WWhether, upon a true construction of the revenue laws -of the United States, the additional duties of 20 per centum, which have been levied and collected by and paid to the defendant, as collector of the port of New [ork, at the porf of New York, as

SUPREME COURT.
Ring et al. v. Maxwell.
stated in his answer, under and by virtue of the 8th section of the act entitled I An act for reducing the duties on imports, and for other purposes,' passed July 30, in the year 1846, were to be treated as penalties, and one moiety thereof divided between and paid in equal proportions to and among the collector, naval officer, and surveyor of the port of New York, holding said offices at the time of the levying, collection, and payment thereof, in the said port of New York, as claimed by the plaintiffis, in their bill in this cause."
The 8th section of the act of July 30, 1846, after requiring the collector to cause the dutiable value of the imports therein referred to, to be appraised, estimated, and ascertained, in accordance with the provisions of existing laws, goes on to enact, "and if the appraised value thereof shall exceed, by ten per centum or more, the value so declared on the entry, then, in addition to the duties imposed by law on the same, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, a duty of twenty per centum, ad valorem, on such appraised value." The question is, whether the sums levied, collected, and paid under ths clause, were by law distributable as penalties, one moiety to the treasury of the United States, and the other moiety among the collector, naval officer, and surveyor.,
To render any sum of money collected for the government,
thus distributable, it is not doubted that some act of congress, directing that distribution, must be found; and the complainant's counsel has sought for such a law, by arguing that these additional duties must be treated as penalties, levied for the offence of undervaluation, against the directions and in contravenition of the requirements of the revenue laws; and that if they are penalties, they are required to be distributed by different collection laws to which he has referred, and which he urges have been made applicable by congress to the sums of money now; in question. We do not find it necessary to determine whether these additional duties might have been deemed penalties, so as to come under the terms of either of the collection laws which have directed the distribution of penalties among certain officers of the customs; nor do we deem'it important. to examine in detail, the provisions of those collection laws, and the manner in which they have been, from time to time, rendered applicable, in part or in whole, to the different acts levying duties and penialties.
Because, we are all of opinion, that whatever may be the nature of the sums levied, as additional duties, under the 8th section of the tariff act of 1846, they are not distributable as penalties.
To exhibit the reasons on which this opinion is founded, it is necessary to refer first to the tariff act of August 30,1842. The

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

149

Ring et al. v. Maxwell.

26th section of that act, provided that the laws existing on the 1st day of June, 1842, shall extend to and be in force for the collection of the duties imposed by this act, &c., and for the
recovery, collection, distribution, and remission of all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, and for the allowance of the drawbacks by this act authorized, as fully and effectually as if every regulation, restriction, penalty, forfeiture, provision, clause, matter, and thing in the said laws contained, had been inserted in and reenacted by this act.
The 16th and 17th sections of the same act, prescribe the manner in which merchandise, subject to ad valorem rates of duty, shall be appraised, and its dutiable value ascertained; and then the 17th section enacts: "That in all cases where the actual value to be 'appraised, estimated, and ascertained, as
hereinbefore stated, of any goods, wares, and merchandise, imported into the United States, and subject to any ad valorem duty, or whereon the duty is regulated by or directed to be imposed or levied on the value of the square yard, or other parcel, or quantity thereof, shall exceed, by ten per centurn or more, the invoice value, then in addition to the duty imposed by law on the same, there shall be levied and collected on the same'goods, wares, and merchandise, fifty per centum of the duty imposed on the same where fairly invoiced."
These being provisions of the tariff act of 1842, the complainants' argument is, that the additional duties levied under its 17th section, were made distributable by its 26th section; that the 8th section of the act of 1846 only changed the amount of the penalty in the cases it reached; that, whereas, by the 17th section of the act of 1842, if the appraisement should exceed the invoice value ten per centum, fifty per centum of the duty
was the penalty, by the act of 1840, tventy per centum of the appraised value was to be the penalty; that this was the only change made; although the 26th section of the act.of 1842, which made penalies distributable under the then existing laws, applied, in terms, only to the penalties levied by that act, yet those laws of distribution are applicable to this penalty under the act of 1846, which must be considered as substituted in place of the penalty levied by the act of 1842, and to be governed by the same provisions of law as were applicable to the additional duty, by way of penalty, under that act of 1842.
There is great force in this argument. The tariff act of 1846 is an act fixing new rates of duty on imports. It does not contain any provisions for the collection of those duties, nor for the collection or distribution of any penalties. It does not, in terms, adopt the existing iaws on those subjects, nor declare that they
shall be deemed applicable to the duties and penalties which it
13*

SUPREME COURT.
Ring et al v. Maxwell.
levies; yet it is obvious that it must have been intended that those existing laws should be thus applied; 'nd this can only be effected, by considering the duties and jienalties levied by the act of 1846, as substitutes for, and to be governed by the same rules as, the corresponding duties and penalties levied by the act of 1842, which did, in terms, adopt and apply the existing laws for the recovery, collection, and distribution of duties and penalties.
We accede, therefore, to the positions that the additional duty levied by the act of 1846, is only a substitute for that levied under the act of 1842, and that whatever rule was.in force when the act of 1846 was passed, concerning the distribution of the additional duty levied by the 17th section of the act of 1842, is also in force, and is to be applied to the additional duty under the 8th section of the act of 1846, which is here in question. So that the only remaining inquiry is, what was that rule?
We think this question is answered by the 3d section of the act of February 11, 1846, (9 Stat at Large, 3,) "that no portion of fhe additional duties provided for by the 17th st ction of the act of August 30, 1842, entitled, &c., shall be deemed a fine, penalty, or forfeiture, for the purpose of being distributed to any officer of the customs; but the whole amount thereof, when received, shall be paid directly into the treasury."
This enacts a rule concerning the distribution of the additional duties under the act of 1842; and as the additional duties under the act of 1846 are substitutes for, and to be governed by the same rules. as to distribution, as those levied under the former law, it necessarily follows that they are not distributable.
It has. been argued that this 3d section of the act of February 11, 1846, is expressly limited to the additional duties levied under the 17th section of the. act of 1842; and therefore cannot govern the distribution of those levied under the act of 1846. But so the 26th section of the act of 1842, which adopts former laws, applies them only to the duties and penalties levied under that act; and this is the only authority for applying any laws to the distribution of the penal duties now in question. The complainant is obliged to argue that, though limited in terms to that act, it applies to rates of penal duty afterwards substituted
by the act of 1846, in place of those prescribed by the act of 1842. We have declared the argument sound; but it must be allowed its full and just effect. "The implication is not that the laws for the collection and distribution of penalties, as they had existed at some prior period, or aA they had been applicable to other penalties, were silently adopted by the act of 1846; but that the laws for the collection and distribution of additional duties by way of penalty, as those. laws existed when, the act

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

151

Ring et al. v. Maxwell.

of 1846 was passed, must be deemed applicable to the new additional duty by way of penalty prescribed by that act; and when the act of 1846 was passed, the'previous general law 'for the distribution of penalties had been modified, and the additional duty for which that in question is substituted, had been
declared not distributable. The consequence is that thcugh' the act of 1846 may be considered as providing for both duties and penalties, subject, as to their collection and distribution, to existing laws, yet as there was no law in force by which additional
duties, levied for undervaluation, were made distributable, there can be no adoptioi of any existing Jaw on that particular subject, and no distr ation can take, place.
Perhaps this may be illustrated by supposing that the substance of the 3d secti6A of the act of February 11, 1846, had been incorporated into the 26th -section of the act of 1842, by
way of proviso. So that at the same time when the act.of 1842 adopted all existing laws concerning the distribution of penal-
ties, it had declared that the additi6nal duties to be levied under the 17th section, should not be distributable as penalties, but should be paid into the treasury. Certainly,.it could not then have been argued that the act of 1846 had merely changed the rate of additional duty, ana had silently adopted the existing laws concerning its distribution, and still that it -as distributable. Yet the effect of this subsequent enactment, of Febniary 11, 1846, when made, upon the act of 1842, is the same as L it had been in-orporated therein. It is in eadem viateria, and
both are to be constiued as one law, the last controlling and modifying the first, as if it made a part of it.
The fallacy of the argument, on the part of 'the complainan:5, consists in going back to former laws concerning the distribu-
tion of other penalties, and considering then to be applicable
to this penalty, when the existing law, applicable in terms to a penalty ejsdem gefneris, and for which this penalty is a sub-
stitate, declares that it is not distributable. .Our opinion is, that the first question certified by the circuit
court, must be answered in the negative.
There are other questions certified, but as the one above decided necessarily disposes of the case, we do not deem it needful to. consider and respond to them.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the .transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for. the southern district of New York, and on the points or questions on which the judges of the said circuit court were divided in

SUPREME COURT.
The Propeller Monticello v. Mollison.
opinion, and which were certffied to this court for its opinion, agreeably to the act of congress in such case made and provided, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof it is the opinion of this court that the first question certified by the circuit court in this case must be answered in the negative, to wit: That upon a true construction of the revenue laws of the United States, the additional duties of 20 per centum, which have been levied and collected by and paid to the defendant, as collector of the port of New York, at the port of New York, as stated in his answer, under and by virtue of the 8th section of the act entitled "an act for reducing the duties on imports, and for other purposes," passed July 30, in the year 1846, were not to be treated as penalties, and one moiety thereof divided between and paid in equal proportions to and among the collector, naval officer, and surveyor of the port of New York, holding said officers at the time of the levying, collection, and payment thereof, in the said port of New York, as claimed by the plaintiffs in their bill in this cause.
And this court is further of opinion that, as the decision of the first question in the negative necessarily disposes of the case, it is unnecessary to consider and respond to the other questions certified; whereupon it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court, that it be so certified to the said circuit court
THE PROPELLER MONTICELLO, JOHN WILSON, MASTER AND CLAIMANT, APPELLANT, V. GILBERT MOLLISON.
In a case of collision upon Lake Huron, between a propeller and a schooner, ,he evidence shows that the propeller was in fault.
The fact that the libellants had received satisfaction from the insurers, for the vessel destroyed, famished no good ground of defence for the respondent.
Tais was an appeal from the circuit court of the United States for the northern district of New York.
It was a case of collision, in September, 1850, upon Lak6 Huron, between a propeller called Monticello, and a schooner called The Northwestern, by which the schooner and her cargo were entirely lost.
In April, 1851, Mollison, the owner of the schooner, libelled the propeller, then lying in the port of Buffalo. Wilson, the master and claimant of the propeller, answered the libel, and much testimony was taken on both sides. In May. 1852, the

SUPREME COURT.
Carpenter et al. v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
SAMUEL H. CARPENTER, ACTING EXECUTOR, AND CHARLES WIL-
KINS SHORT AND J. CLEVES SHORT, EXECUTORS NAMED AND
RESIDUARY LEGATEES IN THE WILL OF WILLIAM SHORT,
DECEASED, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR v. THE COMMONWEALTH
OF PENNSYLVANIA.
The State of Pennsylvania, in 1826, passed a law by which all inheritances being within that commonwealth, which, by the intestacy or the will of any decedent, should devolve upon any other than the father, mother, wife, children, or lineal descendants of such person, should be subject to a tax.
In 1850, an explanatory act was passed, declaring that the words "being within thiis commonwealth," should be so construed as to relate to all persons who have been at the time of their decease or now may be, domiciled within this commonwealth, as well as to estates.
In 1349, a citizen of Pennsylvania died, whose will was proven by a resident executor in December, 1849. The executor represented that a portion of the estate, consisting of securities, stocks, loans, and evidences of debt and property, was not within the commonwealth.
The supreme court of Pennsylvania decided that this portion was subject to the tax, and this court has no authority to revise that decision.
The.exnlanatory law is not within the prohibitions of the constitut on of the United States.
It is true that in some respects the rights of donees, under a will, become vested by the death of a testator; but until the period of distribution arrives, the law of the decedent's domicile attaches to the property.
The explanatory act is not an ex post facto law, within the 10th section of the 1st article of the constitution of the United States. This phrase was used in a restricted sense, relating to criminal cases only.
THIS case was brought up from the supreme court of Pennsylvania by a writ of errol issued under the 25th section of the judiciary act.
The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
It was argued by 111r. Ewing, and Mr. Hart,for the plaintiffs in error, and by Ill. Hood, and Mr. Scott, for the defendant.
The following notice of these points on behalf of the plaintiffs in error, upon which the decision of this court tmned, is taken from the brief of Mr. Eving: -
2. That, the act of 1350, professes to be explanatory of the act of 126, does not help it in the least. If a direct act, levying a tax or penalty on past cases of collateral inheritance, would be ex post facto within the meaning of the constitution of the United States, so isjthis; as if the act of 1826 provided for the punishment of crimes, a declaratory law of 1850 could not extend its provisions to acts committed prior to the declaratory law, no more than an original law could punish a past fact as a crime.
3. We have here then a retroactive law, which takes the property of an individual to the use of the State, because of a fact which had occuited prior to the passage of the law. And

IECEMBER TERM, 1854.

457

Carpenter et al. v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

we suppose it quite immateiial whether it is seized to the use

of the State, by the name of tax,-fine, penalty, or forfeiture, so

that it is seized by virtue of a lex post factum.

This court has decided, in cases which raised the question,

that the clause in the 10th section, 1st article of the constitu-

tion of the United States, which provides that no State shall

pass any "ex post facto law," does not prohibit the States from

passing laws which shall transfer the property of A to B, for

reasons, ex post facto, that their power in this respect, between

persona, is unlimited and unrestrained. But that it does pro.

hibit the States from making past acts penal, which, when per-

formed, were attended with no punishment or penalty ;-and it

equally prohibits them from increasing any punishment or

penalty by laws passed after the fact; the scope and intent of the

restriction, as construed and explained by the court, being to

prohibit the States from punishing the persons or seizing upon

e property of individuals, by reason of acts committed or

perfonned previous to the enactment of the law. It is to pro.

tct the individual from the direct action of the State against

his person or property for any past cause, but not to limit the

power of the State in adjusting or distributing property among

individuals for like cause.

Thus a State may say by a law of to-day, that A shall have

the lands and goods of B, because of some fact done between

A and B yesterday, which did not then transfer or pledge or

incumber either lands or goods; the protection of property, as

between individuals, being left to the constitution and laws of

the State, except only where a contract intervenes, the validity

of which they may not impair. But the State cannot by a law

of to-day forfeit to itself the lands or goods of B, be ause of

some fact done or suffered by B yesterday, and which did not.

then by law work a forfeirtue or make his lands or goods the

property of the State. This would be, according to the con.

struction of the court ex post facto, within the prohibition of

the constitution of the United States. And I suppose it to be

quite immaterial whether the past fact, by reason of which the

property of an individual is seized to the use of the State by a

subsequent law, lex post factum, be called a crime or not, or

whether the seizure be denominated fine, levy, or forfeiture.

This is mere form -" words, words " - hret in cortice.' The

substance is, the seizure of the lands or funds of'-an indivictual

to the use of .the State by a law operating on, a past fact. If

the property of an individual cannot be seized to the use of the

State, because of a fact which an after law declares criminal,

may it be so for the same fact if the law do not at all character-

ize the fact, or if it pronounce it meritorious ? This would be

VOL. XVII.

39

458

SUPREME COURT.

Carpenter et al. v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

absurd. One State legislature enacts: That every member of the immediately preceding legislature who voted against the passage of the act to establish common schools shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall forfeit to the State, to be applied to said common schools, one twentieth part of his lands and goods. Such a law would be ex post facto within the meaning of the constitution, as expounded by this court.
The legislature of another State enacts: That every member of the immediately preceding legislature who voted against the act for the establishment of common schools shall be, and he is hereby, declared to be free from all blame or censure therefor, and there shall be assessed upon the property of every such person one twentieth part of its value, as a public tax to be applied to the use of schools. If the first be uncons-itutional, so is this likewise. It does not, it is true, make the fact criminal by an after law, but it attaches to it a penalty, the same in its consequence as if it had called it a crime. In substance and effect the provisions are the same, and equally within the prohibition of the constitution.
If I be correct in this, the constitution. of the United States does not apply alone in cases where an act, innocent when done, is by a subsequent law declared to be a crime, and punished as such, but also, to cases where a past fact, giving no right to the State to the property of the individual, is by an after law made the occasion of burdening him with fine, forfeiture, or assessment. This case, then, comes literally within the prohibitory clause of the constitution. It is lex post factum, and it is the State ac~ing upon and against individuals by reason of the past fact. I all cases heretofore decided under this clause of the constitu ion, and in which the -retroactive law has been sus-
tained, the State pronounced by law between individuals, and transferred property from one to the other, by reason of some
past fact, but not to itself. This, it appears to me, is the great line of distinction; and if it be once passed,- if it be held that the State may take property of an individual, because of a past fact, -the constitution affords no -protection against confiscation .and forfeiture; all that is necessary is to give it a softer name.
Suppose a statute, having the same effect precisely, to run thus : -
If any person shall heretofore have died within this State, leaving personal property within it, and also in other States, and leaving no lineal heirs; and if the collateral heir or devisee of such decedent shall have heretofore claimed and received such part of the estate of decedent as was situated without this State, he shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall

DECE-MBER TERM, 1854.

459

Carpenter et aL v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

forfeit therefor, and pay to the use of common schools, one half the assets of the decedent which remain within the State at the time of the passage of this act.
No one can doubt that this would be an ex post facto law, within the prohibition of the constitution.
Strike out of the act the word"' misdemeanor," it does not vary .the case except in words. You retain the forfeiture, but fail to characterize the fact. Strike out the word "forfeit," and insert "tax," in its stead, the effect is still the same; you retain the penalty, the usiual consequence of crime, by another name, and attach it as a consequenca to a past fact, not pronounced criminal. The very part of the supposed criminal law against which the constitution of the United States would protect the individual, namely, the penalty, remains after the two suggested amendments. The parts stricken out, had they remained with-
out the penalty, would be nugatory, and this court could not consider them.
It seems to me very clear, that the intent and the just effect of this constitutional provision is to pro.tect the individual in his person and property against punishment or confiscation by the State, under a law operating upon a past fact.
4. We contend, also, that this law, in its retroactive effect, impairs the obligation of a contract.
When Carpenter, the executor, took upon himself the execution of the -will,he entered into a contract, implied in law, to pay over to the legatees what should remain in his hands after paying debts and such charges as.the law attached to the estate and its administration. That sum -was about $43,000. The act of March 11, 1850, intervenes, and requires the executor to pay $25,000 of that sum to the State, and but $18,000 to the legatees in discharge of his implied contract..
This law, therefore, greatly impairs the obligation of this- contract. For, if the law be obligatory, it at once absolves the executor from the obligation of his contract to the legatees, just to the extent thfat it requires him to pay to the State, and it is because of a fact-whieh occurred before the passage of the laW .
Suppose the law to have been enacted in these words: "That every agent, executor, administrator, factor, and attorney, who has in his hands, at the time of the passage of this act, moneys heretofore received or collected for his principal, &c, shall pay one half thereof into the treasury of the State for the use of schools, and the other half to his principal, &c., .which shall be in full discharge of his legal liability to such principal."
If a State can do this, the constitution of the United -States does not protect contrabts; if a State can take half. as a reuo-

460

SUPREME COURT.

Carpenter et al. v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
active tax, she can take the whole, and she can name any past fact she chooses as the cause of the tax. And it is quite immaterial to the creditor whether his contract is annulled absolutely, if it be so as to him, and remains valid only for the benefit of the State.
A State may seize the property of an individual directly to her own use, but this were an act of arbitrary power not likely to occur. She may take his property for any future fact or act, whether innocent or criminal, either as a forfeiture or levy, but not for a past act or fact, by a retroactive law. She may take from A his property and give it to B, but she cannot impair the validity, or at all lessen the obligation, of a contract between them.

The following points, on behalf of the defendant, relate to that branch of the case upon which the opinion of this court
rested: -
1. It does not appear, by the said document or record, that the supreme court of the United States has jurisdiction of the
cause.
2. It does not appear thereby that there was drawn in question, in the supreme court of Pennsylvania, any of the causes or grounds alleged in the said writ of error.
3. It does not appear thereby that the validity of the Pennsylvania act of assembly of 11th March, 1850, was called in question in the cause in the supreme court of Pennsylvania, on the ground of its repugnancy to the constitution of the United
States. 4. Nor that any such question was decided by the supreme
court of Pennsylvania in said cause. It is only where there is drawn in question in the state court
the validity (not merely the construction) of a state law, that the supreme court of the United States has jurisdiction to review the question by writ of error; and even then only where the validity of the state law is questioned, on the ground that it is repugnant to the constitution, treaties, or laws of the United States. The Commonwealth Bank of Kentucky v. Griffith, 14 Pet. 64; Lawler v. Walker, 14 How. 149, 152; Crowell v. Randall, 10 Pet. 368, in which Mr. Justice Story reviews the previous cases, &c. See, also, Ohio Life Insurance r. Debolt. 16 How. 416, Taney, C. J., 428, &c.;. State Bank of
Ohio v. knoop, Ib. 369, McLean, J., 384, &c. To give jurisdiction to the supreme court of the United
States, under the 2.5th section of the judiciary act, it must appear on the record itself to be one of the cases enumerated in that cection; and nothing out of the record can be taken into

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

461

Carpenter et al. v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

consideration. Armstrong v. The Treasurer of Athens County, 16 Pet. 281, 285 ; 1 Curtis's Com. §-279.
Retrospective laws are forbidden to the States only when, in
civil cases, they impair the obligation of contracts; or, in criminal.cases; where they are ex post facto. Calder v. Bull, 3 Dall.
386. Where a retrospective law of a State affects vested rights,
the supreme court of the United States has jurisdiction only
where such rights are grounded on contract. The'Charles River Bridge v. The Warren .Bridge, 11 Pet. 420, 536, 547; 1 Curdis's Com. §§ 244, 253, note 1; The Providence Bank v. Billings,
4 Pet. 514, 558, 561.

Mr. Justice .CAMPBELL delivered the opinion of the court.
The legislature of Pennsylvania, in 1826, adopted a law by
which all inheritances, "being within this commonwealth," which, by the intestacy or the will of any decedent, should devolve "upon any other than the father, mother, wife, children, or lineal descendants" of such person, should bb subject to the payment of a tax, now fixed at five per cent. Purd. Dig. 138, § 1.
The assessments under this act were confined to the property which might be within the commonwealth. The Common-
wealth v. Smith, 5 Barr. 142. In March, 1850, by an explanatory act, it was declared that
the words " eing within this coifmnonwealth, shall be so con-
strued as to relate to all persons who have been at the time of their decease, or now may be, domiciled withihi this commonwealth, as well as to estates; and this is declared to be the true
intent and meaning of this act," William Short, a citizen of Pennsylvania, died within the
State a few months previously to the passage of this act, leaving his property to friends and collateral relations, the principal of whom, the residuary legatees, reside beyond the limits of the*
State. The will was proven, by a resident executor, in December, 1849, before the register's court in Philadelphia, and a settlement was made with that court in June of the following year. In that settlement, the executor represented that a portion of the estate, consisting of securities, stocks, loans, and
evidences of debt and property, was not within the common-
wealth, and offered to pay the tax for the property 'ithin, under the act of 1826, and denied the validity of the assessment under the act of 1850. The tax was assessed upon the entire personal estate, without reference to its locality, by the court, and its judgment upon this subject was affirmed by the supreme court, to which it was removed by certiorari. That
39*

462

SUPREME COURT

Carpenter et al. v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

court says: " More pointed words to make the act (of 1850) retrospective could not be chose=i; and it will scarce be said the legislature had not power-to make it so, at least while the assets remain in the hands of the executor as administrator. No clause of the constitution forbids it to extend a tax already laid, or to tax assets not taxed before; and, in establishing its peculiar interpretation, it has only done indirectly what it was competent to do directly." The supreme court thus interprets the act of 1850 as if it read: " That assets in the hands of an executor, for distribution among the collateral relations of .or strangers to the decedent, shall be subject to a tax of five per cent"
This court has no authority to revise the act of Pennsylvania, upon any grounds of justice, policy, or consistncy to its own constitution. These axe concluded by the decision of the public authorities of the State. The only inquiry for this cburt is, does the act violate the constitution of the United States, or the treaties and laws made under it?
The validity of the act, as affecting successions to open after its enactment, is not contested; nor is the authority of the State to levy taxes upon personal property belonging to its citi-
zens, but situated beyond its limits, denied. But the complaint is, that the application of the act of 1826, by that of 1850, to a succession already in the course of settlement, and which had
been appropriated by the last will of the decedent, involved an arbitrary change of the existing laws of inheritance to the extent of this tax, in the sequestratien of that amount for the uses of the State. That the rights of the residuary legatees were vested at the death of the testator, and from that time those persons were non-residents, and the property taxed was also beyond the State; and that the State has employed its power over the executor and the property within its borders, to accomplish a measure of wrong and injustice. That the act contains the imposition of a forfeiture or penalty, and is ex post facto. It is, in some sense, true, that the rights of donees under
a will are vested at the death of the testator; and that the acts of administration which follow are conservatory ineans, directed by the State to ascertain those rights, and to accoinplish an effective translaion of the dominion of the 'decedent to the objects of his bounty; and the legislation adopted with any other aim than this would justify criticism, and perhaps censure. But, until the period for distribution arrives, the law of the decedenf's domicile attaches to the property, and all other
jurisdictions refer to the place of the domicile, as that where the distribution should be made. The will of the testator is proven there, and his executor receives his authority to collect

DECEMBER TERM, 18514.

463

Carpenter et al. v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

the property, by the recognition of the legal tribunals of that. place. The personal estate, so far as it hai a determinate owner, belongs to the executor thus constituted. The rights of the donee are subordinate to the conditions, formalities, and administrati re control, prescribed by.the State in the interests of its public order, and are only irrevocably established upon its
abdication of this control, at the period of distribution. If the State, during this period of administration and control by its tribunals and their appointees,'thinks "fit.to impote a talk upon the property, there is no obslacle in the constitution and laws of the United States to prevdnt it. Ennis v. Smith, 14 How. 400; In re Ewin, 1 Cr. and Jer. 151 ; 1 Barb. Ch.R. 180; 6 W.
I and G. Cy. R. 217; 21 Conn. R. 577.
The act of 1850, in enlarging the operation of the act of 1826, and by extending the language of that act beyond its legal import, is retrospective in its form; but its practical agency is to subject to assessment property liable to taxation, to answer an existing exigency of the State, and to be collected in the course of future administration; and the language retrospective is of no importance, except to describe the property to be included in the assessment. And, as the supreme court has
well said, "in establishing its peculiar interpretation, it (the legislature) has only done indirectly what it was competent to do
directly.'.
But if the act of 1850 involved a change in the law of succession, and could be regarded -s a civil regulation for the division of the estates of unmarried persons having no. lineal heirs, and not as a fiscal imposition, this court could not pronounce it to be an ex post facto law, within the 10th section of the ist article of the constitution. The debates in the federal convention upon the constitution show that the terms "ex post facto laws" were understood in a restricted sense, relating to criminal cases only, and that the description of Blackstone ofsuch laws was referred to for their meaning. 3 Mad. Pap. 1399,'
1450, 1579.
This signification wa adopted in this court shortly after its organization, in opinions carefully prepared, and has been repeatedly announced since that time. Calder v. Bull,;3 Dall..
386 ; Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch, 87 ; 8 Pet. 88 ; 11"Ib. 421. The same words are used in the constitutions of many of the
States, and in the opinions of their courts, and by writers upon public law, and are uniformly understood in this restricted sense. 3 N. H. 375 ; 5 Ion. 133 ; 9 Mass. 363 ; 6 Binn, 271;
4 Geor. 208. The plaintifPs argument concedes that his ease is not within
the scope of this clause of the constitution, unless its limits are-

464

SUPREME COURT.

Rhodes v. Farmer et al.

enlarged to embrace civil as well as criminal cases; and he insists that the court should depart from the adjudications heretofore made upon this subject. But this cannot be done. There is no error in the record, and the judgment of the supreme court is affirmed.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard -onthe transcript of the record from the supreme court of Pennsylvania, and was argued b counsel. On consideration whereof it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said supreme coijrt in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed. with costs.

JAMEs RIHODES, COMPLAINANT AND APPELLANT, .2. WILLIAM B.
FARMER, WILLIAM FELLOVS, AND CORNELIus FELLOWS.
Where a complainant sought to recover by bill in chancery the proceeds of a judgment hhich he alleged that his debtor had against a third person, and it turned out that his debtor had only an interest of one fourth in this judgment, which fourth was collected and the proceeds paid over to the solicitor of the complainant during the pendenoy of the suit, the bill was properly dismissed at the cost of the complainant.
The assignment of the judgment was, in reality, conditional, although absolute on its face; and the present bill being in the nature of a bill to carry that assignment into effect, in such a case parol evidence is admissible to rebut or explain an equitable interest.
The judgment was nominally assigned to the debtor, but his equitable interest 'n it was only one fourth, which was all that the complainant was entitled to. This fourth being paid before the decree, together with costs up to that time, it was proper to dismiss the bill at the cost of the complainant.
THIs was an appeal from the district court of the United States, for the northern district of Mississippi.
The facts in the case are stated in the opinion of the court.
It was argued by Mr. Phillips,for the appellant, and by M7fr. Bibb, for the appellee.
Mr. Phillipsmade the following points: A judgment creditor is entitled in equity to attach a debt due to the debtor. Bayard v. Hoffman, 4 John. C. 453; Eg~erts v. Pemberton, 7 Ib. 209; Hudson v. Plets, 11 Paige, 182; Candler v. Petit, 1 Ib. 170. Parol evidence was inadmissible to contradict the assignment It is conceded that the design was to invest the party with a "legal title." 1 Story's Eq. §§ 113- 115; 6 Ves. 332; 1 Pet. 16; 3 Greenleaf's Ev. 368. The evidence offered by defendant that .his object wa to

274

SUPREME COURT.

John Gooding, Jr. v. Charles Oliver et al.

tion whereof it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed with costs, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said circuit court for further proceedings to be had therein in conformity
to the opinion of this court.

JOHN GOODING, JUNIOR, ADMINISTRATOR de bonis qnon of JOHN GOODING, DECEASED, APPELLANT, V. CHARLES OLIVER AND ROBERT AL GIB:Es, EXECUTORS OF RoBERT OLIVER, DECEASED.
The decision in the preceding case, of Williams, administrator of Williams v. Oliver's executors, again affirmed.
THIS was an appeal from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Maryland.
In its leading features, it was identical with the preceding case of Williams, administrator of Williams, against the same defendants.
Oliver had purchased Gooding's share in the Mexican Company, from Winchester, the trustee in insolvency, which was passed upon by the Baltimore county court and the Maryland court of appeals, under the same circumstances and at th2 same time with the preceding case.
Gooding died intestate, on the 15th of February, 1839, and John Glenn administered upon his estate on the 15th of February, 1852. John Gooding, Junior, the appellant, afterwards became the administrator de bonis non.
The circuit court dismissed the bill filed by the appellant, and it was argued in this court together with the preceding case.
Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court. This is an appeal from a decree of the circuit court of the United States for the district of Maryland. The case involves the same questions, and is in all respects the same, as the case of the administrator of Williams against the executors of Oliver, just decided. The decree of the court below is therefore reversed, and the case remanded to the court below.
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY, Mr. Justice McLEAN, and Mr. Justice DANIEL, dissented.

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

275

Stafford et ux:. v.Union Bank of Louisiana.

For the opinions of Mr. Chief Justice Taney and Mr. Justice Daniel, see the preceding case of Williams, administrator of Williams, v. Gibbes and Oliver, executors of Robert Oliver, deceased.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the-transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Maryland, and was argued by counsel On consideratiQn whereof it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed with costs, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said circuit court for further proceedings to be had therein, in confortity to the opinion of this court.

IN THE 1_ATTER OF JOSIAH S. STAFFORD AND JEANNETTE KIRK-
LAND, HIS WIFE, APPELLANTS, v. THE UJNION BANK OF
LoUIsIANA.
Where an appeal from a decree in chancery is intended to operate as a supersedeas, the security given in the appeal bond must be equal to the amount of the decree, as it is in the case of a judgment at common law.
Where the security is insufficient, this court will, upon motion of the appellee, lay a rule upon the judge below, to show cause why a mandamus should not issue, cominanding him to carry into execution the decree of the court below.
Upon cause shown by the judge that, having taken what he considered to be good and sufficient security, the cause was appealed to this court which removed it from his jurisdiction, and that he had no power to make an order in the case, this court will order a peremptory mandamus.
But as the security given was sufficient to bring the case before this court by appeal, a mot. in to dismiss the appeal must be overruled.
THIS -was an appeal from the district court of the United States for the State of Texas.
It was before the court at tile last term, and is reported in 16 How, 135.
It will be seen, by a reference to that case, that the court expressed its opinion, that where there was a decree in chancery from which an appeal was taken, in order to make that appeal operate as a supersedeas, the security given in the appeal bond must be equal to the amount of the decree, as it is in the case of a judgment at common law.
It will also be seen, that a motion to dismiss the appeal could not be entertained, because the time had not expired within which the appellant was allowed to file the record; nor could a motion be entertained to award a procedendo.

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.
The City of Providence v. Clapp.
creditors by the cession. 4 Ann. Rep. 492, 493; 11 Louisiana Rep. 521; 8 Rob. 128; 9 lb. 223. Consequently, if, under .the ambiguous or erroneous description in the schedule, this lot must-be regarded as omitted, it still passed by the cession, and Corney had no remaining interest in it.
Neither can there be any constitutional objection to this law of the State. The validity of a state law of this description has been fully recognized in the case of Peale v. Phipps and others, 14 How. 368, and in the .previous cases therein referred to, and cannot now be considered as an open question.
e see no error, therefore, in the judgment of the circuit court, and it must be affixmed..
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United Statesfor the eastern district of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court that. the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

THE CITY OF PROVIDENCE, PLAINTIFF IN EIROR, R. CLAPP.

. DANIE

The statutes of Rhode Island require towns to keep the highways safe and conve-

nient for travellers, at all seasons of the yeari and, in case of neglect, " that they

shall be liable to all persons, who may in anywise suffer injury to their persons or

property, by reason of any such neglect."

I

These s.atutes extend to cities as well as towns, (or townships,) and also to sidewalks, where they constitute a part of the public highways. The city of Providence was, therefore, bound to keep those side-walks convenient and safe, in- a reasonable degree, for pedestrians; and, when a fall of Snow took place, it was the duty of the city to use ordinary care ani diligence to restore the side-walk to a reasonably safe and convenient state.
It was for the jury to find whether or not this was accomplished, by treading down the snow; and, if not, whether the want of safetyand convenience was owing to the want of ordinary care and diligence on the part of-the city. - -

In considering whether due diligence required the city to remove the snow, the jury ought to take into consideration the ordinances enacted by the city, not as prescribilg a rule binding on the city, but as evidence of the fact that a removal, and not-a treading down of the snow,-was reasonably necessary.

THIS case was brought up by writ of error, from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Rho'de Islan'd.
It was a suit brought by Clapp against th-eof ci'ty 'rov-
idence, to recover damages for an injury occasioned by an- ob-, struction on the side-walk in one of its principal stieets. The
14*

162

SUPREME COURT.

The City of Providence v. Clap'p.

obstruction consisted of a ridge of hard-trodden snow and ice, on the centre of the side-walk, along which the plaintiff was passing in the night time, and by means of which he fell across the ridge, breaking his thigh-bone in an oblique direction. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, and assessed his damages at $3,379.50.
The circumstances of the case, and the rulings of the court which gave rise to the bills of exceptions upon which the case came up, are stated in the opinion of the court
It was argued by Mr. Ames, for the plaintiff in error, and by MI1r. .encks, for the defendant.
The points made by Mr. Ames were the following : 1. That the duty of the towns and cities of Rhode Island, in dealing with falls of snow in their highways and streets, is created and imposed- solely by the statutes of Rhode Island, and must be measured by the standard appointed by those statutes.
2. That the liability of said towns and cities, in civil actions, to individuals, for injuries sustained by them in their persons or property, through neglect of duty on the part of said towns or cities, in mending their highways and streets, and in removing therefrom permanent obstacles to passage, as well as temporary ones caused by the falls of snow, is created and imposed solely by said statutes, and cannot be extended beyond the statute measure thereof. Russell v. Inhabitants of Devon, 2 T. R. 667; Mower v. Inhabitants of Leicester, 9 Mass. R. 247; Loker v. Inhabitants of Brookline, 13 Pick. R. 346; Tisdale v. Inhabitants of Boston, 8 Met. R. 388; Holman v. Inhabitants of Townsend, 13 Ib.297, 300 ; Brailey v. Southborough, 6 Cush. R.
141,142; Hull v. Richmond, 2 Woodb. and Minot's R. 341,342; Reed v. Inhabitants of Belfast, 20 Maine 1. 246; Chidsey v. Canton, 17 Conn. R. 478-480; Morey v. Town of Newfane, 8 Barb. Sup. Ct. R. 646, 648, 650-653; Lumley v. Gye, 20 Eng. Law and Eq. R. 189; Sawyer v. Inhabitants of Northfield, 7 Cush. 494-496; Smith v. Inhabitants of Dedham, 8 1b. 524; Farnum v. Concord, 2 New Hamp. R. 392.
3. That, by the statute of Rhode Island, entitled " An act for
the mending-of highways and bridges," the towns and cities of Rhode Island are bound only to keep their highways and streets open, in case of falls of snow, so as to be passable for travel. lers, and not to keep them from being slippery from ice or trod. den-down snow; and that the requisition, in this statute, that the highways and streets be kept safe and convenient for travellers, at all seasons of the year, refers, so far as the incumbrance of snow is concerned, if it refer at all to such incumbrance, to

DECEMBER TERM,' 1854.

163

The City of Providence v. Clapp.

safe and convenient passage through and over the same, in

opposition to allowing the highways to remain, in case of falls

of snow, blocked up and impeded thereby, so as to be unsafe and inconvenient of passage, and not to safety and conve- °

nience, in the sense of being kept free from ice or trodden-down

snow, so that foot travellers or cattle may not slip or fall

thereon.

That this appears, from the language used in the 1st 'section

of said act, applied to its subject- in the climate of New Eng-

land, as well as by collating therewith the 14th 'and 15th sec-

tions of the -same statute, and the 6th section of the- act enti-

tled "An act for mending highways," passed in 1798, and that

the above construction of said statute is the accustomed, sen-

sible - and,-indeed, looking to the'statute as a practical guide

to duty- the necessary construction to be put thereon. Digest

of Laws of R. L of 1798, pp. 386, 087; lb. of 1844, pp. 323,

326.

4. That the acts of the State of Rhode Island, relating to

the side-walks of the city of Providence, do not change, in any

way, nor extend the duty or liability of said city, in relation to

the incumbrance thereon of snow, but were procured to be

passed by said city, merely to enable it to provide for the build-

ing and maintaining of side-walks in said city, in a mbde and

at a charge and through an instrumentality differeht from those

applied by law to other portions of the streets. '

I

6, That, still less do the ordinances of said city, requiring'the

owners and occupants of lots and buildings therein to remove

all the snow from the side-walks in front of the same, within a'

specified time, under penalty for neglect in this' respect, create

or extend or change the character of the duty of the city, in

regard to the incumbrance 'of snow, nor create nor extend nor

change the character of the liability of said city, for injdries

occasioned by the said incumbrance. Levy v. l fayor, &9., (if

New York, -1 Sandf. Sup. Ct. N. Y. R. 465.

6. That said side-walk acts and ordinances afford no test or

standard of the degree or kind of care, or mode of dealing with

falls of snow, required of the city of Providence'by the statute

of Rhode Island, entitled "An act for the mending of high-

ways and bridges," which, notwithstanding said acts and 6rdi-

nances, and the different condition of Providence, applies the

same standard, in this respect, to the other towns of the State,

as to said city; but are municipal regulations merely, extend-

ing the powers of the city of Providence, and by-laws 'passed'

by the legislative body of said city, imposing duties 'and lia:-,

bilities upon her citizens, in respect to side-walks, and, the

removal, of snow therefrom, Without increasing or extending

her own.

SUPREME COURT.
The City of Providence v. Clapp.
The points made by Mr. Tencks, for the defendant in error, were the following: -
1. That the statute of Rhode Island entitled "An act for the mending of highways and bridges," imposes upon the towns and citics of that State, the duty of keeping highways in a safe and convenient condition for travellers, at all seasons of the year, and creates a liability on the part of such town or city, to any person using such highway with ordinary and proper care, who suffers injury in consequence of any defect in such highway, or obstruction thereon which the town or city might have removed by the use of ordinary care and diligence, and which while thus negligently suffered to remain, rendered such highway inconvenient and unsafe. Cassedy v. Stockbridge, 21 Vermont, 391. Frost v. Portland, 11 Maine, 271; Bigelow v. Weston, 3 Pick. 267; Springer v. Bowdoinham, 7 Greenl. 442; Raymond v. Lowell, 6 Cush. 534.
2. That this duty and liability extends to side-walks when they constitute a part of the highway or public streets; and such side-walks are required to be kept in a safe and convenient condition for pedestrians, as the roadway is for horses and carriages. Brady v. City of Lowell, 3 Cush. 121; Bacon v. City of Boston, Ib. 174; Drake v. City of Lowell, 13 Met. 292.
3. That the degree of convenience and safety which is required by said statute, and the degree of care and diligence which the towns and cities must bestow upon the highways, in order to relieve themselves from liability under the statute requirement, have relation to the nature and uses of the highway, and the frequency of its uses. That the same' standard is not to be applied to the principal thoroughfares of the city of Providence, as to a cross road in the country, but that the law as to the extent of repair, and what will constitute obstructions rendering a public way unsafe and inconvenient, must depend, in a good degree, on the locality of the road.
4. That the law is the same when applied to obstructions of highways or side-walks by snow, as to any other obstruction, and the duties and liabilities of towns and cities in reference to the want of safety and convenience in their highways, caused by snow, as when caused by other obstructions.
That the latter clause of the first section of the statute does not vary or limit the duty imposed by the first clause, but is directory to the surveyor of highways in the performance of his
duty; .and that the word "p assable," means safely and conveniently passable, as well when applied to side-walks, as to the other portions of the travelled highway. Loker v. Brookline,
13 Pick. 343. 5. That the several statutes of Rhode Island, concerning side-

DECEMBER TERM, 18.4.

165

The City of Providence v. Clapp.

walks in the city of Providence, authorize the construction of side-walks in said city, and such side-walks being constructed and accepted by the city, under the authority of said act, it becomes
the duty of the said city to keep said side-walks in a safe and convenient condition for pedestrians, at all sea.ons of the year. That whenever a fall of snow shall render any such side-walk, not conveniently safe and passable, the city is bound to use ordinary care and diligence to restore said side-walk to a reasonably safe and convenient state. That the sttute referring generally to all highways, and all parts of such highways, points
out the two modes, one of removing the snow, and the other of treading it down, for $he purpose of rendering such highways safe and convenient; and the city of Providence, by their ordl-
nances, have prescribed the rnle for thetrselves and their citizens, by directing a removal of the snow from the side-walks, and
have provided for the enforcement of this rule by their officers, and by penalties on the owners and occupants of estates.
6. That the public statute contemplates a removal of the snow in some cases, and a treading down in others, is manifest from the nature of the obstruction itself; it being an obstruction to travellers with sleds and sleighs, only when drifted or lying light,
and subject to drift; as when trod down it greatly facilitates all travelling with vehicles adapted to the altered condition of the
roads. But snoy, under all conditions, is an obstruction to the pedestrian, and his safety and convenience are best provided
for by an entire removal of it from his path. Hence the obligation to make the pathway set apart for such travellers, safe and
convenient,in a large city, and along one ofits principal thoroughfares , is not satisfied by leaving the snow to be trod down as it
felI in drifts, or to be thawed and frozen into ridges of several inches in height, in such a manner as to throw down pedestrians
using ordinary care and caution, although the side-walk might be passable in the sense that the snow was to be waded through or climbed over, or otherwise avoided by such travellers.

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court.
Thiz is a writ of error to the circuit court of the United States for the district of Rhode Island.
The suit was brought in the court below against the city of Providenc6, to recover damages for an injury occasioned by an
obstruction on the side-walk in one qf its principal streets. The obstruction consisted of a ildge of hard-trodden snow and ice on the centre of the side-walk, along which the plaintiff was passing in the night time, and by means of which he fell across the ridge, breaking his thigh-bone in an oblique direction.
After the evidence closed; the counsel for the defendants

SUPREME COURT.
The City of Providence v. Clapp.
prayed the court to charge the jury that the statutes of Rhode Island, requiring highways to be kept in repair, and amended from time to time, so that the same may be safe and convenient for travellers at all seasons of the year, as far as respected obstructions from falls of snow, merely required that the snow should be trodden down or removed, so that the highways should not be blocked up or incumbered with snow; but did not require that said highways should be free from snow or ice, so that the traveller should not be in danger of slipping thereon; and that the said snow being so trodden down and hardened into ice, and the side-walk not blocked up or incumbered therewith, but open and passable in the sense of the statute, in this case the defendants were not liable.
The counsel for the defendants, also, after referring to the statutes authorizing the city of Providence to build and repair side-walks, and also to the ordinances of the city passed in pursuance thereof, further prayed the court to charge, fiat neither the said statutes nor the ordinances defined or enlarged the duty or liability of the city as to the removal of snow from the side-walks, beyond that under the general statute of the State, nor were they evidence of the degree of care required of the city by the general statute; but that, notwithstanding the same, the city would not be liable under the general law, if the snow on the side-walk was trodden down so as to be open and passable.
The court refused so to charge; but charged, that, by the statute law of the State, the city was obliged to keep this street conveniently and safely passable at all seasons of the year; that, by a special act, the legislature having authorized the city to have side-mWalks designed for foot passengers, it was bound to keep those side-walks convenient and safe for pedestrians; that the law did not require absolute convenience or safety, b-dt safety and convenience in a reasonable degree, having reference to the uses of the way and frequency of its uses; that, when a fall of snow takes place, so as to render a side-walk not conveniently and safely passable, it was the duty of the city to use ordinary care and diligence to restore it to a reasonably safe and convenient state. That the law does not prescribe how this shall be done, whether by treading down or removing the snow; and that it was for the jury to find, as matter of fact, whether the side-walk, at the time in question, was in a reasonably safe and convenient state, having reference to its uses; and if it was not so, whether its want of safety End convenience was owing to the want of ordinary care and diligence on the part of the city.; and in considering whether due diligence required the city to remove the snow, the jury ought to take into consideration the ordinances, not as prescribing a rule binding*on the city, but as

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

167

The City of.Providence v. Clapp.

evidence of the fact that a removal, and,not a treading down of

the snow, wds reasonably necessary.

The Is, section of the ,statute of Rhode Island concerning

highways and bridges, provides, "that all highways, town-ways,

and causeways, &c., lying and being within the bounds of any

town, shall be kept in repair and amended, from time to time,

so that the same may.be safe and convenient for travellers, with

their teams, &c.," at all seasons of the year,, at the proper charge

and expense of such town, under the care and direction Qf the

surveyor or surveyor* of highways, appointed by law. , The

surveyors. are then authorized to remove all sorts of obstructions

or things that shall in any.way straiten, hinderq, or,incommode

any highway or town-way, and when blocked up or incumbered

with snow, they shall cause so much thereof to be removed or

trod down as will render the road passable.'

Among other provisions conferring upon the, towns power to

repair and amend the, public highways, the 4th section enacts

that each town, at some public meeting of the electors, shall

vote and raise such sm of money, to be expendedi.nlabor and

materials. on the highways, as they may deem necessary for that

purpose; and either the assessors or the town council,:as the

town may direct, shall assess the -same on the ratable estate of

ihe inhabitants, and all others, owning ratable property therein,

as other town taxes are by law assessed.'

And the 13th -ection provides that if the towvn shall neglect to

keep in good repair its, highways and bridges, she shall be liable

to indictment, and "shall also be liable to 'all.persons who may

in anywise suffer 'injury to. their persons or property by reason

*of any such neglect"

.

It is admitted that-tle defendant-, are not liable for the injury

complained of at common law, but" that the plaintiff must bring

the case within the above statute to sustain the action, It must

also be adxiitted, that the act applies to cities a8 wellas towns,

and also to side-walks where they constitute a part of the public ihway. This has been repeatedly held by th . state courts in

several States, under statutes substantially like the one,.under consideration. 13, Pick. 343; 13 Met. 297; 3 Cush. 121,,1-74; 4 Ib. 247; "6 lb. 141, 524;. 7 Greenl,. 442; 15',Verm. 708; .19 lb. 470; 21 b. 391; 2 N. Hamp.,392; 35 Maine, 100; Ib. 242.
The counsel for thedefendants, coneeding this view of. the statute, and of the liability-of the city generally,contends that,
as it respects obstructions or impediments occasioned by the fall - of snow, and accumulations of ice, the liability is qualified, aind
exists only in case of neglect to .treaddown or remove the snow, sothat the hack be not blocked up and ineumnbered thereby.,?
and that, if the street. or. side-walk is passable oby not being

SUPREME COURT.
The City of Providence v. Clapp.
blocked up and incumbered with snow, as it respects this kind of obstruction, it is made safe and convenient within the meaning of the statute. And the latter clause of the 1st section of the act which directs that when the highways are blocked up or incumbered with snow, the surveyor shall cause so much thereof to be removed or trod down as will render the road passable; and also the 13th and 14th sections, which authorize the towns to impose penalties for the removal of snow from highways, and subjects the town to an indictment for neglect therein, are referred to as countenancing this modified liability.
But it will be found, on looking into the several decisioiis under a similar act in Massachusetts, that no distinction exists between obstructions of a public highway by falls of snow, and those of any other description. In the case of Loker v. Brookline, 13 Pick. 346, 347, Morton, J., speaking of the 1st section of the statute, observes, that language so general and explicit cannot be misunderstood or restrained. It must extend to all kinds of defects, as well as to all seasons of the year; and an obstruction caused-by snow is as clearly included as one caused by flood, or tempest, or any other source of injury. See also, [3 Met. 297; 6 Cush. 141.
The foundation of the action rests mainly on the 1st and 13th sections of the statute. The 1st imposes upon the town the duty of keeping in repair and amending the highways within its limits, so that the same may be safe and convenient for travellers at all seasons of the year; and the 13th declares, that if the towns shall neglect to keep in good repair its highways and bridges, it shall be liable to indictment, and shall also " be liable to all persons who may in anywise suffer-injury to their persons or property by reason of any such neglect."
The other provisions, and among them those referred to by the counsel, relate to the powers conferred upon the towns to enable them to fulfil the obligations enjoined, and to the powers and duties of the several officers having charge of the repairs of the highways.. Ample means are furnished the several tovns to discharge their obligations under the statute.
The act of 1821, amended by the act of 1841, confers powers upon the city of Providence, to build and keep in repair their side-walks, at the expense of the owners of the adjoining lots; and as may be seen from the several ordinances of the city, given in evidence, these powers have been liberally exercised for the purpose.
The powers of the towns and of the city are as ample for the purpose of removing obstructions from the highways, streets, und side-walks, arising from falls of snow and accumulations of ice, as those arising from any other cause; and the reason for

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

169

The City of Providencc v. Clapp.

the removal, so that they may be safe and convenient for trav-

ellers, is the same in the one case as in the others. The 13th

section of the act which gives the personal remedy, makes no

distinction in the two cases; and, in the absence of somie plain

distinction pointed out by the statute, it would be -exceedingly

difficult, if not impossible, to state one. It is conceded: that an

obstruction from falls of snow or accumulations of ice must be

removed by the towns and cities, so as to make th6 highways

and streets passable; and that this is a duty expressly, enjoined

upon them. The question is, what sort of removal will satisfy

the requirement of the statute? It is admitted that, as it re-

spects every other species of obstruction, the repairs must be

such that the highways and streets may be safe and convenient

for travellers; arId thal this is a question of fact to be deter-

mined by the jury. Is an obstruction by snow or ice to be de-

termined by any other rule, or by any other. tribunal? The

counsel for the defendants suggests, that as it respects such

safety and convenience for travellers in case of falls of snow,

the statute should be construed as meaning merely that the

snow should be trodden down or removed, as that the highways

and streets should not be so blocked up or incumbered as not

to be safely and conveniently open and passable. But it is quite

clear that this would be a very indefinite and uncertain rule to guide either the officers, whose duty it is to remove these, -ob;

struetions, or the jury in passing upon them when the subject

of legal proceedings. The suggestion may.be very well as an

argument to the jury, for the purpose of satisfying them that

the repairs in the manner mentioned were such as to fulfil the

requirement of the statute, but to lay it down as a rule of law

in the terms stated, might in many cases, and under the circum-

stances, fall far short of it.

The treading down of snow when it falls in great depth, or

in case of drifts, so that the highway or street shall not be

blocked up or incumbered, mayin some sense, and for the time

being, have the effect to remove the obstruction; but as -it re-

spects the side-walks and their uses, this remedy.would be, at

best, temporary; and, in case of rains or extreme changes of

weather, would have the effect to increase rather than remove

it. It is but -common observation, and -knowledge of those

familiar with the climate of our northern latitudes, that not un-

frequently the most serious obstructions arise from the great

depth of snow and changes in the temperature of the weather;

and that simply treading down the snow, and leaving it in that

condition without further attention, would have the effect to

render the highways and side-walks utterly impassable.

In the case also of obstructions from snow, the side.walks may

VOL'. XVIi.

15

170

SUPREME COURT.

The Schooner Catharine et al. v. Dickinson et al.

frequently require its removal, so as to make a safe and convenient passage for the pedestrian, when, at the same time, the treading of it down in the street would answer the purpose for
the traveller with his team. The nature and extent of the repairs must necessarily depend upon their location and uses; those thronged with travellers may require much greater attention than others less frequented.
The just rule of responsibility, and the one, we think, prescribed by the statute, whether the obstruction be by snow or by any other material, is the removal or abatement so as to render the highway, street, or side-walk, at all times safe and convenient, regard being had to its locality and uses.
We are satisfied the ruling of thi court below was correct, and that the judgment should be affirmed.

Mr. Justice DANIEL dissented.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Rhode Island, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with c6sts, and interest until paid, at the same rate per annum that similar judgments bear in the courts of the State of Rhode Island.

THE SCHOONER CATHARINE, HER TACKLE, &C., STARKS W. LEwis AND OTHERS, OWNERS AND CLAIMANTS, APPELLANTS, v. NOAH DIcKINSON AND OTHERS, LIBELLANTS.
In cases of collision, where the injured vessel has been abandoned, the measure of damages is the difference between her value in her crippled condition and her value before the collision; and this is to be ascertained by the testimony of experts, who can judge of the probable expense of raising and repairing the vessel.
But where the vessel has been actually raised and repaired, the actual cost incurred is the true measure of indemnity.
Where two sailina vessels were approaching each other in opposite directions, one closehauled to the wind, and tbd other with the wind free, the weight of evidence is. that the vessel which was closehauled, luffed just previous to the collision. This was wrong; she should have kept her course.
The other vessel had not a sufficient look-out; the rxcuse given, namely, that all hands had, just previously, been called to reef the sails, is not sufficient.
Both vessels being thus in fault, the loss must be divided.
THIS was an appeal in admiralty, from a decree of the circuit

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

417

Adms"et al. v. Law.

JAiMES DAMS, EXECUTOR OF THOMAS LAW, DECEASED, AND
HENRY MAY, ADMINISTRATOR OF EDMUND AND THOMAS LAW,
APPELLANTS, V. JOSEPH ". LAW, BY HIS NEx'r FRIEND,
M yr RoBINSON.*
Where marriage articles, executed as an autenuptial settlement, recited the intention of the parties to provide a jointure for the wife, in lieu of dower, and then property was conveyed to a trustee, for the use of the husband for life, then f r the use of the wife for life ; and in case of the death of the wife during the lifetime of the husband, leaving issue of the said marriage, one or more children then living, then from, and immediately after the decease of the husband, upon trust for the child or children of the said intended marriage, this does not include grandchildren.
The wife having died before the husband, leaving no child alive, but only grandchildren, thes. did not take.
The cases examined. A motion to amend the decree and mandate of this court, so as to exclude the grandchildren from the distribution of the fund, as legatees, upon the ground that they had electdd to renounce their interest under the will of their grandfather, and claim under the marriage settlement, overruled.
THIS -was an appeal from the circuit, court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington.
The opinion of the court states the marriage articles between Thomas Law and Elizabeth Park Custis, and the further history of the matter, up to the death of Thomas La*, in 1834.
In 1832, Thomas Law executed a will, in which he bequeathed $5,000 each to Thomas Law and Edmund Law, the sons of the late John Law, Esq., of Washington. These parties were represented by Henry May, their administrator, and one of the appellants. James Adams was the executor of the wl
He also bequeathed to a lad named Joseph Edmund-Law, the sc a of Mary Robinson, the sum of $1,000. This was the complainant below, and appellee in this court.
In 1888, the above-named Joseph E. Law filed his bill in the circuit court, by his next friend, Mary Robinson, against Adams, the executor,, praying that he might be ordered to invest the sum of $1,000, and pay the interest thereof to the complainant; and by an amended bill, prayed that Edmund and Thomas Law, Edmund Rogers, Eliza Rogers, and Eleanor Rogers, and the other heirs of Eliza P. Custisi together with sundry other persons, might be made parties.
In order to understand the position of the respective parties, it is proper to mention that the only child of the marriage' between Thomas Law and Eliza P. Custis, -was a daughter
* fr. Chief Justice TANEY having been.formerly consulted as counsel, did not sit on the trial of this cause.

418

SUPREME COURT.

Adams et al. v. Law.

nAmed Eliza, who intermarried with Lloyd N. Rogers. Eliza Rogers died in the lifetime of her mother. At the time of these proceedings, Edmund Rogers and Eleanor Rogers were the oly surviving children of Lloyd N. Pogers and Eliza, his
wife. On the 29th of December, 1832, during the lifetime of
Thomas Law, Lloyd N. Rogers obtained from the orphans' court of Washington county, D. C., letters of administration upon the personal estate of Mrs. Elizabeth P. C. Law; and, as administrator, claimed the arrearages of the annuity of $1,500, payable to Mrs. Law, with interest thereon, from the periods respectively, when the said annuity became payable and was
in arrears.
This claim arose in this way. On the 9th of August, 1804, Thomas and Eliza Law, being desirous of separating, owing to domestic differences, Law executed to George Calvert and Thomas Peters a deed of certain real estate, to secure, by way of mortgage, to his said wife, Eliza P. Law, an annuity during her life of $1,500, for her own separate use and benefit, the said real estate, at her death, to be reconveyed to Thomas Law and his heirs, clear of all incumbrances imposed by Calvert and
Peters. It should have been mentioned that, by a codicil to his will,
Thomas Law bequeathed to his grandchildren, Edmund, Eliza, and Eleanor Rogers, five thousand dollars, with a provision, that it should be null and of no effect, if they should set
up a claim under the marriage settlement. All the parties being before the circuit court, an interlocttory
decree was passed referring the case to the auditor, and James Adams was'appointed trustee to sell the property, &c., &c.
The auditor made six reports, running from October, 1848, to September, 1852, on which day the last was filed. Exceptions were filed by Henry May, administrator of Thomas and Edmund Law, and also by Adams, the executor of the will.
It is not material to state any other exceptions than those upon which the case came up to this court. These related to the two following claims :-
1. The claim of Lloyd N. Rogers, as administrator of Eliza P. Custis, the wife of the testator, amounting, in fact, to
$29,249.33.
2. A claim of Edmund and Eleanor Rogers, grandchildren
of Thomas Law and his wife Eliza P., $66,154.84. If these claims should be admitted, the estate would be ex-
hausted, and there would be nothing for the legatees. In December, 1852, the circuit court passed a final decree,
overruling the exceptions, and establishing, amongst other things,
the two following orders: -

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

419

Adams et al. v. Law.

1. That the defendants, )Edmund Law and Eleanor A. Rogers, as grandchildren of Mr. Law and children of- Mrs. Rogers, take under the words of the deeds of 1796, 1800, and 1802.
6. That the administrator of Mrs. Law is entitled -to the arrears of the annuity of $1,500, from the 9th of August, 1804, to the death of Mrs. Law, with intetest.
From this decree, lay and Adams appealed to this court.
It was argued by Tr. Brent and Mlfr. May, for the appellants, and by 1Mr. Carligle and l9r. Coxe, for the' appellees.
The reader will find references to the authorities in the opinion of the court.

Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court. .James Adams, the appellant, whose account, as executor of Thomas Law, deceased, was the subject-matter of the decree below, excepts to it for the allowance of the two following items : 1. The claim of Lloyd N. Rogers, as administrator of Eliza P. Custis,'the wife of the testator, amounting to the sum of $29,249.33. 2. A claim of Edmund and Eleanor Rogers, grandchildren of Thomas Law and Eliza, amounting to $66,154.84. 1. As the court is equally divided as to the legality of the first item, the decree must stand affinied as to that amount, without further remark. "2.The claim of the grandchildren will require more extended notice.
This claim is founded on certain marriage articles, executed between Thomas Law, of the first part, Elizabeth Park Cusjis, of the second part, and James Barry, of the third part, on the 19th day of March, 1796. They recite that a marriage isintended between said Thomas and Elizabeth, and that "it is the wish and design of the parties that a jointure should be made to the said Elizabeth, in lieu and bar of all claim on the estate" of said Thomas, &c., &c. In consideration of the marriage portion-money, &c., the said Law conveys to James Barry certain real estate "to the said James Barry, his heirs, and assigns, forever, upon the trusts and to and for the uses, intents, and purposes following, that is to say: for the use of the said
Thomas Law, his heirs, and assigns, until the solemnization of the said intended marriage, and afterwards to permit and suffer him, the said Thomas Law, to receive all the issues and profits of the said lands and premises, during the term of his natural life6, for his own use; and immediately after the decease 'of the said Thomas Law, in case the said Elizabeth Park Custis shall

SUPREME COURT.
Adams et al. v. Law.
survive him, her intended husband, that she, the said Elizabeth Park Custis, shall have, accept, and receive the issues and profits of the said lands and premises, for and during the term of her natural life, to and for her own use and benefit; but in case the said Elizabeth shall depart this life in the lifetime of the said Thomas Law, leaving issue of the said marriage one or more children then living, then, from and immediately after the decease of the said Thomas Law, upon trust for the child or children of the said intended marriage, to be equally divided between them, if more than one; to have and to hold the same lands and premises, as tenants in common in fee-simple, share and share alike; and if only one child, then to such child, his or her heirs and assigns forever; but in case there shall be no issue of said marriage, then, upon the death of the said Thomas Law and Elizabeth Park Custis, and the survivor or survivors of them, to revert back to the said Thomas Law, his heirs, or assigns, or subject to be disposed of by him by last will and testament, or other deed, as he may judge proper."
The marriage between the parties was solemnized in the same year. Afterwards, (in 1800,) Mr. and Irs. Law joined in another deed, substituting 'I.-iomas Peters as trustee instead of Barry, and other property in place of that conveyed to Barry, but subject to the conditions and limitations of the marriage articles. And again, in 1802, another change was made in the property, subject to the same limitations. The daughter and only child of this marriage intermarried with Lloyd N. Rogers, and died before her mother, leaving children, the claimants, Edmund and Eleanor Rogers. iM~rs. Law died in 1832, and the testator in 1834.
The only question for our decision is, whether the grandchildren, Edmund and Eleanor Rogers, took any thing by the deed of settlement?
It is clear, from the face of this deed, that it is an executed marriage settlement, and that it must be expounded on legal principles applicable to other deeds. Limitations, either of
legal or equitable estates, receive the same construction in a court of equity as in courts of law. "In executed trusts, whether by deed or will, the rule of law must prevail, and the apparent intention must give way to those fundamental rules, which for ages have served as landmarks in the disposition of property." 2 Spences Equity, 131.
The trustee in Tihis decd had xo duty to perform; and as the estate is not limited to his own use, tile trusts are but uses, and are executed as such by the statute. The object and purpose declared by the parties are, to secure a jointure to the'intended wife in lieu and bar of dower, and to release the marital rights

DECEMBER TERI,1854.

421

Adams et al. v. Law.

of the husband over the separate estate of the wife, in posses-

sion and expectancy. The settled property belonged entirely to

the husband. The eftate limited to the wife is contingent.on

her surviving her husband, in whom an estate for life is absolutely vested. If the life-estate of the wife should vest by the

contingency of her survivorship, there is no provision for the

children or issue of the marriage, and the fee reverts to the right

heirs of the husband. The estate limited to the children of MNrs.

Law is a contingent reniainder, depending on the event that

Mrs. Law shall " depart this life in the lifetime of said Thomas Law, leaving issue of said marriage, one or more children then

living," &c.

Does this description include grandchildren? We think,- it

does not.

The word " issue" is a general term, which, if not qualified

or explained, may be construed to include grandchildren as well

as childien. But the legal construction of the word "children"

accords with its popular signification, namely, as designating

the immediate offspring. See Jarman on Wills, 51. It is true,

in the construction of wills, where greater latitude is allowed,

in order to effect the obvious intention of the testator, grand-

children have been allowed to take, under a devise I"to my sur-

viving children." But even in a will, this word will not be

construed to mean grandchildren, unless a strong case of inten-

tion or necessary implication requires it. Hence it is decided,

that a power of appointment to children will not authorize an appointment to grandchildren. Robinson'v. Hardeastle, 2 Bro.

Ch.344; 4 Kent's Com. 345. In Reeves v. Brymer, it is said,

by Lord Alvanley, that "children may nmean grandchildren wvhen there can be no other construction, but not otherwise." 4 VYes.

697.

The declared object of this deed is jointure, not a settlement

for the issue of the intended marriage; ror there is no provision made for them, in case the wife should survive the husband.

The contingency, also, on which this remainder depends, is not

the leaving issue generally of the marriage; but the ".issue" to whom the estate is limited are described and defined to be " one

or more children living," to be equally divided between them, if

more than one, and, "if only one child, to such child, his heirs,"

&c. There is no provision for the issue of deceased children,

or for grandchildren, under any circumstances' The parties

have carefully defined what they mean by "issue," and the

court, in construction of their solemn deed, have no, right to distort its plain meaning, to meet-contingencies not provided

for. It is an ancient and well-settled rule of construction, that,

"where a deed speaks by general words and afterwards descends

VOL. XVII.

86

SUPREME COURT.
Adams et al. v. Law.
to special words, if the special words agree to the general words, the deed shall be intended according to the special words; for, if the general words should stand without any qualification, the special words would be altogether void, and of no effect." 8 Rep. 307.
Hence, in the construction both of wills and deeds, where the instrument has not, so carefully as in the present case, limited the word "issue" to children living, &c., but where the term is uc'ed without qualification, and is in another part of the same instrument supplied by the word child, or children, as a synonym, the courts have uniformly restrained its signification fo children. Thus, in Carter v. Bentall, 2 Beav. 557, where the devise was a moiety to "issue" of his daughter, and, if only one child, then to such one child, and the trustee was ordered to lay out the dividends in the maintenance of such "issue," Lord Langdale, M. R., held that the word issue was thus explained by the testator to mean " children."
In the case of Lo-veday v. Hopkins, Ambler, 27 3, it was held that grandchildren were not entitled under a bequest to "heirs," because the term appeared, by the context of the will, to be used in the sense of children.
In Swift v. Swift, 8 Sim. 168, by marriage articles the jointure property was limited, after the death of the survivor, on the c"issue" of the marriage living at the death, in equal share if more than one, and if but one, to go to such "child." The only child of the marriage died before the contingency, leaving a child. . It was held that "issue" was to be construed "child," and the legacy did not vest in the grandchild.
It wou'ld lead to too great prolixity to examine particularly the very numerous cases in which similar language has received the same construction. A reference to a few more directly in point will suffice. Fitzgerald v. Field, 1 Russell, 430; Needham v. Smith, 4 lb. 318; Ridgeway v. Munkittrick, 1 Drury and Warren, 84; Peel v. Catlow, 9 Sim. 373; Jennings v. Newman, 10 lb. 223; Tawney v. Ward, 1 Beav. 563; Winn v. Fenwick, 11 lb. 438; Campbell v. Sandys, 1 Schoales and Lefroy, 281.
Being of opinion, therefore, that the grandchildren took nothing under the limitations of the deed of marriage settlement, the decree'of the court below is reversed, as to the allowance of $66,154.84, made to Edmund and Eleanor Rogers, and affirmed as to the residue; and the record remitted, with directions to make distribution accordingly.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record

DECEM-BER TERM, 1854.

423

Adams et. al. v. Law.

from the circuit court of the United States, for the District of Columbia, Ifolden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this court that the grandchildren took nothing under the limitations of the deed of marriage settlement; whereupon it isnow here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that so much of the decree of the said circuit court as allows $66,154,1 to Edmund and Eleanor Rogers be and the same is hereby reversed and annulled, and that the residue of the said decree b3e and the same is hereby affirmed, and that this cause be and tihe sanie is hereby remanded to the said circuit court, with directions to
make distribution accordingly, and to proceed therein in conformity to the opinion of this court.
And it is further ordered and decreed by this court that the
costs in this court be paid out Of the fuind by the trustee.

After Order.

ilessrs.Brent and I1ay having, oil a prior day of the present

term, to wit: on Friday the 16th instant, filed a motion in the words and figures following, to wit:-
" The above appellants come here and move the holiorable

supreme court so to amend tieir decree'and the mandate to be remanded thereon, as to declare that the grande hildren of the

testator, Thomas Law, by reason of their election and renunciation as shown in the interlocutory decree of the circuit court, -

(see page 66 of the record,) are not entitled as legatees of said

testator to participate in the distribution of the fund in controversy. And in making this motion, the appellants suggest that

this question arises on the record'in this court, and that it is the

practice of this court to settle all questions apparent on the

record, to prevent future appeals, and e.pecially where, as in this case, the eflrct of the election and remnciation only becomes

material in carrying out the decree of this court, disallowing the, claim- which the appellees elected to abide by; all of.which is

respectfully submitted.

ROBERT J. BRENT,

·H. MAY, for appellants."

And the court having duly considered tie same, Mr.Justice M'LEAN announced the iollowing decision tlhireupon. to wit:
"The court hold that the pleadings in the case (o10 n embrace the point stated in the above motion. The heirs referred to, the children of Mrs. Rogers, having 'reliiiquished' all claim under the will, and claimed tunder tie deed of settlement, the court held they were not entitle(I to any partof the estate under the deed of settlement, on-a donstruction of that instru-
ment. Under these circumstances, whether they can 6laim as distributees of the general estate, is -a question not. considered
by the court. The motion is therefore overruled."

426

SUPREME COURT.

The City of Boston v. Lecraw.

THE CITY OF BOSTO.,, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. DAVID M
LEcRAw.
By the old laws of -Massachusetts, a littoral proprietor of land owned down to lowwater mark; subject, however, to the condition that, until he occupied the space between high and low-water mark the public had a right to use it for the purposes of navigation.
The city of Boston had the same right as other littoral proprietors, and consequently had the control over a dock which was situated between two wharves ; one end of the dock being at high-water mark, and the other at low-water mark. It had, therefore, the right to construct a sewer for the purpose of carrying off the drainage from the high water, to the low-water en.d of the dock.
The city had not dedicated the dock to public uses by merely abstaining from any control over it. The principles which regulate a dedication to public uses, examined.
Although the presumption of such a dedication is a question of fact for the jury, vet it is for the court to instruct them what facts, if proved, will justify spch a presumption.
THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Rhode Island.
It was a suit originally commenced in the circuit court of the United States for the district of Massachusetts, and removed into the circuit court of Rhode Island, upon the ground that Mr. Justice Curtis was so connected with the plaintiff as to render it, in his opinion, improper for him to sit in the trial of the suit; and that Judge Sprague was an inhabitant of Boston, and concerned ininterest in this cause, so as to render it, in his opinion, improper for him to sit in the trial thereof. It was therefore ordered, (both judges concurring,) that an authenticated copy of the record and all proceedings in the suit, should be certified to the circuit court of Rhode Island.
Lecraw, a citizen of New Hampshire, as surviving partner of the firm of Lecraw and Perkins, brought an action on the case against the city of Boston, for erecting a public nuisance, which was specially injurious to the plaintiff.
Lecraw was in possession of a wharf estate,'situated in the southerly side of Boston. His wharf extended to the sea, and was entirely unobstructed at the end seaward. Along the southerly side of the wharf there was a dock about thirty feet wide, extending from the end of Summer-street to the sea. In July, 1849, the board of health ordered a drain, or sewer, to be constructed, from one end of the dock to the other, so as to carry the drainage out to deep water. It was constructed as follows: The obstruction complained -of, as appeared by the evidence, was a drain composed of plank and timber, 460 feet long, eight feet wide, and eleven feet high to top of piles, and resting upon the surface of the mud in the dock, which ex-

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

The City of Bostoni v. Lecrsw.

tended fion the head of the dock to within - feet of the

foot of the same, and at the end of 'said drain was se-,enteen

feet tom the plaintiff's wharf, on the north, and thirty-two feet

fromthe other wharf, on the south.

I

For this obstruction to the approach of vessels' to his wharf,

Lecraw brought his action,' and upon the trial of the cause the

jury found a 'verdict in his favor, assessing the damages at

· 9280.

The bill of exceptions taken by the defendant included all

the evidence and the numerous prayers offered to the court,,'

which are sufficiently noticed in the opinion of this court. -

The case was argued by Mr. Ames and.M"r. Chandler,for'the plaintiff in error, and by 31r. Tilton and llIr. Dzurant,-for the
defendant.

The briefs on both sides were very voluminous, and it is not possible to do more than state the positions assumed by the
counsel respectively.

The counsel for the plaintiff in error endeavored to establish these positions as Imatters of law, or m-aters of'fact 'deduced from the evidence. Each one of them was sustained by numerous references.
1. The whole territory of Boston was' originally granted to and held by the town, which made grants thereof from time to time to, such persons and on such conditions as it deemed expedient.
2. The city of Boston as successdi of the town,'now owns
the fee in this dock, and the title to the estates on each side of it is derived from the town.
The wharf in possession of: the plaintiff as lessee, is kno~m as the Bull wharf.
The' wharf on *the other side of the dock is known as the Price wharf.
The'title of both wharves is derived from the town of Boston. 3. It thus appears, that the dock between these wharves 'has been recognized by all parties, including the plaintiffs lessor, as the property of, and under the control- of, the city of Boiton. 4."This place has been used for the purposes of drainage' beyond the memory of man, the common sewer in 'Summer-
street entering at the head of it, and emptying its contents therein.
5, The town has always 'exercised contr6l 6ver this dock. Upon these positions the counsel for the plaintiff in error
made-the following points-: 1. It was error in the court below, to rule that the plaintiff
was entitled to recover of the city of Boston, damage- for the

428

SUPREME COURT.

The City of Boston v. Lecraw.

act of the board of health of said eity. The action was not properly brought, and cannot be maintained against the defend.
ant corporation. 2. The structure, which the plaintiff alleges to be a public
nuisance in a public dock, was erected by the board of health
in the performance of a duty imposed upon them by law. The act was performed in good faith, for the preservation and protection of the public health, without negligence, and was lawful in itself. Such proceeding, if prejudicial to the interest or use
which any individual may have before enjoyed in said dock, affords no ground of action, but is daninum absque injuria,and the judgment and decree of the board of health, not being impeached, are conclusive of the necessity of the structure.
3. If the locus was a public dock, slip, or way, which all the public had a right to use as a public dock, this fact did not vest in the owners of the adjoining wharves or flats any right whatsoever to use it for any other purpose than as a passage-way in boats or vessels to and from other portions of Summer-street, in common with other citizens of the commonwealth; and the plaintiff having no peculiar right, easement, or privilege therein, has no claim for damages in a civil suit, for any obstruction
thereof. 4. Inasmuch as the plaintiff below set up a dedication of the
locus as a public dock, the nature of the dedication, if any, and the character of the dock thence derived, were questions of fact for the jury, and they should have been cautioned, that, considering "the rights of the owners of flats in the same as long as
the owner leaves such flats onen and uninclosed, under the law of Massachusetts, there must be some plain and explicit declaration by the owner of flats that he doth dedicate the same to
public use, as a public dock, quay, or waterway, in order that the jury should find that the same were thus dedicated, and that
the use of the same for passage or laying of vessels is no evidence of claim of such flats, as a public dock, quay, or way, by the
public, and is no evidence of their acceptance of such dedication." 5. The selectmen of Boston, acting under the express author-
ity of law, as early as 1710, authorized the construction of a
common sewer in Summer-street. In 1728, they authorized Vassall, and the deacons of the old church, to lay a drain through
this street, "down to the sea." In 1804, the sewer was relaid " through Summer-street to the sea," and the expense was apportioned upon the inhabitants benefited, by the selectmen, according to law.
At various periods between 1710 and the present time, the existence of this drain has been recognized, and its repair or-
dered, and, -in 1840, it was relaid by the city authorities.

DECEMBER T.ER, 1854.

. 429

The City of Boston v. Lecraw.

The counsel for, the defendant in error made the following points, each one of which, together with its numerous subdivisions, was sustained by a great number of authorities, which there is not room to transcribe: -
L The first point made by the plaintiffs in error, namely, that
the city are not liable, as a corporation, for the acts complained of, is not open to them upon this record. No such point was raised or exception taken before the circuit court; on the contraqy, it was admitted that the city were responsible if the acts were illegal.
IL As the case was submitted to the jury,three facts were to be found by them, and are now to be taken as established.
1. The dock was a public dock. 2. The structure complained of was a public nuisance.
3. The defendant in error suffered peculiar and special damages, not common to, and much greater than the public in general suffered.
The case of the defendant in error rests upon this foundation. The dock was a public dock, which he had the right to use; the city destroyed that right by. a public nuisance.
The city now set up the justification that their own common sewer, which was exclusively under their own control, created a nuisance in this dock, and that, bywak of abating the nuisance, they built a drain through the dock, which destroyed it.
For this act they say there is no redress. To this justification the following objections axe made: -
1. It was not in the power of the State to authorize any city to do the acts complained of, without making compensation.
2. The powers given to the city, (Rev. Stat. ch. 21, § 9,) are
"to destroy, remove, or prevent nuisances." -Under this delegated authority to exercise the sovereign right of the State to regulate by health and police measures the use of property, the city seek to exercise another sovereign right of the State, namely, the power to authorize erections within navigable waters.
3. No such power as is claimed was ever intended to be given to the board of health, or to be exercised in the manner in which
it was exercised. The power given is to "remove, abate, and prevent nuisances."
Under.this power, the general right is claimed to destroy property and erect and maintain permanent structures, without making compensation, and in this particular case, the right to
erect and mairtain a public nuisance in the harbor of Boston. 4. The extraordinary powers claimed for the board of health
would be contrary to the urovisions of the constitution of Massachusetts.
5. But if the act of laying the drain were not unlawful, or the

SUPREME COURT.
The City of Boston v. Lecraw.
subject of an indictment, still, the city must make compensation, because the damages were not consequential merely, but were directly occasioned by the destruction of a legal right.
III. The court properly ruled that the action could be sustained if the dock was a public duck, and the use of it was destroyed by a public nuisance, which cut off all access to the sea, and occasioned to the defendant in error peculiar and special damages, not common to and much greater than the public in general suffered.
IV. The court did rule that the use of the flats for passage or dockage was not sufficient evidence of dedication.
The fact of dedication may be proved in various ways; no particular declaration of the owner is requisite, and no particular form is necessary. Godfrey v. City of Alton, 12 Illinois, 29, 35; Kennedy's Executors v. Jones, 11 Ala. 63, 82; Le Clercq v. Gallipolis, 6 Hammond, 354; Best on Presumptions, § 101.
V. The plaintiffs in error apparently claim the .right to create the public nuisance in question, upon two other distinct grounds of private right or title.
1. That they had the right to place a drain there, because the dock had been dedicated to the city as a place for drainage.
2. That the dock had been laid out as a street, and the city, therefore, had the right to put a drain there, although they had never made the street.
Upon the question of a right to Place a drain in the dock. 1. The rights of drainage claimed by the city cannot be maintained, because, if any right of drainage into the dock existed before 1834, it was a right of individuals, not of the town or city. Before 1834, the town or city had no rights in, or control over, the sewers and drains. They were wholly built and owned by individuals. For the history of the legislation upon this subject, see Boston v. Shaw, 1 Met. 130. 2. If the city had any right to use the dock for an ancient drain, they had no right to enlarge and change the character and structure of the drain. Cotton v. Pocasset Manufacturing Co. 13 Met. 429. 3. If the dock had been dedicated as a place for the discharge of a drain, that would not justify taking the dock as a place for the drain itself, nor creating a public nuisance in it. Lpon the rights claimed to place a drain in the dock, on the ground that it was a street. 1. The defence now set up by the city, that the place in dispute was a street, and that the city, therefore, had a right to construct a drain, cannot be sustained, because the jury have Found it to lie a public dock. 2. Nor could the city, in the court below, defend themselves upon this ground.

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

431

The City of Bo3ton v. Lecraw.

3. By the laws of Massachusetts, a highway or street cannot be laid out over the flats between high-water mark and lowwater mark. Commonwealth v. Coombs, 2 Mass.'489; Hood
v. Dighton Bridge, 3 lb. 263; Arundel v. McCulloch, 10 lb. 70; Kean v. Stetson, 5 Pick. 492; Commonwealth v. Charlestown, 1 lb. 180 ; Charlestown v. Middlesex, 3 Met. 202 ; Henshaw v.
Hunting, 9 Cush. 203. This was conceded by the counsel for the plaintiffs in error
to be the law of Massachusetts, and they even sought to extend
it to the case of a dock. Ruling 1, p. 78.
4. As the structure was a public nuisance, such a use of the flats can in no view of the case be justified. By Parker, C. J., Commonwealth v. Charlestown, 1 Pick. 180, 184; Brower v.
The Mayor, &c. of New York, 3 Barb. 254, 258. 6. As the structure cut off all access to the sea, it cannot be
justified under a right to make a street or any other right. Frink
v. Lawrence, 20 Conn. 117; Shaw et al. v. Crawford, 10 Jobns. 236; Cox v. The State, 3 Blackford, 193.
6. If a street had been made to the water, that very act gave the public the right to use the water and the dock beyond the
street. Godfrey v. City of Alton, 12 Illinois, 29, 36, 37; Rowan's Executors V. "Portland, 8'B. Monroe, 232, 242; Kennedys
Heirs v. Covington, 8"Dana, 50, 61; City of Louisville v. Bank
of the United States, 3 B. Monroe, 138, 144, 157. 7. If the city had the right to build a street, it would be be-
cause the -public convenience ana necessity required a public street for tra .1.
The orders of the mayor and aldermen to make a .drain through the dock, cannot be justified on the ground that the city had the right to make a different structure, namely, a street.

Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court.
The defendant in error, a citizen of New Hampshire, instituted this suit against the city of Boston, charging it with the erection of a public nuisance 'which was specially injurious to the
plaintiffE The declaration contains seven counts. As the jury, under the instructions given by the court gave a verdict for the plaintiff below on the last two only, it will be unnecessary to
notice the others, or the points of law applicable to them. These counts set forth, in substance, that in the year 1849 the
plaintiff and a partner, since deceased, carried on the business
of buying and selling wood and coal in Boston, and were in possession of a wharf known as the Bull wharf; that the dock forming the southerly boundary of said wharf, and extending
from Summer-street wharf, was a part of the harbor of Boston,

432

SUPREME COURT.

The City of Boston v. Lecraw.

and a public dock, slip, or way, navigable by vessels, and over which the waters of the sea ebbed and flowed, and by reason thereof the plaintiff ought to have been allowed to pass and repass as over a navigable highway with boats and vessels, over and through said dock from the wharf by him possessed to the channel of the sea; that defendant had erected piles and a drain in the dock, to the destruction of the navigation therein, and the special injury of the plaintiff.
A congeries of points or prayers of instruction, exceeding thirty in number, and covering nearly as many folios, were submitted to the court, some of which were given as prayed for, some with "qualifications," and many refused.
If a judge, in answering such a mass of hypothetical and verbose propositions, should occasionally contradict himself, or fail into an error; or if the jury, instead of being instructed in law, should be confused and misled, it may be considered the legitimate result of such a practice. We do not think it necessary therefore, to examine particularly each one of this labyrinth of propositions; but, after a brief history of the title of the parties, and the admitted facts of the case bearing on its merits, we will state the law as applicable to them, and thus be enabled to test the correctness of the charge of the court in the instructions given or refused.
The original charters to the Plymouth company of that part of the territory which afterwards constituted the colony of Massachusetts, conferred on them not only the property in the land, but all the "franchises, loyalties, liberties, &c., and the requisite civil and political powers for the government of the colony."
By the common law of England, the right of littoral proprietors, bounding on public navigable waters, extended to highwater mark only. But by an ancient ordinance, usually denominated the ordinance of 1641, § 3, it is declared, " that in all creeks, coves, and other places about and upon salt water, where the sea ebbs and flows, the proprietor of the land adjoining shall have propriety to the low-water mark, where the sea doth not ebb above a hundred rods, and not more wheresoever it ebbs further: Provided, that such proprietors shall not by this liberty have power to stop or hinder the passage of boats or other vessels in or through any sea, creeks, or coves, to other men's houses or lands."
This is the foundation of what nway be called the common law of Massachusetts on this subject. By it the grantee of land bounding on navigable waters where the tide ebbs and flows, acquires a legal right and a vested interest in the soil of the shore between high and low-water mark, and not a mere in-

DECEMBER .TERM, .1854.

The City of Boston v. Lecraw.

dulgence or gratuitous license, given without consideration, and

revocable at the pleasure of the grantor. See Austin v. Carter,

1 Mlass. Rep. 231, and Commonwealth v. Alger, 7 Cush. 71.

As a consequence of such ownership, it is ruled that the pro-

prietor of the land bounding on tide-waters has such a propri-

ety in the flats to low-water mark, 'that he may maintain tres-

pass, quare clausumfregit, against one who shall enter and cut down piles placed there by the owner, with a view to build a

wharf or otherwise inclose the flats. But the right of the littoral proprietor under the ordinance has always been subject to

this nile: that until he shall build upon his flats or inclose them,

and whilst they are covered with the sea, all other persons have

the right to-use them for the ordinary purposes of navigation; so long as the owner of the flats permits the sea to flow over

them, the individual right of property in the soit beneath does

not restrain or abridge the public right. 7 Cush. 75. This

property is also subject to certain restrictions in its use, so that the State, in the exercise of its sovereign power of police

for the protection of public harbors, and to prevent encroach-

ments therein, may establish lines, and restrain and limit this

power of the owner over his own property.

The whole territory now occupied by the city of Boston was

originally granted to and held by the town, which*made grants thereof from time to time, to such persons, and on such condi-

tions as it deemed expedient; and the city of Boston, as successor to the town, continues to own such portions of the orig-

inal territory as have* not been sold or otherwise disposed of.

But, while it acknowledged the rights of its vendees of lands

adjoining the shore to wharf out opposite their respective lots,

by virtue of the police power exercised by it over the harbor, it superi itended and defined the limits within which the owner

should exercise his rights.

In 1683, "the selectmen of Boston staked out a highway for

the town's use, on the southerly side of the land belonging to

John Gill, decesed, (under whom the plaintiff claims,) being

thirty feet- in width, from the town corner of said Gill's wharf,

next the sea." This is the street since called Summer-street.

They laid also another street, "near the shore, on the proprietor's

land, fifty feet towards the sea-shore." But they ordered, at the

same time, "that the flats and lands between the said highway

and the sea be granted to the proprietors of the land, which are

abutters on the way, in equal portion to their fronts." Summer-street, as laid out, ended at high-water mark, and

has not yet been extended, nor have the city made any erectiofig

on their land between high and low water, previous to 1850; but

the public right of navigation oyer it has been exercised up to

VOL. XVII.

37

434

SUPREME COURT.

The City of Boston v. Lecraw.

t~le foot of Summer-street. The drains and sewers from that
street, and others connected with it, have hitherto been made to
discharge their contents at that point. In course of time, however, as the city increased, this drainage increased also, to such an extent as to become. pestilential, and a very great nuisance to the neighborhood. In consequence thereof, the city of Boston has been twice (in 1848 and 1849) indicted for the nuistnce, and sentenced to pay a fine. Since that time, the mayor and aldermen, acting as the board of health, have directed the drains or -sewers to be continued out, on the land of the city opposite Summer-street, to low-water mark. This is the first attempt by the city to reclaim this land from the sea, and use it for their own benefit, and constitutes the erection which is now the subject of complaint. The sewers are not made to discharge their contents on the plaintiff's land, but into the sea. No property of the plaintiff has been taken for the public use; -nor does-he in these counts, on which the verdict was obtained, claim any private right of way over the land of defendants, but states his damage to have accrued by a public nuisance, specially injurious to his public right of navigable way over the lands of the
defendant. That the plaintiff 'had, in common with the rest of the world,
a right to navigate over the land belonging to the city, on wbich the erections complained of were made, is not disputed. Nor is the title of the city to the land so used, unless they have granted it away, or otherwise disposed of it, a subject of dispute in the case. Those under -whom the plaintiff claims, as owners
of the property adjoining Summer-street, have exercised their right of dominion over the land to low-water mark by covering
it with a wharf, many years ago, which is called Bull's wharf. And those who adjoin the street on the other side, have in the
same manner exercised their right by erecting a wharf called
Price's wharf. The property of the city being but thirty feet wide, and lying between these two wharves, was thus, by the
accidents of its form and position, converted into a dock or receptacle for vessels, without any act of the owners of the land. A dock is defined by philologists, according to the American use of the term, to be "the space between wharves." No dock or sli. has been made by the city or people of Boston on their land, either for their own use, or that of any other extraneous or indefinite public. So long as they did not elect to exercise their dominion over this part of the shore, the public right of navigation continued. It was a right defeasible at the will of the owner of the subjacent land. it was a natural right, not derived from any grant, real or presumed, originating with the owner of the soil. But the adjoiners, by the use of this right of navi-

DECEMBER TERM. 1854.

435

The City of Boston v. Lecraw.

gation in connection with their wharves, claim a right to enjoy the benefit of defendant's, property as a'dock for their wharves, and thus conveit it to their private use, under color of a public
right.
In order to effect this, it is contended that the people of Boston, by not exercising their right of reclamation, and by using their property according to their own pleasure, have dedicated it to the public, or world in general, as distinguished from the public, or people of Boston, and 'have abandoned the full dominion which they once might have exercised over it.
The people of Boston, who owned this land as their common and private property, acted through a corporation, whose corporate grants -and licenses are matters of record. Their own use of their own property for their own benefit cannot be called a dedication of it to any other public of wider extent. Whether it Was called "town dock" or "public doek," (which were used as synonymous terms,) it would furnish no ground to presume that they had parted with their right to govern and use it in the
manner most beneficial to the people- or public of the town or city.
The principles of law on which a presumption of the dedication of private property to public use are found&l, are correctly stated (3- Stark. Ev. 1203) to be: "That the law will not presume any man's acts to be illegal, and will therefore attribute to long continued use and enjoyment, by the public, of a right of way or other privilege in or over the lands of another, to a legal rather than an illegal origin; and will ascribe long posses-
sion which cannot otherwise be accounted for, to a legal title: upon a reasonable principle and very 'forcible presumption, that the acquiescence in such enjoyment, for a long period, by those whose interest it was to interrupt it, arose from the knowledge and consciousness on their part that the enjoyment was rightful, and could not be disturbed; and also on consideration of the hardship which would accrue to parties, if after long possession, and -when time had robbed them of the means of proof, their titles were to be subjected to a rigorous examination."
It is -evident that these principles can have no application to the present case. The exercise of the. public right of navigation over the soil of defendant is fully accounted for without any
presumption of grant or dedication by the owners. The public enjoyed this highway of nature by a title reaching far before the advent of the Pilgrims, and paramount to any grant to them
or by them, but by the law the enjoyment of this public right was made defeasible by the owner of the land. Till he reclaimed his land, the public needed no grant or dedication by him, in order to their enjoyment of the right of navigation over it. The

SUPREME COURT.
The City of Boston v. Lecraw.
owner was not bound to exercise his right within a given time, or forfeit it. 'A man cannot lose the title to his lands by leaving them in their natural state without improvement, or forfeit them by non-user. See Butz v. Ihrie, 1 Rawle, 218.
So long as the city chose to leave their land unreclaimed from the sea, they could not hinder the public navigation over it when covered with water, and could not, therefore, be properly said to acquiesce in that which they could not hinder. Nor could a grant or dedication of a right of way over their land be presumed in favor of the public, who enjoyed it under a different and paramount tenure. The public right has existed and been exercised for thousands of years, but is not hostile to the &fendants, though defeasible at their will. It resembles the case of Rex v. Hudson, 2 Strange, 909, where a dedication of land as a public highway was claimed by proof of sixty years' use; but the defendant produced a lease of the way for fifty-six years, and the court decided that no presumption of a dedication could arise during the lease, for the owner could not deny their right to use it, and there could be no presumption from his acquiescence.
It is true that the presumption of a dedication is one of fact, and not an artificial inference of mere law, to be made by the court, yet it is an inference which the court advise the jury to make upon proof of certain facts. It is the duty of the court to state what facts, if proved, will justify such a presumption. To instruct the jury that certain facts are not "sufficient" evidence on which to presume a dedication, without informing them what facts would constitute sufficient evidence for that purpose, is devolving on them the decision of both law and fact, and permitting them to dispose of men's property at their discretion, by presuming grants without a particle of evidence to authorize such presumption.
The counts on which the jury have assessed the damages in this case claim no other right of highway over the lands of the defendant, save the public right of navigation, nor has the evidence shown that he is entitled to any other. The title of the defendants to the land was not disputed. The court ought, therefore, to have instructed the jury that the public right of navigation over the land of defendant was defeasible; that the owners had a right to reclaim their land by wharfing out or making erections thereon beneficial to themselves; that tlee was no evidence in the case whatever by which the jury could presum6 that the city or people of Boston had dedicated their land to the use of some other public besides themselves; that it was, consequently, not only the right but the duty of the authorities of the city to extend their sewers to low-water mark, for the

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

437

Bruce etal. v.. The United States.

purpose of removing 'a nuisance injurious to the health of the citizens; and having done so on their own land, the damage to the plaintiff, if any, was daMtnn absque injuria,and he was not entitled to recover. The record shows that these or equivalent instructions were prayed by the counsel of defendant, and refused by the court.
The judgment of the circuit court is therefore reversed, and a venire de nevo awarded.

MNr. Justice DANIEL dissented.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transerpt of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Rhode Island, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and adjudged by this court that the judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed with costs, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said circuit court with directions to award a venire facias de noro.

.AIoS J. BRUCE AND FRANKLIN STEELE, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR,
v. THE UNITED STATES.
A treasury transcript was admissible in evidence, in a suit brought by the United States against their debtor, although authenticated coiies of the receipts which the debtor had given for money did not accompany the trafiscript. If an item was charged against him which the debtor disputed. it was in his power to obtain the originalvoucher; and if it appeared on tie fwe of the neoe:nr that the iteni charged did not come into his hands in the regular couree of business. the transcript would 3ot be evidence to sustain that charge. ie cases upon this point examined. was not necessary for the United States to produce the commission of the debtor, or a certified copy of-it. The surety was estopped from denying it.
Where there were two consecutive commissions and tvo se:s of sureties. tie latter set wre responsible for all money which remained in the hands of the principal at the expiration of the first commission.. If it was tisapplied dnri.ti- the first term of office, it was incumbent upon.the second set of snreties to show that it was so.
Tins case was brought up, by writ of error, from the circuit court of the United Sta.tcs for the district of _\Mi*souri.
The facts in the case are stated inI tei opinion of the court. it was argued by _1r. Vinton, for the plaintifl in error, and by .ii/r- Cashin;,(attorney-general.) for the *United States.
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY.delivered the opinion of the court,
37*

616

SUPREME COURT.

Lewis v. Bell.

It is ordered that the decree be affirmed.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

M ARY LEwis, ADMINISTRATRIX OF STEPHEN J. LEWIS, DECEASED, APPELLANT, V. EDWARD R. BELL, ASSIGNEE OF I. BELL, JUNIOR.
Where a claimant upon the government of Brazil assigned his claim to a creditor soon after the transaction occurred which gave rise to the claim, and the assignment appeard to have been made upon good consideration, the assignee was entitled to receive the proceeds of the award of the commissioners. ,The assignee took measures, immediately after the assignment, to protect his rights.
THIS was an appeal from the circuit court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for Washington county.
The case is stated in theI opinion of the court.
It was argued by Mr. Chilton and Mr. Lawrence, for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr. Bradley, for the defendant.
Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court. The subject-matter in dispute in this case is a sum of money in the hands of the secretary of the treasury, which had been awarded to the appellant by the commissioner appointed under the act of congress to adjust claims under the treaty betweer the United States and Brazil. Stephen J. Lewis, deceased, is admitted to have been the original owner of the claim. He was owner of one fifth of the brig Caspian, which was illegally seized by the Braziliarr squadron, in October, 1827, and condemned. Lewis was on board at the time, and was robbed of his baggage and money to the extent of some four thousand dollars. The whole amount awarded on these claims of Lewis, was $11,551. Isaac Bell, senior, the father of the appellee, had an assignment of this claim from Lewis; by deed of assignment, dated November, 1828. The claim was prosecuted to its final recovery in 1852, by Isaac Bell. But having in the meanwhile lost or mislaid his

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

617

Lewis v'. Bell.

original deed of assignment, and not having sufficient legal proof of the copy, the commissioner awarded the money to the admin-
istratrix of Lewis. Isaac Bell, senior, assigned his right to his son, Isaac Bell,
junior, and ha soon after assigned to his brother, ihe appellee,
who instituted this proceeding'in the circuit court of the District of Columbia, under the provisions of the act of congress of July
3, 1852. After the institution of this suit, the original assignment was
accidentally discovered, and has been satisfactorily proven.' The court below awarded the money to the complainant below, and the administratrix of Lewis has taken this appeal.
The objections to the title of Edward R. Bell, as champertous, collusive, and fraudulent, and made for the purpose of using the father as a witness, are wholly unsustained by any evidence.
There is no principle in equity which prevents a creditor from assigning an interest in a debt, after institution of a suit there-
for, as being within the statutes against champerty and maintenance; (see 2 Story's Eq. 1049,1054;) nor will the want of a full money consideration, as between father and son, and brother and brother, subject the transaction to such imputation, without further proof. The father's testimony was not offered by the appellee in this case; we are not, therefore, bound to notice the question of its admissibility, or the policy of permitting assign. ments for the purpose of making the assignor a witness, on which so much of the argument of this ease was expended.
It is contended, also, that the assignment of Lewis to Bell, senior, is not absolute, but a security only, of some debt which has been satisfied; and that it is voluntary, and imports a trust
between the parties. The deed of assignment, after a recital of the capture of the
brig Caspian, and the claim preferred by the American minister at Brazil, onbehalfof Lewis, for indemnity, proceeds as follows:-
"Now, know all men by these presents, that the said Stephen
J. Lewis, for and in consideration of the sum of one dollar, lawful money of the United States, to him in hand paid by Isaac Bell, of the city of New York, merchant, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, and also for divers other good considerations him thereunto moving, hath granted, bargained, and sold, assigned, transferred, and set over, and by these presents doth grant, bargain, and sell, assign, transfer, and set over, unto the said Isaac Bell, his executors, administrators, and assigns, all and singular, the said claim, and all the, sum and sums of money that maybe recovered or received, of and from the said Brazilian governfment, or of and from whomsoever it may concern, for o by reasoa of the said illegal capture, or which may arise from
52*

618

SUPREME COURT.

Lewis v. Bell.

the proceeds of the said brig Caspian and cargo; to have and to hold the same and every part and parcel thereof, unto him, the said Isaac Bell, his executors, administrators, and assigns, forever," &c., &c.
This is an absolute assignment of the whole claim of Lewis against the Brazilian government. Besides the consideration of one dollar, it mentions "divers other good considerations," without specifying them particularly.
The bill alleges that the real consideration was a large indebtQdness of Lewis to Bell, which was never paid, Lewis having died in 1844, insolvent. This is denied by the answer. But the evidence, as far as it affects the point, tends to establish the correctness of the allegations of the bill. After the assignment, Lewis does not appear to have interfered in the prosecution of this claim, up to the time of his death, in 1844, nor did his administratrix set up a claim till the money was recovered, in 1852.
In December, 182S, it appears that Bell transmitted this assignment to his agent in Buenos Ayres, in order to prosecute the claim, alleging that the "assignment was made by Lewis, in consequence of advances made to him in che purchase of a brig and cargo." In the same year, he wrote to the Hon. Henry Clay, inclosing the protest of Lewis, in order thtit -di government might be led to urge the payment of his claim, and alleging as the reason of his interference, that Lewis was indebted to him in the sum of $15,000, and had failed, and had therefore made him the assignment now in question. In a letter from Bell to Mr. Camlbreling, in 1830, urging his interference in behalf of the Lewis claim, Bell assigns as the reason for his request, that Lewis had become indebted to him, and had no other means of payment but through that claim; and to confirm the whole matter beyond dispute, the counsel of the respondent below (now appellant) read in evidence the testimony of Isaac Bell, senior3, proving the assignment to have been made in consideration of large indebtedness by Lewis to Bell, and -that Lewis was then insolvent, and continued so to the time of his death. By their own showing, therefore, there is ample consideration for the assignment, and not the least evidence of a secret trust.
The decree of the circuit court is, therefore, affirmed.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

369

Fontain v. Ravenel.

to the instructions thus given? We think that both their
authority and duty so to do admit of no doubt. The decree of the circuit court, dismissing the bill of the complainant in that court, being warranted by the view we have taken of the law and the evidence in this case, we order that decree to be affirmed.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the southerndistrict of Alabama, and was argued by counsel. On consideratioftwhereof it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

WILLIAM FONTAIN, ADMINISTRATOR de bonis no cumn testa mento anne xo OF FREDERICK KOHNE, DECEASED, APPtLLAN7
V. WILLIAM RAVENEL.
A resident in Pennsylvania made his will, in 1829, giving annuities to his wife and others, and directing that his executors, or the survivor of them, after the decease of his wife, should provide for the annuitants, thpn living, and dispose of the resjdue of his property for the use of such charitable institutions in Pennsylvania and South Carolina as they or he may deem most beneficial to mankind.
His wife and three other persons were appoihted executors. The thrie other persons all died during the lifetime of the wife. No appointment
of the charity was made or attempted to be made during the lifetime of the executors. The charity cannot now be carried out. The exe utors were vested with a mere power of appointment without having any
special trust attached to it. In England, the case could only be reached by the prerogative power of the crown acting through the sign-manual of the king. The English and American cases upon this subject examined.
THIS was an appeal from the circuit court of the United States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania.
It was a bill filed by Fontain, as administrator de bonis no eum testarnento annexo of Frederick .Kohne, deceased, against Ravenl, one of the executors of Mrs. Kohne, the widow of the deceased Frederick. The object of the bill was to.recover from the defendant certain sums of money which came into the hands of the widow, as executrix of her husband, for the purpose of applying them to some charitable bequests made in the will of Frederick Kohne. These are stated, as well as the other circumstances of the. case, in the opinion of the court, .and need not be repeated.

SUPREME COURT.
Fontain v. Ravenel.
(The circuit court dismissed the bill, and the complainant appealed to this court.
The case was argued, in print, by Mr. Hopper and I1 . 1eredith, for the appellant, and by 11r. Gerhard and Mr. Pettigru, (with whom was Mr. Whaley, for the residuary legatee of Mrs. Kohne,) for the appellee.
The following were the points and authorities relied upon by the counsel for the appellant, in their original brief. An elaborate reply was filed by the counsel for the appellee, and then a rejoinder by the appellant's counsel. The reporter feels it difficult, with this quantity of matter, to present a fair view of the arguments without protracting the report to an unreasonable length.
Points and authorities for appllant. As to domicile. An intention *o make a place his home, will determine the domicile. Grier v. O'Daniel, 1 Binn.; see opinion of Judge Rush, in a note, p. 351. If the surviving executrix has rightfully distributed among the next of kin, nothing more is to be said. If not, the administratrix cum testamento annexo, is entitled. Row v. Dawson, 1 Ves. 331; Ferran's Estate, 1 Ashmead, 319; Marshall v. Hoff, 1 Watts, 440; Act, 1834; Executors and Administrators, Dunlap's Penn. Digest, 524. The property here is held to abide the event of this suit. The right of the administrator de bonis non is exclusive. Commonwealth v. Strohecker, opinion of Kennedy, J., 9 Watts, 480. Will took effect in 1829, by which the personal estate became vested in the executors, and by reason of the power of sale in the will and our act of assembly, March 31, 1792, §4, (3 Smith's Laws, 67,) the title to the real estate became vested in them upon the trusts of the will; that is, to pay the legacies and annuities and invest for accumulation, the surplus until the death of the widow, and then to distribute the surplus in charity. The descent was broken. Silverthorn v. McKinster, 2 Jones, 72. *Theadministrator de bonis non cum testamento annexo is empowered to sell the real estate, the same as'the executors. Act of 24th February, 1834, § 13, (67 Dunlap, 518, 530,) and Act of 12th March, 1800, § 3, (3 Smith, 434; ) Mr. Binney's opinion, Hood on Executors, 241. The objects are not very extensive or difficult of ascertainment. They are incorporated institutions of the two States for the purposes of charity; some of which are for the relief of colored people, and do not include beneficial societies. Blenon's Estate, Brightly, 340. It is a settled principle that a trust shall never fail for want of

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

371

Fontain u. Ravenel.

a trustee. And the courts of equity will take upon themselves the execution of the trust. 2 Story's Eq. § 1059, 1061, 1191.
The administrator with the will annexed is the trustee for the settlement of the estate, and under the direction of the orphans' court, the trust can be executed by him. 'He will have the personalty, &c.,'and can sell and get proceeds of the realty. This power is in the orphans' court. Act 1832, § 4, Wimmer's Appeal, 1 Whart. 103, 104.
The personalty is under control of that court, (orphans' court,) and the moneys may -be paid into that court for the uses of the will. Act 34, § 19. It was so done in Tilghman's Estate, 5 'Wheat. 44.
These previsions meet ordinary cases. But here as in England the courts' will go further in favor of charities, than in ordinary cases. Our law favors charitable uses. Constitution of Penn. 1776 and of 1790; Girard Will case-, 177; Acts 1730, 1731; Pard. 1010; 7 Sm. Laws, 43,44. Had the executors refused, they could have been compelled to execute the trust. It should not be lost by accident. Poll's
Petition, 1 Ashmead, 346. See Welford Eq. Pleading, 110, Lib. Law and Eq., as to information of attorney-general.
The court will assume the exercise of the discretion to ascertain the objects, where they are much less defined than here, and where the executor intrusted, died in the lifetime of the testator. Boyle on Charities, 220; Bak v. Whitbread, 16 Ves. 15, see 26, 27; Cole v. Wade, 16 Yes. 43; Brown v. Higgs, 8 Ves. 570; See Moggridge and Thackwell, 1 Ves. 464; 7 Ves. 36; Affirmed, 13 Ves. 416.
The court could regulate and control the exercise of the discretion by the executor; and if so, when he cannot exercise it all, may ii not do so for him? Grandom's Estate, 6 Watts & S. 651; Waldo v. Caley, 16 Yes. 210, 211.
Here the objects have not failed, and there is no occasion to
resort to the doctrine of cy pres, or the royal prerogative. . The only question is, whether the court or administrator can select from the designated objocts. If either can, then the trust is to be executed as if the executors had lived; or if either cannot, then all the charitable institutions incorporated by the
two States must take. In White v. White, 1 Bro. Ch. Cases, 12, the testator
bequeathed to the Lying-in Hospital, and i.f more than one, to such of them as the executor should appoint; and named no executor. The court is to appoint.
A bequest to a dharitable school to purchase Bibles, Testa-: ments; and other religious books, held not too indefinite. 'This diiected a religious purpose which was sufficiently certain. Attorney-General v. Stepney, 10 Yes. 27.

372

SUPREME COURT.

Fontain v. Ravenel.

So here there is at least a definite purpose as to objects in
respect'to the colored population, besides the definitiveness of the charitable institutions of Pennsylvania and South Carolina,
which define the objects to be the purposes for which these institutions have been established. Orphan Asylum v. McCartee, 9 Cowen, 440; King v. Woodhull, 2 Edw's Ch.R. 87.
A bequest is good where it is made to a class, as of such a parent, or to such of them and in such shares as an executor
may appoint. Bartlett v. King, 12 Mass. 541; Brown v. fhiggs, 8 Yes. 570, 574. It is not the case of a mere power, but of a trust accompanied by a power. In such case the trust is imperative and may be enforced; and is not lost by the refusal of the trustee to exercise his power, or by his death. 2 Sugden on Powers, 173, 175, &c.
There is nothing in the will that looks to the charity ending upon any condition or contingency. The will gives not the property over on any event.
He gives to the next of kin all that he intends they shall have, and means that they shall get no more.
As our law stood in 1829, the executor of the surviving executor would have taken the personalty, and administered it, or an administrator with the will annexed would have done so, and also have exercised the power to sell the lands and administer the proceeds. Act 1800, 3 Sm. Laws, 434, § 3.
The testator is presumed to have known the law of the place where the will was to be executed, and he is presumed to have known, that the law provided a substitute for his executors, to carry out the trust.
There was no condition, the breach of which would give the
property to the next of kin, as in Porter's case, 1 Co. 21. It was a trust and confidence, 'which the court will carry out
if the trustee fails, as in Martindale v. Martin, 7 Vermont, 291;
Cro. Eliz. 288. And not only a trust, but a charity, "which never fa'.*leth;"
and not vague or indefinite, or to unincorporated societies. In Martindale v. Martin, or Thetford School case, the execu-
tors refused the trusts, but it was held binding on them. See 7 Vermont, 298, 299.
If the intention to give to charity be declared absolutely, and nothing is left uncertain but the mode of carrying it into effect, the court will supply the mode. Mills and Farmer, 1 Meriv.
54, 94, 101, 102. Thus in that case the testator directed the residue to be
divided for certain charitable purposes mentioned, "and other cwaritable purposes as I do intend to name hereafter," and afterwards named no further purposes. Held, a disposition in favor

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

Fontain v. Ravenel.

of charity, to be carried into execution by the court, having

regard to the objects particularly pointed out by the will.

Ib. 54.

There the objects pointed out were the promoting of the

gospel in foreign parts, and the bringing up ministers in differ-

ent seminaries in England.

Here all the objects are pointed out, to wit: the charitable

institutions of the hvo States, so as to include a benefit to

part of the black population. Here is nothing to be supplied,

but a leave given to select some only of those institutions.

Bequests made to two corporate bodies, for the relief of cer-

tain classes of poor persons, by paying their rents, and giving

them gratuities according to selection. The societies renounce

the legacies. Yet held that the discretion of the trustees was

not of the essence of the trust, and that the court would carry

the trust into effect by a scheme. Reeve v. Attorney-General,

3 Hare, 191.

Where bequests are made to trustees for general charitable

purposes, the trust must be the subject of a scheme before the

master; but where the object is a charity without a trust inter-

posed, the disposition is in the -crown, and must be made

according to the directions under the royal sign-manual. Paice

v. Archbishop of Canterbury, 14 Ves. 364, 371, 372.

This is not a case that in England would- come under the

kaintrgu'sst.sigInt-mdoaensuanlo, tbudet p-ewnidthin the jurisdiction of chancery, as upon the crown prerogative for its

execution, but upon the law of the land. Boyle on Charities,

ch. 14, p. 237, &c.

1827. In Pennsylvania, the law is settled in favor of chari-

ties far.enough to sustain the presenit bequests.

In Witman v. Lex, 17 Serg. and Rawlei 91, 92, it was de-

cided that all that was contained in 43 Eliz., and more, was

contained in the common law of Pennsylvania, though it was

not then supposed, as afterwards found in the case of Sarah

Zane's will, and bf Vidal v. Girard's Executors, that at the

common law of England, the same breadth of law existed in

favor of charity.

And the cases are there cited as authoritative here, where

there was no trustee to take, but the court decreed the bequest

a devise to corporations for the charitable objects pointed out.

Tb. 92.

It is there said that so much more liberal is our system in

favor of bequests, though not strictly charitable, that our courts

would have found no difficulty in ruling in favor of the legatee. lb. 93; Morice v'. Bishop of Darham, 9 Yes. 399.

The, bequest in. 9 Ves. was for benevolent, not charitable

VOL..XVXIL

32

SUPREME COURT.
Fontain v. Ravenel.
purposes. Here, it is for charitable purposes only; for it is to go to charitable institutions for the purposes of their creation.
1829. In McGirr v. Aaron, 1 Pa. 49, there was no trustee at all that could take for the purpose of charity, but the devise was sustained and to become vested as soon as the charity should acquire a capacity to take.
Here there was a trustee until all the executors died, and the administrator de bonis non cum testamento annexo is the substituted trustee.
In the same year, the United States supreme court, in Beatty v. Kurtz, sustained the dedication of a lot for the Lutheran church in Georgetown; without any deed, grantee, or trustee. 2 Pet. 566-583. And a committee of the congregation was held sufficient to maintain the bill. 584.
A trust may be created by will, to bind the title of the heir or personal representative, and make him a trustee where no other is named. Inglis v. Sailor's Snug Harbor, 3 Pet. 119.
But here were trustees named, and trustees who had no object to defeat the trust, though they had a selection within a limited range. Tb. Also, Malim v. Keighley, 2 Ves. Jr. 335.
1832. A trust in favor of an unincorporated religious society is an available one. Meth. Ch. v. Remington, I Watts, 218.
1833. The case of Maguire ti. Brown, so elaborately decided by Judge Baldwin, covers all this case. Brightly, 346.
Devises and bequests to unincorporated meetings of Friends were held good; for the relief of poor members; of the Indians; inclosing a graveyard; purchasing a fire apparatus.
Charities are left free for the exercise of the jurisdiction of the courts, according to the intention of the testator, disregarding defects of form or designation of a party to take, and a devise to the church is transferred to the parson where the church cannot take in mortmain. Or if it be to the poor who cannot take, then to their hospital which could, as in McGirr v. Aaron, from the.priest, who could not take, to the congregation, whea authorized. Brightly, 386.
The cases in -w;hichthese principles were applied were before the 43 Eliz. on prior statutes or the common law. lb. 387, 393.
Though there be none to take the heir and next of kin are bound. lb. 407.
The administrator cum testamento annexo is the trustee, and this court will make the distribution to the legatees. Tb. 408,409.
136. Martin v. McCord was decided in the supreme court of Pennsvlvania. Charifie %tire sustained. 5 Watts, 495.
1843. k devise to an association for religious purposes, unincorporated at the testator's death, but since incorporated, is good in Pennsyivania. Zimmerman and Anders, 6 Watts & S. 218.
1844. In Vidal v. The City, 2 How. 127, it was held that

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

Fontain v. Ravenel.

although the corporation had been incompetent to take, the

heir could not take advantage of such inability, but the State oxy in its sovereign capacity.

At the common law of England and ini Pennsylvania, such a

trust would be sustained without a trustee. 2 How. 192. See

cases in Binney's Argument, Girard Will case, SO.

We are neither dependent upon the Stat. 43 Eliz., or the

common " And

law

prerogative,

to

sustain

such

a

charity. 2

How.

195.

general and undefined charities were sustained before

the Statute 43 Eliz., by the inherent power of chancery, at com-

mon law. lb. 196.

And the law of the preceding cases is the law of South Car-

olina. Attorney-General v. Jolly, 1 Richardson, Eq. Rep. 99.

1848. Beaver v. Filson, S Barr, 327, 335. A lot dedicated

for a church and graveyard, without deed or trustee, held a valid

charitable use. Wright and iUnn, 9 Barr, 435-437.

1850. Where a tenant for life has power of disposition by

will, with two subscribing witnesses, and disposes by will to a charity, without witnesses, the devise will be sustained in favor

of charity, though it would not in favor of an individual not for charity. Pepper's Will, 1 Parsons's Eq. Cases, 433, 450' 451,

Other States. 4 Kent's Com. 6th ed. 509, note. Where

there is a trust for charitable purposes, the disposition is in

chancery, and not by the king, under sign-manual.

The power to enforce charities is in the court of chancery, by virtue of the original constitution, independent of the statute of

43 Eliz. Wright t-. Trustees Mleth. Ep. Ch. 1 Hoff. Ch. . (N.

Y.) 202, 260; Dutch Ch. v. Mott, 7 Paige's Ch. R. (N. Y.) 77 ;

Burr v. Smith, 7 Vern. 241, 294, 29S, 300, 307, (cites Aorey-

General v. Hickman, where trustee died before testator,) 308;

King v. Woodhull, 3 Edw. Ch. R. 79.

The jurisdiction rests upon the ground that such charities are

trus6ts. 1 Sandf. Ch. R. 439.

Trusts for charitable uses are favored by courts of equity, and

will be supported in the exercise of the extraordinary jurisdic-

tion of the chancellor, where the trust would fail for uncertainty

were it not a charity.

The trust will-be sustained, though there be no person in

being capable of suing for the enforcement of the trust. Dick-

son v. Montgomery, 1 Swan's R. (Tenn.) 348.

The counsel for the appellee made the following points: I. What is the law of ordinary or private trusts, and its dif-. ference from that of charitable trusts ? II. The cy pres doctrine of the English chancery; and in connection herewith, the impossibility of executing this trust as a

876

SUPREME COURT.

Fontain v. Ravenel.

charity, in any other way than by an application of the property ider the sign-manual; and, incidentally, it will be inquired, whether this trust is a charity within the statute of 43 Eliz., which statute defines the charities of the English law, though it did not originate the doctrines of charities, as recognized by that system of jurisprudence.
I1. That the cy pres doctrine of the English court of chancery, has not been adopted in Pennsylvania, South Carolina, or the other States of the Union, either as a part of the common law or as an inherent power of a court of equity; and herein of the law of charitable trusts in the United States generally, but particularly in the States of Pennsylvania and South Carolina, and the whole of the difference between that law and the doctrine of private trusts; and incidentally, the impossibility of sustaining the case of the plaintiff under the law of charitable or private trusts in the United States, and
particularly in either of the States just mentioned; or in any other way than under the cy pres doctrine.
IV. That the doctrine of powers, or the Pennsylvania statutes in relation to executors and administrators, are entirely inapplicable to the present case.
V. That if a bequest or devise, like the present, fails or
becomes void, it is like an ordinary lapsed legacy, and the next of kin or heirs at law will take the bequest or devise.
(After discussing these points at great length, the counsel concluded their argument with the following reply to the points made on the other side) :-
Finally: It was intended to give here an answer, at longth, to each, of the positions of the appellant; but as we have
endeavored to reply fully to his points in the preceding argument, we shall do little more now, than make references to such parts of our argument as answer these points respectively. The arrangement of the argument of our learned opponents was substantially as follows : -
1. That Philadelphia was Mr. Kohne's domicile. 2. That an administrator, de bonis non cum testamento annexo, is clothed with the same trusts, and bound by the same duties as the executors, even as to a power of sale of the real estate.
3. That the residuary bequest and devise in Mr. Kohne's will is a trust, and for a charity-; and the courts will go further to sustain this species of trust than any other, and will not suffer it to fail for want of a trustee, particularly where there is no uncertainty in the objects, as in the present case; those objects (which are assumed to be the incorporated institutions of the two States) not being, as they assert, very extensive or difficult
of aseertainment.

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

877

Fontain v. Ravenel.

4. ,That the law of Pennsylvania favors charities. 5. That by the common law of England and Pennsylvania, such a trust would be- sustained without a trustee. 6. "That the power to enforce charities is inherent in courts
of chancery independently of the statute of 43 Eliz., and without the aid of the royal prerogative.
1. That Philadelphia was l'ir. Kohne's domicile. We have submitted that, in point of fact, that domicile was
South Carolina; but we have presented the case under the
law both of Pennsylvania and South Carolina, and as the law of these -two States does not differ, in regard to the matters
material to this case, the question of domicile is of no importance.
2. That an administrator de bonis non cur testamnento an-
nexo is clothed with the same trusts, and obliged by the same duties, as the executors; even as to a power of sale of the real estate.
No part of this proposition can be sustained, except its last
clause, which is acknowledged to be the law of Pennsylvania; and we submit that it follows from the maxim expressio unius exceptio alterius,that in Pennsylvania, such an administrator has no powers other than the ordinary ones of an administrator, except as to the sale of real estate in the instances provided for in the acts of assembly. The distinction between the power of reducing property to money, and its distribution according tb the discretion of certain specified friends of the testator, whom he names as executors of hi§ will, is too obvious and conclusive to require any comment.
3. That the residuary bequest and devise in Mr. Kohne's will
is a trust, and for a charity; and the courts will go further to sustain this than any other trusts, and will not suier it to fail
for want of a trustee, particularly where there is no uncertainty in the objects, as in the present case, those objects (which are assumed to be the incorporated institutions of the two States)
not being very extensive or difficult of ascertainment. We have here grouped together, as we find them in the
argumeft of the appellant, a number of positions, some of which
are immaterial, and others are answered in the preceding arg-u-
ment. The points here mentioned maybe classified as follows:L. The law of charities in Pennsylvania. 2. The assertion that the appellee denies the existence of a
trust-as to Ar. Kohne's -esidnary estate. 3. An effort to sustail the appellant's claim under the law
of powers, alleging that this is the case of a -power coupledwith an interest, and that such a power is a trust, and will be
enforced in equity.

SUPREME COURT.
Fontain v. Ravenel.
.1. The law of charities in Pennsylvania. This subject has been fully discussed, and the law of charity in Pennsylvania stated to its fullest extent, but we have been unable to discover in this law any thing to support the appellant's claim. It is granted that a charitable bequest will not be allowed to fail in that State from the mere want of a trustee; and it is admitted, that the courts of Pennsylvania, would control the discretion of trustees, so far as to prevent them frdm abusing a confidence placed in them for one class of objects, by exercising that discretion in favor of another and entirely different class of objects, provided that confidence has been so definitely given as to allow such restraint. But how can it be urged that hence it follows that those courts can act for such trustees, when they do not act ? It is submitted that we have affirmatively shown the contrary of this proposition; and we again negative the assertion that those courts will themselves assume the exercise of a discretion in the application of property so uncertain as to the beneficiaries, as the designed application of Mr. Kohne's residuary estate. 2. The assertion that the appellee denies the existence of a trust as to Mr. Kohne's residuary estate, is a misapprehension. We do not deny its original existence for the purposes pointed out in the will; and we argue, that it now exists as a resulting trust for the next of kin and heirs of Mr. Kohne. 3. The effort to sustain the appellant's case under the law of powers, is already fully answered in our argument. 4. That the law of 'Pennsylvania favors charities. This is true; and the extent to which its laws go to effect this object, has been clearly shown; but this will not be sufficient for the appellant, especially when the supreme court of that State has declared that the principle for which the appellant contends is "too grossly revolting to the public sense of justice to be tolerated" in this country. Iethodist Church v. Remington, 1 Watts, R. 226. 5. That by the common law of England and Pennsylvania, such a trust would be sustained without a trustee. This is entirely opposed to all the authorities. The counsel for the appellant, as to this point, relies upon the precedents tnder the law of ordinary trusts, and these we have shown to be entirely inapplicable. We cannot add any thing to our remarks on this point, nor can we conceive it necessary to speak further on this topic. 6. That the powers to enforce charities is inherent in courts of chancery, independently of the statute of 43 Eliz., and without the aid of the royal prerogative. This proposition is not maintainable. The appellant's counsel have cited in support of this point, Burr v. Smith, 7 Verm.

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

379

Fontain v. Ravenel.

R. 241. But the law of Vermont cannot govern, or even influence the decision of the present question; and besides, the point' decided in that case was merely that a charitable devise or bequest to an unincorporated association is valid; which ha~s been repeatedly held in Pennsylvania, and probably- is the law of South Carolina; and though there is nothing in the opinion given in favor of that decision to sustain the appellant's claim, yet even that opinion it is expressly stated was not adopted by
any other judge. Our opponents have likewise adduced on this head a mere
dictum, in a note to the sixth ed. of Kent's Com. 4 Kent's Com. 509, n. "In this country, the legislature or governmentof the State, as parenspatri6v, has the right to enforce all charities of a public nature, by virtue of its general superintending powei over the public interest, where no other person is intrusted -ith it." As this sentence follows the adoption by the author of the opinion of Judge Story, in the Baptist Association v. Hart's Executors, 3 Pet. R. 484, Appendix, it could not have been intended to state any principle inconsistent with the ruling -of this court in that case, and still less with any doctrine of interest to the appellee, in the present discussion. The author plainly refers to the right of visitation of public charities, and correctly states the law in regard to that right.
The latter part of the citation, indeed, states one of our positions in the strongest language. " The jurisdiction 'vestcd by .he statute of Eliz. over charitable uses, is said to be personally in the chancellor, and does not belong to his ordinary or extraordinary jurisdiction-in chancery." This proposition Would by itself constitute a flat bar to the appellant's recovery.
All the other authorities relied on by the appellant's counsel,
-vhether under this or the other heads of his argument, we do not consider of importance in support of the appellant's bill. The case of Vidal v. Girard's Executors, 2 How. 127, is not excepted from this remark; the appellant's counsel have in vain sought to obtain from it any thing in support of their bill, as
will be seen by a reference to their argument. This is, however, the most convenient place for us to acknowledge the great assistance we have received from that case, in the investigation of the law of charities. We might add, also, that the case ot the executors of McDonogh v. Murdoch, 15 How. 367, has been
most carefully and minutely examined, but without obtaining from ita.ny thing at all pertinent to the present investigation.
Although this report is already protracted to an unusual length, it is proper to state the notice which the counsel for the
appellant took of some of the -preceding points. They were noticed as follows:-

380

SUPREAME COURT.

Fontain v. Ravenel.

3. This disposition for the benefit of charitable institutions, was a lawful disposition, and one which would be supported by the courts in England and Pennsylvania, and, it is believed, in South Carolina. The difficulty in treating questions of this kind is in avoiding a tedious repetition of things already familiar to the court. Since the decision of Vidal v. The City, 2 How.
127, the principle may be considered perfectly established, which never could have been a matter of doubt with any one who had critically examined the early precedents, that the statute of Elizabeth neither created nor enlarged the rule governing charitable bequests. The statute itself does not purport to have
done so, but merely to give an additional remedy. And it was established, in the case referred to, that, from the earliest times, chancery had, in an unbroken course of precedents, constantly exercised jurisdiction over charities, and had supported them.
It is enough to say that such a gift as this is perfectly valid; for which we refer to the cases stated in the original brief of the appellant, and in the brief of the appellee. The court will
understand how far this principle is carried out in Pennsylvania,
by what is said in Witman v. Lex; 17 S. & R. 93, that our courts would have found no difficulty in ruligg in favor of the legatee iii Morice v. Durham, 9 Yes. 399. There, the bequest was for the purposes of benevolence and liberality. In Beaver v. Filson, 8 Barr, 327, it is said: " In Pennsylvania, religious and charitable institutions have always been favored, without respect to forms, and it is immaterial how vague and uncertain the object may be, provided there be a discretionary power vested somewhere over the application of the testator's bounty to
these objects." It is utterly impossible seriously to deny that this bequest is just as good in Pennsylvania as it would be in England, and that it is perfectly valid in both.
4.. We take it to be equally clear, that this is a case in which, in England, the court would itself superintend the proper application of the fund, and that it is not a case in which the crown, as parens patritv, would administer it And it is a case in which the courts of Pennsylvania, we contend, would have ample power to prevent a failure of the trust. It is nothing to
say that, in England, the chancellor, in administering -charities, acts as the delegate of the crown, inasmuch as he discharges all his judicial functions in that capacity; the theory of the British constitution being, (as the practice originally was,) that the king administers all the justice of the country, and emphatically is tho the case with that portion that is administered in the court of chancery. But we are not to conclude that the
courts of this country have no jurisdiction over charities, be-
cause in England the king is said to have a general superin-

DECEMEBER TERM, 1854.

381

Fontain v. Ravenel.

tending power over them. The questi6n here is,.whether, in this case, the court of chancery would superintend the execution of the trust. We conceive it to be so clear thiat it would, that we do not think it necessary to enter on the argdment that, even if. the disposition in this case would belong to the crown, the State here would have the prerogative of the parens patri&e. See 2 Story's Eq. § 1190 ; Wright v. Methodist Church, 1 Hoff. Ch. R. 202; Going v. Emery, 16 Pick. 107; 2 Kent, (5th ed.) 288, note a; 4 fb. 508, note b; King v. Woodhull, 3 Ed-
wards, 79. The case of the Attorney-General v. Berryman, 1 Dickens,
168, can have but little application here. In that case, there appears to have been no controversy. Lord Hardwicke decided that the legacy was good, and suggested that the king be applied to; who required .that the attorney-general move the court of chancery to apply the money to such purposes as the deceased executor had named in his lifetime. The chancellor so ordered it. There appears to have been no contest, and no argument in the case upon the point in question.
The case of the Attorney-General v. Baxter, 1 Vernon, 248,
has been strangely misunderstood by the learned cdunsel of tke appellees. The king did, in that case, undertake to apply the money, and declared his pleasure to be that it should go toward the building of Chelsea College; but the lord keeper ultimately disregarded the act of the crown, and decreed the fund for the maintenance of a chaplain of Chelsea College, as the report of the case in Vernon shows.
The authorities cited in the appellants' first brief, it is not necessary to. repeat. Lord Eldon, in Moggridge v. Thackwell, 7 Ves. 86, makes a critical examination of all the previous authorities, and finds himself bound, by the precedents for two hundred years, to arrive at the conclusion which he states.
Nothing can show more clearly the binding force of those precedents than Lord Eldon's statement, that, if he had sat in the court of chancery two hundred years earlier, he might have been inclined to make a different decision. In that case, which
was precisely, for the present pupose, this case, he affirms the authority of the court itself to administer the charity, and proceeded accordingly to do so. The only difference between Moggridge v. Thackwell and the present case is, that in the
former the devise was for objects not defined, as they are in this
case.
In our first brief, when it is stated that it is not necessary to resort to the doctrine of cyp res, the context sufficiently shows that the phrase "cy pres" is used, as it frequently has been, to express the principle by which, when the objects designated.

382

SUPREME COURT.

Fontain v. Ravenel.

by the testator have failed, by reason of illegality or otherwise, the fund has been applied to purposes different from those which he expressed or intended. In this sense, the phrase is used in all our Pennsylvania cases, in which the doctrine of cy
pres is disclaimed. (The counsel then examined the cases of Witman v. Lex,
17 Serg. and Rawle, 91; Wright v. Linn, 9 Barr, 433; Morrison v. Beirer, 2 Watts and Serg. 87; Pickering v. Shotwell, 10
Barr, 26.)

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court. This is an appeal in chancery, from the circuit court of the
United States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania. The case involves the construction of the will of Frederick
Kohne. He first settled in Charleston, South Carolina, where he engaged in active business, and accumulated a large fortune. For many years before his death, his residence was divided between Charleston and Philadelphia. At the latter place, he added much to his wealth, in the acquisition of real and personal property. He had furnished houses in both cities, and a country house in the .neighborhood of Philadelphia. Until his health became infirm, he resided a part of the year in the South, and the other part in the North. In May, 1829, he died in Philadelphia, where his will was made and published, in the month of April preceding his death. In his will, he declared himself
to be of the city of Philadelphia. After giving several annuities to his wife and others, and
legacies to his friends in this country and in foreign countries, to charitable objects, and providing for the payment of them, he declares: " Forasmuch as there will be a surplus income of my estate, beyond what will be necessary to pay my said wife's annuity and the other annuities, I do therefore direct my said executors to invest the said surplus income, and all accumulation of interest arising from that source yearly, for and during all the term of the natural life of my said wife, in the purchase of such stocks or securities of the United States, or the State of Pennsylvania, or of any other State or States of the United States, or of the city of Philadelphia, bearing an interest, as
they, in their discretion, may see fit; and from and immediately after the decease of my said wife, then all the rest, residue, and remainder of all my estate, including the fund which shall have arisen from the said surplus income aforesaid, after payment of the legacies hereinbefore directed to be paid, after the decease of my said wife, and providing for the payment of the annuities hereinbefore given, of those annuitants who may then be -till living, I authorize and empower my executors or the sur-

DECEMBER TEtM, 1854.

393

Fontain v. Ravenel.

._

vivor of them, after the decease of my said wife, to dispose of
the same for the use .of such charitable institutions in Pennsylvani . and South Carolina, as they or he may deem most bene-
ficial to mankind, and so that part of the colored population in each of the said States of Pennsylvania and South Carolina shall partake of the benefits thereof." His wife, Eliza Kohne, John Bohlen, and Robert Vaux, of the city of Philadelphia, and Robert Maxwell, of the city of Charleston, were appointed
executors. Mrs. Kohne survived her co-executors some years, and then
died, having made her last will and testament, and appointed James L. Petigm and William Ravenel, the defendant, executors, the latter 6f whom obtained letters testamentary in the couity of Philadelphia. And on the 15th of October, 1852, William Fontain, the complainant, obtained letters of administration de bonis non, on the estate of Frederick Kohne, deceased, he being the nearest of kin to the deceased, and one of his heirs at law.
The bill is filed in the name of the complainant, by certain charitable societies of Pennsylvania and South'Caiolina, under the directions of the will, to recover from the defendant, as exequtor of Ms. Kohne, so much of the'property as came to her hands as the executrix of her husband's will, and which she distributed, as undisposed-of property, after the death .of her
co-executors. And the question in the case is, whether the residuary bequest in the will, whiph authorized his executors, or the survivor of them, after the death of his wife, to dispose of the surplus "for the use of such charitable institutions in Pennsylvania and South Carolina, as they might deem most beneficial to mankind," has lapsed, no such appointment having been
made, or attempted to be made, during the lfetime of the executors. This part of the property is understood to have amounted
toa large sum. The domicile of the. testator, at the time of his death, seems
not to be a controverted question. He had so lived in the two,
States of Pennsylvania and South Carolina, and amassed-property in both, that his domicile might be claimed in either.
There is no evidence in which, if in either, he exercised the right of suffrage. For two years previous to his death, he resided in Pennsylvania.
The bequest under consideration was intended to be a charity. The'donoi, having entire confidence in his executors, substituted their judgment for his own., They, or the survivor of them, was to designate such objects of his charity in the-two States, "as would be most beneficial to mankind.'? It was to be placed on the broadest foundations of human sympathy, not

SUPREME COURT.
Fontain v. Ravenel.
excluding the colored race. It is no charity to give to a friend. In the books, it is said the thing given becomes a charity where the uncertainty of the recipients begins. This is beautifully illustrated in the Jewish law, which required the sheaf to be left in the field, for the needy and passing stranger.
It may 1,e admitted that this bequest would be executed in England. A charity rarely, if ever, fails in that country. The only question there is, whether it shall be administered by the chancellor, in the exercise of his ordinary jurisdiction, or under the sign-manual of the crown. Thus furnished with the judicial and prerogative powers, the intent of the testator, however vaguely and remotely expressed, if it be construed into a charity, effect is generally given to it. It is true, this is not always done in the spirit of the donor; for sectarian prejudices, or the arbitrary Nill of the king's instruments, sometimes pay little or no regard to the expressed will of the testator.
The appellants endeavor to sustain this charity under the laws of Pennsylvania. This is according to the course of the court. The case of The Philadelphia Baptist Association v. Hart's Executors, 4 Wheat. 1, was decided under the laws of Virginia, which had repealed the statute of 43 Elizabeth. In Beatty v. Kurtz, 2 Pet. 566, the pious use of a burial-ground was sustained under the bill of rights of Maryland. The case of Wheeler v. SmiLh, 9 How. 55, was ruled under the laws of Virginia. And in the case of Vidal v. Girard's Executors, the
laws of Pennsylvania governed. In Wheeler v. Smith, this court said, when this country
achieved its independence, the prerogatives of the crown devolved upon the people of the States. And this power still remains with them, except so far as they have delegated a portion of it to the federal government. The sovereign will is made known to us by legislative enactment. The State, as a sovereign, is the parenspatrite.
There can be no doubt that decisions have been made in this country, on the subject of charities, under the influence of English decrees, without carefully discriminating whether they resulted from the ordinary exercise of chancery powers, or the prerogatives of the crown.
The courts of the United States cannot exercise any equity powers, except those conferred -by acts of congress, and those iudicial powers which the high court of chancery in England, acting under its judicial capacity as a court of equity, possessed and exercised, at the time of the formation of the constitution of the United States. Powers not judicial, exercised by the chancellor merely as the representative of the sovereign, and by virtue of the king's prerogative as parens patrie, are not possessed by the circuit courts.

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

885

Fontain v. Ravenel.

In 2 Story's Eq. § 1189, it is said: "But as the court of chan-

cery may also proceed in many, although not in all, cases of

charities by original bill, as well as by commission under the

statute of Elizabeth, the jurisdiction has become mixed in prac-

tice ; that is to say, the jurisdiction of bringing informations in

the name of the attorney-general, has been mixed with the juris-

diction given to the chancellor by the statute. So that it is not

always easy to ascertain in what cases he acts as a judge,

administering the common duties of a court of equity, and in

what cases he acts as a mere delegate of the crown, adminis-

tering its peculiar duties and prerogatives. And again, there

'is a distinction between cases of charity, where the chancellor

is to act in the court of chancery, and cases where the charity.

is to be administered by the king, by his sign-manual. But in

practice the cases have often been confounded, from similar

causes."

" It is a principle in England, that the king, as parenspatria,

enforces public charities, where no other person is intrusted

with the right. Where there is no trustee, the king, by his lord

chancellor, administers the trust, as the keeper of the king's

conscience ;, and it is not important whether the cliancellor acts

as the special delegate of the crown, or the king acts under

the sign-manual, his discretion being guided by the chancellor."

It may be well again to state the precise question before us.

"The executors, or the survivor of them, after the decease of

the testator's wife, was authorized to dispose of the property,

for the use of such charitable institutions in Pennsylvania and

South. Carolina, as they or he may deem most beneficial to

mankind."

No special trust is vested in the executors, by reason of this

power of appointment. It is separable and distinct from their

ordinary duties and trust as executors. It was to be exercised

after the death of Mrs. Kohne; but the executors died before

her decease, and consequently they had no power to make the

appointment. The conditions annexed by the testator rendered

the appointment impossible. Had the contingency of the death

of Mrs. Kohne happened, as the testator from her advanced age

contemplated, during the life of the executors or the survivor

of them, the appointment might have been made at his or their

discretion. But had they or the survivor of them failed to make

it, it might have become a question whether he or they could

have been coerced to do so by the exercise of any known chan-

cery power in this country. The will contained no provision

for such a contingency, and it could not be brought under the

trust of executorship. Chancery will not compel the execution

of a mere naked power. 1 Story's Eq. § 169. But it will,

VOL. XVII.

38

386

SUIPREME COURT.

Fontain v. Ravenel.

under equitable circumstances, aid a defective execution of a power. A power when coupled with a trust, if not executed before the death of the trustee, at law the power is extinguished, but the trust, in chancery, is held to survive.
The testator was -uv.'lling to give this discretion to select the objects of his bounty, except to his executors. He relied on their discrimination, their judgment, their integrity, and fitness, to carry out so delicate and important a power. He made no provision for a failure, in this respect, by his executors or the survivor of them, nor for the contingency of their deaths before Mrs. Kohne's decease. They died before they had the power to appoint, and now what remains of this bequest, on which a court of chancery can act?
There must be some creative energy to give embodiment to an intention which was never perfected. Nothing short of the prerogative power, it would seem, can reach this case. There is not only uncertainty in the beneficiaries of this charity, but behind that is a more formidable objection. There is no ex-
pressed will of the testator. He intended to speak through his executors or the survivor of them, but by the acts -ofProvidence
this has become impossible. It is then as though he had not spoken. Can any power now speak for him, except the parens vatrim? Had he declared that the residue of his estate should be applied to certain charitable purposes, under the statute of 43 Eliz., or on principles similar to those of the statute, effect might have been given to the bequest, as a charity, in the State of Pennsylvania. The words as to the residue of his property
were used in reference to the discretion to be exercised by his executors. Without their action, he did not intend to dispose of the residtie of his property.
It is argued, "that in England the chancellor, in administering charities, acts as the delegate of the crown, inasmuch as he discharges all his judicial functions in that capacity." If, by this, it is intended to assert that the chancellor, in affixing the ign-manual of the king, or when he acts under the cy pres power, is in the discharge of his ordinary chancery powers, it
does not command our assent. The statute of 43 Eliz., though not technically in force in
Pennsylvania, yet, by common usage, and constitutional recognition, the principles of the statute are acted upon in cases involving charities. Witman v. Lex, 17 Serg. and Rawle, 88.
In the argument, the case of Moggridge v. Thackwell, 7 Ves.
86, was cited, as identical with the case before us. "The only difference between th? case and this one, it is said, is, that in the former the devise was for objects not defined, as they are in this ease." In this the counsel are somewhat mistaken, as the case of Moggridge will show.

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

387

Fontain v. Ravenel.

The devise in the will of Ann Cam was: 1And I give all the
rest and residue of my personal estate unto James Vaston, of Clapton, Middlesex, gentleman, his executors and administra-
tors, desiring him to dispose of the same in such charities as he
shall think fit, recommending poor clergymen who have large families and good characters; and I appoint the said John Maggridge and Mr. Vaston, before mentioned, executors of this my
wll." In the final decree, "upon a motion to vary the minutes, Lord
Thurlow declared, that the residue of the testatrix's personal estate passed by her will, and ought to go and be applied to
charity," &c. Now here was a trust created not only in Vaston, but in his
executors and administrators, to whom the residue of the estate was bequeathed for the purposes of the charity. In this view, Lord Thburlow might well say, "the residue of the personal estate passed by the will.' This was true, though Vaston was dead when the will took effect. This being the case, it is difficult to say that that case is identical with the one before us.
The case of Moggridge v. Thackwell was before Lord Eldon on a rehearing. He entered into a general view d the subject
of charities, by the citation of authorities which showed the unreasonableness of the doctrine maintained by the courts, the inconsistencies in the decisions in such cases,.and the gross perversions of charities by the exercise of the prerogative power; but at last he says: "Therefore I rather think the decree is right.
I have conversed with many upon it I have great difficulty in my own mind, and have found great difficulty in the mind of every person I have consulted; but the general principle thought most reconcilable to the cases is, that where there is a general indefir ite purpose, not fixing itself upon any object, as this in 'a degree does, the disposition is in the king by sign-manual; but
where the execution is to be by a trustee, with general or some objects pointed out, there the court will take the administration of the trust. -But," he observes, "it must be recollected that I am called upon to reverse the d~cree of a predecessor, and of a predecessor who, all the reports inform us, had great occasion to consider thi's subject. I should hesitate with reference to that
circumstance; but where authority meets authority, and precedent clashes with precedent, I do bt whether I could make a decree more satisfactory to my own diind than that which has
been made." It will be perceived that this decision was made reluctantly,
and after much balancing of the law and the force of precedents; and chiefly; as it would seem, in respect to the decxee of Lord
Thurlow. This decision of Lord Eldon was made in 1802, and it is not known to have been recognized in this country..

SUPREME COURT.
Fontain v. Ravenel.
Neither the doctrines on which this decision is founded, nor the doubts expressed by the chancellor, are calculated very strongly to recommend it to judicial consideration. The case, howeier, is different from the one before us, in this: the residuary estate of Mrs. Cam passed to the trustee; that of Air. Kohne remained as a part of his estate in the hands of the executors, and descended to his heirs at law on the death of Mrs. Kohne. The beneficiaries were not more definitely described in the one case than in the other. In Kohne's case no trust was created, except that which was connected with the executorship.
Where there is nothing more than a power of appointment conferred by the testator, there is nothing on which a trust, on general principles, can be fastened. The power given is a mere agency of the will, which may or may not be exercised at the discretion of the individual. And if there be no act on his part, the property never having passed out of the testatol, it necessarily remains as a part of his estate. To meet such cases, and others, the prerogative power of the king, in England, has been invoked, and he, through the chancellor, gives effect to the
charity. It would be curious, as well as instructive, on a proper occa-
sion, to consider the principles, if principles they can be called, which were first applied in England to charities. Their most learned chancellors express themselves, in some degree, as ignorant on this subject. Lord Eldon said, in the case of Mtaggridge, "in what the doctrine originated, whether, as Lord Thurlow supposed, in the principles of the civil law, as applied to charities, or in the religious notions entertained formerly in this country, I know not; but we all know there was a period when a portion of' the residue of every man's estate was appropriated to charity, and the ordinary thought himself obliged so to apply it, upon the ground that there was a general principle of piety in the testator."
In the above case, Lord Eldon again says: In Clifford v. Francis, this doctrine is laid down: that when money is given to charity, without expressing what charity, there the king is the disposer of the charity; and a bill ought to be preferred in the attorney-general's name. I cite this (he says) to show that it contains a doctrine precisely the same as the Attorney-General v. Syderfin, and the Attorney-General v. Matthews. So those three eases (he say's) seemed to have established, in the year 1679, that the doctrine of this court was, that where the property was not vested in trustees, and the gift was to charity generally, not to be ascertained by the act of individuals referred to, the charity was to be disposed of, not by a scheme before the master, but by the king, the disposer of such charities in his character of parens patrix.

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

389

Fontain v. Ravenel.

Some late decisions in England, involving charities, evince-a disposition rather to restrict than to enlarge the powers exer-
cised on this subject. An arbitrary rule in regard to property, whether by a king or chancellor, or both, leads to uncertainty
and injustice. In a late case of Clark t-. Taylor, 21 .Eng. Law and Eq. 30S,
a gift, by will, to a particular charitable institution maintained voluntarily by private means, the particular intention having-
ceased: held that the gift was not to be disposed of as a charitable gift cy pres, but failed and fell into the residue."
In the case of the Baptist Association, Chief Justice Marshall says, there can be no doubt that the power of the crown to superintend and enforce charities existed in very early times; and there is much "difficulty in marking the extent of this
branch of the royal prerogative before the statute. That it is a
branch of prerogative, and not a part of the ordinary powers of the chancellor, is sufficiently certain." And in the case of the Attorney-Gen&al v. Flood, Hayne's Rep. 630, it is said: "The court of chancery has always exercised jurisdiction in nfiatters
of charity, derived from the crown as parcispatriw." In the provisions of the act of Pennsylvania defining the
powers of a court of chancery, in 1836, it is declared, "that in
every case in which any court, as aforesaid, shall exercise any of the powers of a court of chancery, the same shall be exercised according to the practice in equity, prescribed or adopted
by the supreme court of the United States." In June, 1840, an act extended the jurisdiction of the su-
preme court within the city and county of Philadelphia, in
chancery, in cases of "fraud, accident, mistake, or account;" and since then an act has been passed giving the orphans' court power where a vacancy exists in a trust to fill it, and also to
dismiss trustees, executors, &c., for abuse of their trusts, &c.
But no statutory provision is found embracing the case before us. The chancery powers are of comparatively recent establish-
ment in the State of Pennsylvania, and it does not appear that the cy pres power is given, and in the exercise of jurisdiction it seems to be disclaimed.
In King v. Rundle, 15 Barb. 139, "there being a number of charitable bequests to several charitable bodies, the remainder
was bequeathed or devised to the Protestant Episcopal society, for certain purposes, &c.; the bequests to the rligious bodies were held invalid, and so of the remainiler over, as not being statutory tests. In Yates v. Yates, 9 Barb. '024, the court say: "We come to the conclusion that, as a court of equitywe .possess no origmal inherent 'jurisdiction, to enforce the execution of a charitable trust void in law, as contravening the
33.

890

SUPREME COURT.

Fontain v. Ravenel.

statute against perpetuities, as being authorized. In this case, where the use is a pious one, additional reasons might be urged against the exercise of such jurisdiction, were it important. Unless this trust will stand the statutory test to be applied to it, it must fall.
In the will of Sarah Zane, ir. Justice Baldwin, sitting in Pennsylvania, and speaking of trustees, says: " They will be considered as trustees, acting under the supervision of this court, as a court of chancery, with the same powers over trusts as courts of equity in England, and the courts of this State profess and exercise." "When the fund shall be so ascertained as to be capable of a final distribution, it will be directed to be applied exclusively to the objects designated in the will, as they existed at the time of her death, and shall continue until a final decree; if any shall then appear to have become extinct, the
portion bequeathed to such object must fall into the residuary fund as a lapsed legacy. Its appointment to othe- purposes or cestuis que trust than those which can, by equitable construetiori, be brought within the intention of the will of the donor, is an exercise of that branch of the jurisdiction of the chancellor of England which has been conferred on this court by no law, and cannot be exercised, virtute ojicii,under our forms of government."
And again, in Wright v. Linn, 9 Barr, 433, Bell, J., says: "Though the statute of 43 Elizabeth, ch. 4, relating to charitable uses, has not, in terms, been recognized as extending to Pennsylvania, we have adopted, not only the principles that properly emanate from it, but, with perhaps the single exception of cy pres, those which, by an exceedingly liberal construction, the English courts have engrafted upon it."
In the Methodist Church v. Remington, 1 Watts, 226, the court says: " The original trust, though void; was not a superstitious one; nor if it were, would the property, as in England: revert to the State for the purpose of being appropriated in eadem genera, as no court here possesses the specific power necessary to give effect to the principle of cy pres, even were the principle itself not too grossly revolting to the public sense of justice to be tolerated in a country where there is no ecclesiastical establishment."
In Ray v. Adams, 3 Mylne and Keen's R. 237, it was held, "that where a power is by will given to a trustee, which he neglects to execute, the execution of the trust devolves upon the court; but if, in the events which happen, the intended trustee dies before the time arrives for the execution of the trust, and the trust therefore fails, the testator is fo be considered as having so far died intestate.

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

-91

Fontain v. Ravenel.

In the case of Ommanney v. Butcher, 1 Turn. and Russ. R. 260, a testafor concluded his will, "in case there is any money remaining, I should wish it to be given in private charity.' Held, "if the testator meant to create a trust, and the frusi is not effectually created, or fails, the next of kin must take."
There appears to be no law or usage in South Carolina that can materially affect the question under consideration. It seems to be conceded that if this charity cannot be administered by this court, in the State of Pennsylvaia,'it cannot be
made available by the laws of South Carolina.
After the investigation we have been able to give to this important case, embracing the English chancery decisions on
charities, as well as our own, and the cases decided in Pennsylvania, we are not satisfied that the fund in question ought to be withdrawn from those who are in possession of it, as the heirs of Frederick Kohne. There does not appear to us to be any safe and established principle, in Pennsylvania, which,
under the circumstances, enables a court of chancery to administer the fund. It has not fallen back into the estate of the
testator, because it was not separated from it. It remains unaffected by the bequest, because the means through wxhich it
was to be given and applied have failed. The decree of the
circuit court is, therefore, affirmed.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY and Mr. Justice DANIEL concurred in the judgment of the court, but dissented from the
reasoning. Their opinions were as follows.

Opinion of Mr.Chief Justice TANEY. I concur in the judgment of the court. But I do not, for
myself, desire to express an opinion upon either the law of
Pennsylvania or of South Carolina, in relation to charitable bequests. For, assuming every thing to be true that is stated in the complainant's, bill, and that the bequest is valid by the laws
of Pennsylvania, and would be carried into execution by the tribunals of the State, yet I think the circuit court of the United States had not jurisdiction to establish and enforce it;
and was right, therefore, in dismissing the bill. I propose to show, very briefly, the grounds on which this opinion is formed.
Undoubtedly, a charitable bequest of this description would be maintained in the English court of chancery.' The death of the executors, in the lifetime of the widow, Wvould make no
difference. The bequest would still be good against the heirs
or representatives of the testator, and the fund applied to charitable purposes, according to a scheme approved by the chan-
cellor, or authQrized under the sign-manual of the king.

392

SUPREM1E COURT.

Fontain v. Ravenel.

But the power which the chancellor exercises over donations to charitable uses, so far as it differs from the power he exer-
cises in other cases of trust, does not belong to the court of chancery as a court of equity, nor is it a part of its judicial power and jurisdiction. It is a branch of the prerogative power of the king as parens patrice,which he exercises by the
chancellor. Blackstone in his Commentaries, 3d vol. 47, enumerating
what he states to be the extraordinary powers of the chancellor, says: "He is the general guardian of all infants, idiots, and lunatics, and has the general superintendence of all charitable uses in the kingdom; and all this over and above the vast and extensive jurisdiction which he exercises in his judicial rapacity in the court of chancery." And in the same volume, page 437, he says: " The king, as parens patrie,has the general superintendence of all charities, which he exercises by the keeper of his conscience, the chancellor; and, therefore, whenever it is necessary, the attorney-general, at the relation of some inf6rnant, files an ex officio information in the court of chan-
cery to have the charity properly established." So, too, Cooper, in his chapter on the jurisdiction of the
court, says: " The jurisdiction, however, in the three cases of infants, idiots, or lunatics and charities, does not belong to the court of chancery as a court of equity, but as administering the
prerogative and duties of the crown."
And in the case of the ,Baptist Association v. Hart's Executors, 4 Wheat. 1, this court, after examining many English authorities upon the subject, affirm the same doctrine. And Chief Justice Marshall, who delivered the opinion of the. court, expresses it in the following strong and decisive language
(p. 48): -
"It would be a waste of time," says the- chief justice, "to multiply authorities to this point, because the principle is familiar to the profession. It is impossible to look in+o the subject without perceiving and admitting it. Its extent may
be less obvious. " We now find," he continues, " this prerogative employed in
enforcing donations to charitable uses, which would not be valid if made to other uses; in applying them to different objects than those designated by the donor, and in supplying all defects in the instrument by which the donation is conveyed,
or in that by which it is administered."
Resting my opinion upon the English authorities above referred to, and upon the emphatic language just quoted from the decision of this court, I think I may safely conclude that the power exercised by the English court of chancery "in

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

393

Fontain v. Ravenel.

enforcing donations to charitable use8, which would not be valid if made to other uses," is not a part of its jurisdiction as a court of equity, but a prerogative power exercised by that
court.
It remains to inquire whether the constitution h.s conferred this prerogative power on the courfi of equity of the United States.
The 2d section of the 3d article of the constitution declares that the judicial power of the United States shall extend to
all cases in law and equity specified in the section. These words obviously confer judicial power, and nothing more; and cannot, upon any fair construction, be held to embrace the prerogative powers, which the king, as parens patrie, in England, exercised through the courts. And the chancery jurisdiction of the courts of the United States, as granted by the constitu-
tion, extends only to cases over which the court of chancery had jurisdiction, in its judicial character as a court of equity: The wide discretionary power which the chancellor of England exercises over infants, lunatics, or idiots, or charities, has not
been conferred.
These prerogative powers, which belong to the sovereign as parens patrice, remain with the States. They may legalize
charitable bequests within their own respective dominions, to the extent to which the law upon that subject has been carried in England; and they may require any tribunal of the State, which they think proper to select for that purpose, to establish such charities, and to carry them into execution. But state laws will not authorize the courts of the United States to exercise any power that is not in its nature judicial; nor can they confer on them the prerogative powers over minors, idiots, and lunatics, or charities, which the English chancellor possesses. Nobody will for a moment suppose that a court of equity of the United States could, in virtue of a state law, take upon itself the guardianship over all the minors, idiots, or lunatics in the State. Yet these powers in the English chancellor stand upon the same ground, and are derived from the same authority, as its power in cases of charitable bequests.
State laws cannot enlarge the powers of the courts of the United States beyond the limits marked out by the constitution. It is true that the courts of chancery of the United
States, in administering the law of a State, may. sometimes be called on to exercise powers which do not belong to courts of equity in England. And, in such cases, if the power is judicial
in its character, and capable of being regulated by the established rules and principles of a court of equity, there can be no good objection to its exercise. It falls within the just inter-

SUPREM1E COURT.
Fontain v. Ravenel.
pretation of the grant in the constitution. But, beyond this, the state laws can confer no jurisdiction on the courts of equity of the United States.
In the cases in relation to charities which have come before this court, there has been a good deal of discussion upon the question, whether the power of the chancery court of England was derived from 43 Elizabeth, or was exercised by the court before that act was passed. And there has been a diversity of opinion upon this subject in England, as well as in this country. In the case of the Baptist Association v. Hart's Executors, Chief Justice Marshall, who delivered the opinion of the court, (vide 4 Wheat. 49,) and. Mr. Justice Story, who wrote out his own opinion, and afterwards published it in the appendix to 3 Pet. Rep., (ride p. 497,) were both at that time of opinion that it was derived from the statute. But in Vidal v. Girard's Executors, 2 How. 127, Mr. Justice Story changed his opinion, chiefly upon the authority of cases found in the old English records, which had been printed a short time before by the commissioners on public records in England. It appeared from these records that the power had been exercised in many cases long before the statute was passed.
But this circumstance does not affect the question I am now considering; for, whether exercised before or not, yet, whenever exercised, it was in virtue of the prerogative power, and not as a part of the jurisdiction of the court as a court of equity. The statute conferred no new prerogative on the °crown. And Lord Redesdale, 1 Bligh. 347, while he held that the power existed in the chancellor before the statute, and had been frequently exercised, declares it to be a prerogative power, and says:- " The king, as parens patri3, has a right by his proper officer, the attorney-general, to call upon the several courts of justice, according to the nature of their several jurisdictions, to see that right is done to his subjects who are incompetent to act for themselves, as in the case of charities and other cases."
Besides,.if it could be shown that at some remote period of time the-court of chancery exercised this power as a part of its ordinary jurisdiction as a court of equity, it would not influence the construction of the words used in the constitution. For at the time that instrument was adopted, it was universally admitted by the jurists in England and in this country, as will appear by the references above made, that this extraordinary and unregulated power in relation to charities was not judicial, and did not belong to the court as a court of equity. The con. stitution of th&'United States, as I have before said, grants only judicial power at law and in equity to its courts; that is, the powers at that time understood and exercised as judicial, in the

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

395

Fontain v. Ravenel.

courts of common law and equity in England. And it must be construed according to the meaning which the words -used conveyed at the time-of its adoption; and the grant of power cannot be enlarged by resorting to a jurisdiction which the court of chancery in England, centuries ago, 'may have claimed as a part of its ordinary judicial power, but which
had been abandoned and repudiated as untenable on fhat ground, by the court itself, long before the constitution was
adopted. Case-s may arise in a circuit court of the United States, in
which it would be necessary to decide whether the English doctrine, as to charities, was founded on the statute, or-was a part of the law of England before the statute was passed.
And in a suit by an heir or representative of the testator, (authorized from his place of residence to sue in a court of the United States,) to recover property or money bequeathed toa
charity, the court must of .necessity examine whether the
bequest was valid or not by the laws of the State, and barred the claim of the heir or representative. And if in such a case it appeared that the State had not adopted the statute, it would
ba necessary to inquire whether the law in relation to these
bequests was a part of the common law before the statute, and admini.stered as such by the English court of chancery, and
whether it had been adopted by the State as a part of its common law. For the prerogative powers of the English crown in relation to minors, idiots, or lunatics, and charities, are a part of the common law of England; and the people pf any State,
who deemed it proper to do so, might vest these powers in the courts of the State.
Such an inquiry was necessary in the case of Vidal v.
Girard's Executors, and of Wheeler v. Smith. But the question of jurisdiction is a very different one when a court of the United States is called upon to execute the duties of the sovereignty of the State, and to take upon itself the discretionary powers which, if they exist at all by its common law br
statutes, belong to the official 'representatives of the arens patriv, -that is, the state sovereignty. And in the case of
the Baptist Association v. Hart, although the court did not expressly deny its jurisdiction to establish the charity, if it had been valid by the laws of Virginia, yet it expressed its doubts upon the subject, saying that the question could only arise where the attorney-general was a party.
For these reasons a court of chancery of the United States
must, in my opinion, deal with bequests and trusts for charity as they deal with bequests and trusts for other lawful purposes; and decide them upon the same principles and by the same

SUPREME COURT.
Fontain v. Ravenel.
rules. And if the object to be benefited is so indefinite and so vaguely described, that the bequest could not be supported in the case of an ordinary trust, it cannot be established in a court of the United States upon the ground that it is a charity. And if, from any cause, the cestui que trust,in an ordinary case of trust, would be incapable of maintaining a suit in equity to establish his claim, the same rule must be applied where charity is the object, and the complainant claims to be recognized as one of its beneficiaries.
I concur, therefore, in affirming the judgment of the circuit court, dismissing the bill; but I concur upon the ground that the court had no jurisdiction of the case stated by the complainant, and express no opinion as to the validity or invalidity of this bequest, whether in this respect it be governed by the laws of Pennsylvania or of South Carolina.
Mr. Justice DANIEL. Whilst I concur in the decision of this court, in affirming the decree of the circuit court dismissing the bill of the appellants, in portions of the argument by which this court have come to their conclusion, I cannot concur. In expressing my dissent, I shall not follow the protracted argument throughout its entire length; my purpose is, chiefly, to free myself on any future occasion from the trammels of an assent, either expressed or implied, to what are deemed by me the untenable, and, in this case, the irrelevant positions, which that argument propounds. I readily admit that the courts of chancery of the United States are vested with no prerogative power, can exercise no power or function similar to those derived to the lord chancellor in England, either by commission under tfie sign-manual of the king, as parens patrice, or in the application of the oftenabused and oppressive doctrine of cy pres, or in virhie of the provisions of the statute of 43 Elizabeth. But this concession, taken in its broadest extent, by no means establishes the inference that the court of chancery in England, as a court of equity, by virtue of its inherent, and, if I may so speak, constitutional powers, apart from the prerogative and apart from the statute of Elizabeth, could not take jurisdiction of trusts, either in the establishment or maintenance of those trusts, because they expressed or implied a charitable end or purpose, or because the charitable objects were not defined with perfect precision. And if such a power inhered and existed constitutionally in the court of chancery in England as a court of equity, does it not follow, ex consequenti, that, the constitution and laws of the United States, constituting the courts of equity of the United States with express reference to the character and

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

397

Fontain v. Ravenel.

functions of the court of chancery as a court of equity in Eng-

land, have conferred upon the former the regular inherent powers

of the latter?

Much of the learned and elaborate opinion of this court,

delivered by the late Justice Story, in the case of Vidal et al. v.

Girard's Executors, 2 How. 127, nay, the great end and stress

of that opinion, as correctly apprehended, consisted in the main-

tenance of the position that, apart from the prerogative power

with which the lord chancellor was clothed, and independently

of the statute of Elizabeth, and long anterior to the enactment of

that statute, wherever there was a devise or bequest to a person,

natural or artificial, capable of taking, and a beneficiary under

the devise or bequest sufficiently certain and defined to be made

the recipient of such a g, the court of chancery, in the exer-

cise of its regular and inherent jurisdiction, as a court of equity

in relation to trusts, (one of the great heads of equity jurisdic-

tion,) would establish and protect such devise or bequest even

in cases where the objects thereof were somewhat vague in

their character, and although such devise contained a charity.

To this express point, too, are the numerous decisions produced

by the industry of the learned aild able and distinguished

couisel for the devisee, as the result of the researches made in

the records of the chancery court, by a commission created

under the authority of the British parliament. Indeed, the

decision of this court in the case of Vidal v.'Girard's Execu-

tors, would seem to be incomprehensible and without purpose

unless interpreted as asserting and maintaining, both upon

reasoni and authority, the regular jurisdiction of equity over

devises, wherever the devisee was capable of taking, and the

beneficiaries were sufficiently defined to render the directions

of the testator practicable, although these directions declared or

implied a charity.

It is somewhat curious to observe, that the opinion of Lord

Redesdale, in the case of the Attorney-General v. The Mayor

of Dublin, 1 Bligh, 312, is appe~1ed to in support of the doc-

trine now promulged, when that same case is avouched and

relied on in the case of Vidal v. Girard's Executors, in support

of the legitimate and regular powers of the courts of equity.

This application of the language of Lord Redesdale would

seem to grow out of the simple fact, that, in the case before

him, the attorney-general was a party. But what is the declar-

ation of his lordship, in reference to the powers of a court of

equity over subjects like the one under his consideration? After

denying that the statute of Elizabeth created any new law, and

asserting that it only created a jurisdiction merely ancillary to

that previously existing in the chancery court, he observes that

VOL. XVII.

34

SUPREME COURT.
Fontain v. Ravenel.
the proceedings under that commission were still subject to appeal to the lord chancellor,.and he might reverse or affirm what had been done, or make such order as he might think fit, reserving the controlling jurisdiction of the court of chancery as it existed before the statute. He then continues, as pointing out a different mode of effecting the same objects, and from a different source of power, to declare, that the same thing might be done by the attorney-general, by information, in virtue of the prerogative.
So, too, it is affirmed by this court, nemine contradicente,in the case of Vidal v. Girard's Executors, that Lord Chancellor Sugden, in the case of the Incorporated Society v. Richards, 1 Drury and Warren, 258, upon a full survey of all the authorities-where the point was directly before him, held the same doctrine as Lord Redesdale; and expressly decided that there was an inherent jurisdiction in equity in cases of charity, anterior to and independently of the-statute of Elizabeth.
Upon a just understanding of the opinion of the court in the case of Vidal v. Girard's Executors, and of the interpretation given, in that opinion, to the English authorities relied on, it seems impossible to escape from the conclusions, that devises to persons ,capable of taking, in trust for beneficiaries sufficiently defined, and for purposes neither illegal nor immoral, and where there exist no objections to parties such as would exclude the jurisdiction of the courts in other cases, the courts of the United States as courts of equity, in the exercise of regular, inherent, equity powers in relation to trusts, will sustain and enforce such devises. These conclusions seem to follow inevitably from the ruling of this court in the case of Vidal v. Girard's Executors. Indeed, they seem to be comprised within the literal terms of that decision; and the decision now made seems to me incomprehensible, unless understood as designed to overrule that case, and every authority fr'om the English chancery cited and commented upon in its support. For such an assault upon the previous decision of this court, Nvielding a blow so trenchant and fatal at one great. and acknowledged head of equity jurisprudence, the head of trusts, my mind is not prepared.
There is a principle, and, in my opinion, the correct principle, on which the decision of this court may be placed, without the innovation which is objected to. It is that on which my concurrence in the decree of this court is founded, and one, too, which steers entirely clear of what is by me deemed exceptionable. That principle is this: That, by the wvill of Frederick Kohne, the devisees in trust were clothed with a merely naked power, to be exercised by them as the special and exclu-

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

399

Bogart et al. v. The Steamboat John Jay.

sive depoitories of the testator's .confidence, and that power to be dependent on conditions upon which, and on which alone, they should have authority to act. In the progress of events to which the devise was necessarily incident, the powers created and to be executed by the devisees in trust, have become impracticable and void. These depositories of the testator's confidence are all dead. The conditions on which their powers were made dependent, never did occur, and can by no possi bility ever occur. It follows, therefore, that, in conformity with the will, there is no person who can act, and no subject to be acted upon, and no beneficiaries of the contemplated action. My opinion, therefore, is, that the devise has lapsed, or, rather, that no right ever came into existence under it; that nothing was ever passed by it from the estate, which descends, of course, to the testator's heirs.
Order.
This cause came on to bd heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit cotirt of the .United States for the eastem district of Pennsylvania, and -was argued by counsel. ' On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

SEBRA lM. BOGART, WILLIAM J. WILCOX, AND LEONARD F. FITCH, LIBELLANTS AND APPELLANTS, 'V.. THE STEAMBOAT
JOHN JAY, HER TACKLE, &C. GEORGE LOGAN, CLAIMANT.
The courts of the United Staies, in the exercise of admiralty and maritime jarisdiction, canerot take cognizance of questions of property between the mortgagee of a vessel and the owner.
The mere mortgage of a ship, other than that of an hypothecated bottomry, is a contract without any of the characteristics or attendants of a maritime loan, and, is entered into by the parties to it, without reference to navigation or perils of the sea.
The admiralty courts in England now exercise a more ample jurisdiction upon the subject of mortgages of ships, but it is under a statute of Victoria; and in the United States the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction remains as it was before.
THIS was an appeal from the circuit court of the United States for the southern district of New York.
It was a libel filed by the appellants of the steamboat John Jay, to enforce payment of a mortgage upon the boat, under the circumstances stated in the opinion of the court.
The district court dismissed the libel, which decree was

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

239

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY. I shall state my opinion in this case, in the cases of Williams's
administrator, and Gooding's adminj.rator, as the three cases are nearly connected, and depend on the same principles.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Maryland, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed -with costs.

JOHN S. WILLIAMS, ADmiN.STRATOR OF JAMES WILLIAMS,
DECEA ED, APPELLANT, V. ROBERT M. GIBBEs AND CfARLES
OLIVER, EXECUTORS OF ROBERT OLIVER, DECEASED.
In 1816, an association called the Baltimore Company, was organized in Baltimort, for the purpose of furnishing advances and supplies in fitting out a military expedition under General Mina, against Mexico, then a part of the dominions of the Ring of Spain. See 11 How. 529, and 12 Tb. 111.
One of the shareholders having become insolvent, in 1819, his trustee sold the share in 1825. The original transaction being illegal, the share could not be considered,
M
by the laws of aryland, as property passing.by the insolvency to the trustee. Consequently, th, ,ale by the trustee passed nothing to the assignee. The court of appeals of Maryland so decided, and this court adopts their construction of their own laws. An act of the Legislature of Maryland, passed in 1841, made the sale of 1825 Talid, so far only as defects existed for the want of a bond, by the tfustee in insolvency, and the want of a ratification of the sale by the court. But it did not purport to cure other defects in the title of the trustee. Nor did the cqurt of appeals decide that it went any further than to cure the two defects above mentioned. In 1846, theBaltimore county court distributed the fund, and awarded the proceeds of the share in question to the executors of the assignee. This decree was affirmed by thl court of appeals in 1849. But.during this time there was no person authorized to protee the interest of the insolvent. He had diedin 1836, and no letters of administration upon his estate were taken out until 1852. In the distribution of a common fund amongst the several parties interested, an absent party, who had no notice of the proceedings, and who was not guilty of wilful laches or unreasonable neglect, will not be concluded by the decree of distribution from the assertion of his right by bill or petitiosi hgainst the trustee, executor, or administrator; or, in case they have distributed the fund in pursuance of an order of the court, against the distributees. The English and American cases upon this point examined. The present claim being made by the administrator of -the insolvent, against the executors of the assignee, it is not necessary, under the circumstances of the case, to turn, the plaintiff over, for his remedy, against the distributees.
TIS was an appeal from the circuit court of the United States for -thedistrict of Maryland.

SUPREME COURT.
Williams v. Gibbes et al.
It was, in some respects, similar to the preceding case of McBlair, administrator of Goodwin v. Oliver's executors; but it differed from it in the important point that the original holder of the share, namely, Williams, never made any assignment of it to Oliver. The title of the latter was derived exclusively from a purchase made by him from George Winchester, the trustee of Williams in insolvency.
The Mexican Company consisted originally of ten persons, each holding one share. One of the parties declining to pay up, the remaining nine a.vanced the necessary amount, and thus the company was rediited to nine persons or firms, namely, D'Arcy and Didier, Hollins and McBlair, Descoves and Mercier, Dennis A. Smith, Jeremiah Sullivan and John Sullivan, John Gooding, James Williams, Thomas Sheppard, and Lyde Goodwin.
In 1819, James Williams applied for the benefit of the insolvent laws of Maryland, and George Winchester was appointed his trustee, from whom Mr. Oliver purchased the share, in 1825, for $2,000. Winchester had omitted to give bond or to have the sale ratified by the court, and an act was afterwards passed by the legislature of Maryland, to cure these defects.
Williams died in 1836, and no letters of administration were taken out until 1852, when the present appellant became his administrator, and filed the bill in the present cas The ground assumed was the same with that taken by McBlair, in the preceding case, namely, that if the assignment to Oliver made by the trustee in insolvency was void, the interest of Williams must remain in his personal representatives.
On the 4th of October, 1841, a bill was filed on the equity side of the county court of the sixth judicial district of Maryland state court, by Philip E. Thomas and John White, trustees of Dennis A. Smith, against the following persons interested in the share of Dennis A. Smith, namely: Dennis A. Smith, James W. McCulloh, administrators; Job Smith, the President and Directors of the Mechanics' Bank of Baltimore, John Glenn, David 1VL Perine, William Gwyn, and James W. McCulloh, trustees; Mrs. Smith, William Brown, James Brown, John Patterson, Walter Smith, executor; Clement Smith, George Brown, Herman Perry, Virgil Maxcy, Samuel Nevins, - Nevins, Joshua Lippencott, John S. Smith, Richard Harding, and A. H. Lawrence, and the President, Directors, and Company of the Bank of the United States. The bill set forth the deed, the amount awarded to D. A. Smith, and the whole amount awarded to Glenn and Perine, the existence of charges and claims affecting in common their share of the fund and the residue in the hands of Glenn and Perine ; and after suggesting, in general terms,

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

241

Williams v. Gibbes I et al.

that they were advised there were other interests represented by

Glenn and Perine, connected with the claims of Dennis A. Smith, of the particulars whereof they were not informed, but which Glenn and Perine could state, and which were proper subjects -for distribution by the court, they pray for a proper distribution of the certificate, &c., growing out of the awards aforesaid, for
allowance of commissions for notice to the persons interested as aforesaid to present their claims before the auditor, and for
general relief. Glenn and Perine filed their answers, admitting the fact6 set

forth in the bill ; expressing their willingness to have the proceeds of the awards therein mentioned distributed under the direction of the court-to the persons entitled theretQ, including the award

in favor of those respondents under the agreement in the bill; and joined in the prayer for a reference to the auditor.
A notice was ordered by the court, and published on the 28th of October, 1841, requiring, all persons interested in the claims of D. A. Smith and the Mexican-Company, on Mexico, to present their vouchers, properly authenticated, on or before the 1st Japuary, 1842.
The cause was continued, from time to time, until the 23d of January, 1842, when Nathaniel Williams intervened, as the per-

manent trustee of James Williams, appointed in the place of George Wincheter. ie claimed the proceeds of the share of James Williaifs; upon the ground that the assignment to Oliver, by Winchester, was irregular and void.
It is not necessary , to state the numerous claimants who presented themselves, or the grounds upon which they rested their claims.
Another order was published on the 5th of September, 1843, giving notice to all persons having claims on the funds awarded

to the Mexican Company of Baltimore and Dennis A. Smith, to file their claims, -withthe vouchers and proofs, on or before the 5th October, 1843, else they might be barred from the benefit of the distribution of the find.
On the 5th of December, 1846, the court pronounced its decree, awarding, amongst other things, that the proceeds of the share of James Williams should be paid to the executors of Oliver, claiming under the assignment from Winchester, the defects of

whish were cured by an act of the legislature. 'Upon an appeal from this decree to the court of appeals of

Maryland, the decree of the county court, in the above respect,

was affirmed. In August, 1852, John S. Williams, as administrator of James
Williams, deceased, filed his bill against the executors of Oliver, in the supreme court of Baltimore city. The executors removed

VOL. XVII.

21

SUPREME COURT.
Williams v. Gibbes et al.
the cause into the circuit court of the United States, upon the allegation that they were citizens of the State of New York. The part of the bill which brought up the question in the cause was the following:-
Your orator further states to your Honor, that the said James Williams departed this life on or about 20th day of September; in the year 1836, in Harford county; that no letters of administration were ever taken out upon hi* estate, until they were in due form of law granted to your orator by the orphans' court for Harford county, on the 15th day of March, in the year 1852. That he has given bond, approved by said court, for the faithful performance of the trust reposed in him.
That neither said Williams nor your orator were ever present, or parties to, or in any manner bound by any proceeding, or order, or decree, had or passed in the aforesaid suit of Thomas White v. Dennis Smith and others, in Baltimore county court, as a court of equity, or in any appeal from -the doings of said court, to the court of appeals for the western shore of Maryland, and that any thing done or enacted in either of said courts was transacted in the absence of the said Williams and your orator; that the settlement and adjustment of the amount of the partnership funds of the said Mexican Company, and of the charges, and commissions, and costs, to which they were liable in solido, and the distribution of the remainder of said funds by the decree of the co art, into the several shares to which each member of said company was entitled, are in no manner binding upon, or even evidence against the said Williams or your orator, &c., &c.
The respondents answered the bill, setting forth various grounds of 'defence, and particularly ielying upon the decree of the court of appeals, affirming the judgment of the county court. The opinions of the judges of the court of appeals have beeni published, in extenso, in one of the preceding volumes of Howard's Reports, and therefore need not be repeated here.
On the 3d of December, 1853, the circuit court dismissed the complainant's bill, with costs, and the complainant appealed to this court.
It wa* argued by X'. Davis, and lAfr. Dulany, with whom was Mr. MWartin, for the appellant, and by Mr. Campbell, and Mr. JohnsOn, for the appellees.
Only such of the arguments of counsel can be reported a; related to the point upon which the decision of the court turned.
The counsel for the appellant contended: II. The decree of the court of appeals is not a bar. 1. It, is no estoppel, as res adjudicata. For Gooding and

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

243

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

Williams were not parties named in the bill, nor petitioners under the decree; and no notice, actual or constructive, of. the pendency of the suit is shown or averred. Hollingsworth v. Barbour, 4 Pet. 475; Aspden . Nixon, 4 How. 467, 497, 498.
2. Both Williams and Gooding were dead before the suit was instituted; and no administration existed till after final
decree.
The decree, therefore, cannot bind them as either parties or
privies. 3. The title decided on was different. The title of Gooding
and Williams was never in issue. The only issue on the record was, the validity of an assignment of a prior insolvent trustee, questioned -by a subsequent insolvent trustee.
No matter what the court might have thought or said, on such an issue the decree could not conclude a title paramount to both the litigants. For our title originated in the award subsequent to the insolvent assignment.
IIL The decree does not bar the complainants as a final disposition of a fund in court for distribution, by reason of their
failure to intervene. For, 1. The suit did not profess to be on behalf of all the claim-
ants of the Mexican Company's fund. It contains no description of the fund, of the parties entitled,
or of the Mexican Company; and no prayer for the adminis-
tration of the fund.. Its allegations and averments look to the administration of
the share and private fund of D. A. Smith, under the deed to Thomas and White, among the creditors of D. A. Smith, who are parties; and to have included in that suit the allegations requisite to enable the court to administer the whole fund of the M ;xican Company among the members, would have made the bill multifarious and demurrable. Only a few loose phrases allude to any thing outside the trusts of the deed to Thomas
and White. Thus Williams and Gooding were neither bound nor entitled
to come in under the decree. The Mary, 9 Cranch, 126; Good v. Blewitt, 13 Ves. 397 ; Ib.19 Yes. 336 ; Hays v. Miles, 9 G. and J. 193,197,198 ; Chalmers v. Chambers, 6 H. and J. 29, 30.
2. Had the bill been expressed to be by a few on behalf of
all the claimants of the fund, yet
(a). It is not a case where a few could sue for. all; for the members of the company were only nine, were all known, and could and should have been made parties by name or by their
representatives. (b) But even if it were a case where a few may sue for all,
and the bill properly framed, yet the decree in a suit by a few

SUPREME COURT.
Williams v. Gibbes et al.
for distribution of a fund among all interested is not ever, in
itself, a bar to one who did not come in. (c) Its only effect is to protect the trustee, and shift the
remedy from him or the fund against the party to whom it was awarded. Gillespie v. Alexander, 3 Russ. 130; David v. Frowd, 1 Myl. and Keene, 200; Greig v. Somerville, 1 Russ. and Myl. 338.
(d) It has never been held conclusive upon the right of a party, unless the failure to intervene has been wilful, after actual notice, and without adequate reason; and even then the delay after the decree and distribution was the main ground of exclusion; and the only case going so far was reversed on appeal. 2 Danl. C. P. 1453; Sawyer v. Birchmore, 1 Keen, 391, 825.
But in these cases, (a) Both parties were dead before the suit was brought, and so could be in no default. (b) No administration existed on the estate of either, till after final decree. (c) No notice is shown to have been brought home to any one creditor or distributee, interested in either estate. IV. The decision of the court of appeals is not such an authority of a local tribunal, on a local law, as compels the supreme court, irrespective of its own opinion, to hold Oliver's title better thai that of the complainants. For 1. The opinion does not declare the title of Oliver to be good, but really pronounces it invalid. It decides the claim to be so corrupt as to be utterly void, and that, therefore, it will not pass to an insolvent trustee. Rec. Williams v. 'Oliver, 807, 308. This is decisive, that Winchester never had any interest in the fund at.all; and, consequently, could assign none. The court then say, in consideration of the peculiar nature bf the contest between two trustees of the same party, hypothetically, if we are wrong in supposing the claim never vested, in that event, if it could vest, it was assignable; and, being so, it passed to Oliver by the first trustee's assignment But they expressly declare it did not vest in him at all; and merely add this subsidiary and hypothetical ground to show that the complainant, on his own hypothesis, had not the best title before the court. Rec. Williams v. Oliver, 82-84. The supreme court have so construed this opinion. Williams v. Oliver, 12 How. 111. If it be argued, 2. That the court, in the face of this opinion, awarded the fund to Oliver, we reply: -

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

245

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

(a.) The question now relating merely to matter of authbrity, such a decision, if it really were tenable on no other hypothesis than an affirmance of the validity of Winchester's assignment, would so contradict the opinion, as to destroy all weight of either as authority. It makes the court say one thing, and do
its diametrical opposite.
(b.) But the question is not what might have been, but in fact was not held, but what, in point of fact, was the opinion of the court about Oliver's title; nothing shows that they did
hold Oliver's title good. For,
They may have decreed Glenn and Perine to convey to Oliver, in the absence of a.better title, on their confession of a trust for them, and the language of the award, which, in the absence of any one else appearing to be concerned, declared
them trustees for Oliver's executors. It would seem demonstrable that, whatver may be thought
of its correctness, this was the only ground on which the court did, in fact, rest their decree.
For, if the court considered the question of title at all, they must be presumed to have confined themselves to those titles which alone appear on the pleadings.
Those titles are: -
1. The award and deed of trust and confession of Glenn and Perine, that they hold in trust for Oliver's executors, not for
Oliver. 2. The title of Oliver, under the assignment of Winchester,
first insolvent trustee.
3. The title of Williams, second insolvent trustee. The court, therefore, in making the decree, must have held, either
1. That the question lay between two insolvent trustees of the same man; and the fund being in the hands of trustees,
confessing . trust for that trustee who had the better right of the two, the court would not take it from a better, and give it to a worse title.
This court has countenanced this view, and it is consistefit with the opinion of the court of appeals.
2. That a title vested in Winchester, which passed to Oliver
by his assignment.
But this could be only on one of two gTounds -
(a.) That the AIexican claim was asignable in 1819, and Passed to Winchester, on the insolvency of Grooding and IVil-
Hams. But this they have expressly declared not to be the law. Or, They held that the treaty related back. and made valid what
211

246

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

before was invalid; and the treaty and act of 1841 together gave a good title.
But this is directly in contradiction with the very words of
their opinion. For, They turned Gill out of court, though he was assignee in
1817, prior to Oliver's assignment, on the express ground of the original turpitude of the transaction, which would have been absurd, if that original sin had been cured by relation. Therefore,
1. They did not pass on the absolute title of any one; but only awarded the fund to the party for whom the possessors confessed a trust, and the award itself showed a primd facie
claim. In neither aspect of the case has the act of 1841, ch. 309,
any thing to do with this point. (c.) Such an opinion is not such a declaration of settled local
law, as will relieve or preclude this court from giving its own
opinion fair play. It was only a decree by three, out of a court of six; and they
differed on the grounds of the decision. Rec. Williams v.
Oliver, 306-308; Craig v. Missouri, 4 Pet. 427; Carroll v. Carroll, 16 How. 275.
It has never been held, that the mere fact of a decision in a state court, on the same papers, binds the United States courts.
It is mere matter of authority; and that only when it relates to some state statute or usage, or real estate title, or peculiar local law. And, in all such cases, the authority depends entirely on the question actually passed on by the court, not what might have been, but in fact was not decided.
That is the exact difference between a decree operating to bind an interest, whether by technical estoppel or negligence to
appear on notice, and the operation of the opinion of the same court, in the same case, as an authority declaring the law of the State. It may be that the pleadings and'decree may estabLEh, between the parties, a result in which the court never contemplated affirming, hor considered as the law in general; for example, here the decree is binding on the trustee, whether the court be right or wrong in giving the fund to Oliver; but, for this suit, the very question is not what they did, but why -on
what principle, they did it ? (a.) If, in fact, the cout did affirm the validity of the assign-
ment. of Winchester, it is demonstrated that the decision was not on the local insolvent law, but one directly on the laws of the United States, and so peculiarly within the cognizance
of this court. For a decision affirming the validity of any assignment

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

247

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

impeaches that operation of the United States laws, -hich
annuls every contract in violation of them. Armstrong v. Toler, 11 Wheat. 258; Craig v. Missouri, 4 Pet. 410; Green v. Neal, 6 Ib. 297; Swift v. Tyson, 16 Ib. 1; Foxcroft v. Mollet, 4 How. 379; Nevins v. Scott, 13 Tb. 268; Trumbo 'v. Blizzard, 6 G. and
J. 23. V. There can arise no question of the effect of Winches-
ter's assignment as a contract, which, though not capable of
being enforced, may yet protect Oliver by estoppel. :For Williams's title is not as insolvent trustee, but as administra-
tor, and since the contract of Winchester, and for property never vesting in him.
No question of estoppel can exist. Fairtitle -v. Gilbert, 2 Term R. 171; Pen. Del. Md. Co. v. Dandridge, 8 G. and J. 248; 1 Atk. 354.
Neither does the original turpitude of the claim bar us; for We do not rest on the le.xican contract. Our tile, and our only tile, is the award. Our relation to the lexican Company is referred to merel" as matter of description. The award gave the funds to the members of that company, or those legally representing them. To insist on the original turpitude is to ammi the awird, and to impeach the right which it created. VI. The death of Gooding, in 1838Q, and Williams, in 1839, just before the treaty, does not oust-their title.
No treaty meant to colfihe a benefit thirty years old to the very persons originally claiming. Nearly all the company were dead. The personal representative stands in the place of the deceased; and the award is of a fund, in augmbntation of the estate.
There is no question of relation-; the administrator takes as of the date -of the treaty or award. It is like a partnership claim, awarded to one partner after the death of another, without administration. It enures to deceased's estate.
On this principle the court proceeded, when they resolved the abandonment of Stevenson's share, and confined the division to the other nine. Campbell v. -i-ullett, 2 Swanst. 5-51; Stevens v. Bagwvell, 15 Ves. 140; Murray v. East Jersey Co. 5 B. and
Ald. 204. VII. That the bar of limitation does not apply, in the
absence of a personal representative. Fishwick '. Sewell, 4 H. and J. 393; Angell's Lim. i7o, 184, 185; Has.lett v. Glenn, 7 H. and . 17; Ruff v. Bull, Id. 16; 2 Salk. 421 ; Murrdy v. East Jersey Co. 5 B. and Ald. 204.

Tile view which the counsel for the appellees took of th6 point in question was the following :

248

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

1. The decree of the Maryland court of appeals, in the distribution suit originating in Baltimore county court, adjudging Williams's share in the Mexican Company to Oliver's executors, is conclusive, as to their title, upon all persons, in all juris-
dictions. The bill in the distribution suit (Record in Goodwin's case,
18) prays: "That the funds growing out of the award may be properly distributed, under the direction and authority of the
court, among the persons entitled thereto, whether as cestuis que trust, under the indenture aforesaid, subscribing the same, or as otherwise interested, in the view of a court of equity, in the pro-
ceeds of said award." The answer of Glenn and Perine (Record in Goodwin's case,
28) says: That "they are willing and desirous that the proceeds of the -awards therein mentioned may be distributed am6ng the
parties entitled thereto." Of the character of this proceeding this colut has already
expressed its opinion, in 12 How. 122, where it declined to take jurisdiction of it It characterizes it as a suit far distribution dependent on the laws of Maryland, which involved and decided the right and title to the shares claimed in it under those laws.
It was not, then, a proceeding simply meant to distribute the fund in court among the parties bringing it in, or those they
represented; but a suit to ascertain who were really entitled to the money in court, and to give it to those whom the court, the custodiary of the fund, should find so entitled. It was, in other words, a proceeding in rem, and the final action of the court upon the res must be, and was meant to be, conclusive on all the world, as to notice, parties, title, and every thing else that was
adjudicated by it; the court in which the proceeding took place having undoubted jurisdiction over the subject-matter of it. Tongue v. Morton, 6 H. and J. 23; 2 Maryland IL 451;
2 How. 333; 3 Wheat. 246; 9 How. 348. The title of Oliver's executors to Williams's,share, which is
now denied, is the same title which the court of appeals affirmed; and it is impossible for this court to deny that title,
without, at the same time, affirming that the court of appeals of Maryland ought not, on the facts before it, to have decreed in favor of the executors. It is respectfully submitted, that no
other court can thus impeach the decree of the court of appeals of Maryland, which, with full jurisdiction in the premises, determined Oliver's executors to be the owners of Williams's share absolutely, and not as between them and any one else.
The distribution of the fund was a proceeding in rem, and the presence of parties was not necessary. We could not

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

249

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

compel administration to be taken out. Must the whole fund wait till they chose to administer? The other side must show that they were not guilty of laches. They only know the
reasons why they were not, and the bill sets forth no sufficient excuse. Although these parties may not have beeh before the court, yet their title was; because the executors of Oliver set forth the assignment to them by the trustee.

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court. This- is an appeal from a -decree of the circuit court of the
United States for the district of Maryland. The bill was filed in the court below to recover of the defend-
ants the proceeds of the share of James Williams, in what is called the Baltimore Company, which had a claini against the Mexican government, that was allowed under the convention of 1839. The claim was similar to th6 one under consideration
in the case of the administrator of Lyde Goodwin against these defendants, just disposed of. The proceeds of the shaie, as charged, amount to $41,306.41.
The main grounds of defence set up in this case are 1. The sale of this share in the company to Robert Oliver, for a valuable consideration, by George Winchester, permanent trustee of Williams, -who had taken the benefit of the insolvent act of Maryland, in 1819, which was made in pursuance of an order of the court having jurisdiction in cases of insolvency
under that act. The sale took place on the 2d April, 1825. 2. A decree of the court of appeals in Maryland, at the June
term, 1849, affirming a decree of the Baltimore county court, which, in the distribution of the fund arising from this claim of the Baltimore Company, assigned the proceeds of the share in question to the executors of Oliver.
If the appellees fail to maintain their title to this fund, upon one or the other of these grounds, then the right to the share of Williams in the Baltimore Company, for aught that appears,
still belonged to him at the time of his decease, in 1836, and passed to his legal representatives as a part of his estate; and although originally of no legal value, on account of the illegality of the transaction out of which the contract arose, yet, as the illegality has been waived and the money realized, we have seen, from the principles stated in the previous case of Lyde Goodwin, it belongs to Williams's administrator.
As it respects the first grund-the sale of the share of Williams, by the provisional trustee, to Robert Oliver, under the insolvent act- we have seen, in the case of Lyde Goodwin, the court of appeals of Maryland held, that this contract of the
Baltimore Company with General M1ina, being in violation of

250

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

the neutrality act of the United States, of 1794, was so tainted with turpitude and illegality, it could not be recognized under their insolvent laws as property; and that no right to or interest in the share passed to the trustee. And, that this being the
construction of the statute by the highest cqurt of the state, and which had a right to interpret its own laws, this court felt bound by it, without inquiring whether that interpretation was correct or, not; and, consequently, as Goodwin's interest in the share did not pass to the insolvent trustee, it remained in Goodwin himself, and passed to the executors of Oliver, by virtue of his assignment to their testator, in 1829.
In this case the executors of Oliver are obliged to make title to the share in'question, under the insolvent trustee of Williams ; the assignment to Oliver, their testator, having been made by the trustee, and not by Williams himself. And it is now insisted on behalf of the exhcutors, that the court of appeals of Maryland in this case reversed their opinion delivered in the case of Goodwin, and held that the interest in the share did pass under the insolvent laws to the trustee, and consequently that the proceeds of the share vested in them under his sale and assignment to
their testator in 1825.
Had this been the decision of the court of appeals in the case
o,f the share of Lyde Goodtviri, the interest and proceeds would have passed to Gill, the permanent trustee, instead of to the executors of Oliver.
These-re§ults, so contradictory and inconsistent, claimed too as
flowing from the judgments of the highest court in a State, should not be admitted unless compelled, after the most careful and deliberate coisideration.
The decision in both cases was made at the same term, June, 1849; the one in the present case subsequent to that in the case of Goodwin. The court in their opinion state, that the grounds upon which they affirmed the judgment in this- case
were, first, for the reasons assigned by them for their decree in the previous case of Oliver's executors against Gill, permanent trustee of Goodwin.
The grounds for that decree are stated in the record, and as far as material are as follows: " They are of opinion that the entire contract (the Mina contract) upon which the claim of the appellee (Gill, the trustee,) is founded, is so fraught with illegality and turpitude as to be utterly null and void; conferring no rights or obligations upon any of the contracting parties, which can be sustained or countenanced by any court of law or equity in this State; that it has no moral obligation to support it, and that, therefore, under the insolvent laws of Maryland, such claim does npt pass to or vest in the trustee of an insolvent

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

251

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

-

petitioner. It forms no part of his property or estate, within the

meaning of the legislative enactments constituting our insolvent

laws."

N~thing can be more explicit or decisive against the.title of

the insolvent trustee, or of those setting up a claim"under him,

to a share in this Baltimore Company. The court say: " It has

no legal or moral obligation to support it, and that, therefore,

under the insolvent laws of Maryland, such a claim does not

pass to or vest in the trustee of arinsolvent petitioner. It forms

no part of his property or estate, 'ithtihne meaning of the

legislative enactments constituting our insolvent system." And this opinion is reaffirmed, ipssimis verbis, in giving the judg-

manedntwiathglawinhsitchthweetruarseteenowof dWeaillilniagm; sa,ntdheuyietbeitfoirse

the court, gravelymi-

sinisttehde tchaaste noof sGuocohddweicni;iobnutw, aosn mthaedceoinntrtahryis, ctahsee caosuwrtadsecmidaedde that the. interest in the.share of Williams did pass under the insolvent laws to the trustee; that he becam thereby invested with the title, and was competent to transfer it-to Robert Oliver,
the testator of the defendants. The supposed contradiction and inconsistency of the deter-
mination of the court is founded upon the second paragraph in the opinion delivered. It is as folliws: 2. "Because, under the proceedings based on or originating from the insolvent peti-

taisosnesmbolfy JafophpnlicGaboloedtihnegretaon,dRJoabmerets OWlivilelriaamcsq,uiarnedd athvealiadcttitolfe to all the interest of said James Williams and ohn Gooding in the fund in controversy, for the reasons assigned by Judge Martin
as the basis of his opinion in those cases." hudge naroin had dissentedfrom the opinion of the majority
of the court, in the case of Lyde Goodwin, being of opinion that the interesGin his share passed under the insolvent laws to the trustee; and had maintained the samc opinion in respect to
thsehare of Wailliams, in the case then before the court. And it is supposed that this opinion was adopsed by the other mem-
bers, in.the determination of the case. Jue do not agree' that this is a proper apprehension of the
judgment given by the two members of the court; but, on the contrary, are satisfied that the opinion delivered may well war-

rant a more The true

nmateuarnahliganwdilclonbesisatepnptarinentetr,pwreetattihoinn.k,

from

the fol-

lowing explanation. Robert Oliver, as we have seen, had purchased the share of Williams of the insolvent trustee, in 1.A5, and, consequently, if the interest in his share passed under the insolvent laws to the trustee, it had become vested in "Over
and of course, on his death, in the executors.

252

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

The question before the court was between the insolvent trustee and the executors. The court, after reaffirming their opinion in the case of Lyde Goodwin, namely, that no interest
in the share passed to the trustee under the insolvent laws, and therefore that he was disabled from making out a title to it, go onl in substance to say, that if in error as to this, and the opinion of Judge Martin should be adopted, namely, that the interest did pass to the trustee, it could make no difference in the result, inasmuch as the executors of Oliver would then be entitled to the proceeds, under his purchase of the share from the trustee himself, in 1825. Therefore, viewing the case in either aspect,
qizacunque via data,the insolvent trustee had failed in establishing any interest in the fund.
It appears to us that this is obviously the meaning intended to be expressed, though we admit the terms used in the expression of it furnish some plausibility for the criticisms to which it has been subjected. The two opinions, the one in the case of Goodwin, and the otter in the case of Williams, were given at tile same term, and upon the same question; and, if the interpretation of the defendants is right, are diametrically opposite to each other ; and not only so, as the first opinion is incorporated in the second, the judgment rendered in the case of Williams ig founded upon two opposite constructions of the same statute,
in one and the same opinion. We prefer the explanation we have given to this extraordinary
and absurd conclusion, as it respects the proceedings of a respectable court, and one possessing the highest jurisdiction in
the State. The change of opinion upon a question of law, or in the con-
struction of a statute, is no disparagement to a judge, or a court, however eminent or experienced. The change is oftentimes a matter of commendation, rather than of reproach. But the case here presented, and upon which we are asked to turn the decision of the question, is, that two opposite constructions of a statute have been given by the court in the same cause, leading necessarily to opposite results, andboth relied on as grounds for the judgment rendered. We have already -assigned our reasons for disbelief in any such conclusion, and shall not again
refer to them. It has been suggested that the statute of Maryland, of 1841,
confirming certain defective proceedings in insolvent cases, operated to confirm the sale of the trustee to Oliver, in 1825, and that the opinion of the court of appeals in the case of Williams
is founded upon this statute. Winchester, the permanent trustee
at the time of the sale, had not given a bond, with surety, for the faithful. execution of his duty, as required by the law; and,

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

253

Williams v. Gibbes etal.'

under the decisions of the courts of Maryland, this omission

dLsabled him from dealing with the estate of the insolvent.

The act of 1841 was passed to remedy defects of this descrip-

tion. It provided that all sales and transfers of property and

claims, theretofore made by any permanent trustee, &c., under

the insolvent laws of the State, shall be valid and effectual, not-

withstanding such trustee shall not have given a bond with

security, &c.; and the 3d section provides that the act shall not

be so construed as to cure any other defect in the proceedings

than the failure to give a bond, with security, or the Want of

any ratification by the court of any sale made by such trustee..

It is quite apparent from the provisions of the act, that it was

not designed to confirm all sales previously made by the trustee

under the insolvent laws, azid render them valid and effectual,

but simply to confirm, so far as respected any defect arising out

of the omission of the trustee to give the proper security, and

also as respected any' omission on the part of the court to con-

firm the sale. These two defects in any previous proceedings

were cured by the statute, but in all other respects the proceed-

ings were valid, or otherwise independently of it It is impos-

sible to maintain that the statute looked to any such informality

in the title of the trustee, as that held by the court of appeals in

the case of Lyde Goodwin, as well as in the present one. And,

besides, it is inconceivable why the court should have reaffirmed

their opinion in the case of Goodwin, as a ground for denying

the title to the trustee, if they had -intended to hold that it

passed by forcL -f the acifof 1841" We have nobelief that such

was the opinion intended to be expressed.

The decree of the court affirming the judgment of the court

below has been referred to as favoring the. view of the decision

contended for by the appellees. This decree adjudges and de-

crees, that the judgment below awarding the,,share of Williams

to the executors of Oliver be affirmed, and that Glenn and

Perine, the general trustees of the fund, pay the proceeds of the

share to the said executors.

It will be remembered that the only question before the court

r~spectng this share was between the executors on the .one side,

and the insolvent tr istge of Williams on the other; and as the

executors were the apparent owners of the fund, unless a title

could be maintained by the trustee, so far as respected the

pa ties before the court, the former exhibited the better ttle;

at least, the better title to take the possession and charge of the

fund in the. distribution among the claimants. The form of the

decree, therefore, was very much a matter of course, in the aspecet

of the case as then presented.

This view will be more fully appreciated when we refer, to

VOL. XVII.

22

254,

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

a~other branch of this case, presently to be considered. We -will simply add, in our conclusion upon this part of the case, that the opinion now expressed was the one entertained by us when the case involving this share of Williams was formerly before the court, and which will be found in 12 How. 111, 12.
On page 123 we observed "the counsel for the plaintiff in error sought to distinguish this case from the previous one, the case of Lyde Goodwin, and to maintain the jurisdiction of the court, upon the ground that the act of the legislature of Maryland of 1841, confirming the authority of Winchester, the permanent trustee, was in contravention of a provision of the constitution
of the United States, as "a law impairing the obligation of contracts."
But we observed in answer, " admitting this to be so, which we do not, still, the admission would not affect the result; for
the decision of the court of appeals upon a previous branch of the case denied to the plaintiff any right to or interest in the fund in question, as claimed under the insolvent proceedings as permanent trustee, and hence he was deemed disabled from maintaining any action founded upon that claim.
'It was of no importance, therefore, as it respected the plaintiff, in the distribution of the fund, whether it was rightfully or
wrongfully awarded to Oliver's executors. He had no longer any interest in the question."
Our conclusion, therefore, upon this part of the case is, that according to the law of Maryland, as expounded by .the hignest court of the State, no title to or interest in the share of Williams in the contract of the Baltimore Company, under General Mina, passed under the insolvent laws of that State to the insolvent trustee; and, consequently, no interest in the same became vested in the executors of Robert Oliver, by force of the assignment from the trustee to him in 1825.
2. The next question is as to the conclusiveness of the decree
of the Baltimore county court, making a distribution of the fund among the several claimants, and which was affirmed by the court of appeals, upon the rights of the administrator of Williams to the proceeds of his share in the fund. The decree in the Baltimore county court was rendered in December, 1846, and affirmed June term, 1849.
Williams died in 1836, and no letters of administration were taken out upon the estate till 1852. It appears, therefore, that Williams had been dead ten years when the first decree was
made, and thirteen at the date of the second; and no representative was in existence to whom notice of the proceedings could affect in any way the interest of the estate in the fund.
Now, the principle is well settled, in respect to these proceed

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

255

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

ings in chancery for the distribution of a common fund 'among
the several parties interested, either on the application of the trustee of the fund, the executor or administrator, legatee, or
nekt of kin, or on the application of any party in interest, that an absent party, who had no notice of the proceedings , and not guilty of wilful laches or unreasonable neglect, will not be concluded by the decree of distribution from the assertion of his right by bill or petition against the trustee, executor, or administrator; or, in case they have distributed the fund in pursuance of an order of the court, against the distributees. David
v. Frowd, 1 Miln. and Keen, 200; Greig v. Somerville, 1 Russ. and MVL 33S; Gillespie v. Alexander, 3 Russ. 130; Sawyer v.
Bichmore, 1 Keen, 391; Shine v. Gough, 1 Ball. and B. 436;' Finley v. Bank of the United States, 11'Wheat. 304; Story's
Eq., Pl. § 106, Wiswall v. Sampson, 14 How. 52, 67. The general principle governing courts of equity, in proceed-
ings of this description, is more clearly stated by Sir John Leach,
master of the rolls, in David v. Frowd, above referred to, than in any other case that has come under our notice.
That was a case where one of the next of kin, who had no notice of the administration suit, filed d bill against the admiristratrix and distributees to obtain her share of the estate. The bill was filed some two years after the decree for distribution had been made and carried into effect.
The master of the rolls observed, that "the personal property
of an intestate is first to be applied. in payment of his debts, and then distributed among his next of kin. The person who takes out adninistratidn to his estate, in most cases, cannot know-who are his' creditors, and may not know who are -his next of kin; and the administration of his estate may be ex.? posed to great delay and embarrassment. A court of equity exercises a most wholesome jurisdiction for 'the prevention of
this delay and embarrassment, and for the assistance and protection of the administrator. Upon the application of any person claiming to be interested, the court refers it to the master, to inquire who are creditors, and who are next of kin, and for'that purpose to cause advertisements to be published in the quarters where creditors and next of kin are most likely to be found, calling upon such creditors and next of kin to come
in, and make their claims before the master, within a reasonable time stated; and when that time is'expired, it is considered that the be,; possible means having been taken to ascertdin the parties really entitled, the administrator may reasonably proceed to distribute the estate among those who have, before the master, established an apparent title. Such proceedings having been taken,,the court will protect the administrator against any future claim."

SUPREME COURT.
Williams v. Gibbes et al.
"But itis obvious," he remarks, "that the notice given by advertisements may, and must in many cases, not reach the parties really entitled. They may be abroad, and in a different part of the kingdom from that where the advertisements are published, or, from a multitude of circumstances, they may not see or hear of the advertisements, and it would be the height of injustice that the proceedings of the court, wisely adopted with a view to general convenience, should have the absolute effect of conclusively transferring the property of the true owners to one who has no right to it."
The master of the rolls further observed. "that if a creditor does not happen to discover the proceedings in the court, until after the distribution has been actually made, by the order of the court, amongst the parties having, by the master's report, an apparent title,-although the court will protect the administrator, who has acted under the orders of the court- yet, upon a bill filed by this creditor against the parties to whom the property has been distributed, .the court will, upon proof of no wilful default on the part of such creditor, and no want of reasonable diligence on his part, compel the parties, defendants, to restore to the creditor that which of right belongs to him." The master of the rolls then applied this principle to the right of the next of kin, the complainant in the bill, and observed, "that it had been argued that the case is extremely hard upon the party who is to refund, for that he has a full right to consider the money as his own, and may have spent it; and that it would be against the policy of the law to recall the money, which the party had obtained by the effect of a judgment upon a litigated title. But, he observed, there is here no judgment upon a litigated title; the party who now claims by a paramount title was absent from the court, and all that is adjudged is, that, upon -an inquiry, in its nature imperfect, parties are found to have a primd facie claim, subject to be defeated upon better information. The apparent title, under the master's report, is, in its nature, defeasible. A party claiming under such circumstances, has no great reason to complain that he is called upon to replace what he has received against his
right." In the case of Gillespie v. Alexander, also above referred to,
Lord Eldon observed, that, although the language of the decree, where an account of debts is directed, is, that those, who do not come in, shall be excluded from the benefit of it; yet the course is to permit a creditor, he paying costs, to prove his debt, as long as their happens to be a residuary fund in court, or in the hands of the executor, and to pay him out of the residue. If the creditor does not come till after the executor

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

257

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

has paid away the residue, he is not without remedy, though he is barred the benefit of that decree. If he has a mind to sue the legatees, and bring back the fund, he may do so, but he cannot affect the legatees, except by suit, and he cannot affect the executor at all.
These principles are decisive of this branch of the case, as
they establish, beyond all controversy, the right of the administrator to assert the title of Williams, the intestate, to the pro-
ceeds of the share in question, notwithstanding the decree of distribution by the Baltimore county court. There has been
no laches, on his part, or, on the part of those whom he
represents.
The cases above referred to relate to the rights of creditors, and ziext of kin; but the principle is equally applicable to all
parties interested in a common fund brought. into a court of equity for distribution amongst the several claimants.
It is worthy of observation in this connection that the decree,
however conclusive in its terms, in the distribution of the fund amongst the apparent owners then before the court, possesses no binding effect upon the rights of the absent party, whose interests have not been represented on the subject bf litigation.
The opinion of the court given, and decree in pursuance thereof, applies only to interests of those amongst whom the
fund is distributed.
These observations ftirnish an answer to the argument on behalf of the appellees, drawn from a reference to the terms of the decree of the court of appeals of Maryland, in tjhis case, by
which the fund is adjudged to the executors of Oliver. As between all the parties then before the court, this adjudication was doubtless proper, and conclusive upon their rights.
It is agreed in the case, that but five eighths of the fund in
controversy is in the hands of the executors, the residue having been paid over in the administration of the assets of the estate.
If this portion had been paid over by the executors in pur-
suance of an order of the court in an administration suit, the defendants would be protected to that extent, and the complainant compelled to proceed against the distributees. But no
such fact appears in the case. Without saying, at this time, that an executor, in all cases,
may be compelled to account to a . party making title to a-,
portion of the estate, after distribution, among the legatees and next of kin, unless first procuring an order of the court having
charge of the administration, we -perceive no reason, under the circtimstances of this case, for exonerating them, or turning him
round to a bill against the distributees. Upon the whole, after the fullest consideration we haye been

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

able to give to this case, we think the decree of the court below was erroneous, and should be reversed.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY, Mr. Justice McLEAN, and Mr. Justice DANIEL dissented.

John S. Williams, administrator of James Williams, dec'd appellant,

Robert M. Gibbes and Chas. Oliver, 1 ex'ors of Robert Oliver, deceased. 3Appeals from the circuit

And

court of the United States

for the district of Mary-

John Gooding, Junior, administrator land.

de bonis nm of John Gooding,

deceased, appellant,

Robert M. Gibbes and Chas. Oliver, ex'ors of Robert Oliver, deceased.

Mr. Chief Justice TANEY dissenting. I dissent from the opinion in these two cases; but they are so intimately connected with the case against Lyde Goodwin's administrator, just decided, that I shall be better understood by
considering the three together. When the case of Gill (who was trustee of Goodwin under
the insolvent Iaws of Maryland) against Oliver's executors was before the court, I did not concur in the judgment then given, as will be seen by the report of the case in 1 Howard's
Reports, 529. It appeared to me unnecessary t that time -to do more than simply express my dissent; but the course which these cases have since taken, and the decisions now given, iaake it my duty to state more fully my own opinion, and the grounds
upon which I passed the decrees that are now before the court The history of the controversy is this: Goodwin, Gooding,
and Williams, were members of the Baltimore Mexican Company, which made the contract with Mina, in 1816. The character of that contract is fully stated in the eleventh and twelfth volumes of Howard's Reports, and also the manner in which it
came before the commissioners under, the treaty with Mexico, and their award upon it.
The commissioners awarded the sum menti6ned in their award to the Mexican Company of Baltimore, as due "for arms, vessels, munitions of war, goods,-and money furnished by the company to General Mina for the service of Mexico in the years 1816 and 1817," and gave interest to the company according to

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

259

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

the stipulation in the contract -with Mina. I have given the words of the award, because they show that the commissioners affirmed the validity of this contract,.and directed the -amount due by its terms, to be paid to the trustees therein named, for the benefit of the parties interested in it.
Proceedings were soon after instituted in a Maryland court
of equity, against the trustees by persons claiming an interest
in the fund; and the money by order of the court was brought into court to be distributed among the parties entitled. Many claimants appeared, presenting conflicting claims for shares in
the company. Goodwin, Gooding, and Williams, all became insolvent.
Goodwin in 1817, Gooding and Williams in 1819; auid their respective trustees appeared in the Maryland court, and claimed the amount due to the insolvent.
On the other hand, the executors of Oliver claimed these three
shares. Goodwin's under an assignment made to Oliver by Goodwin in 1829, and the other two under assignments made to him in 1825, by George Winchester, who was the trustee of each of them.
The controversies which arose upon the distribution of. this fund were removed to the Maryland court of appeals, which is
the highest court of the State. And in the trial there, it was objected that the contract with Mina was in violation of law, and therefore fraudulent and void, and vested no rights in the meembers of the company which the. law would recognize, and
consequently that no right of property in it could vest in the trustee when the party became insolvent.
It may be proper to remark, that under the Maryland insolvent law, all the property, rights, and credits belonging to the insolvent .t the time of his petition, become vested in his trustee: and he at the same time executes a deed to the trustee, conveying and assigning to him all his property, rights, and credits of
every description for the benefit of his creditors. And if the persons above-named, at the times of their petitions in 1817 and 1819, had aily interest whatever, eitner legal or equitable, vested or contingent, under this Mexican contract, it passed to their
trustees. The coart of appeals decided that the contract with Mina
was fraudulent and void under our neutrality laws, and therefore vested no right in the parties which a court of justice in this
country could recognize, and, consequently, that they had no
interest or property under it which could be transferred to or vest in their trustees at the time of their insolvency. And upon
this ground they decided against the clim of the trustees, and directed the whole amount of the tlree shares to be paid to Oliver's executors.

260

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

The ground upon which they supported the claim of Oliver's executors to these shares is not stated fully in the opinion. It
was, I presume, upon the ground that, by the terms of the award, the shares of these three persons were received by the trustees named in the award, in trust for these executors; and that the trustees, therefore, had no right to withhold it from them; as neither they nor their testator had any participation in the fraudulent contract out of which it had arisen. And if the court was right in deciding, that neithe" the trustee of the insolvent nor any one else could derive a title to this money uftder the contract with Mina, perhaps the language of the award, together with the documents referred to in it, might justify this decision. But I express no opinion on this point, and merely suggest it in justice to the court of appeals, in order to show that their opinions in these cases are not necessarily inconsistent with each other, although the court may have reasoned erroneously, and decided incorrectly.
These decisions were brought to this court by the trustees of the insolvents, by writs of error under the 25th section of the act of 1789. Motions were made in each of them to dismiss for want of jurisdiction; and the motions were sustained by the majority of the couit, and the cases dismissed, as will appear in the reports referred to.
I differed in opinion from the court; but undoubtedly, when the cases came before me at circuit, upon bills filed by the administrators, it was my duty to conform in the inferior court to the decision of the superior, as far as that decision applied to the case presented by these complainants. It is true, that in my own opinion, and according to the views of. the subject I had always entertained, these bills, by the administrators of the insolvents, could not be maintained. But I dismissed them, not only upon that ground, but also under the impression that I was bound to do so upon the principles upon which this court had decided them in the suits by the trustees. It appears, however, by the opinion just delivered, that I was mistaken, and placed an erroneous construction on the opinions formerly delivered.
It seems, therefore, to be due to myself to state not only my opinion in the former cases, but also the interpretation I placed upon the language of this court in deciding them. And I think it will be found that the language of the former decisions was fairly, susceptible of the construction I put upon it, although that construction has turned out to be erroneous. I do not mean to say that the construction which the majority of the court puts upon its former decisions now, is not the true one; but
that the language used in it might lead even a careful inquirer to a contrary conclusion.

DECEMBER TERM, .1854.

261

Williams v. "Gibbes et al.

I proceed, in the first place, to speak of the case of Gill, frustee of Lyde Goodwin. As I have already said, when that case was before this court, I thought, and still think, we had jurisdiction; and proceed now to state the grounds of that opinion, and how it bore on the decision of the suit by his administrator, which is now before us.
The money in dispute was claimed under the contract -ith Mlina. And the amount claimed was awarded to the 'Mexican Company, or their legal representatives or assigns, by the commissioners appointed under the Mexican treaty, and the act of congress passed to carry it into execution. The commissioners
were authorized to ascertain and .determine upon the validity of the claims of American citizens upon the Mexican govern. ment, and for which this government had demanded reparation.
Of course, it was their duty not to allow any claim for services
rendered to Mexico, or moiley advanced for its use, by American citizens in violation of their duty to their own country, or in
disobedience to its laws. For the government would have been unmindful of its own duty to the United States, if it had used its power and influence td enforce a claim of that description,
of had sanctioned it by treaty. But the board of comniissioners were necessaffly the judges of the lawfulness of the contracts,
and the validity of the claims presented. They were necessarily to determine whether they were of the description provided for
in the treaty or not. They may have committed errors of judgment in this respect, and may ha.ve committed an error of judgment in sanctioning the contract with MIina. But the law
under which they acted made them the exclusive judges on" tie subject. There was no appeal from their decision. And if there was no mal-practice on the part of- the commissiones, and the
award was not obtained by fraud aid misrepresentation, it was final and conclusive. It. was like the judgment of any other tribunal ha-fing jurisdiction of the subject-nmatter, and could not
be reexamiiied and impeached for error of judgment in any other court which had no appellate power over it. And they decided that fie contract of ilina was valid, and consequently it vested from its date a lawful right to the money iil the membei. of the Mexican Company.
The objection, therefore, in the Maryland court, brought into question the validity of an-authority exercised ilnder tle United
States; and as the decision of the state court was against its validity, it was my opinion that a writ of error did lie unader the 25th section of the act of 1789. And regarding the award as
final and conclusive upon other tribunals, there was error in the judgment of the state court which pronounced it invalid and fraudulent. It will be observed that this errorwas the founda-

262

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

tion of the judgment of the state court. For if the court did
not look behind the award, and had regarded the contract as valid, the right to Goodwin's interest undoubtedly passed to his trustee in 1817, long before his assignment to Oliver. I therefore thought this court had jurisdiction, and that the judgment
of the court of appeals ought to be reversed, and this money paid to the trustee, and not to Oliver's executors.
The majority of the court, however, entertained a different opinion, and dismissed the cases, upon the ground, as I understand the opinion, that the construction of the treaty, or of the act of congress, or the validity of the authority exercised under them, did not appear to have been drawn into question in the
court of appeals; and that the case appeared to have been decided upon the effect and operation of their own insolvent law, and upon their own laws regulating contracts and transfers of property and credits within the State, over which we had no jurisdiction upon the writ of error; that these matters were exclusively for the decision of the state tribunals, and their decision
final upon the subject. Some remarks are made in the opinion in relation to grounds
upon which the state court might have decided without impeaching the award of the commissioners; and among others, the fact that Goodwin had assigned his right to Oliver in 1829, and that the Mexican congress had previously, in 1825, acknowledged its validity. There is an error in the date, but it is immaterial. The acts of the Mexican congress were in 1823 and 1824.
But I did not understand these remarks as intended to affirn that the share of Goodwin passed to Oliver by this assig~ment, but as suggesting grounds upon which the state court might, whether erroneously or not, have decided in favor of the executors. Because, 9s the court held that it had no jurisdiction in the case, I supposed that it intended to give no opinion upon the merits. And I presumed that it did not intend to decide that the acknowledgment of- Mexico, that Mina's contract was binding upon the republic, could give any validity to it in the courts of the United States. For the contract of the Baltimore Company would have been liable to the same objections if it had been made originally, in 1816, with the Mexican government instead of General .Mina. And if it was void in 1817, and Goodwin then had no interest under it it was equally void in 1829, when the assignment to Oliver was made; and it is due to the court of appeals to say, that they have not indicated, in any of their opinions, that the acts of the Mexican cohgress had any influence oh their judgments.
Upon these considerations I dismissed the bill at circuit, upon

DECEIM[BER TERM, 1854.

263

Williams .v. Gibbes et al.

two grounds: 1. My own opinion is, that the interest of Goodwin passed-to his trustee, and consequently that the present complainant (his administrator) can have no title. 2. This court decided, upon a view of the whole case, that it had no appellate power over this judgment, and that it had been decided by the Maryland court upon its own construction of- is own. laws. And that point being adjudged by this court, I did not see upon what ground I could, in conformity to this opinion, revise the judgment of the state court and reverse its decision. It would, in substance, have been the exercise of an appellate power at circuit over the decisions of the state courts, upon their own laws, which this court had refused to exercise oh wr-it
of error; and, for the reason first above-stated; I now concur in affirming the judgment here in the case of Goodwin's adminis-
trator.
I come now to the cases of the administrators of Gooding and Williams, which are, in many respects, alike. These writs were iso disrissed for want of jurishdiction, when formerly before the court; and in dismissing them, the court said that the. title of the trustees to -the shares- of Gooding and Williams, ccinvolted only a question of state law, and therefore was not the subject of revision here, and was conclusive of his rights, and decisive of the case." I quote the language of the court.
The want of jurisdiction was, therefore, the only point decided in these cases, and they were dismissed on that ground
It is true that in these cases, as well as in that of Goodwin's trustee, language is used, in the opinion of the court, which would seem to -imply that the court was of opinion that the contract was void originally, but had afterwards become valid by the events referred to in the opinion. But I understood these observations, as I did those made il Goodwin's case, merely as suggesting considerations which might have led to the decision of the state court, without impeaching the award of the commissi ners, but not as approving or sanctioning them as suffi-
cient grcunds for their decree. For the court determined that it had no jurisdiction, and consequently the merits of the case were not before it, and I presumed it did not mean to express any opinion concernhig the correctness or incorrectness of fhe. judgment of the state court. Such I have understood to be
the established practice bf this conrt, and I was not aware that this 'case "%;as intended 'o be an exception. The only p dint decided was the conclusiveness of the judgment of the st4te court upon the rights of the trustees.
The court of appeals assigned two reasons for their decision, and taldng them literally, as they stand, they are inconsistent with each other. But the opinion appears to have been haetily

SUPREME COURT.
Williams v. Gibbes et al.
written, and not sufficiently guarded in its words; and it is evident they meant to say, that, in the opinion of the court, no interest vested in the trustee, because there was no legal or equitable interest acquired by the contract that could vest anywhere, or in any person. But, if there was a legal interest, it passed to his trustee, and by his assignment vested in Oliver. This mode of decision upon alternative grounds, is an ordinary and familiar one in courts of justice, and will often be found in the decisions of this court.
And however the reasoning of the state court may be regarded, it is clear that, with the interest of the intestate before them and under consideration, they decreed that the shares belonged to Oliver's executors. Now it it is perfectly immaterial whether the reasons assigned by the court were right or wrong. Here is their judgment, their decree-a decree founded altogether on state laws, as this court have said in their former decisions, and made by a court of competent jurisdiction. Upon what principle, then, can a court of the United States, either it circuit or her ,-undertake to revise it or reverse it for error? If we had no appellate power upon the writ of error, and no right to reverse the judgment for errors supposed to be committed by the state court in interpreting and administering its own laws, how can this court or the circuit court exercise this revising power over the judgment in the form it now comes before us. It is doing in another way what it is admitted cannot be done in the prescribed mode of proceeding by writ of error. And I am not aware of any precedent for this exercise of power in a court of the United States administering state laws, when the judgment of the highest court of the State is before them upon the. same case upon which the United States court is called on to decide.
It will be remembered that the appellate and revising power of the courts of the United States over the judgments of state courts stands upon very different principles from those which, in England, govern the relation of superior and inferior tribunals, andthev are not, therefore, always safe guides upon the revising and reversing power which the courts of the United States may constitutionally exercise over the judgments of state courts.
I know it is said that the administrators of these insolvents who have filed these bills were not parties to the former proceedings, and are not therefore estopped'by the decree of the court of appeals And a good deal of argument has been offered to maintain that proposition; but that question cannot arise until other questions which stand before it and control it are first disposed of. For this court held, upon the former writs of error, that these cases were decided by the court of appeals exclusively
upon Maryland law; and, if that be the case, before we come

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

265

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

to the question of parties, other questions must be decided:

1. Whether in this form of proceeding you can examine into

the validity of the grounds upon which the state court decided

them, and reverse its judgment if you suppose it committed

an error in interpreting and administering its ownt laws; and,

if you are authorized to do -this, then, 2. Did it commit an

error in deciding that.those shares belonged to Oliver's execu-

tdrs ? The reasons the.y may have given for this opinion are

altogether immaterial; and if these two questions are decided

in the -affirmative, and this court reverses the judgment, upon

the ground that the shares belonged to the insolvents at the

times of their death, and not to Oliver's executors, thea the

administrators would undoubtedly have an interest, and are not

estopped by the former decree from claiming their rights. No-

body, I presume, disputes this. But, before you come to this

part of the case, you must take jurisdiction over the judgment

of the state court, and reverse it for error. Because, if that

judgment stands, then the intestates had nothing at the, times

of their death that could pass to the administrators; and there

would have been no more propriety in making them parties,

than any other stranger who had no interest in the fund. The

administrator of a vendor who has in his lifetime divested him-

self of. all right to property, can haTdly be supposed to be a

siecessary party in a controversy between purchasers under him

when neither of the claimants has a right to fall back for in-

demnity on his estate. The administrators offer no new evidence

of interest in them or their intestates, but present here the iden-

tical case, in all its parts, that was before the court of appeals

when it passed its decree.

Indeed, I cannot comprehend now the state court, or this court,

can award the fund to the administrators, if the contract was

fraudulent and void when the parties became insolvent. They

both died before the award was made ; but if,up to that time, the

contract continued open to examination in a courtof justice, and

was decided to have been fraudulent and a nullity when made,

nothing afterwards could have given it legal existence. .ilihum

ex nihilo oriaturis as true in law as in philosophy. If void at

first, it continued to be void ind a nullity to the tifne of the deaths

of the parties, and their administrators could derive no lawful

title from them. To say that a legal or equitable interest in a.

fraudulent contract can exist in a party and be transmitted to

his administrator, when used as legal language, is a solecism.

And if from necessity, upon any principle of law or equity,

the award related back, it would seem that those who purchased

the interest in these shares, at their full market value at the time,

and paid for it, should have the benefit of-the.relations.

VOL, XVII,

23

266

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

It may be said, perhaps, that although the acts of congress of Mexico, in 1823 and 1824, could not make valid a contract originally void and a nullity by our laws, yet these acts of the Mexican legislature constituted a new and original contract which at that time might lawfully be made by our citizens, and that the rights of the parties take date from that contract. But this view of the case would not obviate .the legal objections, but on the contrary it would add to them. For it still assumes the principle that the state court had a right to examine into the
testimony, not only to determine the rights of the parties under the award, but to impeach the award itself. And upon this theory, if they had not found these acts of the Mexican congress in the proceedings of the commissioners, the state court might have held the whole award erroneous and a nullity, vesting no rights in any one, because it sanctioned an illegal contract. As I have already said, a state court, in my judgment, has no such power.
The commissioners do not refer to the Mexican acts of congress, nor allow the claims of the company upon a contract
made by these laws. They award expressly upon the contract with lina, and give interest according to that contract. And
unless their award may he impeached for error, and their decision upon the claim reexamined and reversed in the state court, the rights of all the claimants depend upon this contract, and take date from it. According to the award of the commissioners, it is this contract that gave the claimants rights, and which must consequently govern the court in distributing the fund.
It seems to be supposed that the decision of the court of ap. peals declaring this contract to be fraudulent and void was
founded upon some local law of the State. But that is evidently a mistake. It was founded on the breach of the neutrality laws of the United States. They looked behind the award of the commissioners, behind an authority exercised under the United
States, and impeached -its validity. Besides, no other contract but this was under examination
in the state court. The court speak of no other in their opinion. The parties, as appear by the proceedings, all claimed under it, and the decisions of the court and the distribution of the fund were founded upon it. Can another and a subsequent contract be set up here, upon which the state court has passed no judg'ment, and has not acted, and under which none of the parties before it claimed ? I-think not. And if their decision is to be set aside for error, it must, I presume, be for error in deciding upon the contract brought before them by the parties. And if
this court now reverse these decrees upon the ground that the original contract with Mina was void, but became valid by sub-

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

267 .

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

sequeit events, it reverses upon a new case, upon whidi the

state court has never decided. Moreover, it unsettles the whdle

proceedings in the state court, for the interest of the claimants,

in almost every instance, depended upon the time that a lawfA

right to this claim vested in the company.

And, if, notwithstanding these objections, this court may look

into-the judgment and reverse it for error, and ,they find it to

have been decided upofn two principles of law, consisteit or

inconsistent with each other, one, of which is erroneous and the

.other sound, ought not the judgment to be affirmed ?.

Now, as I have ai-eady said, the state court committed an

error, in my opinion, in going behind the award, and receiving

testimony to show that a contract was fraudulent and void which

a tribunal of the United States -having exclusive jurisdiction

over the subject had decided to he lawful and valid. Anil if

'this court have the power to revise -hat judgment, I think it

could not be supported on that ground.

But they put it upon another, and say, that if the 6riginal

contract is regarded as valid, then the interest of the insolvents

passed to their trustee, Oliver.

and, by

virtue-of

his

assignment,

vested

in Robert

Now, in examining the judgment of an inferior tribunal in a

case of this description, would the appellate court lay hold of the

erroneous principle to reverse the judgment? Would they not

affirm it upon the other alternative, which placed it upon lawful

and tenable grounds? I think nobody would doubt that the

judgment would be affirmed. Ought not the same rule to be

applied to the Maryland judgment which this court is now re-

vising ? And is not this court bound, under the award of the

commissioners, to regard the original contract as valid, when it

has been so decided by a-lawful tribunal of the United States,

having exclusive jurisdiction over the subject? If we are so

bound, and not authorized to impeach the judgment of the com-

rissioners, then the judgment of the Maryland court, in the cases

of Gooding and Williams, is right, and ought to be affirmed upon

the second ground stated in the opinion, even if we were sitting

here as an appellate tribuial.

it is true that the bill in the case of Williams's trustee was

filed in the state -chancery -court, which, by a change of the

law, represents the court where the fund was originally paid in

and distributed among the claimants; and was removed-to the

circuit court of the United States by the appellees, who reside

out of the State. And undoubtedly, the circuit court, in that

state of the case, possessed the same power over it, and were

bound to decide it upon the same principles that ought to have

governed the state court in which the bill was filed. .But there

SUPREME COURT.
Williams v. Gibbes et al.
was no new evidence, no new fact, no new interest or equity
porsented. There is a new name, indeed, but no new interest or equity disclosed in the bill. And upon that case the court of appeals had passed its decree. That decree was the law of the case, in the inferior court, where this bill was filed. And the court of appeals itself could not reverse its decree, signed and enrolled at a former term, nor open it merely because a new name was before them, which, according to its former decree, had no interest in the fund, and consequently ought not to have been made a party in the former proceedings. And if we now reverse this judgment, we go further than the Maryland court of appeals could have gone, and exercise what is essentially an appellate power over it, correcting the errors of an inferior court.
But in Gooding's case this. court go still further. The bifl in this case was filed originally in the circuit court of the United States. Yet the fund was never in that court, nor the money paid to the appellees by its order. If the decree is to be opened for error, aft r the fund is distributed by order of a court of competent jurisdiction, ought it not to be done in the court that passed the decree? And can a circuit court of the United States compel the appellees to repay money which they hold under the decree of a court of cordinate jurisdiction, made upon the same case, with the same evidence before them ? I think not.
Besides, Gooding became insolvent again in 1829. All the property, rights, and credits which he had at that time, vested in his trustees, who are still living. If Goodwin's interest in 1829 had become so far valid that it could -pass by his assignment to Oliver, why is not Gooding's also lawful and vested in his trustees? Upon what principle can Goodwin's interest be capable of assignment in 1829, and Gooding's remain fraudulent until his death ? Yet if it was capable of assignment in 1829, the complainant is not entitled. It passed to his trustees.
And if, as the court now say, Goodwin would be estopped from impeaching his assignment to Oliver on the ground that the original contract was illegal and fraudulent, why are not Gooding and Williams, and their administrators, equally estopped from impeaching their assignments to their respective trustee ? The assignment to the trustee for the benefit of their creditors was equally meritorious with Goodwin's assignment to Oliver. And if they had appeared as parties in the Maryland court, would they have beeii permitted to impeach the title of the trustee, who was then claiming it, and set up a right to the moriev in themselves, upon the ground that the contract of their respective intestates was fraudulent? Certainly, the principle

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

269

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

is well established in chancery that a party cannot set aside a' contract upon the ground that he himself was guilty of a fraud in making it. I do not cite cases to prove farmilar doctrines. His administrator is in no better condition. And yet. he is allowed, in this case, to defeat the operation of the intestate's deed to the trustee, upon the ground that the contract, of which the trustee claims the benefit, was a fraudulent one on the part of his intestate. And here, in a court of equity-, these administrators support Lheir title and recover this money against their trustees, as well as Oliver's executors, solely upon the ground that their intestate was guilty of a fraud in making the contract with Mina, and incapable, therefore, of assigning it. The party defeats the operation of his own deed, upon the ground that he himself committed a fraud. This doctrine cannot, I think, be
maintained, upon principle or authority, in a court of chancery. We are not dealing with Mexican laws, or inquiring what a
Mexican tribunal or the Mexican government would decide in relation to this contract, but we are inquiring how it stands in a Maryland court, and what are the legal rights under it by the laws of Maryland. And I understand this court to place its opinion solely upon the ground that this contract was fraudulent and void by the laws of Maryland, and that the parties acquired
no rights under it. It may have been good in Mexico; a valid, binding obligation.
They may have been willing to reward our citizens for a breach of d-%v to their own country; but that could not cleanse it from thne offence against our own law, nor give legal rights to

the administrator, when there was no right in the intestate. The courts of the United States can hardly be authorized to

sfoarnecitginonnaatniodne,nwfohrecne

what those

are called honorary obligations of a obligations have arisen from tempta

tions offered to our own citizens to violate the laws of their own country. Nor can I perceive how the opinion of the Maryland

courti declaring this contract to be fraudulent and void, can be

binding and conclusive upon this court and yet every other de-

cision of the same court, in the same case, explaining or quali-

fying error.

this opinion, still be open to examination and reversed for I cannot, for myself, draw any line of distinction between

the relative conclusiveness of the opinions the ste cort expressed, when olu of them were equally within its jurisdiction

and depended altogerhe othehe laws of the Staey; and all

upon points necessarily arising in the case they are then de-

ciding. Wihen these two cases were before the court, upon writs of
error brought by the trustees, I entertained the opinions I now

express. I then thoughtf that the court had jurisdiction, upon

23*

270

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. Gibbes ot al.

the ground that the validity of the act of the Maryland legislature
of 1841, confirming a certain description of conveyances made before that time by the trustees of insolvent debtors, was drawn into question, as contrary to the constitution of the United
States, and their decision had been in favor of the validity of
the state law. And I still think so. But at the same time I was of opinion that the law in question was valid, and that although we had jurisdiction, the judgment of the state court
in these two cases ought to be affirmed, and the writs of error not dismissed. For the trustee in whom the shares vested,
according to the opinion I have expressed as to Goodwin's case,
had transferred them to Oliver, and the state court was therefore right in decreeing them to Oliver's executors. The majority of this court thought otherwise, and dismissed them for want of jurisdiction. And I did not state my dissent, because, as I then understood the opinion, the dismissal finally disposed of them.
It was upon the grounds above stated that I.decided these cases at the circuit, and supposed, at the time I was de.ciding them, in conformity to the opinion of this court upon the conclusiveness of the judgment of the state court. The judgment just pronounced, however, shows that so far as the shares of
Gooding and Williams are concerned, I misunderstood thp opinion of the majority of this court. But with all the habitual respect which I feel for the judgment of my brethren, the opinion
I held at the circuit remains unchanged. And I have the more confidence in it, because this court, now, as heretofore, have
said that the questions in dispute depend altogether on Maryland law; and every judge in Maryland who has been called upon to hear and decide the cases of Gooding and Williams, of which
I am now speaking; the judge of the court of original chancery jurisdiction, the judges of the court of appeals, all men of high legal attainments and eminence; have clearly and unanimously
held, upon the same proofs now before us, that the executors of Oliver were entitled to these two shares in the Mexican Company, and decreed that the money should be paid -o them.
And no one of these judges deemed it necessary that the administrators should be parties, or called before the court; acting no doubt upon the established rules of chancery, that a person who has no interest in the fund need not and ought not to be
rfade a party; and that the administrators could have no interest, as the intestates themselves had none at the times of their respective deaths. And that if they were before the court, they could not be allowed to impeach the deed to the trustees by alleging that their intestate had committed a fraud in making it.
I must, therefore, adhere to the opinions I enteriained when the cases were betore me at circut, and dissent from the

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

271

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

opinion just pronounced, in the cases" of Gooding's and Williams's idministrators, And concurring in that of Goodwin's administrator, for the reasons hereinbefore stated.

John S. Williams, administrator of 1 James Williams, deceased, appellant, f

V.
Robert VL Gibbes and Charles Oliver, I
executors of Robert Oliver, deceased. J.Appeals from the circuit

} and
John Gooding, jr., administrator de bonis nm of John Gooding, deceased, appellant,

court of the United States for the district of Mryland.

Robert 1VL Gibbes and Charles Oliver,

executors of Robert Oliver, deceased.

t. Justice DANIEL dissenting. When, at a former term, these cases were brought before this court, in the name of Nathaniel Williams, trustee for the orddi-
tors of James Williams, an insolvent debtor, and of the same Nathaniel Williams, as trustee for the creditors of John Gooding, an insolvent debtor, the court, after argument and upon fall consideration, dismissed them for the want of jurisdiction. -The decision of the court then pronounced, commanded my entire concurrence. I still concur in that decision, and hold the reasons on which it was founded as wholly impregnable.
Those reasons were specifically these: That the questions involved in the cases were purely questions arising upon the
construction of the insolvent laws of Maryland; questions properly determinable, and which had been determined by the highest tribunal of that State; and such, therefore, as vested no jurisdiction in this court.
Such, then, being directly and explicitly the decision of this
court, as will be seen in the report of its decision in 12 How. 111, 125, it becomes a matter for curious speculation to inquire by what view of the facts and the law of these cases, by what process of reasoning upon the same facts and the same law,this
court have now arrived at a conclusion diametrically opposed to that which had been formerly reached by them. The parties in interest are essentially the same, varied only in name; it is the same insolent law of Maryland which it is now, as it formerly Was, undertaken to interpret; and it is the identical exposition of the identical court, formerly examined and sanctioned here, which this tribunal now assumes the right to reject and condemn.

272

SUPREME COURT.

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

Indeed, the field for discussion and criticism is now much more narrow than was that which existed when these cases were formerly before this court. At that time there were strenuously urged grounds for contestation, founded upon an alleged construction of the Mexican treaty, and of the acts of the commissioners under that treaty. At present, the claims of the appellants, and the impeachment by them of the decision of the state court, and of that of the circuit court of the United States, have been rested chiefly, if not exclusively, upon the fact, thatthe personal representatives of the insolvent assignors were not made parties to the suits brought for the distribution
of the effects of the insolvents.
It cannot be correctly insisted on as a universal or necessary
rule, that in suits by assignees the assignors from whom they derive title must be made parties. Cases may occur in which there may be a propriety of joining the assignors in such suits, but, without some apparent cause for such a proceeding, the rule and the practice are otherwise. Indeed, the calling into a controversy or litigation a person who can have no interest in such litigation, would be discountenanced by the courts, who would dismiss him from before them at the costs of the person who should have attempted such an irregularity. And it would seem that, if there could be a case in which such an attempt would be irregular, it would be that in which the person so made a party, had not, and could not have, any interest in the controversy; in other words, should be an insolvent, who had transferred upon record every possible interest he possessed in the matter in controversy. But suppose it be ldmitted as the general rule, that an assignee should, in the prosecution of an assigned interest, call in his assignor as a voucher, or for any other purpose, how will these cases be
affected by such an admission? The absence of the personal representatives of the' insolvent
assignors is the only circumstance imparting a shade or semblance of difference between the attitude of these cases as formerly brought before us, and that in which they are now -presented. Of what importance, either now or formerly, could be the presence or absence of the personal representatives of these insolvents, it might puzzle (Edipus himself to divine. The rights or interests of the representative can never be broader than are those of the person represented; and as the persons represented in these cases are admitted on all sides, and are shown upon record, to have nothing, by reason of the
transfer to their trustees of all that they had ever possessed, or to which they had any claim -and that, too, by a mode of transfer which declared the inadequacy of their all for the

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

273

Williams v. Gibbes et al.

liquidation of their debts -it followed, that those who came forward under these insolvents, jure representationis, merely, could themselves be entitled to nothing, by representation, from. their principals, nor claim anything in opposition to the universal and absolute assignments to the trustees of those debtors.
Had these personal representatives of the insolvents been
made parties to the suits for distribution, it is probable that they would have been regarded -bythe court as mere men of straw, used for the purpose of depriving the purchasers, for valuable consideration, from the trustees or assignees of the insolvent's interests, deemed, at the time of the sale by the trustees, precarious and contingent, but which the progress of events had subsequently rendered available.
But whatever may be admitted as the general rule applicable to suits by an assignee; however that rule may be supposed to
require that in such suits the assignor, or his representative, should be a party, still, we are brought back to the true characterof these cases, and of the rule of law peculiarly applicable to them, namely, that they are controversies depending upon the construction of the statutes of Marylar.d, which regulate the administration of the effects of insolvent debtors. That, in the construction of those statutes, it has been, by the supreme court of the State, decided, that in suits by the purchasers or assignees from the statutory trustees of insolvent debtors, the personal representatives of those insolvent debtors are not necessarily to be made parties, but that such suits may be prosecuted and decided -without participation or interference on the part of such representatives; that in conformity with this construction of the statute of Maryland, by the supreme court of the State, the circuit court of the United States for the district c f Maryland, and this court, in the cases herein mentioned, have concurrently ruled in direct opposition to the pretensions of the appellants now advanced.
Regarding the decision just pronounced as in conflict with all that has been heretofore ruled upon the subjects of this controversy, and as transcending the just authority of this court to reject the construction of the statute of Maryland proclaimed by the supreme court of that State, I am constrained to declare my dissent from the decision of this court, and my opinion that the decrees of the circuit court, in. these cases, should be affirmed.
Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Maryland, aid was argued by counsel; on considera-

274

SUPREME COURT.

John Gooding, Jr. v. Charles Oliver et al.

tion whereof it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the decree of the said circuit court in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed with costs, and that this cause be and the same is hereby remanded to the said circuit court for further proceedings to be had therein in conformity
to the opinion of this court.

JOHN GOODING, JUNIOR, ADMINISTRATOR de bonis qnon of JOHN GOODING, DECEASED, APPELLANT, V. CHARLES OLIVER AND ROBERT AL GIB:Es, EXECUTORS OF RoBERT OLIVER, DECEASED.
The decision in the preceding case, of Williams, administrator of Williams v. Oliver's executors, again affirmed.
THIS was an appeal from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Maryland.
In its leading features, it was identical with the preceding case of Williams, administrator of Williams, against the same defendants.
Oliver had purchased Gooding's share in the Mexican Company, from Winchester, the trustee in insolvency, which was passed upon by the Baltimore county court and the Maryland court of appeals, under the same circumstances and at th2 same time with the preceding case.
Gooding died intestate, on the 15th of February, 1839, and John Glenn administered upon his estate on the 15th of February, 1852. John Gooding, Junior, the appellant, afterwards became the administrator de bonis non.
The circuit court dismissed the bill filed by the appellant, and it was argued in this court together with the preceding case.
Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court. This is an appeal from a decree of the circuit court of the United States for the district of Maryland. The case involves the same questions, and is in all respects the same, as the case of the administrator of Williams against the executors of Oliver, just decided. The decree of the court below is therefore reversed, and the case remanded to the court below.
Mr. Chief Justice TANEY, Mr. Justice McLEAN, and Mr. Justice DANIEL, dissented.

596

SUPREME COURT.

Hays v. The Pacific Mail Steam-ship Company.

ought regularly to have been heard at the same time; and if
an appeal was prosecuted from the decree to this court, by any party who supposed himself to be aggrieved, the whole suit
would necessarily be brought up. Here the, cross-bill was heard and dismissed, pending the
original suit of which it was part. The decree pronounced was partial; and as no appeal lies from any but a final decree,
and this decree not being final, the consequence is, that this court has no jurisdiction to examine the merits presented and insist6d on in the argument. All that we can properly do is to dismiss the appeal, because it brought lip nothing. Now, as to the matters discussed in the opinion just delivered, founded
on a copy of the proceedings had below, and filed in this court, I can only say tha I have no opinion in regard to them, never having even r~ad the record further than to ascertain that this court had no jurisdiction in the supposed case presented to us: I therefore concur in the judgment that the case shall be dismissed, for want of jurisdiction, without going further.

Order.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the district court of the United States for the northern district of M\'ississippi, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof it is now here ordered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that this cause be and the same is hereby dismissed, for the want of jurisdiction.

JOHN C. HAYs, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. THE PACIFIC MAIL STEAM-SHIP COMPANY.
The acts of congress require that every vessel shall be registered by the collector of the district in which is the port nearest to the place where her owner or owners reside. The name of this port must be painted on her stern, in large letters ; and every bill of sale of her must be recorded in the office where she is registered.
Where a company, incorporated by New York, (all the stockholders being residents of that State,) owned vessels which were employed in the transportation of passengers, &c., between New York and San Francisco, in California, and between San Francisco and different ports in the territory of Oregon ; all of which vessels were ocean steam-ships, and duly registered in New York ; that they remained in California no longer than was necessary to land their paqsengers and freight, and prepare for the next voyage ; these vessels are not liable to .sessment and taxation under the laws of California and authorities of San Francisco.
They were there but temporarily engaged in lawful trade and commerce, with their shus at the home port, where the vessels belonged, and where the owners were liable to be taxed for the capital investcd, and where the taxes had been paid.
THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the district

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.

597

Hays v. The Paeific Mail Steam-ship Company.
court of the United States for the northern district of California.
The cas& is stated in the opinion of the court.
It was argued by .Mr.Brent and Mr. May, for the plaintiff in error, and by M9r. Daiddge and M r. Vinton, for the .defendants.

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court. This is a writ of error to the district court for the northern district of California. The suit was brought in the district court, by the company, to recover back a sum of money which they were compelled to pay to the defendant, as. taxes assessed in the State of Califorma, upon twelve steam-ships belonging to them, which were temporarily within the jurisdiction of the State.
The complaint sets forth, that the plaintiffi are an incorporated company by the laws of New York; that all the stock-
holders are residents and citizens of that State; that the principal office for transacting the business of the company is located in the city of New York, but, for the better transaction of their business, they have agencies in the city of Panania,
New Grenada, and in the city of ,San Francisco, California; that they have, also, a naval dock and ship-yard at the port of Benicia, of that State, for furnishing and repairing their steamers; that, on the arrival at the port of San Francisco, they remain no longer than is necessary to land their passengers, mails, and freight, usually .done in a. day; they then proceed to
Benicia, and remMn for repairs and refitting until the commencement of. the next voyage, usually some ten or twelvd days; that the business in which they are engaged is in the transportation of passengers, merchandise, treasure, and the United States mails, between the city of New York and the city of San Francisco, by way of Panama, and between San Francisco nd different ports in the Territoiy of Oregon; that the company ar6 sole owners of the several vessels, and no portion of the interes t is owned by citizens of the State. of California; that the vessels are all ocean steam-srhips, employed exclusively in navigaxtingA the waters of the ocean; that all of them are duly registered at the custom-horse in New York,
where the owners reside; that. takes have been assez ed upon all the capital of the plaintiffs represented by the steamers in the State of New York, under the laws of that State, ever since they havo'been employed in the navigation, down to the present time; that the said steam-ships have been assessed in the State of California and county of San Francisco, for the year begin-
ning 1st July, 1851, and ending 30th June, 1852, claiming the

598

SUPREME COURT.

Hays v. The Pacific Mail Steam-ship Company.

assessment as annually due, under an act of the legislature of
the State; that the taxes assessed amount to $11,962.50, and were paid under protest, after one of the vessels was advertised for sale by the defendant, in order to prevent a sale of it.
To this complaint the defendant demurred, and the court below gave judgment for the plaintiffs.
By the 3d section of the act of congress of 31st December,
1792, it is provided that every ship or vessel, except as thereafter provided, shall be registered by the collector of the district, in which shall be comprehended the port to which the ship or vessel shall belong at the time of her registry, and which port shall be deemed to be that at or nearest to which the owner, if there be bui. one, or, if more than one, nearest to the place where the husband, or acting and managing owner usually resides; and the name of the ship, and of the port to which she shall so belong, shall be painted on her stern, on a black ground,
in white letters of not less than three inches in I-ngth; and if any ship or vessel of the United States shall be ibund without hav'inrg her name, and the name of the port to which she belongs, painted in the manner mentioned, the owner or owners
shall forfeit fifty dollars.
And by the act of 29th July, 1850, (9 Stats. at Large, 440,) it is provided that no bill of sale, mortgage, or conveyance of
any vessel shall be valid *against any person other than the grantor, &c., and persons having actual notice, unless such bill of sale, mortgage, or conveyance be recorded in the office of the collector of the customs where such vessel is registered or
enrolled.
These provisions, and others that might be referred to, very clearly indicate that the domicile of a vessel that requires to be registered, if we may so speak, or home port, is the port at which she is registered, and which must be the nearest to the place where the owner or owners reside. In this case, therefore, the home port of the vessels of the plaintiffs was the port of
New York, where they were duly registered, and where all the individual owners are resident, and where is also the principal
place of business of the company; and where, it is admitted, the capital invested is subject to State, county, and other local
taxes.
These ships are engaged in the transportation of passengers, merchandise, &c., between the city of New York and San Francisco, by the way of Panama, and between San Francisco and different ports in the territbry of Oregon. They 6re thus engaged in the business and commerce of the country, upon the highway of nations, touching at such ports and places as these great interests demand, and which hold out to the owners suf-

DECEMBER TERM, 1854.
Hays v. The Pacific AMail Steam-ship Co.
ficient inducements by the profits realized or expected to be realized. And so far as respects the ports and harbors within the United-States, they are eitered and cargoes dischArged or laden on board, independently of any control over them, except as it respects such municipal and sanitary egulations of the
local authorities as are not inconsistent with the coflstitution and laws of the general government, to which belongs the regulation of commerce with foreign nations and between the States.
Now, it is quite apparent that if the State of Ciaifornia possessed the authority to impose the tax in question, any other State in the Union, into the ports of which the vessels entered in the prosecution of their trade and business, might also impose a like tax. It may~be that the course of trade or other circumstances might not occasion as great a delay in other ports on the Pacific as at the port of San Francisco. But this is a matter accidental, depending upon the amount of business to be transacted at the particular port, the nature of it, necessary repairs, &c., which in no respect can affect the question as to the situs of the property, in view of the right of taxation by the State.
Besides, whether the vessel, leaving her home port for trade and commerce, visits, in the course of her voyage or business, several ports,.or confines her operations in the carrying trade to one, are questions that will depend upon the profitable returns of the business, and will furnish no more evidence that she has become a part of the personal property within the State, and liable to taxation at one port than at the others. She is within the jurisdiction of all or any one of them temporarily, and for a purpose wholly excluding the idea of permanently abiding in the State, or changing her home port. Our merchant vessels are not unfrequently absent for years, in flie foreign carrying trade, seeking cargo, carrying and unlading it from port to port, during all the time absent; but they neither lqse their national character nor their home port, as inscribed upon-their stern.
The distinction between a vessel in her home port and when lying at a foreign one, or in. the port of another State, is familiar in the admiralty law, and she is subjected, in many cases, to the application of a different set of principles. 7 Pet. 324; 4 Wheat. 438.
We are satisfied that the State of California had no jurisdiction over these vessels for the purpose of taxation; they were not, properly, abiding within its limits, so as to become incorporated with the dther personal piroperty of the State; they were there but temporarily, engaged in lawful trade and com-

SUPREME COURT.
Hays v. The Pacific Mail Steam-ship Co.
merce, with their situs at the home port, where the vessels belonged, and where the owners were liable to be taxed for the capital invested, and where the taxes had been paid.
An objection is taken to the recovery against the collector, on the ground, mainly, that the assessment under the law of California, by the assessors, was a judicial act, and that the party should have pursued his remedy to set it aside according to the provisions of that law.
We do not think so. The assessment was not a judicial, but a ministerial act, and as the assessors exceeded their powers in making it, the officer is not protected.
The payment of the tax was not voluntary, but compulsory, to prevent the sale of one of the ships.
Our conclusion is, that the judgment of the court below is right, and should be affirmed.
Mr. Justice DANIEL dissented, and Mr. Justice CAMPBELL concurred in the judgment of the court, upon the groiimd stated in his opinion.
Mr. Justice DANIEL. I dissent from the decision of the court in this case, it being my opinion that neither the circuit court nor this court could take jurisdiction over the parties to. this suit; and that, therefore, this cause should be remanded to the district court, with directions to dismiss it for want of jurisdiction.
Mr. Justice CAMPBELL. I concur in the judgment. But I concur only in consequence of the facts stated in the declaration, and which are admitted by the demurrer. The material fact is, that the vessels were in transitu,having no situs in California, nor permanent connections with its internal commerce.
Order,
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the district court of the United States for the northern district of California, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is now here ordered and, adjudged by this court that the judgment of the said district court in this cause be and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs, and interest until paid, at the same rate per annum that similar judgments bear in the courts of the Stafe of California.

