16

SUPREME COURT.

Hill's Executors et al. v. 3teek, Adm'r, &c.

the former have by express stipulation or by necessary implica-
tion assumed. The appellee, then, having unquestionably forfeited every pre-
tension of right as against Mexico, deserted and assailed by im,
the United States, as the successors to the sovereignty of Mexico, can sustain no obligation with respect to him in connection with this claim. I think, therefore, that the decision of the court below should be reversed, and petition of the appellee dismissed.

WILLIAM J. MCLEAN AND JOHN M. BASS, EXECUTORS op HENRY
R. W. HILL, DECEASED, THE SAID HENRY R. W. HILL AND
WILLIAMr J. McLEAN BEING THE SURVIVING PARTNERS OF THE FIRM OF N. AND J. DICK AND Co., APPELLANTS, V.
JAIIES L. MEEK, ADMINISTRATOR OF JOSEPH MEEK, AND JAMES L. MEEK AND JOSEPH MEEK.
The record of a debt against an administrator in one State is not sufficient evidence of V the debt against an administrator of the same estate in another State. The case of Stacy v. Thrasher, 6 How. 44, examined and affirmed. fn this case, even if there were other evidence of a demand, it would be for a debt
upon open account, which would be barred by the statute of limitations in Missis. sippi, and therefore the decree of the circuit court, dismissing the bill, is affirmed.
Tins was an appeal from the circuit court of the United States for the southern district of Mississippi.
The case was this. Joseph Meek, a citizen and resident of Davidson county, State of Tennessee, died on the 12th of February, 1838, leaving property in the States of Tennessee and Mississippi. He left three children, namely: James L. Meek, Joseph Meek, and a daughter, who was married to John Munn. Jesse Meek, the brother of the deceased, was appointed his administrator in both States, namely, in Mississippi on the 30th February, 1838, and in Tennessee in September, 1838. The estate in Tennessee was insolvent, and in November, 1840, a bill was filed in the chancery court at Franklin, in the State of Tennessee, by Jesse the administrator, and by John Munn and wife, alleging the insolvency of the estate and praying for its administration according to the laws of that State in case of insolvent estates. To this bill the creditors were made parties defendants. The minor sons were also made defendants by their guardian. Jesse Meek's letters of administration in Mississippi were revoked on 28th December, 1841, and John Munn appointed

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

17

McLean et al. v. Meek.

on the same day administator de bonis non. He continued to administer until 12th February, 1849, and on the next day James L. Meek was appointed in his place.
In the progress of the administration in insolvency in Tennessee, the claim of N. and J. Dick and Co., (the surviving partners of which firm were the appellants,) for $21,460.80 was presented to the clerk and master, who had been directed by
the court to report on the debts filed against the estate. The claim was allowed for $20,445.67, which report was confirmed by the court. Upon this claim, Dick and Co. received two sums, namely, one of 8 300 and the other of $ 1,987.13.
On the 29th of'August, 1850, Hill and McLean, as surviving partners of the firm of Dick and Co., filed their bill in the circuit court of the United States for the southern district of Mississippi against James L. Meek, as administrator, which was after-
wards so amended as to be against said Meek in his individual capacity, and also against Joseph Meek, one of the heirs.
The only evidence relied upon by the complainants was a transcript of the record from the chancery court of Tennessee.
The circuit court dismissed the bill, and the complainants appealed to this court.

It was submitted on printed arguments by JIfr. Benjamin, for the appellant, and Mr. Harris,for the appellee.

.lM,. Beijamin referred to the cases ofAspdenv. Nixon, 4 How. 467, and Stacy v. Thrasher, 6 How. 44, and said: -
These authorities, rightly construed, are conclusive against the appellees. In the present case, the administrator in Tennessee and in Mississippi is the same person; and in the proceedings in chancery in Tennessee, which resulted in a decree establishing the claim of the appellants, the present defendants were parties, as shown by the foregoing statement of facts.
In addition to this consideration, the present defendant, James L., as administrator de bonis non of Joseph Meek, is privy with his predecessor, Jesse, in the trust resulting from the administration. The principle is ruled expressly in Stacy v. Thrasher, as being the law of Mississippi. See the language of Judge Grier, at page 60.
Mr. Hfarris referred to the case of Stacy v. Thrasher, and contended that, as a simple contract debt, it was barred by the statute of limitations. Hutch. Miss. Code, 830-3.
Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the court. Hill and McLean sued James L. Meek, administrator of
2*

18

SUPREME COURT.

McLean et al. v. Meek.

Joseph Meek, by bill in equity, in the circuit court of the United
States for the southern district of Mississippi, for upwards of $ 20,000, alleged to be due the complainants by Joseph Meek at
the time of his death. He died in February, 1838, and was then domiciled in David-
son county, Tennessee. In September, 1838, Jesse Meek was appointed administrator of Joseph Meek's estate in said county. In November, 1840, the estate was alleged to be insolvent, and
a bill was filed in the chancery court exercising jurisdiction in Davidson county, by Jesse Meek, the then administrator, and
John Munn and his wife, who was a daughter of Joseph Meek, setting forth the insolvency, and praying for judicial administration of the assets among the creditors of the deceased, according to the statute of that State. To this bill the creditors were the proper defendants, and entitled to share the assets
ratably. The other children of the deceased were also made defendants, and acted by their guardian.
Nathaniel and James Dick and Co. presented a claim for allow-
ance of $21,445, and which was allowed by the chancery court in May, 1846, and about $2,000 of it was afterwards paid out of the assets distributed; and for the balance remaining unpaid the present bill was filed, seeking a discovery of assets from the
administrator in Mississippi, and payment therefrom. The evidence relied on to sustain the suit and establish the
demand, was a copy of the record from the chancery court of Tennessee; and the principal question is, whether this proceeding bound the administrator or affected the assets in Mississippi.
There is one circumstance worthy of explanation. Jesse Meek administered in Mississippi, 30th February, 1838, on Joseph Meek's estate, but his letters were revoked in 1841, and John Munn was appointed administrator de bonis non, and afterwards James L. Meek was appointed, and superseded Munn; and James L. is here sued.
During the contest in the Tennessee court, when Dick and
Co. established their demand, Jesse Meek was the Tennessee administrator, and Munn and Joseph L. Meek were successively
administrators in Mississippi. These administrations were independent of each other; the
respective administrators represented Meek, the deceased intestate, by an authority coextensive only with the State where the letters of administration were granted, and had jurisdiction of the assets there, and were accountable to creditors and distributees according to the laws of the State granting the authority. No connection existed, or could exist, between them, and therefore a recovery against the one in Tennessee was no evidence against the other in Mississippi. Stacy v. Thrasher, 6 How. 44,
lays down this distinct rule.

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

19

Kissell v. St. Louis Public Schools.

But if there was evidence of the demand, as alleged, and which
we do not doubt exists, yet it is only evidence of an open account existing at the time of Joseph Meek's death, in 1838, and therefore subject to be barred by the act of limitations in Mississippi barring such claims, if suit is not brought to enforce them within
three years next after the cause of action accrued. The answers of the administrator and heirs of Joseph Meek rely on the act of limitations as a bar to relief, and which bar would necessarily be allowed, if the cause was remanded, so that further evidence might be introduced. As it now stands, however, there is no evidence of the demand, and therefore we order that the decree of
the circuit court shall be affirmed.

JACOB KISSELL, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, v. THE BOARD OF THE PRESI-
DENT AND DIRECTORS OF THE ST. Louis PUBLIc SCHOOLS.
The act of congress passed on the 13th of June, 1812, (2 Stats. at Large, 748,) reserved for the support of schools in the respective towns or villages in Missouri "all town or village lots, out-lots or common-field lots, included in such surveys," (which the principal deputy-surveyor was directed in a preceding section to make,) "which are not rghtfuly owned or claimed by any private individuals, or held as commons belonging to such towns or villages, or that the President of the United States may not think proper to reserve for miltaT purposes, provided that the whole quantity wofhollaendlancodnstianincleuddeidn inthethelogtsenreersaelrvseudrvesyhaollf nsuocthextocewend oronveilltawgeen."tieth part of the
The act of 26th of May, 1824, (4 Stats. at Large, 65,) directed the individual claimants to present their claims within a specified time, after which the surveyor-general was to designate and set apart the lots for the support of schools.
The act of 27th of January, 1831, (4 Stats. at Large, 435,) relinquished the title of the United States in the above lots to the inhabitants of the towns, and also in the lots reserved for the support of schools, to he disposed of or regulated as the legislature of the State might direct.
In 1833, the legislature incorporated a board of commissioners of the St. Louis public schools, and, in 1843, the surveyer returned a plat in conformity with the above laws.
The title to the lots thus indicated by the surveyor as school lots enured to the benefit of the school commissioners. Until the survey, the title was like other imperfect titles in Louisiana, waiting for the public authority to designate the particular land to which the title should attach.
The certificate of the surveyor is record evidence of title, and the question is not open whether or not these lots were out-lots or common-field lots, or other lots described in the statute. The title is good until some person can show a better.
Such a better title was not found in an entry under the pre-emption lavs of April 12, 1814, and 29th of April, 1816. The land in question was within the limits of the town of St. Louis, and was also reserved from sale. For both reasons it was not subject to pre-emption.
The ignorance of the pre-emptioner that the land was reserved, does not prevent the entry from being void.
TIs case was brought up from the supreme court of Missouri by a writ of error issued under the 25th section of the judiciary act.

192

SUPREME COURT.

Heirs of Poydras de la Lande v. Treasurer of Louisiana.

of the bills of lading was obtained by the fraud of the special owner.
In Gracie v. Palmer, 8 Wheat. 605, the question came before this court, whether the charterer and the master could, by a contract made with a shipper who acted in good faith, destroy the lien of the owner on the goods shipped, for the freight due
under the charter-party. It was held they could not; and the decision is placed upon the ground of want of authority to do
the act. It was admitted by the court that the charterer and master might impose on a shipper in a foreign port, by making him believe the charterer was owner, and the master his agent. But it was considered that so far as respected the owner, the risk of loss from such imposition lay on the shipper. So, in this case, even if the special owner and the master had combined to issue these simulated bills of lading, they could not create a lien on the interest of the general owner of the vessel. Upon the actual posture of the facts, the master having been defrauded by
the special owner into signing the bills of lading, it would be difficult to distinguish them, so far as respects the rights of the claimant, from bills forged by the special owner, On these grounds, we are of opinion that, upon the facts as they appear
from the evidence in the record, the maritime law gives no lien on the schooner ; that the claimant is not estopped from alleging and proving those facts ; and, consequently, that the decree of the court below must be reversed, and the cause remanded, with directions to dismiss the libel, with costs.

THE WIDOW AND HEIRS OF BENJAIIN POYDRS DE LA LANDE,
PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, v. THE TREASURER OF THE STITE OF LouISIANA.
The laws of Louisiana impose a tax of ten per cent upon what an heir, legatee, or donee may receive upon the succession to an estate of a person deceased, where such heir, legatee, or donee is not domiciliated in Louisiana, and is not a citizen of any State or Territory of the Union. They also provide that the executor, &c., shall pay the tax.
Where the state court decided that this tax was properly imposed upon the succession accruing to persons who were born in France, had always lived in France, without ever having been in Louisiana, this is not such a decisionas can be reviewed by this court under the 25th section of the judiciary act.
No question was made in the Vourt below that these laws conflicted with any provision of the constitution of the United States. In a petition for rehearing, several grounds were alleged as reasons for granting it; but the record does not show why the court refused it.
THIS case was brought up from the supreme court of Lou-

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

193

Heirs of Poydras de la Lande v. Treasurer of Louisiana.

isiana, by a writ of error issued under the 25th section of the judiciary act.
The case is stated in the opinion of the court.

It was argued by XIfr. Tanin, for the plaintiffs in error, and Mr.Benjamin, for defendant.

.M. Tanin made the following points :-

It is important to ascertain what points the supreme court of

Louisiana really decided, for upon this depends the jurisdiction

of this court. The decision turned principally upon the con-

struction of the statutes of 1842 and 1850, and sums up a review

of these statutes in the following words: "From this view of

the statute, we conclude that the tax attaches not only to

property falling to alien heirs, who are non-residents, but also

to the property falling to citizens of our own State who reside

abroad."

(Mr. .anin contended that under the 911, 912, 913, and

914th articles of the Code of Practice, a decision upon a petition

for rehearing could be reviewed by this court.)

The Louisiana statutes, as expounded by the supreme court

of the State, are contrary to two provisions of the constitution

of the United States, namely: -

" Art. IV. sect. 2. The citizens of each State shall be entitled

to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the several States."

"Art. I. sect. 8. The congress shall have power to regulate

commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States,

and with the Indian tribes." 4 Wash. 0. C. R. 880; Story on

the Constitution, § 1806; 9 Wheat. 190.

.M-r. Benjamin contended that the record did not show that

the questions stated in the 25th section arose in the case, much

less that they were decided as thdt section requires. A petition

for rehearing can bring up no new question. 6 La. R. 193; 19

La. R. 48; 1 Rob. R. 380; 1 Annual, 406.

The defence in the state court assumed the position, that the

state law, properly construed, applies only to heirs alien and non-

resident, and alleged that the defendants were citizens of Louis-

iana and residents. The court, without determining whether

defendants were citizens of Louisiana or not, held, that the

proper construction of the law embraced them as non-residents,

whether they were citizens of Louisiana or of France.

The alleged error is that, if the defendants are citizens of Lou-

isiana, and if the court construed the statute aright, then the

statute is unconstitutional. But the court below did not decide

the defendants to be citizens of Louisiana, and this court there-

fore cannot examine the first question suggested, and it is equally

without power to examine the second question, being without

VOL. XVII.

17

194

SUPREME COURT.

Heirs of.Poydras de la Lande v. Treasurer of Louisiana.

jurisdiction to revise a decision of a state court for error in the
construction of a state statute. The question of the jurisdiction of this court, in cases similar
to the present, was again very recently passed on by the court,
and its former decisions reviewed and affirmed, in a case from Louisiana, which cannot be distinguished in principle from the
one now under consideration. Grand Gulf Co. v. Marshall, 12 How. 166, and other cases
still later, affirm the previous jurisprudence. Lawler et al. v. Walker et al. 14 How. 153 ; Robertson v. Coulter, 16 How. 106.

Mr. Justice McLEAN delivered the opinion of the court.
This is a writ of error to the supreme court of Louisiana. The treasurer of the State of Louisiana instituted a suit in the second district of New Orleans, claiming, in behalf of the State, a tax of ten per cent on the amount of the succession of Benjamin Poydras de la Lande, inherited by pei'sons alleged to be citizens and residents of France.
This tax was claimed by virtue of two acts of the legislature.
of Louisiana, one passed on the 26th of March, 1842, which provided "that each and every person, not being domiciliated in this State, and not being a citizen of any State or Territory of the Union, who shall be entitled - whether as heir, legatee, or donee - to the whole or any part of the succession deceased, whether such person shall have died in this State or elsewhere, shall pay a tax of ten per cent on all sums, or on the value of
all property which he may actually receive, or so much thereof
as is situated in this State." The 76th section of the act of March 21, 1850, provides, that
"every executor, curator, tutor, or administrator, having the
charge or administration of succession property belonging in whole or in part to a person residing out of this State, and not being a citizen of any other State or Territory of the United States, shall be bound to retain in his hands the amount of
the tax imposed by law, and to pay over the same to the
state treasurer." Benjamin Poydras, an old and wealthy naturalized citizen of
Louisiana, having died in 1851, in France, leaving a widow and
three minor children in that country, the treasurer of the State of Louisiana filed, on the 27th of February, 1852, a petition in the second district court of New Orleans against the widow, as tutrix of her minor children, claiming ten per cent on the amount of the property left by the deceased in Louisiana. The grounds for this claim, as alleged in the petition, are, " that the said tutrix, as well as her said minor children, are all citizens of France, and reside in that country."

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

195

Heirs of Poydras de Ia Lande v. Treasurer of Louisiana.

The answer of the defendants denied their liability for the payment of the tax, alleging that they were citizens of the State of Louisiana, legally domiciliated therein. The lower court gave judgment for the State, which judgment, on appeal, was affirmed by the supreme court of the State.
This being a writ of error, under the 25th section of the judiciary act of 1789, the defendant -inerror insists that there is no jurisdiction. That section provides, that on "a final*judgment or decree in any suit in the highest court of law or equity in which a decision in the suit could be had, where is drawn in question the validity of a treaty or statute of, or an authority exercised under, any State, on the ground of their being repugnant to the constitution or laws of the United States, and the decision is in favor of such their validity, may be re-examined, and reversed or affirmed in the supreme court of the United States, upon a writ of error.
In the petition, the respondents are alleged to be citizens and residents of France. In their answer, they allege, that the deceased, in the year 1804, settled in Louisiana, and became a citizen of the United States, and maintained his residence and citizenship in Louisiana; that his last visit to France was intended to be temporary, but he was involved in lawsuits in that country for years, though he intended to return to Louisiana, and would have done so, had he not died. During his absence he acquired a large amount of property in Louisiana, and he continued to express his determination to return to that country during his life. And they alleged that they were citizens of the State of fouisiana.
In the final judgment in the lower court, the judge says : "The deceased was a French subject, who was born and died in France; and his heirs, now residents and natives of France, who have never been in this State, claim his estate. It appears to me .that they came within the purview of the act of 1842." A judgment for $45,208.80 and costs of suit was entered against the defendants. An appeal was taken to the supreme court of the State, where the judgment of the inferior court was affirmed. It does not appear from the pleadings, and procedure in the inferior or in the supreme court, that the question was made whether the acts of 1842 and 1850 were in conflict with any provision of the constitution of the United States. The supreme court held, that the tax in question "attaches not only to property falling to alien heirs, who are non-residents, but also to the property falling to citizens of our own State residing abroad." And they say the object of the law is to discourage absenteeism. The court held that neither the act of

196

SUPREME COURT.

Heirs of Poydras de la Lande v. Treasurer of Louisiana.

1842 nor that of 1850 is repugnant to the 187th article of the constitution of the State, of 1845.
Up to the final judgment in this case, in the supreme court
of Louisiana, no question was raised by the counsel nor decided by the court, involving the constitutionality of either of the acts
before us, under the constitution of the United States. Indeed, this is not asserted by the counsel ;but it is contended that such a question was raised and decided on the petition for a rehearing. If this were admitted, does it bring the case within the 25th section ? It must appear from the record, that one or both the acts referred to are not only repugnant to some provision of the constitution of the United States, but that the'point was presented to the court, and it decided in favor of the unconstitutional act
or acts. The points, which the defendants requested the court to re-
view, were: 1. That a citizen of Louisiana, whether native or naturalized,
who absents himself, even for temporary purposes, from the
State for more than two years, thereby loses his domicile and residence, and is bound to pay to the State ten per cent on any inheritance, legacy, or donation to which he may be entitled as intestate or under a will, if the estate of which he is heir and legatee is opened in the State after his aforesaid absence of more than two years ; but that he would not be liable to this tax, if during his absence he had become a citizen of another State or
Territory of the Union. 2. That the act of March 26, 1842, which establislhes the tax
of ten per cent upon foreign non-resident heirs, is not contrary to the 12th article of the constitution of 1845.
3. That Benjamin Poydras, by his prolonged residence in France, during the latter part of his life, had lost his domicile in Louisiana.
In neither of the above grounds is there an intimation of any conflict with the federal constitution in the decision. Whether there was a repugnancy between the tax-acts and the state constitution,-is a matter which belongs, exclusively, to the state
court. The court refused the rehearing, on what ground does not
appear. This court can exerdise no appellate power over the supreme
court of a State, except in a few specified cases; and the ground of jurisdiction must be stated with precision, and the ruling of the court to bring the case under the 25th section must appear, on the record, to have been against the right claimed. Any reason assigned for a rehearing or a new trial is not sufficient.
The case is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.

158

SUPREME COURT.

Griffith et al. v. Bogert et al.

front on the lake. They must then ascertain the front on the lake shore, as it at present exists, and divide that into as many
equal parts as there are feet on the old shore from North Water street to the piers, and give to each of the parties as many of
these parts as he had feet on the old shore, and then draw a straight line from the point of division on the old lake shore
to the point thus determined as the point of division on the present one.
We do not perceive why North Water street should have been adopted as the northern limit upon the old shore, as the basis in
making the division, as it appears from the evidence and maps that the alluvial accretions extended much farther north. The northern limit on the old shore should have been carried as far as the new-made land extended, as each riparian proprietor was entitled to his proper share, and it was essential that the entire line be regarded, in order that each might obtain his proportional part. Neither do we perceive any reason for excluding the pier shore of the lake - that is, the shore along the line of the piers
- from measurement, in ascertaining the extent of the newly made shore. If we disregard the artificial construction which
occasioned the accretions, the lake there is as much new shore as any other portion of it, and should have been taken into the
estimate. As no question was made below whether or not the alluvial
accretions in question were formed under such circumstances as gave to adjoining owners a title to them, we do not intend to
express any opinion upon that question.
The judgment of the court below is reversed, with directions
that a venire de novo issue.

JOSIAH SIDDONS GRIFFITH, J.AbIES S. CHEW, AND MARY E. CHEW,
HIS WIFE, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, V. JOHN B. BOGERT, ABRAHAM "IYER, AND THADDEUS SMITH.
The law of Missouri allows the lands of a deceased debtor to be sold under execution, but prohibits it from being done until after the expiration of eighteen months from the date of the letters of administration upon his estate.
Where the letters of administration were dated on the 1st of November, 1819, and the sale took place on the 1st of May, 1821, the sale was valid. In this case the terminus a quo should be included.
Moreover, the sale was ordered to take place on that day by a court of competent jurisdiction, and this makes the matter Tern judicatam, ind is evidence of the constraction which the courts of Missouri place upon their laws.
And, besides, the question of the regularity of ajudicial sale cannot be raised collaterally, except in case of fraud, in which the purchaser was a participant.

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

159

Griffith et al. v. Bogert et al.

THis case came up by writ of error, from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Missouri.
The case is stated in the opinion of the court.

It was argued by Mr. Crilttenden, for the plaintiffs in error, and H1r. Geyer,for the defendants.

Those of Mr.Crittenden's points, which were included in the

decision of the court, were the two following: -

1. Because the judgments themselves were void, so far as

they related to, or affected the lands, tenements, or hereditaments

of the intestate; or, if not, that the executions issued thereon,

dated respectively, the 28th of February, and 9th of April, 1821,

under or in virtue of which the sheriff sold the land in qiiestion,

were illegal, null and void, because issued before the expiration

of eigh teen months from the date (1st of November, 1819) of

the letters of administration of the estate of said intestate, and

were therefore issued in direct violation of the express provisions

of the before-recited act of the 25th of January, 1817 ; 8 Met-

calf, 502.

2. Because the sale, in virtue of which said deed purports to

have been executed, was made on the 1st day of May, 1821,

and before the expiration of eighteen months from the date, (1st

of November, 1819,) of the said letters of administration, con-

trary to the express terms of the said act of 1817, and was,

therefore, illegal and void.

· The only questionable part of this proposition is, whether the

1st of May, 1821, is a day after the expiration of eighteen

months from the 1st of Novembe, 1819, or included in, and part

of the period. The reasonable and legal rule of computation

of time in such cases, is to exclude the first day, that is, the day

of the event or act from which the computation is to be made.

It is but the fraction of a day, and the law takes no notice or

account of it. This is believed to be the rule as now settled by

judicial discussions in Missouri. Gantly v.Ewing, 3 How. 707;

Kennon v. Osgood, 19 Mo. R. 60; Blaine v. Beehler, 12 Mo.

R. 477.

Upon the principal point in the case, IkTr. Geyer said : -

The sale was made on the 1st of May, 1821, which was after

the expiration of eighteen months, from the death of the intes-

tate, or the date of the letters of administration, (1st of Novem-

ber, 1819,) construing the act of 1817 according to the rules and

principles which have been recognized and applied in analogous

cases.

I

It has been laid down in many cases as a general rule, that

where time is to be computed from an event or an act, the day

of the event or the performance of the act is to be included.

160

SUPREME COURT.

Griffith et al. v. Bogert et al.

Norris v. The Hundred of the Gawthry, Hobart, 139; King, v.
Adderly, Douglass, 463 ; Castle v. Burdett, 3 Term R. 623; Glassington v. Rawlings, 3 East, 407; Priest v. Tarlton, 3 N. H. Rep. 93; Thomas v. Afflick, 16 Pa. R. 14; Robinet v. Compton, 2 La. An. R. 856; Pierpoint v. Graham, 4 Wash. C. C.
Rep. 232; Arnold v. United States, 9 Cranch, 104. In some cases, the rule has been held to be, to exclude the day
of the act or event from the computation; in others, the day has been excluded without laying down any general rule. King v. Cumberlanq, 4 Nov. and M. 375; Judd v. Fulton, 10 Barl. 117; Wing v. Davis, 7 Maine, 31 ; Ex parte v. Deane, 2 Cowen, 605 ; Cornell v. Moulton, 3 Denio, 12; Snydor v. Warren, 2 Cowen, 518; S. B. Mary Blane v. Beehler, 12 Mo. R. 477; Kimm v. Osgood's Administrators, 19 Mo. R. 60.
But it has been denied that there is any general rule, that the day of the act or event from which time is to be computed is to be included or excluded, and held that whether it is to be taken inclusive or exclusive, depends upon the reason of the thing, the
context, and subject-matter. Lester v. Garland, 15 Vesey, Jr., 248; Dowling v. Foxall, 1 Ball & Bealty, 196; Windsor v. China, 4 Maine, 298 ; Bigelow v. Wilson, 1 Peck, 485 ; Presbury v. Williams, 15 Mass. 193; Jones v. Planters' Bank, 5 Humphries, 619; O'Conner v. Towns, 1 Texas, 107.
In the earlier cases, "from the date" was generally held to be inclusive, and " from the day of the date," exclusive, but the doctrine now most generally received is, that there is no difference in the two forms of expression, both meaning the same
thing; and in the computation of time on promissory notes and bills of exchange, the day of the date has generally been ex-
cluded; in other instances, it is held to be inclusive or exclusive, according to the context and subject-matter. Pugh v. Duke of Leeds, Cowper, 714, and cases there cited and reviewed ; Rand v. Rand, 4 N. H. 267; Moore v. Bond, 18 Maine, 142; Wilcox v. Wood, 9 Wend. 346.
It appears to have been very generally agreed that either the first or the last day shall be included in the computation, and in
no case are both to be excluded or included, unless the contract or statute upon which the question arises will admit of no other construction. E-x parte v. Deane, 2 Cow. 605 ; Thomas v. Afflick, 16 Pa. R. 14 ; Sander's Heirs v. Norton, 4 Monroe, 474.
Upon a review of the cases, it appears that there is no general
rule in computing time from an act done or an event, or from a date or the day of the date, that the day is to be inclusive or exclusive; but, according to the adjudged cases, whether the day in either case is to be included or excluded, depends upon the reason of the thing, the subject-matter, and the context.

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

161

Griffith et al. v. Bogert et al.

But the title of a bond fide purchaser, at judicial sales, is not affected by any irregularities in the proceedings of the officer, or in the process under which he sold; therefore, if the eighteen months limited by the statute had not expired at the time of the sale, under which the defendants hold, the sheriff's deed would not, on that account, be void; at most, it would be voidable, and could be impeached only in a direct proceeding, and not in a collateral action. All that is necessary to support the title of a purchaser in an action of ejectment, is the judgment, execution, levy, and sheriff's deed. Jackson v. Steinburg, 1 J. C.153; Jackson v. Bartlett, 8 J. R. 361; Jackson v. Rosevelt, 13 J. R. 97; Same v. Delaney, 13 J. R. 535; Same v. Robbins, 16 J. R.
537; Brown v. Miller, 3 J. J. Marsh, 439; Lawrence v. Sheed, 2 Bibb, 401; Webber v. Stith & Cox, 6 Monroe, 101; Day v. Graham, 1 Gel. (6 Ill.) R. 435 ; Swigart v. Harber, 4 Scam, 364 ; Ware v. Bradford, 2 Al. R. 676; 19 do. 132; State Bank v.
Noland, 13 Ark. R. 299 ; Newton v. State Bank, 14 Ark. R.- 9; Byers v. Fowler, 12 Ark. 218; Wheaton v. Sexton, 4 Wheat. 506; Hart v. Rector, 7. Mo. R. 531; Reed v. Heirs of Austin, 9
Mo. R. 722; Landes v. Perkins, 12 Mo. R. 254; Draper v. Bry-
son, 17 Mo. R. 71; Carson v. Walker, 16 Mo. R. 68; Robinett
v. Compton, 2 La. An. R. 856.
All the questions now raised were before the court, which was a court of competent jurisdiction, and its acts cannot now be impeached. 1 Baldwin, 246; 1 Serg. & Rawle, 101; 8 Serg. & Rawle, 397; 2 Pet. 257; 10 Pet. 473; 2 How. 343.

Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court.
The plaintirs claim the land which is the subject of controversy in this suit, as heirs of Isaac W. Griffith, who died seised of the same in 1819. His estate was insolvent. Judgments were obtained against his administrators in 1820, executions were issued thereon, and the property sold by the sheriff. The defendants
claim under the purchaser at this sale. On the trial, the court below instructed the jury "that the
sheriff's deed, read in evidence under the judgments and executions also in evidence, was effectual to devest the title of the heirs
of Isaac H. Griffith to the land mentioned in said deed." It is admitted, that in the State of Missouri the lands of a
deceased debtor may be taken in execution, and sold by the sheriff, in satisfaction of a judgment against the administrator.
And also that such deed vests in the purchaser all the estate and interest which the deceased had in the property at the time of his death. But it is alleged that this sale is "without authority
of laW and void," because the execution was issued and sale made before the time limited for stay of execution against the
14*

162

SUPREME COURT.

Griffith et al. v. Bogert et al.

real estate of a decedent. The law and the facts, on which this objection to.the validity of the sale is founded, are as follows: -
By an act of 1817,it is provided that "all lands, tenements,
and hereditaments shall be liable to be seized or sold upon judgment and execution obtained against the defendant or defendants, in full life, or against his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, after the decease of the testate, or intestate; provided no such land, tenements, or hereditaments shall be seized and sold until after the expiration of eighteen months from the death of such ancestor, or the date of the letters testamentary or letters of administration, and execution may issue against such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, after the death, testate or intestate, and after the time aforesaid, in the same manner as if such person were living."
The letters of administration on the estate of Griffith are dated on the 1st of November, 1819. The sale was made by the sheriff on the 1st of May, 1821, on executions previously
issued. It is contended that the term of eighteen months from the 1st
of November, 1819, had not expired on the 1st of May, 1821, and consequently the sale was without authority of law,
and void. But we are of opinion that the assumption on which this in-
ference is based is not correct; nor the inference correct, if the
assumption were granted. If the day on which the letters of administration be counted
in the calculation, the term of eighteen months had "expired" on the 1st of May, 1821.
Whether the terminus a quo should be so included, it must be admitted, has been a vexed question for many centuries, both among learned doctors of the civil law and the courts of England and this country. It has been termed by a writer on civil law (Tiraqueau) the controversiacontroversissima.
In common and popular usage, the day a quo has always been
included, and such has been the general rule both of the Roman and common law. The latter admits no fractions of a day; the former, in some instances, as in cases of minority, calculated de mnomento en momentum. The result of this subdivision was to comprehend a part of the terminus a quo. But in cases where
fractions of a day were not admitted, as in those of usucaption or prescription, a possession commencing on the 1st of January, and ending on the 31st of December, was counted a full year. It was in consequence of the uncertainty introduced on this
subject by the disquisitions and disputes of learned professors, that Gregory IX., in his decretals, introduced the phrase of "a year and a day," in order to remove the doubts thus created, as

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

163

Griffith et al. v. Bogert et al.

to whether the dies a quo should be included in the term. It thus maintained the correctness of the common usage, while it satisfied the doubts of the doctors.
The earlier cases at common law show the adoption of the popular usage as the general rule, but nany exceptions were introduced in its application to leases, limitations, &c., where a forfeiture would ensue. But the cases are conflicting, and have established no fixed rule as to such exceptions. - Lord Mansfield reviews the cases before his time, in Pugh v. Leeds, Cowp. 714, and comes to the conclusion "that the cases for two hundred years had only served to embarrass a point which a plain man
of common sense and understanding would have no difficulty in construing."
The rule he lays clovn in that case is, "1that courts of justice ought to construe the words of parties so as to effectuate their deeds and not destroy them; and that, 'from' the date, may in vulgar use, and even in strict propriety of language, mean eitlher inclusive or exclusive."
It would be tedious and unprofitable to attempt a review of the very numerous modern decisions, or to lay down any rules applicable to all cases. Every case must depend on its own
circumstances. Where the construction of the language of a statute is doubtful, courts will always prefer that which will confirm rather than destroy any bond fde transaction or title. The intention and policy of the enactment should be sought for and carried out. Courts should never indulge in nice grammatical criticism of prepositions or conjunctions, in order to destroy rights honestly acquired.
In the present case there is no reason for departing from the
general rule and popular usage of treating the day from which the term is to be calculated, or "'terminusa quo," as inclusive. The object of the legislature was to give a stay of execution for eighteen months, in order that the administrator might have an opportunity of collecting the assets of the deceased and applying them to the discharge of his debts. The day on which the letters issue may be used for this purpose as effectually as any other in the year. The rights of the creditor to execution are
restrained by the act, for the benefit of the debtor's estate. The administrator has had the number of days allowed to him by the statute to collect his assets and pay the debts. The construction which would exclude the day of the date is invoked, not to avoid a forfeiture or confirm a title, but to destroy one, obtained by a purchaser in good faith under the sanction of a public
judicial sale. If the statute in question were one of limitation, whereby the
remedy of the creditor would have been lost, unless execution

164

SUPREME COURT.

Griffith et al. v. Bogert et al.

had issued and sale been made within the eighteen months, probably a different construction might have prevailed. Yet, even in such a case, the precedents conflict. (See Cornell v. Moulton, 3 Denio, 12; and Presbury v. Williams, 15 Mass. 193.)
But, if the correct application of the rule to the present case were doubtful, the fact that this question was raised and decided by the court between the parties to the judgment, and that the
court after considering the question, ordered the sale to be made on the 1st of May, would be conclusive, not only as res judicata inter partes, but as evidence of the received construction by the courts of Missouri, which it would be an abuse of judicial discretion now to overturn.
Finally, there is another view of this case which is conclusive, as regards this and all other objections taken by the counsel to the validity of the sheriff's deed. It is the well-known and established rule of law in Missouri and elsewhere, that a judicial sale and title acquired under the proceedings of a court of com-
petent jurisdiction cannot be questioned collaterally, except in case of fraud, in which the purchaser was a participant. (See Grignon v. Astor, 2 How. 319.) The cases -of Reed v. Austin, 9 Mo. R. '72; of Landes v. Perkins, 12 Mo. 239; Carson v. Walker, 16 Mo. 68, and Draper v. Bryson, 17 Mo. 71, show that this principle of the common law is the received and estab-
lished doctrine of the courts of Missouri. The sheriff's deed in the present case is founded on a regular
judgment in a court of competent jurisdiction, and an execution
on said judgment issued by authority of the court, and levied on property subject by law to be taken and sold to satisfy the judgment. The writ authorized the sheriff to sell; a sale was made in pursuance thereof by the sheriff, and a deed executed to the purchaser, which was afterwards acknowledged in open court according to law. At this time, all parties interested could and would have been heard to allege any irregularity in the proceedings that would justify the court in setting it aside. The objections to this sale do not reach the power of the court, or the authority of the sheriff to sell. The issuing of an execution on a judgment before the stay of execution has elapsed, or after a year and day without reviving the judgment, the want of proper advertisements by the sheriff, and other like irregularities, may be sufficient ground for setting aside the execution or sale, on motion of a party to the suit, or any one interested in the proceedings; but when the objections are waived by them, and the judicial sale founded on these proceedings is confirmed by the
court, it would be injurious to the peace of the community and the security of titles to permit such objections to the title to be heard in a collateral action.

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

165

Little et al. v. Hall et al.

On every view of the case, we are of opinion that the title of the purchaser is protected by the established rules of law, and that there was no error in the instructions given to the jury by the court below.
The judgment of the circuit court is therefore affirmed.

EDWIN C. LITTLE AND OLIVER SCOVILL, APPELLANTS, W. H LL, ANTHONY GOULD, DAVID BANKS, WIIMA AND DAVID BANKS, JR.

v. LEvi GOULD,

On the 27th of December, 1847, George F. Comstock was appointed state reporter, under a statute of the State of New York, which office he held until the 27th of
December, 1851. During his term of office, viz. in 1850, he, in conjunction with the comptroller and
secretary of the State, acting under the authority of a statute, made an agreement with certain persons, that for five years to come they should have the publication of the decisions of the court of appeals and the exclusive benefit of the copyright. At the expiration of Mr. Comstock's term, viz. on the 27th of December, 1851, he had in his possession sundry manuscript notes, and the decisions made at the ensuing January term were also placed in his hands to be reported. Out of these materials he made a volume, and sold it upon his own private account.
Whatever remedy the first assignees may have had against 31r. Comstock individually, they are not to be considered as the legal owners of the manuscript, under the copyright act of congress, and are not entitled to an injunction to prevent the publication and sale of the volume.

Tins was an appeal from the circuit court of the United States for the northern district of New York.
The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
It was argued by fr. Seward, for the plaintiffs in error, and Mr. Haven, for the defendants.
31r. Seward made the following points : 1. Comstock, by accepting the office of state reporter, and acting under it, and by uniting with the secretary of state and comptroller in the contract with the appellants of April 20, 1850, must be deemed to have accepted the terms and conditions of the act of April 11, 1848, and of ipril 9, 1850. And those statutes operated, by reason of such acquiescence on his part, to vest in the State of New York all the interest and right which he might have, as author, in any reports of decisions of the court of appeals which should be prepared by him as reporter; and the State became the absolute owner thereof. 2. By the contract made by tie state reporter, the secretary of state, and the comptroller, on behalf of the State, with the appellants, the interest of the State in all matter constituting the reports to be made by Comstock, as reporter, was equitably

202

SUPREME COURT.

Abbott et ux. v. Essex Company.

The case of Forgay et al. v. Conrad, 6 How. 201, was an appeal from an interlocutory decree, which was sustained, though objected to. But this deoision was made under the peculiar circumstances of that case. The decree was, that certain deeds should be set aside as fraudulent and void; that certain'lands and slaves should be delivered up to the complainant; that one
of the defendants should pay a certain sum of money to the complainant; that the complainant should have execution for these several matters; that the master should take an account of the profits of the lands and slaves, and also an account of certain money and notes, and then said decree concluded as
follows, viz.: "And so much of said bill as contains or relates to matters hereby referred to the master for a report, is retained
for further decree in the premises," &c. It will be observed, that two deeds for lots in New Orleans
were declared to be null and void, and certain slaves owned by Forgay, one of the appellants, were directed to be sold on execution, as also the real estate and the proceeds distributed among the bankrupt's creditors; and if the defendants principally interested could not take an appeal until the return of the master,
their property, under the decree, would have been disposed of beyond the reach of the appellate court, so that an appeal would
be useless. This was the principal ground on which the appeal was sustained, although it was stated that this part of the decree
was final. The court say: "The decree upon these matters might and
ought to have awaited the master's report; and when the accounts were before the court, then every matter in dispute might have been adjudicated in one final decree ; and if either party thought himself aggrieved, the whole matter would be brought here and decided in one appeal, and the object and policy of the
acts of congress upon this subject carried into effect." The decree before us is not final, consequently it must be dis-
missed.

JAMES A. ABBOTT AND HANNAH K., ms WIFE, DMIANDANTS AND PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, v. THE ESSEX COmPANY, TENANTS.
The following clause in a will, namely: "I give to my two sons, viz. John and Jacob, all my lands, &c., live stock, &c., tools, &c., bonds, &c., to be equally divided between them, and the executor is ordered to pay debts out of that part of the estate. Item. -It is my will that if either of my said sons, John and Jacob, should happen to die without any lawful heirs of their own, then the share of him who may tirst decease shall accrue to the other survivor and his heirs," gave an estate in fee simple to John and Jacob, and the share of the one who first died without issue passe over to the other son by way of executory devise.

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

203

Abbott et ux. v. Essex Company.

THIS case was brought up by writ of error from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Massachusetts.
The part of the will which gave rise to-the question is stated in the opinion of the court.
It was admitted by the parties that said testator died in the
year 1775; that his will was duly proved August 5, 1776 ; that his two sons, John Kittredge and Jacob Kittredge, survived him; that said John Kittredge died in the year 1826, never having been married ; that said Jacob Kittredge died in the lifetime of his brother John, on July 15, 1807, leaving the following children, namely: John Kittredge, his oldest child, who died, with-
out ever having had issue, on the 10th of January, 1823; Jacob Kittredge, his next oldest child, who died December 18, 1831,
having had issue one child, who is the demandant, Hannah Kit-
tredge Abbott; Thomas W. Kittredge, his next child, who is now alive; Hannah Kittredge, his next child, who died intestate
on the 28th of October, 1815, never having had issue; George W. Kittredge, his next child, who died July 4, 1836, intestate, having had issue one child, Jacob Kittredge, who is now alive; and William H. Kittredge, his last child, who died -intestate on the 1st of October, 1849, never having had issue. The marriage
of the demandants was also admitted, and that the surviving son of Jacob Kittredge, the devisee named in said will, and also his surviving grandchild, had, before the commencement of the suit, released and conveyed to demandants all their interest and ItitlTehien tdheemdaenmdaanntdsedthperreemupisoens. submitted, and requested the judge to instruct the jury, that, by the said will of John Kit-
tredge, his two sons John and Jacob, therein named, took and became seised as to the real estate therein devised to them in
equal moieties of an estate tail general, with cross remainder in fee-simple, it being material and necessary, to enable the de-
mandants to maintain the issue on their part, to prove that estates tail as aforesaid were so devised by the said will. But the judge refused so to instruct the jury, but did instruct them that, under said will, the testator's said sons, John Kittredge and Jacob Kittredge, took and became seised of an estate in fee simple, and that the share of the one of the said sons who should first die without issue in the lifetime of the other of said sons,
would in that event go over to said other son by way of executory devise.
A writ of error brought up this ruling fdr review.

The case was argued by Hr. Abbott and Mr. F-essenden, for the plaintiffs in error, and r2..9ferwin an'd Mr. Loring, for the defendants.

204

SUPREME COURT.

Abbott et ux. v. Essex Company.

The points made by the counsel for the plaintiffs in error
were the following, namely:The plaintiffs in error claim that the estate which the two
sons, John and Jacob, took under this will were estates in fee tail general, with cross remainders in fee-simple.

Rule of Interpretation.
The rule by which this court is to be governed, in the interpretation of this will, is the rule of law which has been established by the highest judicial tribunal of the State or district in which the land lies, or the suit originated. Hinde v. Yattier, 5 Pet. U. S. Rep. 897; Jackson v. Chew, 12 Wheat. 158; Bank of the United States v. Daniels, 12 Pet. 83; Webster v. Cooper, 14 How. 488.
Propositions.
1. The testator, by the first clause in the will, gave to John and Jacob an estate for life only; and, although he directed the executor, John, to see that the debts and legacies were paid out of that part of the estate given to John and Jacob, this was a charge upon the estate or fund given to John and Jacob, and not upon the sole executor personally; and therefore the charge does not enlarge the estate for life to an estate in fee-simple. 2 Jarman on Wills, 126, and note; Denn v. Slater, 5 D. & E. 335; Doe v. Owens, 1 Barn. & Adolph. 318; Denn v. Afellor, 5 D. & E. 558; Clark v. Clark, 1 Crompt. & Mees. 39; Lithgow v. Kavanagh, 9 Mass. 161; Cook v. Holmes, 11 Mass. 528; Wait v. Belding, 24 Pick. 129; Parker v. Parker, 5 Met. 134; Gardner v. Gardner, 3 Mason, 209; Legh v. Warrington, 1 Br. Parl. C. 511; Williams v. Chitty, 3 Ves. jr. 552 ; Nfiles v. Leigh, 1 Atk. 573.
2. Having given each of his two sons an estate for life, the next item in the will (namely, the proviso "that if either of said sons, John or Jacob, should happen to die without any lawful heirs of their own ") enlarges the estate for life to an estate tail in each of the two sons ; and, by the use of such language, the testator intended an indefinite failure of issue. Purefoy v. Rogers, 2 Saunders, 380; Sonday's Case, 9 Coke, 127 ; King v. Rumball, Cro. Jac. 448; Chaddock v. Crowley, Cro. Jac. 695 ; Holmes v. Mleynel, T. Ray. 452; Forth v. Chapman, 1 P. Will. 663 ; Brice v. Smith, Willes's Rep. 1 ; Hope v, Taylor, 1 Burr, 268; Doe v. Fonnereau, Doug. 504; Denn v. Slater, 5 Term
Rep. 335 ; Doe v. Rivers, 7 Ibid. 276; Doe v. Ellis, 9 East, 382; Goodridge v. Goodridge, 7 Mod. 453; Tenney v. Agar, 12 East, 253 ; Kirkpatrick v. Kirkpatrick, 13 Ves. jr. 476; Barlow v. Slater, 17 Ves. 479; Roliaily v. James, 6 Taunt. 263 ; Atkinson v. Hutchinson, 3.P. Will. 258; Sheffield v. Orrery, 3 Atk. 282;

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

205

Abbott et ux. v. Essex Company.

Lampley v. Blower, Ibid. 896; Shepperd v. Lessingham, Amb.

122; Gordon v. Adolphus, 3 Bro. P. C. 806; Geering v. Shen-

ton, Cowper, 410 ; Peake v. Pegden, 2 T. R. 720 ; Cadogan v.

Ewart, 7 Ad. & E. 636; Walter v. Drew, Com. Rep. 292; Dan-

soy v. Griffiths, 4 M. & S. 61; Wallers v. Andrews, 2 Bing. 196;

Crooke v. De Vandes, 9 Ves. 197; Elton v. Eason, 19 Yes. 77;

Todd v. Duesbury, 8 M. & W. 514; Sampson v. Sampson, 4

N. C. 383; 2 Fearne, Ex. Dev. 5 Ed. 200; Bamford v. Lord, 14

Com. Bench, 707; Newton v. Griffiths, 1 Har. & Gill. 111; Bells

v. Gillespie, 5 Rand, 273 ; Broaddus v. Turner, Ibid. 808 ; Syd-

nor v. Sydnor, 2 Munf. 268; Cruger v. Hayward, 2 Dessaus, 94;

Erwin v. Dunwood, 17 Serg. & Rawle, 61; Caskey v. Brewer,

Ibid. 441; Heffer v. Knepper, 6 Watts, 18; Patterson v. Ellis,

11 Wend. 259; Hunter v. Haynes, 1 Wash. 71; Lillebridge v.

Adie, 1 Mason, 285; Dallam v. Dallam, 7 Harr. & John. 220;

Eichelberger v. Barnitz, 9 Watts, 447; Waples v. Harmon, 1

Earring. 223 ; Jiggetts v. Davis, I Leigh. 368.; Ide v. Ide, 5

Mass. 500; Hawley v. Northampton, 8 Mass. 8; Nightingale v.

Burrill, 15 Pick. 104; Adams v. Cruft, 14 Pick. 25; Parker v.

Parker, 5 Met. 134; Wight v. Thayer, 1 Gray, 286.

3. Where, by one clause in a will, an estate for life, or an es-

tate in fee-simple, is given by plain words, if it appear in other

parts of the will, by explanatory words or by implication, that

it was the intent of the testator in such devise that the issue

should take the estate in succession after him, then the life estate

is enlarged in the one case, and the estate in fee reduced in the

other, to an estate tail. Nightingale v. Burrill, 15 Pick. 104;

Parker v. Parker, 5 Met. 134.

4. The words "lawful heirs of their own," mean "heirs of

the body lawfully begotten" ; and in this will they are techni-

cal, and used as words of limitation, restraining the devise to a

certain class of heirs, namely, the heirs of the body of either John

or Jacob. See authorities under second proposition.

5. That the meaning and intention of the testator, by the use

of the words " first decease," was, the one that should so first

decease; namely, should first decease without heirs of the body

lawfully begotten.

6. The testator, by the use of the words " other survivor,"

meant and intended "other" simply, and thereby showed his

especial reference to the children or heirs of the body of either

of the devisecs; meaning and intending, if either left heirs of

the body at any time, they were to take their father's estate ac-

cording to the will of the testator. . 2 Jarman on Wills, 609,

735; Doe v. Wainewright, 5 Durn. & E. 427; Anderson v. Jack-

son, 16 Johns. 415; Cole v. Sewall, 2 Conn. & Law. 344; Aiton

v. Brooks, 7 Sim. 204; Harmon v. Dickinson, 1 Brown C. C. 82.

VOL. XV1II.

18

206

SUPREME COURT.

Abbott et ux. v. Essex Company.

7. In a devise of real and personal property, the law makes a distinction as to the two estates, in the construction of devisees; and, when technical language is used, the devisee takes an absolute estate in the personal, and a limited estate, or an estate tail, in the real property. Forth v. Chapman, 1 P. Will. 668; Barnford v. Lord, 14 Com. Bench, 707, in which all the English cases are collated; Hawley v. Northampton, 8 Mass. 3; Nightingale v. Burrill, 15 Pick. 104; Adams v. Cruft, 14 Pick. 25; Parker v.
Parker, 5 Mlet. 134. 8. The use of the word "estate" in the first clause, or in other
parts of the will, is not for any technical or specific purpose, but simply directory and descriptive. It was used to designate the fund only out of which the debts and legacies were to be paid.
Gardner v. Gardner, 3 Mason, 209, and other authorities cited under first proposition.
9. If the testator had not referred to John and Jacob any further than to have given them all his land, &c., to be equally divided between them, and directed John to see that the debts and legacies were paid, they might each have taken a fee-simple by implication; but, having controlled this intent by the proviso in the will, that if either should happen to die without heirs of
the body, this creates an estate tail in each son, with cross-remainders in fee-simple absolute. Parker v. Parker, 5 Met. 134; Bells v. Gillespie, 5 Rand. 273 ; Caskey v. Brewer, 17 Serg. &
Rawle, 441. 10. If the testator's sons, John and Jacob, took and became
seised of an estate in fee-simple, the share of him who should first die without issue would, in that event, go to the other, if living, by way of executory devise ; and if the other son was not living, it would go to his heirs.

Points of Defendants in Error.
The defendants submit, as the proper construction of this will, that it gave to the two sons a fee-simple conditional, with executory devises over, and not an estate tail general, with cross remainders in fee.
That each son took a fee-simple, upon this single contingency: that if the son who died first left no issue, then that his share was to pass to the surviving brother, by way of executory devise.
I. By the first clause, independent of that which devised the estate over, a fee-simple absolute was given to the two sons.
1. Although the devising clause contains no words of inheritance, yet it charges personally one of the devisees with the payment of debts and legacies, by reason of the estate devised, and

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

207

Abbott et ux. v. Essex Company.

therefore carries a fee by implication. Lithgow v. Kavenagh, 9 Mass. 165, 166; Wait v. Belding, 24 Pick. 139.
And as the intent of the testator is.clear, that both sons should take the same estate, if John, the executor, took a fee, then Jacob did also. Roe v. Dow, 8 M. & S. 518.
(a.) The direction to pay the debts and legacies out of the estate devised, creates a charge upon the devisee personally, as well as upon the estate. Doe v. Richardson, 3 Term R. 356; Doe v. Snelhing, 5 Ibid. 87; Spraker v. Van Alystyne, 18 Wend. 205; Gardner v. Gardner, 8 Mason, 178; 2 Jarman on Wills,
172. (b.) Moreover, the charge is here imposed "in consideration
of what is given the said sons," clearly importing that a personal
liability wasintended. (c.) The rule is the same, although the devisee charged is
named as executor. Goodtitle v. Maddern, 4 East, 496; Doe v. Holmes, 8 Term R. 1; Doe v. Phillips, 3 B. & Adolph. 753; Dolton v.'Hewer, 6 Madd. Oh. R. 9; 2 Jarman on Wills, 172.
2. One of the legacies given is the maintenance of Sarah Dwinnel, a granddaughter, "out of that part of my estate I give to my sons, John and Jacob Kittredge, until she arrives to the ageIfolfifeeigehstteaetens yoenalrys."were(Rgeicvoernd, top.th6e.) two sons, then the man-
ifest intention of the testator might be defeated, by their dying before she reached that age.
3. The testator directs the legacies to be paid "out of that part of my estate I have given to my two sons."
It is well settled, that a devise of one's "estate" includes all the testator's interest in the subject devised; and this is true,
although it is accompanied with words descriptive only of the corpus of the property. Godfrey v. Humphrey, 18 Pick. 537 ; Paris v. Miller, 5 M. & S. 408 ; Gardner v. Harding, 3 J. B.
Moore, 565; 2 Jarman on Wills, 181, 182. If then, this expression, "this part of my estate," &c., had
been used in the clause making the gift, it would clearly have
carried a fee. But the testator's intention to give a fee is a§ fairly inferable
from his subsequently describing what he has given, as "that part of my estate," &c., as if he had used those words in making
the gift. If the intention to give a fee appears from any part of the
will, a fee will pass. II. The next inquiry is, whether the fee-simple thus given is
reduced by the succeeding clause of the will, to an estate tail by implication: Item, "It is my will that if either of my said sons should happen to die without any lawful heirs of his own,

208

SUPREME COURT.

Abbott et ux. v. Essex Company.

then the share of him who may first decease shall accrue to the other survivor and his heirs."
This depends upon whether the testator has provided for a
definite or indefinite failure of issue. If he intended a failure of issue at the death of the first taker,
then the will gives a fee-simple conditional, and not an estate tail; and the limitation over, not being too remote, is good as an executory devise. Pells v. Brown, Cro. Jac. 590, and cases
cited post. The defendants contend that this is the proper construction
of the will. The demandants rely upon this rule of construction, namely,
that, in a devise, words referring to the death of a person without issue are construed to import an idefinite failtre of issue, instead of a failure at the death of such person. 2 Jarman on
Wills, 418. But this rule, taken with its proper qualifications, will not jus-
tify the construction which the demandants seek to giv this will. This involves, -
1. A brief examination of the rule itself, and of some of its
established qualifications. 2. The inquiry, what, if any, is the rule of construction as
settled in Massachusetts ; and how far it conforms to the rule as
established elsewhere. 3. A consideration of the provisions of this will, and the in
quiry whether, under the application of the rule thus ascertained, they do not plainly refer to a definite failure of issue'.
I. The rule itself is entirely artificial, giving an arbitrary meaning to certain forms of expression, as "dying without issue," and the like. Its application, therefore, should be limited to
these settled forms of expression. 2 Jarman on Wills, 418. 1. It is generally conceded that the rule violates the natural
meaning of language, and in most cases tends to defeat rather than to give effect to the intentions of testators. 2 Jarman on Wills, 418; Keily v. Fowler, Oh. J. Wilmot Notes, &c., 298; Hall v. Chaffee, 14 N. H. 216, and cases post.
Insomuch, thqt in England and several of the States, the rule has been abolished by express legislation. 1 Vict. c. 26, § 29; New York R. St.; Virginia, 1819; Miss. 1824; N. 0. 1827.
2. Its qualifications. A limitation "if T. died without issue, living his brother W., then to W." refers to a failure of issue at the death of T. Pells
v. Brown, Cro. Jac. 590. So also the words, if one die, "leaving no issue behind him,"
Porter v. Bradley, 3 Term R. 143; and, if one leave no issue, then life estates, " to the survivor or survivors." Roe v.. Jeffrey,
7 Term R. 585.

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

209

Abbott et ux. v. Essex Company.

The limitation, in bequests, " to the survivor," has been uniformly held in England to denote a definite failure of issue. Hughes v. Sayer, 1 P. Win. 534; Ranelagh v. Ranelagh, 2 M.
& K. 441; Radford v. Radford, 1 Keen, 486; Lewis on Perpetuities, 218.
Although it may not have been so held in reference to devisees of real estate. See Lewis on Perp. 221.
In the United States, it is settled by numerous authorities that a limitation, "to the survivor," imports a definite failure of issue, in gifts both of real and personal estate. Fosdick v. Cornell, 1 Johns. R. 440; Anderson v. Jackson, 16 Johns. 382; Jackson v. Chew, 12 Wheat. 153; Wilkes v. Lyon, 2 Cowen, 333; Cutter v. Doughty, 23 Wend. 513; Dawson v. De Forest,
3 Sandf. Ch. R. 456; Heard v. Horton, 1 Denio, 165; Dew v. Schenk, 3 Hals. 29; Cordle v. Cordle, 6 Munf. 455; Rapp -v. Kapp, 6 Barr. 45; Johnson v. Currier, 10 Barr. 498; Morgan v. Morgan, 5 Day, 517; Couch v. Gorham, 1 Conn. 36.
II. The rule in Massachusetts is, that although a devise to one and his heirs, and if he die without issue, then to another, will create an estate tail, with remainder over, yet that this construction will be controlled by ojher words, showing that the testator referred to a failure at the death of the first taker. Hawley v. Northampton, 8 Mass. 41.
And in conformity with the American doctrine, it has been held, that a limitation to the survivor denotes a definite failure
of issue. Richardson v. Noyes, 2 Mass. 56. See Ide v. Ide et al. 5 Mass. 500.
The case of Parker v. Parker, 5 Met. 134, cannot be considered as having established a rule of construction which controls this
case, for these reasons. 12 Wheat. 153. 1. The construction of a will by a state court does not con-
stitute a rule of decision for this court, unless it has been long acquiesced in as a rule of real property. Lane et al. v. Vick et al. 3 How. 476; Comer v. Brown, 16 How. 354.
2. That decision was made on the ground that the testator
did not intend to givd more than an estate tail to the sons;
whereas, in this case, as already shown, the sons were intended to have a fee.
3. That decision was based upon erroneous principles, and is
obviously the result of inadvertence. . (a.) The rule of Purefroy r. Rogers, 2 Saund. 388, on which
the opinion was founded, is not a rule of construction, favoring the presumption that the particular estate is an estate tail, rather
than a fee-simple. See also Doe v. Morgan, 3 Term R. 763; Nightingale v. Burrill, 15 Pick. 111.
(b.) The opinion proceeded on the mistaken idea, that a limi-
18*

SUPREME COURT.
Abbott et ux. v. Essex Company.
tation over on the failure of issue, necessarily implied that the first taker was to have an estate tail, without referring to the decisive distinction, whether the limitation was upon a definite or indefiflite failure of issue. (p. 139.) But see Nightingale v. Burrill, 15 Pick. 113.
(c.) The conclusion, that the will created an estate tail, was entirely inconsisteht with what the court had previously declared, p. 137, to be "the manifest object of the testator"; and that was, to give a fee-simple conditional.
4. That decision cannot control the construction of this will, because the single question upon which this depends was neither passed upon nor adverted to; namely, whether a definite or indefinite failure of issue was intended.
If it had been, it is utterly improbable that the court would have come to the result they did; for it is undoubted law everywhere, that a limitation over upon the first taker's dying without issue, and under twenty-one years of age, is clearly upon a definite failure of issue. Pells v. Brown, Cro. Jac. 5.90; Glover . Monckton, 8 Bingh. 18; Doe v. Johnson, 16 L. & E. 550; Lippett v. Hopkins, 1 Gall. 454; Barnitz v. Casey, 7 Cranch, 456; Ray v. Enslin, 2 Mass. 554.
5. The provisions of the will in that case, and of the will in this are materially different.
III. This will provides for a definite failure of issue. 1. The language, "if either son should happen to die without heirs," denotes that the testator was contemplating a contingency which would occur, if at all, at the death of such son. 2. The limitation is "to the other survivor." According to the decision s.ura,a limitation to the "survivor" denotes a definite failure of issue. But here the limitation is "to the other survivor." The term survivor, as here employed, cannot be construed to mean "other"; for, as the term "other" is also used, such a construction would deprive "survivor" of all force. This language shows that the testator referred to the other, personally, as the survivor. 8. It is clear, that a fee-simple, and not an estate tail, is devised over, "to the survivor and his heirs." It is highly improbable that the testator intended, in the event of the limitation over taking effect, that the son should hold one half the estate in fee-simple, and the other in fee-tail. 4. It is "the share" of him who may die first, that is devised
over. (a.) The term "share," in a devise, denotes all one's interest,
and will pass a fee. Paris v. Miller, 5 M. & S. 408; Doe v. Bacon, 4 M. & S. 366.

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

211

Abbott et ux. v. Essex Company.

(b.) Here, a fee-simple is clearly devised over, and it is called "the share" of the first taker. This certainly implies that that
"share" was a fee-simple.
(c.) The true import of this language is,and the understanding of the testator undoubtedly was, that what is given over, (i. e. a fee-simple,) is just exactly what the first taker would
have held, had he not died without issue. 5. The devise includes both real and personal estate. (a.) It is very certain that the testator did not intend to limit
over the personal property, on an indefinite failure of issue, and from uniting the two in the same clause and in the same contingency, the inference is equally as strong as to the real estate. Porter v. Bradley, 3 Term R. 146, and Richardson v. Noyes, 2
Mass. 63, are direct authorities. (b.) A distinction has indeed been sometimes mada between
real and personal estate, but the soundness of this distinction is. denied by the weight of authority. Vide cases supra.
6. Lastly, it is the share of him "who may first decease" that is devised over.
(a.) This language cannot be taken literally, for then the share of the one dying first would go over, although he left issue.
(b.) Nor does it mean merely the share of him who may die
without issue; for this would disregard the plain provision of the will, that it must be the share of him who dies first.
(c.) The testator's meaning is clear; the share bf him "who may first decease " is devised over, "if he happens to die without lawful heirs," (i. e. issue;) but in no event is any other share devised over but his who may first decease.
These words, in connection with the fact that the limitation is to the survivor, demonstrate that the testator referred to the
period of the death of the first taker.

Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court. The questions submitted to our consideration in this case arise on the construction of the will of John Kittredge, deceased, and on the following devise to his sons: -
"Item. I give to my two sons, namely, John and Jacob Kit-
tredge, all my lands and buildings in Andover aforesaid, excepting the land I gave to my son Thomas aforesaid, which buildings consist of dwelling-houses, barns, corn-house, gristmill, and cider-mill, all of every denomination ; also, all my live
stock of cattle, horses, sheep and swine, and all my husbandry. utensils of every denomination, and all my tools that may be useful for tending the mills aforesaid; and also all my bonds and notes of hand and book accounts, together with what money I may leave at my decease; and my wearing apparel, I

212

SUPREME COURT.

Abbott et ux. v. Essex Company.

give the same to my said sons, John and Jacob Kittredge, to be equally divided between them; and in consideration of what I have given my said soils, John and Jacob Kittredge, the ex-
ecutor of this testament, hereinafter named, is hereby ordered to see that all my just debts and funeral charges, together with all the legacies in this will mentioned, be paid out of that part
of my estate I have given to my two sons, John and Jacob Kittredge, to whom I give each one bed and bedding.
"Item. It is my will, that if either of my said sons, namely,
John and Jacob Kittredge, should happen to die without any lawful heirs of their own, then the share of him who may first decease shall accrue to the other survivor and his heirs."
On the trial, the demandants requested the court to instruct the jury, "that John and Jacob took the real estate therein devised in .equal moieties of an estate tail general, with cross-
remainders in fee-simple." But the court. instructed the jury, "that the testator's said sons, John and Jacob, took an estate in fee-simple, and that the share of the one of the sons, who should first die without issue, in the lifetime of the other, should, in that event, go over to the other son, by way of executory de vise." To this instruction the plaintiffs excepted, and now con-
tend 1. That the testator, by the first clause of his will, gave to
John and Jacob an estate for life only. 2. That the next clause of the will enlarges the estate for life
to an estate-tail in each of the two sons, and, by the use of such language, the testator intended an indefinite failure of issue.
The defendants; on the contrary, maintain that, independent
of the last clause, by which the estate is given over, the sons took a fee-simple. And, secondly, that the clear intention of the testator is, that both real and personal estate should pass on a definite contingency, namely, the decease of one brother without issue in the lifetime of the other.
There is, perhaps, no point of testamentary construction which has undergone such frequent discussion, and is so fruitful in cases not easily reconciled, as that now brought under our consideration. This has arisen, in a great measure, from the discrepancy between the popular acceptation of the phrases, "if he die
without issue," "in default of issue," and similar expressions, from the established legal acceptation of them in courts of justice. It is often necessary to construe these expressions as conveying an estate tail by implication, in order to carry out the
evident general intent of the testator. Such is, or ought to be, the object of all rules of interpretation ; but court rules, however convenient in the disposition of cases where the intention is doubtful, cannot claim to be absolute or of universal application.

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

213

Abbott et ux. v. Essex Company.

Hence it has been said, "that courts have been astute to defeat the application of this rule of construction, harsh in itself, and often producing results contrary to the testator's intention." If wills were always drawn by counsel learned in the law, it would be highly proper that courts should rigidly adhere to precedents, because every such instrument might justly be presumed to have been drawn with reference to them. But, in a country where, from necessity or choice, every man acts as his own scrivener, his will is subject to be perverted by the application of rules of con-
struction of which he was wholly ignorant. The rule laid down in Purefoy v. Rogers, 2 Saund. 388, "that
where a contingency is limited to depend on an estate of free-
hold which is capable of supporting a remainder, it shall never be construed to be an executory devise," has been received and adopted in Massachusetts.
In England, and in some of the States here, it has been abolished by legislative interposition, as harsh and injuriouS. This rule, however, has never been construed, either in England or this country, to include cases where the title of the first taker is. a fee-simple, and the contingency is definite.
In the case of Pells v. Brown, Cro. Jac. 590, where there was a devise "to A in fee,'and, if he die without issue living, then C shall have the land," it was held to be an executory devise to C, on the contingency of A dying in the lifetime of C without issue. There is no necessary conflict between this case and that of Purefoy v. Rogers. It is true, also, that this rule has been applied where the first taker had an estate in fee; and it is con-
ceded, "that, unless there are expressions or circumstances from. which it can be collected that these words, ' without issue,' are used in a more confined sense, they are to have their legal sense
of an indefinite failure of issue" ; but whenever such "expressions or circumstances" show the intention of the testator that the estate is to go over only on a definite contingency, courts
will give effect to such intention. Notwithstanding the expressions in Plunket v. Holmes, Sid. 47, derogatory of the case of Pells v. Brown, it has always been considered "a leading case, and the foundation of this branch of the law." See Williams's
Saunders, 388, b, in note. In Porter v. Bradley, 3 T. R. 143, where lands were devised to
A and his heirs, and if he die leaving no issue behind him, then over, it was decided that the limitation over was good by way of executory devise; and Lord Kenyon acknowledges the case of Pells v. Brown to be "the foundation and mag,-¢ chartaof this branch of the law," deciding that the words, "leaving no issue behind him," showed clearly that the testator did not con-
template an indefinite failure of issue.

214

SUPREME COURT.

Abbott et ux. v. Essex Company.

In the case of Roe v. Jeffery, 7 T. R. 589, where the devise was to "A and his heirs, and in case he should depart this life and leave no issue, then to B, C, and D, and the survivor or survivors of them, share and share alike," it was held that the devise to B, G,and D was a good executory devise. In delivering the opinion of the court in that case, Lord Kenyon observes: "This is a question of construction, depending on the intention of the party; and nothing can be clearer than if an estate be given to A in fee, and by way of an executory devise, an estate be given over, which may take place within a life or lives in being, &c.,
the latter is good by way of executory devise. The question, therefore, in this and similar cases is, whether, from the whole context of the will, we can collect when an estate is given to A and his heirs forever, but if he die without issue, then over, the testator meant without issue living at the death of the first taker. The rule was settled as long ago as in the reign of James I., in the case of Pells v. Brown. That case has never been questioned or shaken, and is considered as a cardinal point on this head of the law."
Without referring to any more of the numerous English and American cases brought to our notice by the learned counsel, of like tenor, it will be sufficient to notice the case of Richardson v. Noyes, 2 Mass. 56. There the devise was "to my three sons, A, B, and C, all my other lands, &c.; also my will is, that if either of them should die without children, the survivor or survivors of them to hold the interest or share of each or any of them so dying without children as aforesaid" ; and it was held to pass an estate in fee-simple, determinable on the contingency of either of them dying without issue, and vesting by way of executory devise. See also the case of Ray v. Enslen, 2 Mass. 554. These cases fully adopt the principles of the English cases we have just referred to. The case of Parker v. Parker, 5 Mete. 134, has been quoted as containing a contrary doctrine; but it does not appear that the question of definite or indefinite failure of issue was made by the counsel or adverted to by the court in the decision.
Our inquiry must be, therefore, from an examination of the whole context of this will: -
1. Whether, independent of the second clause, by which the estate is limited over, the sons took an estate in fee-simple or only a life estate; and,
2. Whether he intended to give over the share of each son to the other, on the contingency of his death, without issue living at the thne of hi.- decease. or upon an indefinite failure of issue.
1. There are no words of ii.hritance, in thlfuirst clause of the devise, to .h.', and Jacob: but such words are not ah'-olutely

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

215

Abbo'tt et ux. v. Essex Company.

necessary in a will to the gift of a fee. The subject of this devise is described as "that part of my estate." The word "estate," or "that part of my estate," has always been construed to describe not only the land devised, but the whole interest of the
testator in the subject of the devise; thus, a devise of "my estate, consisting of thirty acres of land, situate, &c.," will carry a fee. Moreover, the legacy given for the maintenance of Sarah Devinny, "to be paid out of that part of my estate given to John and Jacob," would be defeated by their death before she arrived
at the age of eighteen, if the devise to them was a life estate only. The intention of a testator must be drawn from the whole context of his will. And it is not necessary to look alone at the words of the gift itself to ascertain the intention of the testator as to the quantum of the estate devised, if it can be gathered, from expressions used in any part of it, what he supposed or intended to be the nature and extent of it. It will not admit of a doubt, also, that the testator intended that both of his sons should have the same estate in the devised premises, which were
" to be equally divided between them." John is charged personally, in respect of the estate given him, with the payment of all the debts and legacies. The testator calls it the "consideration" to be paid for that part of his estate given to his two sons ;
and though John was appointed executor, whose duty it became, as such, to see to the payment of the debts and legacies, the charges are to be paid by him at all events out of the estate devised to him and Jacob, and not out of the rents and profits
only. By their acceptance of the devise, they became personally liable. In such cases, it is well settled that the devisee takes a
fee, without words of inheritance. On this point, therefore, we are of opinion that John and Jacob
each took a fee in their respective "share" or moiety of the estate devised to them.
2. It remains to consider the effect of the second clause of the
will, which is in these words: "It is my will, that, if either of my said sons, namely, John or Jacob, should happen to die without any lawful heirs of their own, then the share of him who may first decease shall accrue to the other survivor and his heirs."
Viewing this clause free from the confusion of mind produced by the numerous conflicting decisions of courts, and untrammelled by artificial rules of construction, we think that no two minds could differ as to the clear intention of the testator. By "lawful heirs of their own," he evidently meant lineal descend-
ants or "1issue."
The contingency contemplated is as definite as language can make it -" if either son should happen to die without heirs of their own during the life of the other."

216

SUPREMKE COURT.

Abbott et ux. v. Essex Company.

The person to take, on the happening of this contingency, is
precisely described - "the other survivor." It is true, that cases may be found which decide that the term "survivor" does not of itself necessarily import a definite failure of issue, and no doubt there are many cases where it would be necessary to dis-
regard the obvious import of this term, in order to carry out the general intent of a testator, otherwise apparent; but a large number of English, and nearly all the American, cases acknowl-
edge the force of this term as evidence of the testator's intending a definite contingency. The other words of this clause, con-
nected with it, clearly describe a definite contingency, and the individual who is to take on its happening: "the share of him
who shall first decease without heirs shall accrue to the other survivor"; -on the death of one, the other is to take-a definite
contingency and a definite individual. Again, it is the " share," or the estate previously given, not of
him who dies without issue, generally, but of him who may first
decease, that is given over to the other survivor. This "share" also consisted of personal and real property. As to the former, the testator could certainly not mean an indefinite failure of issue, yet both, personalty and realty, are within the same category, and, as one "share," they are subject to the same contin-
gency. It is said to be a rule of construction, that the words " dying without issue," will be construed to mean "an indefinite failure of issue" as to real estate; but with regard to personalty,
it shall be taken to mean "a failure at the death." There are
several cases to this effect. Lord Kenyon, in speaking of them in Roe v. Jeffrey, very justly remarks that "the distinction taken in Forth v. Chapman, 1 P. Wms. 663, that the very same words in a will should receive one construction when applied to one
portion of the devise, and another construction as applied to another, is not reconcilable with reason." Without making an array of cases, we may state that many of the English, and nearly all the American cases, seem to concur in the truth and
force of this observation; and consider a "share" of an estate, consisting of both realty and personalty, given over on a contin-
gency to the "survivor," as clear evidence that the testator did not intend an indefinite failure of issue. A rule of construction
which would give different meanings to the same words, in the same sentence, could only be tolerated where, from the whole
context of the will, it is evident that without such construction the general intent of the testator as to the disposition of his
realty would be frustrated. Lastly, construing this clause as providing for an indefinite
failure of issue, and as vesting each of the sons with an estate tail by implication, the survivor would take an estate in fee-

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

217

McLaughlin v. Swann et al.

simple in his brother's share, while he had an estate in tail in his
own; a result most improbable, which could hardly have been contemplated by the testator, and which ought not to be im-
puted to him without clear expressions indicating such an in-
tention. On the whole, we are of opinion that the instructions given
to the jury by the court below are correct, and that the judgment should be affirmed.

PATRICK MCLAUGHLIN, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. JAMES SWANN AND JOHN S. GiTTINGS, GARNISHEES OF THE CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL COMPANY.*
The attachment law of Maryland allows an attachment by way of execution to be issued upon a judgment and levied upon the credits (inter ala) of the defendant.
Where an attachment of this nature was laid in the hands of garnishees who were trustees, and it appeared that, after performing the trust, there was a balance in their hands due to the defendant, the attachment will bind this balance.
The defendant might have brought an action to recover it, and wherever he can do this, the fund is liable to be attached.
A bill filed in the court of chancery by another creditor against the garnishees and the defendant, filed after the laying of the attachment, and the opinion and decree of" the chancellor thereon, do not change the rights of the plaintiff in the attachment. The decree was passed without prejudice to his rights. If these things were made evidence by consent in the court below, it does not so appear in the bill of exceptions.
Whatever legal or equitable defences the garnishees might have set up in an action brought against them by the defendant to recover the balance in their hands, can be set up, by bill of interpleader or otherwise, against the plaintiff in the attachment.
The different modes of presenting these legal and equitable defences in different states referred to.
THis case was brought up by writ of error from the circuit court of the United States, for the District of Maryland.
The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
The instructions given by the circuit court to the jury, and which were excepted to by the plaintiff, were as follows: -
And the court directed the jury that the plaintiff was not entitled to recover, and their verdict must be for the defendants :
1. Because the rights of the parties claiming as cestui que trusts, under the deed of April 15, 1840, and the rights of those claiming an interest in the surplus after the cestui que trusts are satisfied, cannot be adjusted and determined in the proceeding

*Mr. Chief Justice TANEY was prevented by sickness from taking his seat on the

bench, at the present term, until the 4th of February, and was not present when this

case was argued and decided in this court.

VOL. xvIIL.

19

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

253

Shields v. Thomas et al.

for the contractor, according to the monthly estimates as the work progressed, and had finally dismissed him, so as to exclude his claim for the stock reserved when his contract had been fulfilled, there could have been no ground for affirming that a breach of the covenants had not been made by the corporation,
and that damages were not due.
There would have been no argument to support the allegation, that the contractor was a corporator to the extent of the stock which should have been reserved. But, as we interpret the declaration, its averments have this scope and operation.
It was the duty of the arbitrator to ascertain the truth of these
charges. They were the precise subject of the reference. The arbitrator has explained with clearness in his testimony his conclusion on the subject of this stock, that the contractor had no title to the shares; that is, that he had not been paid by the appropriation of so much reserved stock for his use. This con-
clusion of his is a final decision on the question, for this court cannot revise his mistakes, either of law or of fact, if such hiad been established. Burchell v. Marsh, 17 How. 344; Kleine v. Catara, 2 Gall. 61. The objections, we have noticed, include all that were insisted on in the argument.
The objection taken to the absence of an original writ, or to the supply of a copy, is not tenable. The original writ had fulfilled its function when the defendant had been brought into
court, and its loss did not affect the action of the plaintiff; and, it was a matter resting in the discretion of the court, upon ascer-
taining the defective state of the record, to supply the deficiency. Our conclusion is, there is no error in the record. Judgment affirmed.

Mr. Justice DANIEL dissented.

JOHN G. SHIELDS, APPELLANT, V. ISAAC THOiAS, AND MfARY, HIS
WIFE, NANCY PIRTLE, JOHN B. GOLDSBURY, THOM1AS STARES, AND ELIZABETH, HIS WIFE, AND JAMES PICKETT, AND ANN, HIS WIFE.

Where there was an administration upon the estate of an intestate in Kentucky, the surety in the administration bond and a portion of the distributees residing there, the court of that place had jurisdiction over the stibject-matter ; and where the principal defendant, although residing out of the State, voluntarily appeared and answered a bill filed against him, the jurisdiction of the court was complete, and it had a right to pass a decree in the premises.
If several claimants of portions of an estate unite in filing a bill, this does not make it multifarious. The authorities upon thi. subject examined.

VOL. XYII

2:i

254

SUPREME COURT.

Shields v. Thomas et al.

In this case, this court has already decided the point. See 17 How. 4, 5. The court in Kentucky having rendered a decree for the complainants, they had a
right to file a bill in Iowa, to enforce this decree.

THis was an appeal from the district court of the United States,
for the northern District of Iowa. The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
It was argued by iifr. Gillett, for the appellant, and 1ir. Platt Srith, for appellees.
KLr. Gillett made nine points. Those which are touched upon in the opinion of the court were the following: -
2. The bill is multifarious, and therefore bad. 1 Dan. Ch. Pr. 884; Cooper's Eq. Pl. 182 ; Mitford, 146-7; 8 Peters, 123.
7. A judgment against persons not within the jurisdiction of the court, and who were not served with process, and who did not appear to the action, is null and void.
If a court in one State can render effective judgments against persons in other States, who are neither served with process nor appear to the action, there will be no security for the citizen. The mere shadow of claims might ripen into valid judgments, without the defendant having an opportunity to defend. No authoritative court has ever held such judgments valid. The following cases are conclusive 'upon this point. Ewer v. Coffin, 1 Cushing, 24; Hickey v. Smith, 1 Eng. 456; 8 id. 318, 324; Woodruff v. Tdylor, 20 Vermont, 65; Davis v. Smith, 5 Geo. 274; Dunn v. Hall, 8 Blkf. 32, 335; 11 How. 165; 2 M'Leau 473; 3 J. J. Marshall, 600; 2 B. Monroe, 453; 3 B. Monroe, 218; 6 J. J. Marshall, 578; 8 B. Monroe, 137.
8. A judgment or decree void as to one or more of the parties is void as to all. 6 Pick. 232 ; 12 Johns, 434 ; 11 N. H. 299;
14 Ohio, 413. Upon the principal points in the case, Mr. Platt Sillh said: We take the ground that the court in Kentucky had jurisdic-
tion of the subject-matter, and of John G. Shields, and that consequently their decree cannot be inquired into, but full faith and credit are to be given to it, as is provided by the constitu tion and act of congress of the United States. Cons. U. S. art. 4, § 1 ; act con. 26th May, 1790; 1 U. S. Stat. at L., 122. That as to James Shields and Henry Yater, who were non residents, and proceeded against as such, the Kentucky decree would not be binding on them except in the State of Kentucky, for the courts of that State did not obtain jurisdiction over their persons. Story's Confl. of Laws, § 569; Williams v. Preston, 3 J. J. Marshall, 600; Cobb v. Haynes, 8 B. Monroe, 139. Still, that could not affect the validity of the decree as to John G. Siields, flor the court had jurisdiction of his person and of the

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

255

Shields v. Thomas et al.

subject-matter, namely, the settlement of the estate of John Goldsbury, deceased; consequently their judgment or decree is
not void, no matter whether it was right or wrong to join Henry Yater and James Shields in the rendition of the decree.
The present action is not multifarious. There is no mixture
of different claims. Although the decree is virtually several, yet it is in fact only one thing, and grows out of one subjectmatter; a trial of the question as to one complainant is a trial
as to the whole. The remedy at law is uncertain and would have caused a
multiplicity of suits, for each complainant would, at law, have
been obliged to bring a suit against John G. Shields; and to have sued at law would have raised the objection, first, that no action at law could be had on the decree of a court of equity; Hugh v. Higgs and wife, 8 Wheat. R. 697; Carpenter et al. v.
Thornton, 3 B. & Al. 52; Elliott v. Ray, 2 Blackf. R. 31; and second, if the whole had been attempted in one suit, that there
was no mutuality between the plaintiffs; Gould's P1. 197; 2 Saund. R. 117, n. 2; and, third, if there had been several suits, then, that several distinct actions could not be brought on one
decree.
The uncertainty, then, of an action or actions at law was sufficient ground for giving to a court of equity jurisdiction of the
case; Story's Eq. Pl. §473 ; and the avoidance of multiplicity of suits was another ground; 1 Story's Eq. Juris. § 64, k., also 67; Jesus College v. Bloom, 3 Atk. 263. -

Air. Justice DANIEL delivered the opinion of the court. Upon an appeal from a decree in chancery by the district court
of the northern district of Iowa. This case, although upon the record a good deal extended in
volume, is in effect narrowed to the questions of law arising upon
the pleadings.
The facts 'ofthe case, so far as a statement of these is necessary to an accurate comprehension of the legal questions discussed and decided, were as follows: In the year 1839, a portion of the appellees, as heirs and distributees of John Goldsbury, by their bill filed in the circuit court for Grayson county, in the
State of Kentucky, alleged that their ancestor died in Nelson county, in the State aforesaid, intestate, leaving a widow, Eleanor Goldsbury, and four children, - three daughters, Elizabeth, Nancy, and Mary, and one son, Benndtt Goldsbury, - all
these children infants at the time of their father's death. That John Goldsbury died possessed of one male and one female slave, and of other personal property, and perfectly free from debt. That the widow Eleanor Goldsbury, who was appointed

256

SUPREME COURT.

Shields v. Thomas et al.

the administratrix of her husband, and as such took possession of the estate within a year from the period of his death, intermarried with one James Shields, in conjunction with whom she had continued to hold the entire estate, and to apply it to
their exclusive use, without having made any settlement or distribution thereof. The bill further charged, that Shields and
wife, after enjoying the services and hires of the male slave for several years, had ultimately sold him, and that, in the year 1818, they removed from Kentucky to the State of Missouri,
carrying with them the female slave belonging to the estate of John Goldsbury, together with her descendants, seven in number, and of great value; that upon application to said Shields and wife, for a surrender of those slaves, and for an account of the estate of John Goldsbury, so possessed and used by them, this request was refused, and that, by a fraudulent confederacy between Shields and wife, and John G. Shields, their son, and
Henry Yates, their son-in-law, the slaves had by the son and
soi-in-law been secreted, carried off, and sold, in parts unknown to the complainants, and the other personal estate of John Goldsbury fraudulently disposed of in like manner. The bill also made defendants the representatives of the surety of Elea-
nor Goldsbury, in her bond given as administratrix of her first husband. The bill also made defendants, though not in an adversary interest, Isaac Thomas, and Mary, his wife, Elizabeth, John, and Ann Goldsbury, which said Elizabeth, John, and Ann are the infant children of Bennett Goldsbury, son of John Goldsbury, deceased.
After the filing of the bill in this case, it appearing to the satisfaction of the court that James Shields, and Eleanor, his wife, Elizabeth, John, and Ann Goldsbury, John Shields, and Henry Yates, were not inhabitants of the State of Kentucky, there was, on the 25th of December, 1839, under the authority of the statute of Kentucky with reference to absent defendants, issued by the court what is termed a warning order, by which the absent do fendants were required to appear at the next April term of the court, and answer the complainants' bill.
Afterwards, namely, on the 28th of April, 1840, the absent defendants still not appearing, under the like authority of the law of the State, the clerk of the court, by its order, filed on behalf of those defendants a traverse denying the allegations of the complainants' bill.
Subsequently to this proceeding, namely, on the 30th of Octo-
ber, 1841, the said John G. Shields filed his answer to the complainants' bill, thereby recognizing as to himself personally the jurisdiction of the court.
Upon these pleadings, the cause after an examination of wit-

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

257

Shields v. Thomas et al.

nesses, and upon a report of the master, came to a hearing
before the circuit court, and this tribunal decreed against the representative of the surety in the administration bond of Mrs. Goldsbury, (afterwards Mrs. Shields,) and against James Shields her husband, she having departed this life, John G. Shields, the son, and Henry Yates, the son-in-law, in favor of the heirs and distributees of John Goldsbury, the portions reported to be due to them respectively of the general effects of John Goldsbury, deceased, and of the values and hires of the slaves. Upon all appeal taken from this decree to the supreme court of Kentucky, it being the opinion of the latter that, under the circumstances, the surety in the administration bond should not be charged, and also that an amount equal to the price of the slave Mat, sold by the administratrix and her husband, and to the hires of the remaining slaves, had been properly applied to the dower of the widow and to the use of the heirs of John Goldsbury, it ordered the decree of the circuit court to be re-formed in conformity with the opinion of the supreme court. By a final decree of
the circuit court of Grayson county, made on the 28th day of
October, 1846, the bill as to the representative of the surety in the admtnistration bond was dismissed, and the defendants, James Shields, John G. Shields, and Henry Yates, and each of them, who had, by fraudulent combination, secreted and carried off, and disposed of the descendants of the female slave, originally the prolerty of John Goldsbury, were decreed and ordered to pay to the heirs of saiii John Goldsbury severally, the amounts ascertained to be due to them as their respective and separate portions of the value of the slaves thus fraudulently disposed of, without any allowance for the hires of those slaves.
To obtain the benefit of this last decree, the suit now before
us was instituted in the names of the appellees, Isaac Thomas and Mary, his wife, Uriah Pirtle and Nancy, his wife, citizens of the State of Kentucky, and John B. Goldsbury, a citizen of the State of Missouri, the said Mary Thomas, and Nancy Pirtle, and John B. Goldsbury, being heirs and distributees of John Goldsbury, deceased, against John G. Shields, a citizen of the State
of Iowa. The bill refers to the proceedings in the Kentucky suit, which proceedings are set forth in extenso as an exhibit in this cause; it further assigns as a reason for the non-joinder of a portion of the heirs of John Goldsbury as defendants, the fact that their residence precluded as to them the jurisdiction of the district court of Iowa. It sets out the sums of money severally and specifically decreed to the complainants by the circuit court of Grayson county, Kentucky, and prays that the defendant, John G. Shields, may be compelled to perform that decree by
22*

258

SUPREME COURT.

Shields v. Thomas et rl.

the payment to the complainants respectively the sums so awarded them, and concludes with a prayer for general relief.
By an amendment to the original bill in this case, the several heirs and distributees of John Goldsbury, residing in tile State of Missouri, beyond the jurisdiction of the district court of Iowa, and who, for that reason, were not made defendants by the original bill, were admitted as complainants in this suit, and united in the prayer for enforcing the decree in their favor, as
rendered by tile circuit court of Grayson county, Kentucky. To the original and amended bills in this case, the defendant,
John G. Shields, interposed a demurrer, which having been overruled, and the demurrant abiding by his demurrer, and declining to answer over, the district court for the district of Iowa, on the 17th day of January, 1854, adjudged and decreed to the complainants the sums respectively awarded to them by the circuit court of Grayson county, Kentucky, as against the defendant, John G. Shields, with interest upon those several sums from the 28th day of October, 1846, the date of the decree in the
circuit court. Upon an appeal from the district court of Iowa, several points
arising upon the demurrer, and discussed and adjudged by that court, are presented for consideration here. Amongst the objections insisted upon, that which stands first in the natural order, is the alleged want of jurisdiction in the circuit court of Ken-
tucky, either over the subject-matter or the parties embraced in the proceedings in that court.
In this objection no force is perceived. The subject-matter
of the suit was the settlement of the estate of an intestate who lived and died within the limits of the court's authority, within
which limits the qualification of the administratrix of the intestate, the appraisement of his estate, and the recording of that appraisement had taken place; within which also was the residence of the surety in the administration bond, and of a portion of the distributees -both plaintiffs and defendants asserting be-
fore that court their interest in the estate. The court, as one vested with general equity powers, could act either in personant
or in rem, as to persons or property within the State. Under the laws and the practice in the State of Kentucky,
already referred to, proceedings are authorized and prescribed in suits in equity against absent defendants; which proceedings, when regularly observed, are held within the State to be binding absolutely. With respect to absent defendants, such proceedings
could be considered as binding beyond the limits of the State in instances only in which those defendants should have been legally and personally served with process, or in which they
should have voluntarily submitted themselves as parties. In the

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

259

Shields v. Thomas et al.

suit in the state court, the subject-matter of the controversy, as well as a portion of the parties, both plaintiffs and defendants, being confessedly within its cognizance, no ground for exception to the jurisdiction could exist as to these. The defendant, John G. Shields, when he voluntarily entered his appearance, arid answered the bill, placed himself in the same predicament with the other parties regularly before the court, and could not afterwards except to the jurisdiction upon the ground of his nonresidence. The decree, therefore, so far as this exception is designed to affect it, cannot be impeached.
The objection which seems to follow next in order, is* one
levelled at the frame of the bill in the district court of the United States, irrespective of the justice or regularity of the proceed-
ings in the state court. This objection is, that the bill filed in the district court of Iowa, is multifarious, by embracing in one
suit interests and causes of action in themselves separate and disconnected, and therefore such as it was improper to include
in one bill.
There is, perhaps, no rule established for the conducting of equity pleadings, with reference to which (whilst as a rule it is universally admitted) there has existed less of certainty and uniformity in application, than has attended this relating to multifariousness. This effect, flowing, perhaps inevitably, from the variety of modes and degrees of right and interest entering into the transactions of life, seems to have led to a conclusion rendering the rule almost as much an exception as a rule, and that conclusion is, that each case must be determined by its peculiar features. Thus Daniel, in his work on Chancery Practice, vol. 1, p. 384, quoting from Lord Cottenham, says: "It is impossible, upon the authorities, to lay down any rule or abstract proposition, as to what constitutes multifariousness, which can be made universally applicable. The cases upon the subject are
extremely various, and the court, in deciding upon them, seems to have considered what was convenient in particular cases,
rather than to have attempted to lay down an absolute rule. The only way of reconciling the authorities upon the subject is,
by adverting to the fact that, although the books speak generally
of demurrers for multifariousness, yet in truth such demurrers may be divided into two distinct kinds. Frequently, the objec-
tion raised, though termed multifariousness, is in fact more properly misjoinder; that is to say, the cases or claims united in the bill are of so different a character that the court will not
permit them to be litigated in one record. But what is more thniliarly understood by the term multifariousness, as applied to a bill, is, where a party is able to say, he is brought as a defendant upon a record, with a large portion of which, and of the
case made by which, he has no connection whatever."

260

SUPREME COURT.

Shields v. Thomas et al.

Justice Story, in his compilation upon equity pleading, defines multifariousness in a bill to mean, "the improperly joining in one bill distinct and independent matters, and thereby confounding them." And the example by which ie illustrates his definition is thus given: "The uniting in one bill several matters
perfectly distinct and unconnected against one defendant, or the demand of several matters of a distinct and independent nature, against several defendants in the same bill." Sir Thomas Plumer,
V. C., in allowing a demurrer which had been interposed by one of several defendants to a bill on the ground that it was multifarious, remarks, that "the court is always averse to multiplicity of suits, but certainly a defendant has the right to insist that he is not bound to answer a bill containing several distinct and
separate matters relating to individuals with whom he has no connection." Brooks v. Lord Whitworth, 1 Aad. Oh. R. 57.
Justice Story closes his review of the authorities upon this defect in a bill with the following remark: "The conclusion to which a close survey of all the authorities will conduct us seems to be, that there is not any positive inflexible rule as to what, in the sense of a court of equity, constitutes multifariousness, which is fatal to a suit on demurrer." To bring the present case to the standard of the principles above stated, the appellecs are seeking a subject their title to which is common to them all, founded in the relation they bear to a common ancestor. The different
portions or shares into which the subject may be divisible amongst themselves can have no effect upon the nature or character of their title derived as above mentioned; and which in its character is an unit, and cannot be objected to for inconsistency or diversity of any kind. They seek an account and the recovery of a subject claimed by their common title, or an equivalent for that subject, against persons charged with having by fraudulent combination withheld and diverted that subject, and who, by such combination and diversion, rendered themselves equally, jointly, and severally liable therefor. Upon the face of this statement it would be consistent neither with justice
nor- convenience, nor consistent with the practice, to turn tIe appellees round to an action or actions at law, for any aliquot parts of each upon a division of this subject claimed under their common title, and which aliquot portions would have to be ascur-
tained by an account which would not depend upon the question of liability of the defendants. The like principles and considerations would, in every case of equal responsibility in several persons, instead of ..inidemning, commend, and in a court of equity woul,l'oreihand, wherever practicable, a common proceedin g against all to whom suci responsibility extended.
But in truth, the hlit.-tion raised upon this point o, the de-

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

261

Shields v. Thomas et al.

murrer, seems to have been virtually, if not directly concluded by this court upon this very record. At the December term,
1854, of this court, a motion was made by a portion of the appellees to dismiss this appeal upon the following grounds: In the decree in favor of the distributees in Kentucky, the court
having designated the shares of the whole amount recovered, which would belong to each distributee, and the district court of Iowa having adopted the same rate of distribution in enforcing the decree of the Kentucky court, by, which rate it appeared that none of the distributable portions amounted to the sum of $2,000; those distributees, with the view, no doubt, of
hastening the termination of this controversy, and of obtaining immediately the benefit of the decree in their favor, moved this court for a dismission of this cause, upon the ground that the sum in controversy between the appellant and the persons sub-
mitting that motion was less than $ 2,000, and, therefore, insufficient to give this court jurisdiction. The chief justice, in the
opinion denying the motion to dismiss, uses this language: "The whole amount recovered against Shields in the proceeding in
Iowa exceeds $ 2,000, but the sum allotted to each representative who joined in the bill was less; and the motion is made to dismiss, upon the ground that the sum due to each complainant
is severally and specifically decreed to him; and that the amount thus decreed is the sum in controversy between each
representative and the appellant, and not the whole amount for which he has been held liable. But the court think the matter in controversy in the Kentucky court was the sum due to the
representatives of the deceased collectively, and not tie particular sum to which each was entitled when the amount due was distributed among them according to the laws of the State.
They all claimed under one and the same title. They had a common and undivided interest in the claim; and it was perfectly immaterial to the appellant how it was divided among them. He had no controversy with either of them on this point,
and if there was any difficulty as to the proportions in which
they were to share, the dispute was among themselves, and not with him." Vide 17 How. pp. 4, 5. This reasoning appears to
be conclusive against the defect of multifariousness imputed to
the claim of the appellees in this case; and we deem it equally so with respect to defendants sustaining an equal responsibility
deducible from one and the same source. The remaining objection arising upon the demurrer, which we
deem it necessary to consider, is that urged against the right of the appellees to institute proceedings in equity in the State of Iowa, to enforce the decree rendered in their favor by the court
in Kentucky. We can perceive no force in the effort to sustain

262

SUPREME COURT.

Shields v. Thomas et al.

this objection by citation of the 7th amendment of the Constitution of the United States, which provides, "that in suits at
common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved." This pro-
vision, correctly interpreted, cannot be made to embrace the established, exclusive jurisdiction of courts of equity, nor that which they have exercised as concurrent with courts of law; but should be understood as limited to rights and remedies peculiarly legal in their nature, and such as it was proper to assert in courts of law, and by the appropriate modes and pro-
ceedings of courts of law. With respect to the character and effects of decrees in chancery,
although they now rank in, dignity upon an equality with judgments at law, it is well known that they were once regarded as not being matters of record ; and that the final process incident to judgments at law was unknown to and not permitted in
courts of equity; that where such process has been permitted to them, it has been the result of statutory enactments. But the
extension to a court of equity of the power to avail itself of common-law process, cannot be regarded as implying any abridgment of the original constitutional powers or practice of the former; but as cumulative and ancillary, or as leaving those powers and that practice as they formerly existed, except as they should have been expressly restricted. Amongst the original and undoubted powers of a court of equity it that of entertaining a bill filed for enforcing and carrying into effect a decree of the same, or of a different court, as the exigencies of the case, or the interests of the parties may require. Vide Story's Equity Pleading, §§ 429, 430, 431, upon the authority
of Mitford, Eq. P1. 95, and of Cooper's Eq. P1. 98, 99. In the present case the appellees were, by the residence of the
appellant in a different State, cut off from the benefit of final process upon the decree of the state court, which process would not run beyond the territorial jurisdiction of the State. They were left, therefore, to the alternative of instituting either an action or actions at law upon the decree in their favor, or of filing a bill for enforcing and carrying into effect that decree.
Upon the former mode of proceeding, they would have been compelled to encounter circuity, and most probably the technical exceptions urged in argument here, founded upon the nature of the decree with respect to its unity or divisibility. The appellees have elected, as the remedy most beneficial for them, and as we think they had the right to do, the proceeding by bill in
equity, to carry into execution the decree of the state court. We can perceive no just exception to the jurisdiction of the district court of Iowa in entertaining the bill of the appellants,

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

263

Orton v. Smith.

nor to the measure of relief decreed, nor with respect to the party against whom that relief has been granted. We therefore order that the decree of the district court of Iowa be
affirmed.

JOHN J. ORTON, APPELLANT, V. GEORGE SMITH.
Those only who have a clear, legal, and equitable title to land, connected with possession, have a right to claim the interference of a court of equity, to give them peace or dissipate a cloud on the title.
Therefore, where the complainant was the volunteer purchaser of a litigious claim; was the assignee of a secret equity for apparently a mere nominal consideration, and of the bare legal title for a like consideration, and this legal title assigned to him during the pendency of a suit in chancery in a State court, to ascertain the person justly entitled to it, it was error in the court below to grant to such complainant a perpetual injunction.
The courts of the United States should not entertain a bill of peace upon a title in litigation in a state court.
THis was an appeal from the district court of the United States, for the district of Wisconsin.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
It was argued by Mr. Gillett and fr. yjnde, for the appellant, and .Mr. Brown, for the appellee. There was also a brief filed on the same side by 1r. Upham.
The points made by the counsel were so interwoven with the facts, that they cannot be presented abstractedly.
Mr. Justice GRIER delivered the opinion of the court. The bill, in this case, is in the nature of a "bill of peace," as authorized by the statutes of Wisconsin. Smith, the claimant below, claimed to be owner of certain lands, to which Orton claimed also to have some title. The bill prays an injunction against Orton, to prohibit him from setting up his claim, and thereby "casting a cloud" over the good legal title of complain-
alit.
The facts of the case are somewhat complex, and its merits will be better apprehended by a succinct history of them, as elicited from the pleadings and evidence.
Hubbard had settled in Wisconsin, having escaped from his creditors, with some pecuniary means, which he thought it prudent to conceal. Hence, though he speculated in the purchase and sale of lands, the title to them was held by friends. He had contracted to sell certain lots in Milwaukie to Schram.

470

SUPREME COURT.

Fouvergne et al. v. City of New Orleans et al.

be recalled at any time before carried into execution; and, until carried into execution, the complainant certainly could set up
no right under them, much less a right in disregard and defiance
of them. Even if the state .court had gone on and decreed against these defendants, and compelled a surrender of the note, or a delivery of the deed in the absence of the principals, it could not have extinguished the note, or have transferred the title to the land, as the decree could have had no binding effect upon them. Before the surrender could extinguish the note, or the delivery could have the effect to pass the estate in the land, the decree must operate upon the principals, the real parties in interest, and coerce them to make such surrender or delivery. The agents had no authority to represent them in the litigation.
Nor had they any interest of their own in the subject in controversy. This is not the case of a stakeholder, or holder of a deed as an esQrow, where a trust has been created by the parties which is sought to be enforced by one of them. In all such cases the trustee may be a proper party, as he has a duty to perform,
and which the court may enforce if improperly neglected or refused.
The above view applies with equal if not greater force to the
case of the attorneys. Even if there could be any doubt about the correctness of the
view above taken, after the real parties in interest appeared and took upon themselves the defence, the defendants, Stohl and Fos-
ter, and Hooper and Campbell, were no longer parties in interest, or necessary parties, as the possession of the note and of the deed by the agents and the attorneys, was, in judgment of law, the possession of the principals and clients, and any decree or injunction against them would bind the agents or attorneys. 6 Ves.
143; I Mer. 123; 1 Daniel's Pr. 343; 7 Hare, 428; Story Eq. P1. §§ 229, 231, 232.
We are satisfied that the decision of the court below was erroneous, and that the order remanding the cause to the state court must be reversed, and the cause restored to its place in the circuit court of the United States.

EuPHRosImN FOUVERGNE ET AL. APPELLANTS, v. THE MUNICIPALITY No. 2, OF THE CITY OF NEW ORLEANS ET AL.
Where a will was established in New Orleans, in 1792, by order of the alcalde, an officer who bad jurisdiction over the subject-matter, his decree must be considered as a judicial act, not now to be called into question.

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

471

Fouvergne et al. v. City of New Orleans et al.

The courts of the United States have no probate jurisdiction, and must receive the sen-
tences of the courts to which the jurisdiction over testamentary matters is committed, as conclusive of the validity and contents of a will. An original bill cannot be sustained upon an allegation that the probate of a will is contrary to law. Moreover, the fraud charged in this case, is not established by the evidence.

Tins was an appeal from the circuit court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana, sitting as a court of equity.
The principal circumstances of the case, which furnished the basis of the judgment of this court, are set forth in the opinion.
The entire case was one which covered a vast deal of ground. For the appellants there was a brief filed by Mr. S. Paul, of nearly 150 pages, which was adopted by Mr. Taylor, and one by Mr. Taylor himself, of the same size. On the part of the appellees, the brief of Mr. Janin was only 30 pages. These papers contained a vast deal of research into the civil law upon many points of the case which were not noticed in the opinion of the court, whose judgment rested upon a single point as disposing of the case. It is not necessary, therefore, to report them.
The case was argued by 3r. Taylor and 11r. Lewis for the appellants, and by M1'r. .Tanin, for the appellees.
Mr. Justice CAMPBELL delivered the opinion of the court. The plaintiff filed her bill in chancery to recover a share of the succession of Marie Josepha Deslondes, (wife of Bertrand Gravier,) who died at New Orleans, in November, 1792, without lincal heirs, she claiming to be one of the heirs at law of said decedent. After the death of his wife, Bertrand Gravier placed a petition before the first alcalde of New Orleans, stating that his wife had made a will before a notary and three assisting witnesses; that the testamentary dispositions, as set down, conformed to her instructions, and were given while she was of a: sound mind, but she had lost her consciousness before she had signed the paper; and prayed that the assisting witnesses might be examined to prove the will, and that the same might be declared valid in, all its parts, in the same manner as if she had signed'it. An order was made by the alcalde on this petition, with the approbation of the assessor of the intendancy, and the sanction of the governor and intendant-general, directing the notary to take the examination of the witnesses, as the petitioner had solicited. The witnesses, on their examination, testified that the notary had drawn the will in accordance with the directions of the testatrix, and they were given when her mind and memory were sound; but that before the formal writing was finished she had lost her consciousness, and did not therefore

472

SUPREME COURT.

Fouvergne et al. v. City of New Orleans et al.

sign the same. Upon the return -of the depositions to the alcalde, he entered the following decree:--

Decree.

Under advisement, [vistos.] The will, proved by a legalized

notarial act to have been made by Dona Maria Josefa Deslondes,

who was the lawful wife of Don Bertrand Gravier, is declared

valid and subsisting; let it be kept and executed in all its parts;

and in order that this declaration, relative to said will, may re-

main permanent, there shall be placed on the notarial register,

and on the original will, a note referring to the proceedings,

giving to the parties interested certified copies of both docu-

ments, whenever they may ask for them. And whereas the said

Don Bertrand Gravier, sole heir, has attained the years of ma-

jority, and that the property is notoriously large, there is, for

this reason, no necessity for judicial proceedings; and for secu-

rity for payment of the six thousand dollars to the absent heirs,

he (Gravier) will immediately mortgage the plantation until final

payment, or till otherwise agreed to by the parties. Whereupon,

these proceedings terminated, let the costs be taxed by D'n

Louis Liotaud, after acceptance and oath, and let them be paid

by the heir, twenty-four reals having been received as the as-

sessor's fee.

(Signed)

PEDRO DE MARIGNY,

LICENTIATE MANUEL SERRANO.

Thus decreed by D'n Pedro de Marigny, knight of the order

of St. Louis, and first alcalde for his majesty, having original

jurisdiction in this city and its judicial precincts, with the appro-

batory opinion of D'n Manuel Serrano, assessor-general of this

intendancy, and he signed the same in the city of New Orleans,

the 21st November, 1792.

(Signed)

PEDRO PEDESCLAUX,

Not. Pub.

By this will, the testatrix bestowed legacies in favor of a num-
ber of her relations, and instituted her husband for her sole and universal heir, in order that after her death he should inherit the
remainder of her property. The defendants claim the property described in the bill under titles derived from this heir.
The bill charges that Bertrand Gravier fraudulently induced the notary to prepare a will for his wife, and witnesses to attest the act, and, although the legal formalities were wanting which were necessary to its validity, a "sham decree" of probate was procifred from the alcalde by the corrupt agency of the said in-
stituted heir. The defendants deny these allegations, and they

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

473

Ledoux et al. v. Black et al.

have not been supported by testimony. The will has remained without contestation for above a half century. The alcalde, assessor, notary, and witnesses maintained during their lives a good reputation for probity. The property of the testatrix was distributed without opposition, according to the provisions of
the will, and is now held, under titles derived from the instituted heir. This evidence disposes of the allegations of the bill, except those which impugn the sufficiency of the act as a legal instrument.
That question, in our opinion, is closed by the decree of the alcalde. That-decree declares the will to be valid and subsisting, and directs its execution. We are obliged to treat the decree as the judicial act of a court of competent jurisdiction. In fact, it was the only judicial authority ili the province of Louisiana, except that exercised by the governor.
This decree remains in full force, never having been impeached, except in this collateral way. The courts of the United States have no probate jurisdiction, and must receive the sentences of the courts to which the jurisdiction over testamentary matters is committed, as conclusive of the validity and contents of a will; an original bill cannot be sustained upon an allegation that the probate of a will is contrary to law. If any error was committed in allowing the probate, the remedy is in the state courts, according to their appropriate modes of proceeding; such was the decision of this coui't in Tarver v. Tarver,
9 Pet. 174.
The decision of this question is sufficient to dispose of the case, and we decline any inquiry in reference to any other which
was discussed at the hearing.
Decree of the circuit court affirmed.

AMARON LEDOUX, ALPHONSE MILTENBERGER, AND GEORGE 0. HALL, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, V. JOHN BLACK, JOHN HAGAN, JR., JOHN HAGAN, SR., FRANCIS WVREN, J. M. SMILEY, AND EPHRAIM MCLEAN.
In the case of an imperfect Spanish title to land in Louisiana, a confirmation by congress is inoperative, unless the title or survey under it will enable the court to ascertain the specific boundaries of the land.
If, before a survey, in such a case, an entry is made and a patent taken out for land, which conflicts with a subsequent survey of the confirmed concession, the patentee has the better title.
Tins case was brought up from the supreme court of Louis-
40*

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.
Allen's Executors v. Allen et al.
in September, 1851, had any legal effect upon the contract between the State and the bank contained in the sixtieth section of the Bank Law of February, 1845.
MAfrS.tavberry,for the plaintiff in error, and H7fr. Pugh, for the defendant in error, considered that all the questions which arose in this case were fully argued in the case of Woolsey v. Dodge. Mr. Perry filed a brief for the plaintiff in error.
Mr. Justice WAYNE delivered the opinion of the court. We find upon the agreed statement of facts in this case, that it is ruled by the decision of the court in the cases of the Piqua Branch of the State Bank of Ohio v. Knoop, 16 Howard, 369, and that of Dodge v. Woolsey, decided at this term. We therefore reverse the decision of the supreme court of Ohio, and 'direct a mandate to be issued accordingly.
Mr. Justice CATRON, Mr. Justice DANIEL, and Mr. Justice CAMPBELL dissented.

JOSEPH WILKINS, TENANT, AND FRANCIS G. BAILEY, JOSEPH PEACOCK, AND SAMUEL BAILEY, EXECUTORS OF MICHAEL ALLEN, DECEASED, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR, v. DAzvD ALLEN, MARTHA
ALLEN, CATHERINE ALLEN, AND ISABELLA ALLEN.

Where a testator, in Pennsylvania, gave to his wife a life estate in the homestead and two lots, and charged upon his goods and lands an annuity to her, but did not mention his lands in any other part of the will, and then, after sundry legacies
bequeathed the surplus to be applied to the purposes of the Presbyterian church, this surplus does not relate to his lands, which his heirs will take.
By the law of Pennsylvania, heirs must take, unless they are disinherited by express words or necessary implication.
Evidence of extrinsic circumstances, such as the amount and condition of the estate, &c., cannot be received to control the interpretation of the will. It is only admissible to explain ambiguities arising out of extrinsic circumstances.

THIS case was brought up, by writ of error, from the circuit

court of the United States for the western district of Pennsyl-

vania.

It was an ejectment brought by the Allens, who were aliens

and subjects of the Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, to re-

cover four undivided fifth parts of one undivided half of a lot in

Pittsburg. They were heirs of Michael Allen, and the question

was, whether Allen, the testator, had devised the property in

question by his will.

VOL. XVIII.

33

386

SUPREME COURT.

Allen's Execntors v. Allen et a.

The substance of the will is given in the opinion of the court, as are also the rulings of the circuit court.
It was argued by .Mr. Williams, for the plaintiffs in error, and
by -Mr.Loomis and Ak. Stanton, for the defendants.
The points made by Mr. Williams are thus stated in his brief: The case presents two questions only: 1st. Whether the terms of the will are sufficient, proprio vigore, and interpreting the same by the context, to carry the real estate to the executors; and, 2d. Whether the interpretation thereof may not be aided, if necessary, by extrinsic circumstances, to wit: memoranda, declarations, and the actual amount and condition of the estate, as offered to be shown by the defendants.
On the first of these questions, a nd for the purpose of showing that the intention (which is only another name for the will) of the testator, is the great point of inquiry, and must be collected from the whole writing, and evgry word and sentence thereof; and that to serve it, words may be used either in the technical or general sense, and even supplied, transposed, or changed, the counsel for the plaintiffs in error will refer to the cases of Ruston v. Ruston, 2 Dali. 244; Findlay v. Riddle, 3 Binn. 149; Lynn v. Downes, 1 Yeates, 518; Beltzhoover v. Costen, 7 Barr, 16; Turbett v. Turbett, 3 Yeates, 187; Hunter's estate, 6 Barr, 97; Earp's Will, 1 Par. 457; Den v. Blackwell, 3 Green, 386; Den v. McMurtrie, Ib. 276; 1 Jarman on Wills, chap. xvii., and cases there cited.
That, as a consequence of the foregoing rules, real estate may pass uider a devise by any form of expression not properly and technically descriptive thereof, if such an-intent can be collected from the context-that general expressions may be restrained
and special expressions enlarged, and the same words sometimes understood in one sense, and sometimes in another, will be shown in the cases of Huxtep v. Brooman, 1 Brown C. C. 437; Taylor v. Webb, 2 Sid. 75; Pitman v. Stevens, 15 East, 505; Wilce v. Wilce, 5 Moore & Payne, 682; Tolar v. Tolar, 3 Hawks, 74;
Hope v. Taylor, 1 Bur. 268; Doe v. White, 1 East, 33; Den v. Trout, 15 East, 394; King v. Shrives, 4 Moore & Scott, 149; Anon. 3 Dale, 477; Jackson v. Housel, 17 Johns. 281; Ferguson v. Zepp. 4 W. C. 0. R. 645; Hogan v. Jackson, Cowper, 299; Marchant v. Twisden, Gilb. Eq. Ca. 30; Wilkinson v. Merryland, Cro. Car. 447, 449; Cliffe v. Gibbons, 2 Ld. Raym. 1324; Bullard v. Goffe, 20 Pick. 252; Doe v. Rout, 7 Taunt. 79; Woolham v. Kenworthy, 9 Ves. 137; Timewell v. Perkins, 2 Atk. 102; Roe v. Yeud, 2 B. & P. (N. R.) 214.
That the circumstance of a previous specific devise of land,

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

387

Allen's Executors v. Allen et al.

always favors the extension of the subsequent general words to property of the same description, although even the absence of that circumstamce is not considered as conclusive against it, even when the subsequent terms are associated with words descriptive of personal property only. I Jarman on Wills, 575.
That the word "surplus" and its equivalents, without more, may operate by reference, to carry either realty or personalty, or both, he will refer particularly to the cases of Bebb v. Penoyre, 11 East, 160; and Dewey v. Morgan, 18 Pick. 295.
That the interpretation of the testator's language is to be made with reference to the law and usages of the place of his actual domicile, 2 Greenl. Ev. § 671; Story's Conft. of Laws, § 479, f.; Harrison v. Nixon, 9 Pet. 483; and that, by the
law of Pennsylvania, the whole interest of a testator passes without words of inheritance or perpetuity, unless a different intent appear; act 'of 8th April, 1833, § 9 (Ph. L. 249;) Purdon's Dig. 844; that real estate is assets for the payment of debts and legacies are chargeable on lands where \he personalty is insufficient to meet them; Nichols v. Postlethwaite, 2 Dall. 131; English v. Harvey, 2 Rawle, 309 ; and that, therefore, the habit of treating both as equally a fund to pay any demand, would not probably be forgotten by a testator when making his will. Ib.
On the second and last of the questions proposed, namely, whether the construction may be aided by proof of extrinsic circumstances, the counsel for the plaintiff,
To show that the court may and ought to put themselves in the place of the testator, by looking into the state of his property, and the circumstances by which he was actually surrounded, will refer to 1 Greenl. Ev. §§ 287, 288, 289, & 290, and notes; Ruston v. Ruston, Supra (2 Dall. 244); Brownfield v. Brownfield, 8 Har. 59; Root -v. Stuyvesant, 18 Wend. 257; Jarvis v. Buttrick, 1 Met. 480; Morton v. Perry, lb. 446; Fox v. Phelps, 17 Wend. 393; Wigram on Wills, 5th proposition, page 5, and
cases cited in illustration thereof. That when words, used in their strict and primary sense, are
insensible, with reference to extrinsic circumstances, the court may look to those circumstances to see whether the meaning would be sensible in any popular or secondary sense, of which, with reference to those circumstances, they are capable, (third proposition, Wigram on Wills,) and that even without reference to such distinction, the court may look into the facts, where the construction claimed would render the devise or bequest inoperative. Smith v. Smith, 1 Edw. Ch.189; Whilden v. Whilden, Riley's Ch. 205; Trustees v. Peaslee, 15 N. H. 317; Kinsey v. Rhem, 2 Iredell, 192; Ayres v. Weed, 16 Conn. 291; Hand v.

SUPREME COURT.
Allen's Executors v. Allen et al.
Hoffman, 3 Halstead, 71; Allen v. Lyons, 2 Wash. C. C. R. 475, and cases cited of misnomer and misdescription generally. And that even the declarations of the testator, to prove a fact collateral to the question of intention in aid of the interpretation of words, may be admitted in evidence. 1 Greenl. Ev. § 291 and note; Trustees v. Peaslee, 15 N. H. 317; Ryerss v. Wheeler, 22 Wend. 148.
The plaintiffs' counsel will, moreover, in aid of the offer of evidence to show the inadequacy of the personal estate to satisfy the previous legacies, insist on the assertion of the substantive fact of a " considerable surplus," by the testator himself, which was only true upon the hypothesis that he did include real estate, in his estimate and devise, as necessitating a reference to the actual condition of his affairs at the time of making his will, for the purpose of showing that there was no such property as he is supposed to have intended by the iord "surplus," while there was property answering the description of a surplus upon which the will might operate. 4
In further support of the proposition that the construction of the will in question may be aided and controlled by the proof of extrinsic facts and circumstances, the counsel for the plaintiffs in error will refer also to 1 Jarm. on Wills, 355, and note 1; Wilde's case, 6 Rep. 17; Roper, 60, 67 (3d ed.); Cartwright v. Vawdry, 5 Ves. 530; Lord Woodhouselee v. Dalrymple, 2 Mer. 419; Rose v. Bartlett, Cro. Car. 293; Davis v. Gibbs, 3 P. Wins. 26; Knottsford v. Gardiner, 2 Atk. 450; Thompson v. Lawley, 2 B. & P. 403; Day v. Trig, 1 P. Wins. 286; Fonnereau v. Poyntz, 1 Bro. C. C. 472; Druce v. Dennison, 6 Ves. 397; Finch v. Inglis, 3 Bro. C. 0. 420; Attorney-General v. Grote, 3 Mer. 316; Colpoys v. Colpoys, Jac. 463 ; Smith v. d. Doe Jersey, 2 Brod. & Bingh. 553; Jeacock v. Falconer, 1 Bro. C. C. 296; Selwood v. Mildmay, 3 Ves. 306; Doe d. Belasyse v. Lucan, 9 East, 488; Attorney-General v. Vigor, 8 Ves. 256; Standen v. Standen, 2 Ves. 589 ; 3 Kent, 334, 335 ; Lowe v. Lord Huntingtower, 4 Russ. 532; 8 Rep. 155; Rewalt v. Ulrich, 11 Har. 388.
The points made by .Mr. Loomis and .Mr. Stanton were the following:-
1. In the disposition, by the will of Michael Allen, of the surplus remaining after the payment of all claims and bequests, there is neither doubt, uncertainty, nor ambiguity.
2. If that disposition be doubtful or uncertain, it must receive appropriate construction from the words of the will itself, and no parol proof or declaration ought to be admitted out of the will to ascertain it. Bradford v. Bradford, 6 Wharton, 244;

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

389

Allen's Executors v. Allen et al.

Weatherhead's Lessee v. Baskerville et al. 11 How. 357, 358, 359; Murrell v. Livermore, 7 Eng. Com. Law, 9; 5 Barn. & Ald. 18.
8. In determining such construction, the heir at law is not, and especially those standing in the place of the common-law heir are not, to be disinherited, except by express devise, or by implication so inevitable that an intention to the contrary cannot be supposed. 1 Powell on Devises, 199; French v. M'Ilhenny,
2 Binney's Rep. 20; Clayton v. Clayton, 3 Binney's Rep. 484; Brown v. Dysinger et al. 1 Rawle, 415; Finley v. King's Lessee, 3 Pet. 379; Bradford v. Bradford, 6 Wharton, 244; Doe on dem. Spearing v. Buckner, 6 Term Rep. 611, 612, 613 ;
Hayden v. Stoughton, 5 Pick. 536; Roosevelt v. Heirs of Fulton, 7 Cowen, 79, 187 ; Roper on Wills, 352, 358.
4. The application of the principles embraced in the last two
points to the construction of the disposition before mentioned, will show clearly and conclusively that the title of the heirs of the testator to the real estate, of which he died seised, has not been thereby devested.
5. Parol evidence cannot be adduced to contradict, add to, or explain the contents of a will. Parol evidence of the actual intention of a testator is inadmissible for the purpose of controlling or influencing the construction of the written will. No word or phrase in the will can be diverted from its appropriate subject or object by extrinsic evidence. Wigram on Wills, 1st and 2d Rules; Ib. 24, 27, 80, 81, 82, 88-92, 96, 130 ; 1 Jarman on Wills, c. 14, pp. 349, 358 ; 11 How. 357, 358, 359 ; Farrar v. Ayres, 5 Pick. 409; Barrett v. Wright, 13 Pick. 48; Mann v. Mann, 14 Johns. 9, 14 ; S. C. 1 Johns. Oh. 231.
6. There is but one case in which parol evidence of intention
can properly be admitted, and that is where the meaning of the testator's words is neither ambiguous nor obscure, and where the devise is, on the face of it, perfect and intelligible ; but from
some of the circumstances admitted in proof, an ambiguity arises as to which of the two or more things, or which of the
two or more persons, (each answering the words in the will,) the testator intended to express. I Greenl. Ev. § 289 ; Hiscocks v. Hiscoeks, 5 Mee. & Wels. 363, 367; Atkinson's Lessee v. Cummins, 9 How. 486; Miller v. Travers, 8 Bingh. Rep. 244; 21 Eng. Com. Law Rep. 290; Aspden Estate, 2 Wallace's Rep. 448.
7. A testator's parol declarations are not admissible to con-
trol the construction of his will, nor his evidence, as to the state of his property, admissible for that purpose. Ryeres v.
Wheeler, 22 Wend. 151; Fonnereau v. Poyntz, 1 Bro. Ch. R. 472; Roberts on Wills, 24, 34; Brown v. Selwyn, Cases Temp.
33*

390

SUPREME COURT.

Allen's Executors v. Allen et al.

Talbot, 240 ; Attorney-General v. Grote, 3 Mer. 316 ; 10 Wheat. 229; 3 Halsted, 71.

Mr. Justice CATRON delivered the opinion of the court. Michael Allen, of the city of Pittsburg, made his will in 1849, by which he bequeathed to his wife, for life, his dwelling-house
in said city, with two lots of ground occupied by him and her as a garden. He also gave her the household furniture and library. "And still furthermore," he declares, "that, first and
foremost, there shall be secured to my dear wife, on my real and personal estate, an annuity of twelve hundred dollars a year, to be punctually paid semiannually during her lifetime, and that
my executors pay all the taxes on the premises occupied by my dear wife during her lifetime."
The testator then bequeathes: 1st. To the five children of
Dr. Robert Wray, five hundred dollars each. 2d. To the managers of the orphan asylums of the cities of Pittsburg and Alleghany, two thousand dollars eaqh. 3d. To the pastor and ses-
sions of the First Presbyterian Church, two thousand dollars. 4th. To the general assembly of the Presbyterian church, ten
thousand dollars. 5th. To the trustees of the board of sessions of said general assembly, four thousand dollars. 6th. To the Foreign Evangelical Society, located in New York, three thou-
sand dollars. 7th, 8th, and 9th, he gave for the use of the Presbyterian church, eleven thousand dollars. 10th. To the American
Bible Society, six thousand dollars. 11th. To the American Tract Societjr, four thousand dollars. 12th. For the use of the Sunday School Union, situate in Philadelphia, four thousand
dollars. He next declares: "As to my debts, they will amount to very
little; but, and after paying all claims and bequests, there will remain a considerable surplus, which I give and bequeath in trust to my executors, be the same more or less, to be applied to the religious and benevolent purposes of the several institutions of the general assembly of the Presbyterian church in the United States of America, as before mentioned" ; and then constitutes and appoints his executors (who are the plaintiffs in error) to
carry out the provisions of the will. The defendants in error are the heirs at law of Michael Allen.
They sued his executors in ejectment to recover a portion of the lands situate in the city of Pittsburg, of which he died seised, insisting that the lands did not pass by the will.
The residuary clause was supposed to be of doubtful meaning and obscure. To remove the alleged obscurity, the defendants below offered to prove on the trial, "from memoranda made by the testator at the time of the execution of said last

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

391

Allen's Executors v. Allen et al.

will and testament, and upon the basis of which the same was prepared by him, and also by declarations made by him at and about the same time, what was his real meaning in the employment of the word ' surplus' in the residuary clause of said will,
and that the same was intended to comprehend his whole remaining estate, as well real as personal."
"And further, to show by other evidence, besides the said memoranda, the actual amount and condition of the personal estate at the time of the execution of the said last will and testament, as well as at the period of the testator's death, and that the same was entirely insufficient, at either of the said periods, to pay the specific and pecuniary legacies provided therein; and
this, for the purpose of explaining the meaning of the testator in the said residuary clause, and the employment of the said
word 'surplus' therein, by showing that, if the same did not embrace the real estate, the said residuary clause would be entirely inoperative, for the reason that there was, in point of fact, under such construction, at neither of said periods, any surplus whatever, as supposed and declared by the testator himself."
On motion of the plaintiffs, the court rejected the evidence,
and instructed the jury that no title vested in the executors by
the residuary clause.
On this state of facts, the first question presented for our consideration is, whether the terms of the will are sufficient in themsplves, when interpreted by their context, to carry the real
estate to the executors? As, in this instance, the testator's language must be construed
with reference to the laws and policy of the country of his domicile, it is our duty to ascertain what the laws and policy of Penn-
sylvania are, so far as they may have a controlling influence in
the construction of this will. In the first place, Pennsylvania has only so far altered the
English common law as to substitute all the children for the sole heir, carrying out this rule of descent through the collateral branches. This is the will the law makes in case of intestacy, and is the policy of the State. Under the law, the heirs must take, unless they are "disinherited by express words, or necessary implication." "Conjecture, nor uncertainty, shall never disinherit him." Such was the ground assumed by counsel in
the case of Clayton v. Clayton, 8 Binney, 481, and which assumption was sustained by the court; ib. 486. Chief Justice
Tilghman says: "The rule of law gives the estate to the heir, unless the will takes it from him: and, in order to take it from him, it must give it to some other person. Thus we are brought back to the question, are there any words in the will sufficient to convey more than an estate for life to the devisees. I can find none."

892

SUPREME COURT.

Allen's Executors v. Allen et al.

In the case referred to, the testator devised a homestead to his
niece, Sarah Evans, and her children, without adding the word heirs. That he intended to give an estate in fee was hardly open to controversy; but the words of the will did not carry the
fee, and the court refused to follow a doubtful intention. It there came fairly up to the rule laid down in the English case of Mudge v. Blight et ux. Cowp. 355, that "where there are no words of limitation, the court must determine in the case of a devise affecting real estate, that the devisee has only an estate
for life, because the principle is fully settled and established, and no conjecture of a private imagination can shake a rule of law. If the intention of the testator is doubtful, the rule of law must take place; and so if the court cannot find words in the will sufficient to carry a fee. Though they should themselves be satisfied beyond the possibility of a doubt, as to what the intention
of the party was, they must adhere to the rule of law." This decision was made in 1811, and the principles then laid
down have since been adhered to with uncommon care and
strictness. In speaking of expressions in a will necessary to disinherit the
heir, Chief Justice Gibson, in delivering the opinion of the court in the case of Bradford v. Bradford, 6 Wharton, 244, says : "The intention must be manifest, and rest on something more
certain than conjecture. The court must proceed on known principles and established rules, not on loose conjectural interpretations, nor considering what a man may be imagined to do in the testator's circumstances. The principle is applicable in. all its force in a case like the present, in which the question goes
to the birthright of those who, standing in place of the commonlaw heir, are not to be disinherited except by express devise, or,
as is said in 1 Powell on Devises, 199, by implication so inevitable that an intention to the contrary cannot be supposed."
It is there admitted that when the testator provided that "all his worldly goods of all sorts and kinds" should be vested in
trust and held as one fund, for a hundred years, and his children and their descendants should receive the rents and profits, that he most probably intended to include his lands. This, however,
(the court declares,) is no more than a confident conjecture, and
that it must come at last to an analysis of the testator's language to ascertain the legal meaning of the will.
Now, testing the will before us by these rules, and where can any provision be found in it showing a plain intention to disinherit the heirs ? The lands are never named except where the wife is given a life estate in the homestead, and two lots, and, secondly, where her annuity of twelve hundred dollars is imposed on the goods and lands as a charge.

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

393

Allen's Executors v. Allen et al.

But as the residuary clause is mainly relied on, as carrying the real estate to the executors, it is proper that some further notice should be taken of its import. The testator declared that his debts amounted to very little, and that, after paying all claims and bequests, there would remain a considerable surplus, and this he bequeathed to his executors, to be applied to religious and benevolent purposes. He did not indicate any new fund, nor a surplus arising from the sale of lands, in the concluding clause of the will more than in any previous clause, where he provided for the support of the Presbyterian church.
The terms of the will, proprio vi;gore, being insufficient to dis-
inherit the heirs, the next question is, whether the interpretation thereof may not be aided by extrinsic circumstances, namely, memoranda, declaration, and the actual amount and condition of the estate, as offered to be shown by the defendants below.
That the court may put itself in the place of the testator, by looking into the state of his property, and the circumstances by which he was surrounded when he made the will, is not only true as a general proposition, but without such information it must often happen that the will could not be sensibly construed. Wigram (10, 60) lays down the rule with much distinctness. Such evidence, however, is only admissible to explain ambiguities arising out of extrinsic circumstances, as to persons provided for, objects of disposition, and the like. For instance, if the testator gave to his grandson, J. S., a plantation, and he had two grandsons of that name; or he devised his son J. his plantation on a certain river, and he had two plantations there,- in each
case proof might be heard to show the person or thing intended. But evidence cannot be heard to show a different intention in the testator from that which the will discloses.
Such is the established doctrine of this court, as was held in the case of Weatherhead v. Barksdale, 11 How. 357.
The only English case we will refer to is that of Miller v. Traverse, 8 Bingh. 248. There the testator devised and vested
in trust "all his freehold and real estates whatsoever in the county of Limerick, and the city of Limerick." At the time of making the will, he had no real estate in the county of Limerick, but had
a small estate in the city of Limerick, and considerable real estate in the county of Clare; and the question was whether the devisees could be admitted to have an issue and trial at law on the ground that they offered to prove that, by the original draft
of the will, the estates in Olare were included, and the county left out by oversight or mistake; and also that the testator so expressed himself.
The lord chancellor was assisted by the chief justice of the common pleas and the chief baron, and they all concurred in

394

SUPREM E COURT.

Connor v. Peugh's Lessee.

holding that the evidence offered could not be heard to change the import of the will, and refused the issue. And so it is man-
ifest here, that if the evidence were to show all that is assumed
for it, yet it could not be heard to affect this will. It is ordered that the judgment of the circuit court be
affirmed.

MARY ANN CONNOR, ALIAS MARY ANN VAN NESS, TENANT, &C.,
PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V. SAmUEL A. PEUGH'S LESSEE.
Where a declaration in ejectment was served on the 15th of the month and the court met on the 27th, it was ten days before the commencement of the term.
Judgment being entered against the- casual ejector, the tenant having neglected to 0 make herself a party, cannot bring a writ of error to the judgment. A motion to set the judgment aside was an application to the sound discretion of the
court below. No appeal lies from its decision, nor is it the subject of a bill of exceptions or writ of error.
THIS case was brought up by writ of error from the circuit court of the United States for the District of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington.
The counsel for the defendant in error moved to dismiss the writ of error under the following circumstances: -
An action of cjectment was brought by Peugh's lessee to recover the eastern half part of lot number seven, in the square or reservation marked B in the city of Washington. A copy of the declaration was served on Mrs. Connor, on the 15th March, 1854, the court being about to meet on the 27th, and the rules requiring the service to be made at least ten days before court. At the term of March, there being no appearance for the defendant, a motion was made by the plaintiffs' counsel for judgment against the casual ejector, which was postponed till next term.
At October term, 1854, judgment was entered against the casual ejector, and also against Mary Ann Connor, the tenant in possession.
On the 24th of March, 1855, a writ of habere facias possessionern was sued out, which was returned, "came to hand too late for service."
On the 23d of May, 1855, an alias writ was issued, returnable on third Monday of October thereafter.
Before the return day of this writ, namely, on the 5th of June, 1855, Mrs. Connor appeared in court by her counsel and moved to set aside the judgment and also to quash the writ of hab. fac. poss., upon the ground that a copy of the declaration was not served upon her ten days before the meeting of the court at

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

297

Lessee of McCall et al. v. Carpenter et al.

Where a chancery suit involves matters of account, the action of a master should be had in the inferior court, and the items admitted or rejected should be stated, so that exception may be taken to the particular items or class of items, and such a case should be brought before this court on the rulings of the excep-
tions by the circuit court. The bill is dismissed at the plaintiff's costs, without prejudice.

JoHN DOE, ex dem. JAmEs B. McCALL, HENRY V. McCALL, AND MRY SIDNEY MCCALL, PLAINTIFFS IN ERROR V. WVILLIARD CARPENTER AND JoHN A. REITZ.*
Where there was a decree of a court of chancery for the partition of real estate, an agreement to divide which had been previously made, but one of the parties to the agreement had conveyed all his interest in the estate to one of the complainants. and died before deeds of partition were executed, and the bill was filed against his heirs simply for partition, the decree of the court and deeds executed under it only operated upon the parties jointly interested in the property.
Two of the heirs were non-residents, and did not appear; the third was an infant. Therefore, in an action of ejectment by the heirs, evidence was admissible to show
that the deed from their ancestor had been obtained by fraud. The proceedings in chancery did not involve this question, nor was it adjudicated upon by the court. Nor is the question of fraud appropriate to the proceeding in partition ; if raised, the proceedings are usually suspended, and the question sent to a court of law. The recitals in the deeds of partition have no binding force beyond what is derived from the decree. The defendants were jointly interested with the complainants in one parcel embraced in the partition suit. The ancestor having conveyed away the property covered by the deed alleged to have been fraudulently obtained, the heirs had no interest in the partition of it. These proceedings being in ren, only operated in respect to the title as against them, upon that part of the property in which they had a joint interest.
Tins case was brought up, by writ of error, from the circuit court of the United States for the district of Indiana.
It was an ejectment, brought by the McCalls against Carpenter and Reitz, to recover six blocks, seventy-two lots, and one half block, in Lamasco city, in the county of Vanderburgh, in the State of Indiana, of which blocks and lots Carpenter and Reitz were in possession.
The claim of the plaintiffs was founded upon the following circumstances :-
Prior to the 21st of March, 1840, certain persons were possessed of the city of Lamasco, and also of the southeast quarter of section 23, in town 6, south of range 11, west; consisting of
* lr. Justice CURTIS, apprehending that one of his connections was interested in the subject-matter of this case, did not sit therein.

298

SUPREME COURT.

Lessee of McCall et al. v. Carpenter et al.

160 acres. They owned this property in the following proportions, namely:-
John Law, 1; William H. Law, 2 ; Boston and Indiana Land Company, J; Lucius H. Scott, j-; James B. McCall, J.
On the 21st of March, 1840, the proprietors (the Boston Land Company subsequently acquiescing) signed an agreement, under. seal, to divide the town lots and also the quarter section amongst them. The town lots were divided into eight subdivisions,
whereof each proprietor of - had two, and the quarter section was also divided into eight parts, allotted in the same proportion.
Before deeds of partition could be exchanged, McCall sold and conveyed to Hugh Stewart all his undivided interest in the town property, without including his share in the quarter section. This deed purported to be executed on 18th June, 1840.
It was not in the record, being offered in evidence upon the trial, but rejected.
Shortly after the execution of this deed to Stewart, McCall died, leaving three infant children, two of whom were non-residents of the State, the lessors of the plaintiff in error. These children thus became the unquestioned heirs of their father's interest in the quarter section, which was not included in the deed to Stewart.
In order to bring about a partition, regularly, two bills ought to have been filed: one for the partition of the town property, in
which the interest of the father of the infants appeared to be held entirely by Stewart, they themselves having none; and the
other by their co-tenants in the quarter section in which Stewart had no interest, and, therefore, should not have been a party.
It so happened, however, that at the March term, 1842, of the Vanderburgh circuit court, a bill was filed by John Law, William H. Law, Lucius H. Scott, and Hugh Stewart, in their own right, and also the trustees of the Boston Land Company. The nature of the bill and the proceedings under it are stated in the
opinion of the court; as are also the proceedings in the eject-
ment which gave rise to the case now under consideration.

It was submitted on printed arguments by .lIr.Dunn, for the plaintiffs in error, and Hr. Baker, for the defendants.

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court. This is a writ of error to the circuit court of the United States
for the district of Indiana. The suit in the court below was an action of ejectment by
the plaintiffs to recover the possession of certain town lots in the city of Lamasco. They proved on the trial, that their father, James B. McCall, was the owner of an undivided fourth

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

299

Lessee of McCall et al. v. Carpenter et al.

of a certain part of said city, and had been in the possession of the same, and died in 1840; and that they were his heirs at law.
The defendants set up, in bar of the action, certain proceedings in partition, embracing the premises in question, in the cir-
cuit court of the fourth judicial district of Indiana. The bill in partition was filed by .thetenants in common of
the town lots with McCall in his lifetime, against his children and heirs, the present plaintiffs. The two sons were non-residents of the State, at the time, and did not appear or answer
to the bill. The dauglter was a resident of the State, and was served personally with the subpona. She and the younger brother were under age, for whom guardians ad litem were appointed by the court.
The bill, after setting out the interests of the respective tenants in common, and that partition had been agreed upon between them, describing particularly the manner in which the
partition was to be made, and the portions assigned to each in the arrangement, charges, that after the agreement, J. B. McCall sold and conveyed all his undivided interest, to wit, one undivided fourth part of the town property, to Hugh Stewart for the sum of 8 11,500, and that shortly afterwards, and 'before he executed deeds of partition, according to the agreement, departed this life, leaving three children, his heirs at law, James B. McCall,
non-resident of this State, and Henry McCall, also a non-resident, and Mary S. McCall, who are infants under the age of twenty-
one years. The bill further charges, that the several proprietors, including Stewart, the grantee of McCall, had already interchanged deeds of partition, according to the agreement, or were
ready to do so; and that they were ready to execute to the heirs deeds of all their right to subdivision No. 3 and 6 of the southeast quarter of section twenty-three, in town 6, and of all other
portions to which the heirs were entitled; and then closes by stating, that, inasmuch as your orators are unable to obtain relief in the premises, except by an interposition of the court of chan-
cery, they, for the purpose of perfecting their several titles to their respective portions of said property, pursuant to the agree-
ment in partition, pray that the heirs be made defendants; that a guardian ad litem be appointed for the two infant heirs, that they may answer the bill; and if the same should be found true, that the court would appoint three commissioners to make deeds
of partition, &c. The bill was taken as confessed against the adult heir, and
against the others upon the answer put in by the guardian; no proof, for aught that appears, having been given. The court decreed that the prayer of the complainants be granted; and

300

SUPREME COURT.

Lessee of McCall et al. v. Carpenter et al.

that C. D. Bourne, C. Baker, and J. E. Blythe be commissioners to make deeds, &c., to the complainants, agreeably to the partition mentioned in the bill, and pursuant to, and agreeable with the said sale and conveyance made by James B. McCall, deceased, of his undivided interest in said town property, to the complainant, Hugh Stewart.
Deeds were executed in pursuance of the directions in the decree, and reported to the court and confirmed.
It' appeared that McCall, besides being a joint owner in the town property which he had conveyed to Stewart, also owned,
jointly with the complainants, (except Stewart,) one fourth of the southeast quarter of section No. 23, township 6, adjoining the town, and which descended to his heirs and was embraced in the bill of partition.
The counsel for the plaintiffs, when this record of partition
was offered in evidence by the defendants, objected to the admission, on the ground that the decree was void for want of jurisdiction of the court; and also for fraud apparent on the face of the proceedings. The objection was overruled. It appeared that the defendants claim title from Stewart, the grantee
of McCall. They then rested, and the counsel for the plaintiffs then pro-
duced and read the conveyance from their father to Stewart
mentioned in the bill of partition, and offered to prove that the conveyance was obtained by fraud on the part of Stewart, and also, that, at the time of its execution, their father was of unsound mind and incapable of making a valid contract; that said unsoundness was well known to Stewart, and that he took advantage of it in obtaining the deed ; that the consideration of $11,500 mentioned was never paid, that $ 6,000 in depreciated state scrip was all that was ever paid or agreed to be paid, and that the defendants purchased of Stewart with full knowledge of all the facts ; that the real estate purported to be conveyed by the deed was worth at the time at least $ 20,000.
To all which evidence the defendant's counsel objected, on the sole ground that the plaintiffs were barred by the record of the proceedings in partition, which objection was sustained by the court, and the evidence excluded.
The jury, under the direction of the court, rendered a verdict for the defendants.
We think the court erred in excluding this evidence. The binding effect of the decree, in the chancery suit, is sought to be maintained upon the ground that the proceedings were instituted not only for the purpose of making partition, but also to quiet the title between the parties, and especially the title of Stewart under the conveyance from McCall, and that the chil-

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

30

Lessee of McCall et al. v. Carpenter et al.

then and heirs were made parties for this reason, and that the

proceedings, in this aspect, being in the nature of proceedings

in rem, would operate upon the title and bind the heirs, whether

they appeared or not, if notice had been given in conformity with

the statute or law of the State.

But we think the obvious answer to this view is, that the bill

has not been framed in any such aspect, or for any such purpose,

either in the body of it or in the prayer. There is no suggestion

of any imperfection in the title of Stewart, under the deed of McCall, or of any imputation or questioning of the genuineness

or validity of it; nor does the prayer ask for a decree to confirm

the deed or the title to Stewart.

. The only pretext for the ground now taken to bind the heirs,

is in the allegation as follows, namely: "As your orators are un-

able to obtain relief in the premises, except by the interposition

of a court of chancery, they, for the purpose of perfecting their

several titles to the respective portions of said property, agree-

ably with and in pursuance of said agreement of partition,

would respectively pray," &c., and then follows the prayer for

partition.

Now, it is manifest that this allegation refers simply to the subject of providing for the mutual releases or conveyances of

the joint interest in the property, so that each might become

vested, severally, with the title to his respective share, and

nothing beyond this, as is further evinced by the prayer of the

bill, which is, that if the allegations in the bill should be found

true, not that Stewart should be quieted in his title under

McCall, but that three commissioners be appointed to make the partition, &c. So in respect to the decree. It simply or-

ders that the prayer of the bill of the complainants be granted,

appoints the commissioners, and directs them to make the

partition, by the execution of the deeds of conveyance, release,

and partition to the complainants, according to their respective

rights, &c.

The deeds of the commissioners have also been referred to as

helping out the binding effect claimed for these proceedings. The deed of the commissioners to Stewart may be taken as a

sample of all of them. It recites their appointment, the object

of it, to wit, execute the partition deeds, &c., and adds: "and to perfect the title of said Hugh Stewart to the interest hereto-

fore conveyed to him in said property, by the said McCall in

his lifetime," - they then go on and convey "all the right, title,

and interest, claim and demand whatsoever of the said James

B. McCall, deceased, at the time of his death, and of his heirs,

naming the three defendants, since his decease, or at any other time, and of all or any other heirs or heir whatsoever, of the said

voL. xVwii.

26

802

SUPREME COURT.

Lessee of McCall et al. v. Carpenter et al.

James B. McCall, deceased," &c. ; seeking to bind those not made defendants as well as those who were.
The answer to all these recitals is, that they have no binding force or effect beyond what is derived from the d-cree of the court appointing the commissioners; and as that simply conferred authority on them to execute mutual conveyances and releases for the purpose of making partition between the parties, any recital going beyond this is nugatory. Neither should the simple confirmation of the deeds by the court be construed as itending to go beyond the terms and directions of the decree.
The case, then, is brought down to the question, so far as the effect and operation of the chancery suit are concerned, whether or not these defendants are estopped by the decree from impeaching the deed of their father to Stewart. And, in respect to this question, we may concede that, for the purposes of partition, the court, under the statute and law of Indianai had jurisdiction of the subject-matter and were competent to make the
partition. The point is, whether or not the right of the plaintiffs to im-
peach this deed was involved in these proceedings, so as to be deemed res judicat, and all further examination or inquiry
foreclosed. As we have already seen, the question as to its validity was
not presented upon the pleadings in that suit, nor did it beconie the subject of inquiry or examination in the course of the proceeding, nor did it enter into the decree of the court in the determination of the case. And the better opinion is, that no such question could have been raised by the defendants iii that proceeding, if they had sought to invalidate the deed.. The most that the court would have been justified in doing, in the usual course of proceeding, would have been to have stayed the suit in partition till the question could have been settled at law. The proceedings in partition are not appropriate for a litigation between parties in respect to the title.
As to the binding effect of judgments or decrees, the general
rule is, that the judgments of courts of concurrent jurisdiction are not admissible in a subsequent suit, unless they are upon the same matter, and directly on the point ; when the same matter is directly in question, and the judgment in the former suit upon the point, it will then be as a plea, a bar, or as evidence, conclusive between the parties. 2 Phillips Ev. 13. So a judgment is conclusive upon a matter legitimately within the issue, and necessarily involved in the decision. 4 Cow. 559; 8 Wend. 9: C. & H. notes, part 2, note 22.
Testing the ease by this principle, it seems quite clear that the proceedings in partition constituted no defence to this

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

303

Lessee of McCall et al. v. Carpenter et al.

action; no question was made upon the deed by the pleadings, nor any judgment given upon it; nor was any such question necessarily involved in the partition suit.
Besides, . two of the defendants, plaintiffs here, were nonresidents of the State, ,and neither appeared, nor were served personally with process. As to them, the proceedings were purely in rem, and the decree acted only upon the res or subjectmatter. And, as to the subject-matter, the bill on its face
shows, that these two plaintiffs had no interest in nor connection with the partition, except as respected the southeast quarter of section twenty-three. This tract was not included in the deed to Stewart, and of course descended to the heirs. Being tenants in common with the complainants, the decree of partition might operate upon it and bind them. But, as to the premises now in dispute it could have no effect, as it appears, by the
averment of complainants themselves, the defendants had no interest in it. The title was in Stewart. The decree, therefore, operating simply in rem, could only operate upon such interest
or estate of the defendant as was shown in the bill, and properly the subject of the partition against them. Beyond this, it was ineffectual, either as to its direct operation, or when in question
collaterally. Proceedings of this character are allowed to conclude the
rights of the absent party, only as it respects property, whether real or personal, involved in the suit, the property of the party proceeded against. They act upon the thing, and bind the party
in respect to it. Now, that in this Qase, so far as the two nonresident defendants were concerned, was their interest in the southeast quarter of section twenty-three ? They were strangers as regarded any other piece or parcel of land involved in the
proceedings.
Then, as to Mary, the daughter, the process was served personally upon her; she was an infant, and appeared by a guardian ad litem. But this was simply an appearance, as the representa-
tive of her interest in the undivided parcel which had descended to the heirs. The bill shows that" she had no interest in the partition, except as to this; all the other parcels of which par-
tition was sought belonged to other parties, and concerned them alone; as to these, John Doe might have been made a party with as much propriety as this defendant. It may be, as we have already said, that these proceedings conclude the question
of partition from afterwards being agitated, a question which it is not now necessary to decide; but we think it clear that they cannot conclude the title even of a party to them, whom the proceedings themselves show had no interest or concern in the question of partition.

304

SUPREME COURT.

Lessee of McCall et al. v. Carpenter et al.

Upon the whole, after the best consideration we have been
able to bestow upon the case, we think the court erred in excluding the evidence offered to impeach the deed of McCall to Stewart, and that the judgment below should be reversed, and a venire de novo awarded.

Mr. Justice DANIEL and Mr. Justice CAMPBELL dissented.

Mr. Justice CAMPBELL. The circuit court of Vanderburgh county, Indiana, exercising
chancery jurisdiction, in 1842, pronounced a decree, appointing three commissioners to make deeds of conveyance, release, and partition to the plaintiffs in the suit, of certain lots in the town of Lamasco, in that county, and which embrace the land in-
cluded in this suit, according to an agreement for a partition made by a portion of the plaintiffs and James B. McCall, the ancestor of the lessors of the plaintiff in this cause, and also of a sale*and conveyance by him to one Stewart of his undivided interest in the property, and directed that the deeds should convey the fee-simple to the complainants respectively.
The deeds were executed by the commissioners, were reported to the court, and were confirmed by an order.
This decree was rendered in a chancery cause, prosecuted by
persons who had held in common the site of the town of La-
masco with McCall, and who had entered into the agreement, by which specified lots were set apart to each of the tenants, and for which mutual conveyances were to be made, and one Stewart, on whose behalf it was alleged that, after the agreement, and before deeds were made, McCall had so'N and conveyed to him his entire undivided interest in the tract.
The object of the bill was to perfect in the complainants, ac-
cording to the agreement of partition and the sale and conveyance to Stewart, their titles. One of the children of McCall was served with process, and two were called in by publication, and a guardian ad litern was appointed for the minors. The prayer of the bill was for the appointment of commissioners to make the conveyances according to the agreement and the sale.
The defendants claiming to hold the lands under these complainants, offered the record of the proceedings in evidence upon the trial in the circuit court, which was opposed, for the reason that the court had no jurisdiction, and for fraud, apparent on the face of the bill, the evidence was admitted as conclusive
of the title, and an issue was formed on the bill of exceptions for this court.
The decree operates upon a title to lands within the county

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

805

Lessee of McCall et al. v. Carpenter et al.

and State where the circuit court, that rendered it, was held. That court possesses, under the constitution and laws of Indiana, a general chancery jurisdiction, and a special authority to appoint commissioners to execute decrees like the present. One of the defendants was before the court by process, and was defended by a guardian, and the others by publication, according to the authorized practice of that court. This being the state of the record -the jurisdiction of the court spreading over the subjectmatter, and embracing the parties - the inquiry arises, on what principle can its authority be impeached in a collateral proceeding ? It is said, that, it being apparent from the bill that James B. McCall had sold his entire interest in the town of Lamasco to Stewart, that Stewart might have completed his agreement for a partition, and that the heirs of McCall, having inherited no
estate, were not proper parties to the bill, and that the deeds of
conveyance, release, and partition, under the decree, did not con-
clude their rights. But who is to decide whether they were proper parties to the bill, and whether it was proper to terminate all contest upon the title, by requiring them to release their rights, whatever they might happen to be, to the plaintiffs ? Upon whom was the duty devolved by the constitution and laws of Indiana, to determine whether the bill was framed according to
the course of chancery practice, and the decree a proper expression of chancery jurisprudence ? Certainly not this court,
nor the circuit court of the United States for Indiana. A court of the State of Indiana, with a plenary jurisdiction
in chancery, having the subject-matter and parties within that jurisdiction, has pronounced the decree, from whence comes the power of this court to pronounce its jurisdiction usurped, and its decree a nullity ? This court, of old, was accustomed to say, "that ajudgment or execution irreversible by a superior court, cannot be declared a nullity by any authority of law, if it has
been rendered by a court of competent jurisdiction of the parties and the subject-matter, with authority to use the process it
has issued; it must remain the only test of the respective rights of the parties to it." And also, "the line which separates error in judgment from the usurpation of power is very definite, and is precisely that which denotes the cases where a judgment or decree is reversible only by an appellate court, or may be de-
clared a nullity collaterally, when it is offered in evidence in an action concerning the matter adjudicated, or purporting to have
been so. In the one case it is a record imputing absolute verity;
in the other, mere waste paper. 10 Pet. 449. We have only now to ascertain the extent of the jurisdiption
of courts of chancery in the matters of partition, and to quiet title by removing dormant equities, and the effect of decrees in
26*

306

SUPREME COURT.

Lessee of McCall et al. v. Carpenter et al.

such cases. The first branch of the inquiry is satisfactorily answered by Judge Story. "In all cases of partition," he says, "a court of equity does not act merely in a ministerial character and in obedience to the call of the parties who have a right to the partition, but it founds itself upon its general juris-
diction as a court of equity, and administers its relief ex cequo et bono, according'to its own notions of general justice and equity
between the parties. It will, therefore, by its decree, adjust all the equitable rights of the parties interested in the estate, and courts of equity, in making these adjustments, will not confine themselves to the mere legal rights of the original tenants in common, but will have regard to the legal and equitable rights of all other parties interested in the estate, which have been derived from any of the original tenants in common."
Such being the enlarged jurisdiction upon the subject-matter, the question arises as to the effect of the decrees upon the titles that are, or might have been, involved in a suit of that nature.
In Reese v. Holmes, 5 Rich. Eq. 531, the court determined that the parties to such a record were concluded by the decree from showing that they had a greater estate than, or one derived from a different source from, that set out in the proceedings and
established by the decree. The court said, "If any relievable fraud or mistake entered into
the decree when it was pronounced, the party affected by it
might have been heard, if he had come within a reasonable time, with a direct proceeding to set the proceeding aside; but while it stands, it is the standard to which every party taking under it must resort for the measure of his rights, and cannot be set aside or modified collaterally." In Stewart v. Migell, 8 Ind. Eq. 242, the court decide that a bill cannot be supported to set aside a decree formerly made between parties, though it be al-
leged that the facts found by the court did not exist; and that the decree was conclusive, in respect to the thing which the par-
ties had, or admitted, or it was declared they had, and also in respect to the share to which each was entitled in severalty, and to the parcel so allotted. In Mills v. Witherington, 2 Dev. & B. 433, where land belonging to one in severalty was included in the petition as land held in common, and allotted to another in severalty, it was held, in an action of ejectment, that the lessor
of the plaintiff, who had been a party to the judgment, "was concluded, bound, and estopped, to controvert anything contained in it." In Clapp v. Bromagham, 9 Cowen, 537, the court say, "that the judgment in partition, it is true, does not change the possession, but it establishes the title, and in an ejectment must be conclusive." 1 Md. Ch. Dec. 455; 14 Geo. 521; 17 Vesey, 355; 29 Maine, 128.

DECEMBER TERM, 1855.

807

Ex parte: William Wells.

I do not consider it necessary to inquire, whether the fact of an absolute sale and a perfect conveyance by McCall to Stewart did not relieve the heirs from the duty of completing the agree-
ment of their ancestor; nor do I consider it necessary to inquire whether, having such a sale and conveyance, Stewart had a good case to go into chancery to cut off possible but unpublished equities ; nor do I consider it necessary to inquire whether there was sufficient or any evidence to support the 'decree. Those questions were all subject to the jurisdiction of the circuit court of Vanderburgh county, and might have been revised in the supreme court of Indiana.
Those courts had entire jurisdiction of the parties and the
cause, and its decree cannot be collaterally impeached. I am authorized to say that Mr. Justice DANIEL concurs in this opinion.

EX PARTE: IN THE MATTER OF WILLIAM WELLS, ON A PETITION
FOR A WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS.
The second article of the Constitution of the United States, section two, contains this Provision, namely: "The President shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons r offences against the United States, except in cases of impeachment."
Under'this power, the President can grant a conditional pardon to a person under sentenco of death, offering to commute that punishment into an imprisonment for life. If this is accepted by the convict, he has no right to contend that the pardon is absolute and the condition of it void. And the court below was justifiable in refusing to discharge the prisoner, when the application was placed upon that ground.
The language used in the Constitution as to the power of pardoning, must be construed by the exercise of that power in England prior to the Revolution, and in the States prior to the adoption of the Constitution.
The manner explained inwhich it was exercised in England and in many of the States. The language of the Constitution is such that the power of the President to pardon
conditionally is not one of inference, but is conferred in terms ; that language being to "grant reprieves and pardons," which includes conditional as well as absolute pardons. The acceptance, by the convict, of the condition, was not given under duress in tte legal acceptation of that term.
Tins was a motion for a writ of habeas corpus, founded on a petition by Wells, setting forth the following circumstances, viz.: -
That Wells was convicted of murder, at the December term, 1851, of the criminal court for the county of Washington, District of Columbia, and was sentenced by said court to be hanged on the 23d of April, 1852, on which said 23d of April, Mr. Fillmore, then President of the United States, granted "a pardon of the offence of which he was convicted, upon condition that he be imprisoned during his natural .life, that is, the sentence of death is hereby commuted to imprisonment for life in the penitentiary at Washington."

