SUPREME COURT.
Gridley et al. v. Wrynant.
This report was returned to the Governor, who directed that a title should issue to the applicant, and that the expedieute be remitted to the Departmental junta, for its approval. The decree and titulo describe a parcel of land included within natural boundaries; but in the conditions, it is confined to a single league in quantity.
Subsequently to this, Berreyesa complained to the Governor of the limitation, insisting that his petition had been for two leagues, and that be had returned the grant, to have it corrected. The Governor directed the proper inquiries, and the result was to concede the prayer of the petitioner; but, for some reason, the grant did not issue.
The board of commissioners confirmed the claim of the petitioners for one square league; and this decree was confirmed by the District Court on appeal, and it ordered the land to be located, according to the description and within the boundaries set out in the original grant, and delineated in the map contained in the expediente, to both of which reference is made for a more particular description. The genuineness of this grant and the fulfilment of the conditions are fully established, and the validity of the claim is unquestionable.
The appellees have requested the court to give instructions relative to the location and survey of this grant, similar to those found in the case of the United States v. Fossatt, 20 Howard. But no question was decided in the court below upon the location of the lines of the tract, and it would be irregular for this court to assume that the action of that court will not conform to the established rules on the subject. The decree of the District Court has not been called in question by the appellees; and should any difficulty arise in the location of the grant, it will be competent for the appellees to invoke the aid of that court.
Decree affirmed.
RUEL C. GRIDLEY, CLARISSA H. BEEBE, SARAH P. SNYDER,
AND CHARLES SNYDER, AND OTHEJRS, APPELLANTS, V. DAVID
WYNANT.
Where a married woman became a trustee of l]nd for the" lnefit of her son in law, and executed a deed (without joining her husband) to a bona fide pur.

DECEMBER TERM, 1859.
Gridley et al. v. Wynant.
chaser, who had paid the purchase money to the cestui que use, it was not necessary, under the circumstances of the case, for her husband to join in the deed. These circumstances were, that by executing the deed she did not defeat an estate to which her husband was entitled, nor did he claim adversely to the deed, but it was within the scope of her authority as trustee, and therefore will be sustained by a court of equity against her heirs. Her children, who were her heirs at law, having brought a suit at law to recover the land from the bona fide purchaser, a court of equity will interpose to restrain their proceedings. The alleged illegality of the consideration of the deed of trust--viz: that it was intended to protect the property of her son in law, who was insolvent-was not sufficient to destroy the independent equity of the bona fide purchaser, nor was it necessary to make the son in law a party when the bona fide purchaser sought relief in a court of equity against the title of the heirs.
Tms was an appeal from the District Court of the United States for the northern district of Iowa.
The case is stated in the opinion of the court.
It was submitted on printed arguments by Mr. Grantfor the appellants, and by Mr. Smith for the appellee.
Mr. Justice CAMPBELL delivered the opinion of the court. The appellee filed this bill to enjoin the appellants from prosecuting a suit to recover a parcel of land in his possession, and to quiet his title against their claim as heirs at lawof Sarah' A. Blakely, deceased. He charges in his bill that he purchased the land from William B. Beebe, and paid t6 him the purchase money, and that Mrs. Blakely made him a deed at the request of Beebe, who was-her son in law, and for whose use and benefit it had been conveyed to her with her consent. At the time of. her conveyance she was a married woman, and. the bill avers that by error, ignorance, or oversight,.her husband failed to join in her deed. The defendants admit that they claim as heirs at law of Mrs. ]Blakely, and insist that she was under a disability to convey land without the consent of her husband. They deny that she held the land in trust for Beebe, but insist that even if that were the case the trust was illegal, for

SUPREME COURT.
Gridley et al. v. Wynant.
that Beebe was an insolvent debtor, and the sole design of such a conveyance was to defraud and delay his creditors.
They object that Beebe is a necessary party in the cause. The District Court granted relief according to the prayer of the bill. The testimony sufficiently establishes the case made by the bill. It appears that Beebe purchased the land from the tenants in fee simple, and that it was conveyed to Mrs. Blakely by his directions, and that this was done because he was in debt, and did not desire the exposure of his property.
That he sold the land to the appellee, and that Mrs. Blakely executed to him titles without joining her husband in the conveyance. The question arises, whether the heirs at law of Mrs. Blakely can contest the validity of her conveyance. There is no incapacity in a married-woman-to become a trustee, and to exercise the legal judgment and discretion belonging to that character. A trustee in equity is regarded in the light of an instrument or agent for the cestui que trust, and the authority confided to him is in the nature of a power. It has long been settled that a married woman may execute a power withouL the co-operation of her husband. Sug. on Pow., 181. Some doubt has been expressed whether, at law, a married woman could convey an estate vested in her in trust, and inconveuiences have been suggested as arising from her asserted incapacity to make assurances which a court of law would recognise as valid. And it has been determined that she could not defeat a right of her husband, or impose a legal responsibility upon him by her unassisted act. Lewen on Trusts and Trustees, pp. 89, 90; Sug. on Pow., 192, 196; 2 Spence Eq., 31. But within the scope of her authority a court of equity will sustain her acts, and require those whose co-operation is necessary to confirm them. In the present instance, her deed was within the-scope of her authority and duty. She did not defeat an estate to which her husband was equitably entitled, nor does he claim adversely to it. The complainants are her own children; her heirs at law, who are seeking to divest of his estate a bona fide purchaser, and to acquire one for themselves--one .to which their mothei had no claim in equity or gDod eonscience.. Nor can the appellants avail themselves of the ille-

DECEM3ER TERM, 1859.

503

Gridlqy et aZ. v. estrloolk t al.

gality of the consideration on which their mother became the trustee for Beebe. The trust has not only been constituted, but carried into execution. The appellee is not a mere volunteer seeking to enforce its terms, nor does his equity depend upon the validity of the trust for its support. He has an, independent equity, arising from his purchase from persons professing to hold a legal relation to each other and to the subject of the contract, and to enforce his right there is no need for any inquiry into the consideration or motives that o'erated upon these parties to assume their relation of trustee and cestui que trust. In such a case, equity does not refuse to lend its assistance. McBlair v. Gibbes, 17 How., 232.
The objection that Beebe is a necessary party to the bill cannot be supported. Beebe has not claimed adversely to the title of the appellee. The legal title has never been invested in him, nor do the appellants recognise any privity or connection with him. They claim the property discharged of any equity either in his favor or that of the appellee.
Upon the whole case, the opinion of the court is in favor of the appellee, and the decree of the District Court is affirmed.

RUEL GRIDLEY, CLARISSA H. BEEBE, SARAH P.
CHARLES SNYDER, AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS,
"WESTBROoK and JAmEs P. GUAGER.

SNYDER, AND V. EDWIN S.

Where proceedings are instituted in the State court of Iowa under certain articles of their code; and then removed into the United States court, although these proceedings do not conform to the mode prescribed for chancery proceedings in the courts of the United States, yet, if the pleadings and proofs show the matter in dispute between the parties, this court will adjudicate the questions which they present.
The principle adopted in the preceding case respecting the execution of a deed by a married woman as trustee, is equally applicable to a deed executed under a power of attorney granted by her.

THIS was an appeal from the District Court of the United States for the northern district of Iowa.
It arose out of the same circumstances nearly as the pre-

DECEMBER TERM, 1859.
Callan et al. v. Statham et at.
rena as Governor, Sutter gave copies of that title to the petitioners. In the testimony of Sutter, in the case of Pratt, he says "that he applied for the paper a few weeks before the couriers arrived with it; that duplicates were sent to him, and that it was designed as a bounty to the soldiers who had served under him, for their services in the war."
We have already expressed our opinion upon the merits of this title in several cases, during this and the last term; and it remains only to say that the decree of the District Court must be reversed, and the causes remanded, with directions to the District Court to dismiss the petition in each.

Jomx F.

CALA AND MICHAEL P. CALLAN, APPELLANTS, V. CHARLES W. STATHAM AND OTHERS.

Where a bill in chancery was filed to set aside a deed as being fraudulent against creditors, and it is charged in the bill that the consideration mentioned in the deed was not paid, it is not satisfactory that the defendant relies upon the answer that it was paid, considering the answer, which is responsive to the bill, as evidence of the payment, when the execution of the deed is surrounded by circumstapccs of suspicion.
In the present case, the payment of the purchase money was alleged to be a secret transaction between the vendor and vendee, and there were other circumstances attending the deed which sdrrounded it with suspicion. The evidence of payment must have been in the possession of the defendants, and they ought to have produced it.
The title of the defendant, although encumbered, could have been made clear; the price alleged to have been paid was inadequate; the vendor remained in possession and collected all the rents without accounting to the vendee ; the circumstance that the vendor was heavily in debt, and suits pending and maturing to judgment when he made the deed-all these things induce this court not to disturb the decree of the court below, which directed the property to be sold for the satisfaction of creditors.

Tmis was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia.
The -acts of the case are stated in the opinion of the court.

It was argued by Mr. Walter S. Cox and Ar. Daris for the

SUPREME C(OURT.
Oallan et al. v. Statham d aI.
appellants, and by Mr. Chilton and Mr. Davidge for the appellees.
The arguments and points of law were very dependent upon the facts of the case, and are therefore omitted.
Mr. Justice NWELSO delivered the 6pinion of the court. This is an appeal from a decree of the Circuit Court of the District of Columbia. The suit below was a creditor's bill, filed by Statham and Dthers, the appellees, to set aside a deed made by J. F. Callan and wife to M. P. Callan, on the 16th October, 1854, conveying lot No. 8, in square No. 456, with the improvements, in the city of Washington, and to, subject it to the payment of the plaintiffs' judgments. Judgments to an amount exceeding $3,000 were recorded against J. F. Callan, 5th May, 1855. The deed was iecorded 14th April, 1855. A second bill was filed against the same parties and others, on the 9th August, 1856,'by Austin Sherman, a judgment creditor of J. F. Callan, for the purpose of settiiig aside the same deed, and subjecting the property to the payment of his judgments recovered 2d April, 1855, and exceeding in amount $9,000. The two suits were consolidated, as the same proofs were equally applicable in respect to the charge of fraud in the execution of the conveyance sought to be set aside. The court below decreed that the deed wa8 fraudulent as against creditors, and directed the property to be sold, and the proceeds brought' into court for distribution. The case is here on an appeal from that decree. At the date of the deed of October, 1854, Callan was heavily in debt-several suits impending over him and maturing to judgments, to which the property in question would have been subject. The conveyance was made to a brother, for the considerdtion, as stated in the deed, of $4,900. The premises conveyed, according to the estimate of witnesses who were 'vell acquainted with them, were worth at the time exceeding

DECEMIBER TERM, 1859.

.47S

Callanet al. v. Stath7am et al

$15,000, assuming the title to be good, which will be noticed hereafter. The vendor continued to possess and occupy the property after the conveyance the same as before, leasing the buildings and collecting the rents in his own name, and not accounting to the vendee for the same. Indeed, the vendee seems to have taken no part in the management of the property; nor does it appear that he has exercised any act of ownership over it since the purchase, and down to the taking of the
proofs in these cases. Inthe answer of Callan, the vendor, to the bill of Statham
and others, to the charge that the consideration mentioned in the deed was not paid, he simply states that it had been fully paid by his brother, the vendee. The vendee, for his answer, adopts the answer of his co-defendant.
In their answer to the bill of Sherman, they concur in stating that $4,000 of the consideration were paid by the surrender of a note the vendee held against the other party, and $900 in cash, and that the payment was not made in presence of any third person.
NTo proof was given by the defendants in respect to the pay-
ment of the consideration, with a view of sustaining the allegation in the answers. They rely entirely upon the rule of pleading, that the answers are responsible to the bill, and to be taken as true till overthrown by proof on the other side. As they aver the payment was a transaction between themselves, and the principal part a,note held by the vendee, which he surrendered, the evidence in respect to which is therefore exclusively within their own knowledge, it would have been more satisfactory if they had given some proof in support of the answers, especially when there were other accompanying circumstances, tending to excite distrust and suspicion as to
the bona fides of thejdeed. Ad it respects the defect in the title relied on to reduce the
value of the property, it appears that J. F. Callan, in November, 1840, took a lease of this property from one W. Robinson, trustee of Alice Jennings, Alice joining in the lease for the term of her natural life, for the annual rent of $200; and in which lease it is agreed that, upon the death of the said

SUPREME COURT.
Callan et al. v. Statham et al.
Alice, the lessee shall have the right to purchase the estate for the price of $3,000; upon the payment of which, Robinson binds himself and his heirs to convey the title. Alice died in May, 1851, and Robinson some years earlier.
It is insisted, on the part of the defendants, that the heirs of Robinson,,and also of Alice, refuse to carry into execution this contract, and have refused to accept the $3,000. There is some obscurity upon the evidence, as it respects the precise state of this question at the time of the deed from Callan to his brother, in October, 1854. It is claimed on the part of the judgment creditors that this money had been paid, and that the deed from the heirs was kept back, in fraud of their rights. Perhaps the better opinion is, upon the facts, that the money has not been paid, and that the property is subject to this encumbrance. It is clear, however, that there is no serious embarrassment in the way of clearing the title on payment of the money.
It appears, by some arrangement, not particularly explained, with the heirs, after the death of Alice, Callan agreed to pay the interest on the $3,000, and which has been paid down to the month of July, 1854; and the case shows that, upon the payment of the purchase money, with the interest, from the period last mentioned, the title can be obtained. It would have been remarkable if this right of purchase had not been preserved, as it appears Callan has put on the property improvements to the amount of from $7,000 to $10,000.
The question as to the title is only impot:tant as entering into the estimate of the value of the proper ty, and as tending to rebut the undervaluation of the price, as charged in the bill. It ii clear, however, admitting the property to be subject to the payment of $3,000, that the price was considerably below its true value.
But, independently of this consideration, there are other facts in the case that may well justify the decree below-the most important, perhaps, the unsatisfactory evidence on the part of the Callans in respect to the payment of the consideration stated in the deed. This proof was vital, in order to uphold a deed in other respects surrounded with suspicion. "The

DECEMBER TERM, 1859.

481

Clifton v. Sheldon.

evidence was in their possession; and their admission that the transaction was secret made the proof still more'indispensable on their part. The want of it, under the circumstances, is nearly if not quite fatal to the validity of the deed as against creditors.
The continuance of the vendor in the possession audT occupation and full enjoyment of the premises, the same after the deed as before, and absence of interest in the subject manifested by the vendee, are circumstances not satisfactorily explained; also, the heavy indebtedness of J. F. Callan, and suits pending and maturing to judgment-all well known to the vendee.,
We are satisfied the decree of the court below is right, and Rhould be affirmed.

JOHN CLIFTON, CLAIMANT OF THE BRIG WATER WITCH, HER
TACKLE, &a., APPELLANT, V. WILLIAM H. SHELDON.
Where a decree was made by the Circuit Court, sitting in admiralty, that two persons should pay freight, one in the sum of $583.84, and the other in the sum of $1,754.22, and the latter only appealed' to this court, the appeal must be dismissed, as the amount in controversy is less than $2,000.
The rights of the two were distinct and independent; but if the freight be con sidered a joint matter, both should have joined in the appeal.

THIS was an appeal from the Circuit Court of the United States for the southern district of New York.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the dourt.
The motion to dismiss the appeal was argued by Mr. Dono-
hue in support of it, and by 31r. Owen against it.

Mr. Donohue's points were the following:

I. The record shows that Mr. Sheldon is ordered and de-

creed to pay between $1,800 and $1,900, besides costs, and

that Mr. Brower does not complain of the decree below.

IT. As'a matter of law, no appeal lies, unless the matter in

dispute, exclusive of costs, exceeds the sum of $2,000.

vor,. xXIII.

31

