DEOEMIBER TERM, 1861.

253

Rogers vs. Law.

ROGERS VS. LAW.
1. A claim for money lent where no demand for payment was made of the borrower in his lifetime against his executors until thirty-three years after the date of the loan, is properly rejected by a court of equity on distribution of the borrower's estate.
2. L. and wife conveyed to trustees the interest of the wife in certain estates, to be converted into money and invested by the trustees for the use of the wife during life, after her death for the use of the husband, and after the death of both to their daughter; and L. covenants that whenever it shall be ascertained and known what sum will thus be secured to the daughter, he will immediately thereupon secure to her a like sum to be paid out of his own estate. Held, that the value of the interest conveyed to the trustees for the ultimate use of the daughter must be ascertained by the conversion of the property into money or its equivalent, and such conversion is a condition precedent to the obligation of the father to secure a like sum to the daughter.
3. Testator gave certain legacies to his grandchildren, annexing to the legacies the condition that if either of the legatees, shall claim, ask, or demand, sue for, recover or receive any part or portion of his estate, rights, or credits, either in his lifetime or after his decease, under or by virtue of certain deeds, (particularly describing them,) then and in that case the bequest, &c., should be void. One of the grandchildren died under age. Upon the distribution of the testator's estate the two surviving grandchildren set up a claim under the interdicted deeds, and in the same proceeding they demanded the legacies. The claim finder the deeds was finally disallowed on its own demerits. Held, that by setting up that claim the grandchildren forfeited their right to the legacies.
4. A condition annexed to a legacy that the legatee shall make no claim or demand upon the testator's estate for a debt which, if not relinquished, might be recoverable, is lawful, and if the legatee accepts the testator's bounty he must take it cume onere.
/
Appeal from the decree of the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Columbia.-
This was a proceeding for the distribution of the estate of Thomas Law, deceased, among his creditors and legatees.

SUPREME COURT.
Rogers vs. Law.
TE e same cause was here before, and is reported as Adams et al. vs. Law, in 17 Htoward, 417. It was then remanded, and was fui ther proceeded in according to the opinion of this court. The questions which arose afterwards were on the following claims:
1. Lloyd N. Rogers made a claim as creditor for money lent in 1822. It was not shown that this debt had ever been demanded of the decedent in his lifetime, nor of his executors before 1855.
2. Lloyd N. Rogers also claimed as creditor under the deed which will be found described in the opinion of Mr. Justice Nelson.
3. The two children of Lloyd N. Rogers and the administrator of a third one, deceased, (grandchildren of the testator,) claimed legacies of $8,000 each. These legacies were given upon the condition that the legatees should not claim or demand, sue for, or receive any portion of the testator's estate under certain deeds mentioned and described in the will.
Mr. iason Campbell, of Maryland, for the appellants. 1. The fact of the loan by Mr. Rogers to Mr. Law in 1822 is established ; the only objection worthy of notice is that arising out of the lapse of time. The statute of limitations is not interposed by the residuary legatee, but by Mr. May, administrator of two specific legatees. They have no interest in the question. Enough will be left to pay them, whether this claim be allowed or not. But by the law of Maryland (which is the law of the District) it can be set up only by the executor, who in this case has not pleaded it. Bowling vs. Lamar, (1 Gill, 362;) Spencer vs. Spencer, (4 Mar. Ch., 465.)
2. The validity of the claim of Mr. Rogers under the deed to Calvert and Peter was affirmed by this court on the first appeal; but assuming that itwas not, it should be affirmed now. The auditor has overlooked the evidence on this point, which shows that the value of the property secured to Mrs. Rogers by that deed was $36,552 45; and Mr. Law's covenant pledged his estate to an equal amount.
3. The claims of the legatees were erroneously rejected by

DECEMBER TERM, 1861.

255

Rogers vs. _iw.

the court. In this the court committed the grave error of supposing that the case was one of election. The claims of these legatees, under the deeds mentioned in the will, are as creditors, and creditors are never put to an election. Kidney vs. Coussmaker, (12 Ves., 154;) Deg vs. Deg, (2 P. Wins., 418;) 2 Wms. on Exrs., 888; 2 Story Eq., § 1075. The doctrine of election is wholly inapplicable here. It is founded altogether upon an implied condition that he who accepts a benefit under an instrument must renounce all inconsistent benefits, and as the courts imply the condition they give the party affected by it his right of choice between the two. 1 White's Lead. Gas. in Eq., 233. But where the testator himself expresses the condition none can be implied, and such is this case. This condition has not been broken. Eliza P. Rogers, one of the legatees, died. under age and unmarried, and never received a dollar. The acts of her brother and sister cannot affect her interests. Ward on Legacies, 139. The other two legatees claimed nothing prior to this suit. What they claimed here was declared by this court to be without foundation. The other claims, under the marriage settlement, are made exclusively by their father. There has been no money received byany of the family from Mr. Law's estate, on any of the accounts interdicted by hirm. Suppose, however, the condition to have been broken, there is no bequest over, and so the condition is merely in terrorem, and will not work a forfeiture. 2 Wins. on Exrs., 790; 2 Jarm. on Wills, 46 ; Ward on Legacies, 139; Wheeler vs. .Bingham, (3 Atk., 368.)
I
31r. May and Mr.Brent, of Maryland, for appellees. 1. Mr.
Rogers withheld his claims, as creditor, until this cause was remanded. His claim for money lent to Mr. Law in 1822 is altogether stale. The plea of limitations is sufficiently relied on by the residuary devisee, and the auditor sc reports. This is sufficient in equity. McCormick vs. Gibson, (3 BI., 499;) 1 Mary. Dig., 411; Binney's case, (2 Bl., 99;) War. field vs. Banks, (11 Gill &Johnson, 98.) It is true that in' actions by creditors against the executor or administrator, in re-

SUPREME COURT.
.Rogers vs. Law.
spect to personal estate, the statute can be pleaded only by the personal representative. But this contest practically relates to the proceeds of Mr. Law's real estate. Besides this, the objection of staleness need not be made by exception or plea. Lingan vs. tenderson,(1 BI., 236 ;) Salmonvs. Clagelt,(3BI., 125;) 1 Md. Dig., 411; H~epburn's case, (3 B1., 95;) 2d Md. Oh. Dec., 231.
2. These remarks apply equally to Mr. Rogers's claim under the deed, and that claim must also fail on its merits. Mr. Law did not covenant to pay any sum until he had notice of the ascertained value of the funds received by Peter and Calvert, as trustees for the use of his daughter. There is no proof which tends to show that any property ever came to the trustees for the purposes of that trust. X-or is there any proof of his ever having had the enjoyment of the residuum of his wife's trust estate, for which he had stipulated.
3. It is too clear for argument that the testator designed to give those legacies to his grandchildren, on the express condition that neither they nor any one of them should claim anything out of his estate by reason of those deeds. Such an intention is legal. 6 Page, 388; 1Eden., 492; 2 Amb., 157; 8 Gill, 203; 5 Md. Rep., 306; 2 Gill, 181.
Mr. Justice NELSON-T. This is an appeal from a decree of the Circuit Court of the Unites States for the District of Columbia.
The appeal is from a decree of the court below, entered there upon the going down of the miandate of this court, in pursuance of its decision when the case was formerly here, on an appeal by the executor and trustee of the estate of Thomas Law, the settlement of which is the subject of litigation.
The case is reported in the 17 How., 417. This court reversed so much of the decree in the court below as gave to the grandchildren of the testator by Eliza, his daughter, wife of Lloyd N. Rogers, an interest, under certain limitations, in the deed of marriage settlement of the 19th March, 1796, amounting to the sum of $66,154 81, and affirmed the residue of said

DECEM3ER TERM, 1861.

Rogers vs. Law.

decree. This sum, by the decision, fell, of course, into the

residuum of the estate of Law, for distribution among the

creditors, legatees, and distributees.

When the case came again before the auditor appointed by

the court below, several claims were presented for allowance,

which were heard and examined by .him, and his decision

thereon reported to the court; and, after exceptions and argu.

ment, the report was confirmed. These several claims are now

the subject of review by this court, upon the present appeal.

The first is a claim by Lloyd N. Rogers, as a creditor of the

estate, and is founded upon an alleged loan of money to the

testator, Law, as early as 1822. This claim was rejected by

the auditor, upon the ground the proofs were not satisfactory

that the loan had ever been made by Rogers. The lapse of

time, also, since it was alleged to have been made, some thirty-

three years, without, for aught that appears, presenting it to

the testator in his lifetime, or against the estate since his death,

strongly confirms the conclusion of the auditor. We think the

item was properly rejected.

The next claim is also by Lloyd N. Rogers, as a creditor of

the estate, and is founded upon a deed executed by, Thomas

Law, the testator, and Eliza Parke Law, his wife, on the 9th

August, 1804, to George Calvert and Thomas Peter. The

deed conveys to the grantees all the right and interest, real or

personal, of Eliza P., the wife, and of Thomas Law, the hus-

band, in right of his wife, to which she might or would be en-

titled from the estate of George Washington, or from the

estate of her father, John Parke Custis, in trust, to convert

the same into money, &c., &c., and to apply the interest or in-

come of $10,000 to the sole use of the said Eliza P. during her

lifetime. This sum was also made subject to her absolute dis-

position by will, or, in case of dying intestate, to be conveyed

to her heirs; and, after deducting the $10,000 from the fund,

to apply the rents, issues, and profits of the residue to the sole

use and benefit of the said Eliza P., for and during her life,

and, after her death, to pay the said income to Thomas Law,

the husband, (if then living,) for and during his life; and after

the death of both, then to convey the whole of the residue to

VOL. i.

17

SUPREME COURT.
Rogers vs. Law.
Eliza, the daughter. And then comes the covenant of Thomas Law, which constitutes the ground of the present claim. The said Thomas covenants, to and with the trustees, that whensoever the full amount and value of the funds shall be ascertained and known, which may or shall come to their (the trustees') hands, in virtue of this trust, and it can be thereby ascertained what sum shall be secured, to come ultimately therefrom to his said daughter, Eliza, after the death of her father and mother, that he will immediately thereupon secure to his said daughter a like sum, to be paid to her out of his estate at the death of her saidfather andmother.
It will be seen by this deed that it was made the duty of the trustees, as soon as practicable, and without sacrifice of the interest of Mrs. Law in the estates of George Washington, and her father, John Parke Custis, to convert the property into money, and invest the same in stock or other securities; and, after setting apart the sum of $10,000, assigned to her absolutely, the income of the residue was to be applied to her for life, and, after her death, to the husband, if he survived, for life; and, at his death, the whole, principal and interest, to be transferr~d to Eliza, the daughter. And it was this residue, thus ultimately to be transferred to her, which, when ascertained and known, the father covenanted immediately thereupon to secure to her a like sum, to be paid out of his estate at the death of both parents. The conversion of the residue of the estate thus limited, and ascertainment of the amount of it in money or stocks or other securities, as prescribed in the deed, are, by the very terms of the covenant, a condition precedent to the obligation of the father to secure a like sum to the daughter. An appraisal or valuation of this residue of Mrs. Law's interest in the two estates will not answer the condition. The amount must be ascertained by a conversion of the property into money, or its equivalent. This is not only the fair meaning of the terms of the covenant, but the obvious intent of the parties in the connection in which it is found.
This being, in our view, the true construction of the covenant, it is only necessary to say, that there was no evidence before the auditor that its condition had been complied with,

DECEMBER TERM, 1861.

259

Rogers vs. Law.

either in the lifetime of the testator or since his death. We are of opinion, therefore, that the claim was properly rejected.
The third claim arises upon a codicil to the will of the tes-
tator, Thomas Law, which bequeaths to the three grandchildren, the children of his daughter Eliza by Lloyd N. Rogers, $8,000 each, upon this, express condition, that if the grandchildren, as heirs or devisees of their late grandmother, Mrs. Law, shall claim or demand, &c., any portion of his estate, rights, or credits, under or by virtue of certain indentures in
the said codicil specially enumerated, then, and in that case, the bequest in the codicil to benull and void.
The other legatees und.er the will of the testator object to the allowance of these three legacies, for the reason that the condition upon which they were to become null and void has happened, namely, a claim against the estate of the testator as heirs or representatives of their grandmother, Mrs. Law. The auditor, after stating the facts of the case as presented to him, and the question of law arising out of them, referred it to the c.urt 'below for their direction.
The court held, that the sum of $32,585 76, which had been awarded to Lloyd N. Rogers, as administrator of Eliza, his wife, and which was claimed and allowed under one of the interdicted deeds, and which belonged to her children, as distributees, if claimed, or received by them, would be inconsistent with their right to the legacies according to the condition of the bequest, and by the decree gave the choice to the legatees to take the legacies under the will, or the distributive shares of the fund. The court were of opinion that no claim
had yet been made for the distributive shares; but that, according to the true meaning of the bequest, the legatees were not entitled to both funds, and that, for the purposes of the settlement of the estate, they should be put to their election within a time mentioned. We are inclined to think, upon the facts in the case, a claim had already been made of the fund by the legatees and those representing them, which came from the estate of the testator through their grandmother, under and by virtue of one of the interdicted deeds, and which operated to annul the legacies; but, as the views of the court

SUPREME COURT.
Rogers vs. Law.
below, and the decree in pursuance thereof, lead to the same result substantially, it is unnecessary to interfere with them.
The condition upon which the legacies were to fall is very specific and explicit: that "if the said children," "or either of them, or any person or persons on their behalf or account, or in behalf or on account of either of them, as heir or heirsat-law, or devisees or devisee of their grandmother," "shall claim, ask, or demand, sue for, recover, or receive any part or portion of my estate, rights or credits, either in my lifetime or after my decease, under or by virtue of certain indentures -enumerating three-or under or by virtue of any other inlenture," "which the said Thomas Law and E. P. Law, or E. P. Custis, meaning Mrs. Law, may have been parties, or to which any other person or persons with the said Thomas Law may have been parties for the benefit of E. P. Law, or E. P. Oustis, or her heirs; then, and in that case, the bequest, &c., shall be null and void."
Besides the distributive shares to the grandchildren, which the court below held as coming from one of the interdic'ted deeds, and inconsistent with the condition upon which the bequests oF' the legacies were made, the two surviving grand. children had set up a claim in that court to an interest amounting to the sum of $66,154 84, under the interdicted deeds of 1796, 1800, and 1802, and which sum was awarded to them by the decree of the court. On an appeal to this court the decree was reversed, and the claim disallowed, as will be seen in the report of the case already referred to. We are of opinion this claim and litigation were in. violation of the condition annexed to the bequest of the legacies. The legatees are forbidden to claim, ask, demand, sue for, recover, or receive any portion of the estate of the testator under these deeds, as the representatives of their grandmother.
The testator in his will had stated his fears that he had settled upon the children of his daughter-these grandchildren -more than the other grandchildren would receive from his estate, unless his property should rise in value, in which case he would make another will. This impression, doubtless, led to the stringent condition annexed to the bequest in the codicil

DECEMBER TERM, 1861.
Rogers vs. Law.
which was executed nearly two years later. The condition is not put upon the possession, recovery, or receipt of any portion of his estate under these deeds, but upon a claim or demand, or suit for the same; and the testator directs, if the terms of the bequest are not acceptable to the grandchildren, that his executor shal contest with them to the utmost their right to claim the legacies. It may well, we think, be doubted, if the judgment of the court against their claim, under these deeds, aftgr a long and expensive litigation, can save the legacies from a breach of the condition. The very special terms of it would seem to have been intended to save the estate from any such litigation, so far as regarded the right to the enjoyment of the legacies.
An objection was taken, on the argumeut, to the legal effect and operation of this condition, but we entertain no doubt as to its force and validity. The condition is lawful, and one which the testator had a right to annex in the disposition of' his own property. The legatees are not bound to accept the bequest, but, if accepted, it must be subject to the disabilities annexed; it must be taken cum onere, or not at all.
There are some other items of minor importance, to which exceptions have been taken, but we see no well-grounded objection to them.
The decree of the court below affirmed.

DECEMBER TERM, 1861.
.mcCooz vs. Smith.
But he was not able to prove such averments, if they had been made, and his case failed both in its pleadings and its proofs; consequently there was error in ruling the demurrers of the plaintiff to the 4th, 6th, and 7th pleas of defendant in favor of plaintiffs. The pleas alleged proper matters of defence to the suit, either in whole or in part. They were sufficient on general demurrer, which goes back to the first error in pleading. And from what we have already said, the first error in pleading is found in the declaration. It is not necessary to discuss more at large the form of the pleadings, or whether the action should not have been convenant and not debt, as the plaintiff was not entitled to recover in any form of action, according to the undisputed facts in evidence.
Thejudgment of the Circuit Court reversed, andvenire de novo.
MaCooL VS. SMITH.
1. A statute of Virginia, passed after the 1st of March, 1784, when Virginia ceded to the United States her territory north and west of the Ohio, has not, and never had, any force within the limits of Illinois.
2. In ascertaining who is meant by next of kin in a statute of Illinois regulating descents or a distribution, the computation must be made according to the rules of the common law.
3. It is a sound rule, that whenever a Legislature in this country uses a term, without defining it, which is well known in the English law, it must be understood in the sense of the English law.
4. By the rules of the common law, terms of kindred, when used in a statute, include only those who are legitimate, unless a different intention is clearly manifested.
5. In Illinois a plaintiff in ejectment cannot recover upon a title which he acquired after the commencement of the suit. Such a recovery would be against an inflexible rule of the common law and an express statute of that State.
6. One statute is not to be construed as a repeal of another if it be possible to reconcile the twc together.
Writ of error to the Circuit Court of the United States for the northern district of Illinois.

SUPREME COURT.
r CooZ vs. Smith.
Hamilton McCool brought ejectment in the Circuit Court against Spencer Smith for the northeast quarter of section eleven, in township 10 north, of range 1 west, of the fourth principal meridian. The defendant pleaded not guilty, and a jury being called, found the following special verdict:
"That the land mentioned in the said declaration was, on the 7th day of June, 1818, duly granted by the United States to Alonzo Redman, for his military services in the late war between the United States and Great Britain; that said Redman was the illegitimate son of Polly Norris; that said Polly Norris had three other illegitimate children, named Eleanor Fogg, Joseph Meleher, and Sophia Norton; that Eleanor Fogg died without issue in the year 1824; that Joseph Melcher died without issue in the year 1814; that Alonzo Redman died without issue in the year 1825; that Polly Norris died without any other issue than as above stated, in the year 1837; that Sophia Norton married Reuben Rand in the year 1816; that Reuben Rand died in June, 1853; that Sophia Rand, on the 28d day of June, 1854, by her quit claim deed of that date duly executed, conveyed said land to one Levi F. Stevens; that said Stevens, on the 21st day of April, 1855, by his quit-claim deed of that date, duly conveyed said land to Spencer Smith, the plaintiff.
"That the General Assembly of the State of Illinois passed an act, entitled 'An act to amend an act concerning the descent of real property in this State, approved February 12, 1853,' which act was approved by the Governor on the 16th day of February, 1857, which act is in the words and figures following, viz:
"'SECTIoN 1. Be it enacted by the people of the State of Illinois, representedin the GeneralAssembly, That in all cases where any person shall have died, leaving any real property, before the passage of the act to which this is an amendment, which, by the provisions of the act to which this is an amendment, would have descended to any illegitimate child or children, such child or children shall be deemed and adjudged to be the owner of such real property, the same as if such act had been in force at the time of such death, unless "such property shall have been proceeded against, and the title thereto vested in tho

DECEMBER TERM. 1861.
HAc Cool vs. Smith.
State, or other persons, under the law of this State concerning, escheats.
"' SECTION 2. In all such cases, hereinbefore specified, where any such illegitimate child or children shall have sold and conveyed such real property by deed duly executed, or where the same would have descended by the provisions of the act to which this is an amendment; and shall have been conveyed by deed by the person'to whom the same would have descended, then such conveyances shall vest the same title thereto in the grantee as by this act is vested in such illegitimate child, from the date of such deed, and in all actions and courts such grantee shall be deemed to be the owner of such real property from the time of the date of the conveyance.
"'SECTION 3. This act shall be in force from and after its passage.'
"That said lands have never been proceeded against, and the title thereto vested in the State, or other persons, under the law of this State concerning escheats.
"We further find, that John Brown, collector of taxes, in and for the county of Warren, and State of Illinois, did, on the 25th day of May, 1840, sell said land to Isaac Murphy, for the taxes due to the State and county aforesaid, upon said land, for the year 1839, and that he did, on the 9th day of September, 1843, in pursuance of said sale by deed of that date, convey said land to the said Murphy; that said collector, in making such sale and conveyance, did not comply with the law authorizing the sale of lands for taxes, and that said deed was for that reason invalid as a conveyance of the legal title. That said Murphy claiming said land in good faith, under said deed, improved, occupied, and cultivated the same, and paid all the taxes assessed thereon, for and during the years 1843, 1844, 1845, and 1846. That said Murphy, on the 7th day of April, 1847, by his deed of that date, conveyed the said land to Hamilton J. McOool, the defendant, who immediately thereafter took possession thereof, and has been in the actual possession thereof ever since, claiming the same in good faith, under said conveyances, and that he has paid all the taxes assessed upon said land for and during the years 1847, 1848, 1849, 1850,

SUPREME COURT.
HMC Cool, vs. ,Smith.
1851, 1852, 1853, 1854, 1855, and 1856. That the taxes so paid to the said State and -county, by the said Murphy and McCool, amount to the sum of one hundred and nine dollars. If from these facts the court is of the opinion that the plaintiff is entitled to recover, &c., then we find for the plaintiff, and that said plaintiff is the owner of the land, in fee simple, and assess his damages at one cent; otherwise, we find for the defendant."
Upon this verdict the Circuit Court gave judgment for the plaintiff, and the defendant took his writ of error.
Mr. Browning, of Illinois, for plaintiff in error. Redman being an illegitimate child,,his mother could not take under the ordinance of,1787, which speaks only of children, descendants, parents, next of kin, &c. When words denoting kindred are used, either in laws or private instruments, without other additions, they include none but legitimate kindred. 2 Kent's Com., 212-18; 4 Kent's Com., 418-14; 8 Cruise Dig. Tit., 29, dn. 2, sec. 8, and note; 2 Domat., p. 26, Art. 2455; p. 49, Art. 2497 and 8; p. 88, Art. 2571; p. 211, Art. 2861; p. 280, Art. 3029; p. 283, Art. 3086; p. 178, Articles 2793 and 4; Illinois Stat. of Wills, sections 46, 47, and 53; Bayley vs. Mollard, (1 Russel & Mylne, 575;) S.C. 4 Cond. Eng. Chancery R., 565; Wilkinson vs. Adams, (1 Ves. & Bea., ,422;) Swaine vs. Kennedy, (1 Ves. & Bea., 469;) Beachcrofl vs. Beacherofl, (1 Madd., 234;) Sherman vs. Angel, (1 Bailey Eq. R., 851;) Col. lins vs. ifoxie, (9 Paige, 88;) -Durantvs. _riend, (11 Eng. Law and Eq. R., 2;) Owen vs. Bryant, (13 Eng. Law and Eq. R., 217.)
The Illinois statute of 1829 provided, not that bastards should inherit from each other, or that their mother should inherit from them, but only that they should inherit from their mother. At any rate it does not embrace this case, for Redman died four years before it was passed.
The act of'1853 did provide, that upon the death of an illegitimate person leaving no husband, wife, or children, his or her estate should go to the mother; and if there was no mother,. then to the mother's next of kin. But this act was prospect,

DECEM1BER TERM, 1861.
.Icool vs. Smith.
ive, and did not meet a case like this, where the decedent had died long before.
It was after the commencement of this suit that the plaintiff procured the act of 1857 to be passed, which is set forth in the special verdict, and which declares that the act of 1853 shall relate back to the cases of illegitimate persons whe died before its passage. As a law which impairs existing rights, its validity cannot be sustained. Gaines et at. vs. Buford, (1 Dana, 499;) -olden vs. James, (ll Mass., 404;) .oke vs. H enderson, (4 Dev., 7;) Wallcy's H irs vs. Kennedy, (2 Yerg., 564;) Bank vs. Cooper's Securities, (2 Yerg., 600;) Jones vs. Perry, (10 Yerg., 69;) Picquet'sAppeal, (5 Pick., 65;) Lewis et al.vs. Webb, (3 Greenl., 326.) Was it a legislative grant of public land by the State? The title was not vested in the State by a judgment of escheat, and therefore the grantee could take nothing, certainly nothing more than the inchoate right of the State. Ill. St. of Escb., Rev. Code of 1845, p. 225; 3 Blackstone Com., 259; -Fairfax's -Deviseevs. Runter's Lessee, (7 Cranch, 625-6;) 2 Curtis, 690-1; Craigvs. Bradford,(3 Wheat., 599;) S.C. 4 Curtis, 308; 3 Com. Dig., Tit. Escheat, page 598, bottom paging; -Denvs. Simpson, (Cam. & Nor., 192;). Marshall vs. Loveless, (Cam. & Nor., 233;) MeCrury vs. Allender, (2 lHar. & Mcflen., 409;) .Doe vs. Horniblea,(2 EHayw., 37.)
If a proceeding had been instituted against the land as escheated, the present defendant would have been made a party, and his defence would have been unanswerable. IHe had bought the land from the State at a tax sale, paid for it, and been in possession fourteen years. But the grant was not to the plaintiff. If it vested title in anybody, it was either in Sophia Rand, who would have inherited under the act of 1853, or else in her grantee, Levi F. Stephens. True, Stephens attempted to convey to the plaintiff, but he had no title, and as his deed was merely a quit claim, his subsequently acquired title did not inure to the benefit of the plaintiff. Jac. Law Diet. Grant -Dellanyvs.Burrelt, (4 Grl., 493;) -Funkvs. Dart, (14 l., 307;) Phelps vs. Klog, (15 Ill., 135.)
Even admitting that the act of 1857 was valid, conceding that it could operate retrospectively, nd granting that it vested

SUPREME COURT.
.t C'ool vs. Smith.
a title in the plaintiff himself, still he could not recover in this action, because it was commenced before he acquired his title. Such is the rule of the common law, and the ejectment statute of Illinois is emphatic and clear to the same effect. Section 3 provides that no person shall recover in ejectment unless he has title at the time of commencing the action.
Besides all this, the defendant was completely protected by the statute of limitations, which declares that seven years' possession of land, with payment of taxes, shall entitle the occupant to be adjudged the legal owner to the extent of his proper title.
Mr. Zellogg, of Illinois, for defendant in error, argued that the mother of Redfield was his next of kin within the meaning of the law of descents, though the son was illegitimate; that his illegitimate sister could inherit, through her mother; and that the act of 1857 was constitutional.
1. The subtleties and refinements of the common law are not adopted in Illinois. In Hays vs. Thomas, (Breese, 186,) the Supreme Court of that State held that the civil law mode of ascertaining who are next of kin ought to be adopted in construing our statute; and therefore the mother is to be regarded as next of kin to her son. This is conclusive.
'2. An illegitimate child may inherit land from the mother. The Illinois statute of descents declares, as its first proposition, that estates of persons dying intestate shall descend to his or her children and their descendants in equal parts.
That at common law, the word child, when used in statutes of this character, was limited to one born in lawful wedlock, is undeniable. But does the English law on this subject prevail in Illinois? No. From the earliest history of that State the policy of her legislation has been to change the English law. The statute of Virginia, passed in 1787, made bastards capable of inheriting from their mother, and transmitting inheritances on her part. This positive enactment, directly contravening the common law, became and was the law of Illinois until 1845, when the Legislature of the State expressly adopted the Virginia statute, by providing that the children of a single woman

DECENIBER TERM, 1861.

465

.lc Cool vs. Smith.

should not be excluded from taking her property by inheritance on account of their illegitimacy. Following this act of 1845, and amendatory of it, was the act of 1857.
Even at common law, bastards are recognised as children for every purpose but that of succession.. Tenn. Rep., 101. They may take under a devise as children of their mother: Corn. Dig., Baslard,E. They are punishable for incest: Regina vs. Cha.ffin.
It is established by the authority of Hays & Thomas that the
statutes of distribution are to be construed by the civil law. Bythat law an illegitimate person may inherit from the mother, she being sufficiently certain, though the father is not.
The very point was decided in HYeath vs. White, (5 Conn., 228,) that the word children in a statute for the purpose of inheriting from the mother shall be construed to include illegitimate children; and the same doctrine was expressly held in BurlinqIon vs. Fosby; (6 Va., 83.)
3. The act of 1857 was constitutional and valid. To mako a statute void it must be shown that it comes in direct confli.t with some constitutional prohibition. It is not enough that it is retroactive, or divests antecedent rights, or gives remedies for defects in a title which would otherwise have been fatal, or affects pending suits, or gives a party rights which he did not possess before, unless it also impairs the obligation of a contract, or has the character of an ex postfacto law. Satterlee vs. .Malthewson, (2 Pet., 880;) Watson vs. Mercer, (8 Pet., 110;) Charles -RiverBridge vs. Warren Bridge, (11 Pet., 509;) Wilson
vs. Baptist .Educ. Soc., (10 Bach., 318;) Syracuse Bank vs. Davis, (16 Bach., 188;) Underwood vs. Lilly, (10 Serg. & Rawle, 97;) Tate vs. Stoolzfoas, (16 Serg. & R., 35;) -epburn vs. Kurtz, (7 Watts, 360;) Baughervs.l.N,lson, (9 Gill, 299;) Goshen vs. Stonington, (4 Conn., 410;) lllather vs. Chapman, (6 Conn., 54;) Beech vs. Walker, (6 Conn., 190;) Booth vs. Booth, (7 Conn., 365;) Norton vs. Pettibone, (7 Conn., 316.) But this act of 1857 took away no existing right; it simply construes the acts of 1845 and 1853 by making them relate to previous as well as to subsequent cases. It confirms rights, but does not destroy them.

M r. Justice SWAYINE. This was an action of ejectment

VOL. I.

30

SUPRETNIE COURT.
X cool vs. Smith.
in the court below. Smith was plaintiff, and McCool defendant. A special verdict was found by the jury. 'The court rendered judgment for the plaintiff. The defendant has brought the case here by a writ of error, and is the plaintiff in error in this court.
The material facts of the case, as shown in the record, are as follows:
Polly Norris had four illegitimate children. Their names were: Alonzo Redman, Eleanor Fogg, Joseph Melcher, and Sophia Norton.
Alonzo Redman was the patentee of the land in controversy. He died without issue in the year 1825.
Joseph Melcher died without issue in the year 1814. Eleanor Fogg died without issue in the year 1824. Sophia Norton married Reuben Rand in the year 1816. Reuben Rand-died in June, 1853. Polly Norris died in 1887 without having had any other issue than those named. Sophia Rand, on the 23d day of June, 1854, by her quitclaim deed of that date, duly executed, conveyed the land in controversy to Levi F. Stevens. Stevens, on the 21st of April, 1855, by a like deed of that date, conveyed the land to Smith, the plaintiff. The first law of Illinois, making the blood of bastards heritable, was passed in 1829. This was wholly prospective, and is no otherwise material in this case than as showing the sense of the Legislature of the necessity of such legislation to produce that result. On the 12th of February, 1853, the Legislature passed another law upon the same subject. It provides, that "on the death of any such person"His or her property shall go to the widow or surviving husband and children, as the property of other persons in like cases. If there be no children, the whole property shall vest in the surviving widow or husband. If there be no widow or husband, or descendants, the property shall vest in the mother apd her children, and their de-

DECEMBER TERM,. 1861.
eCool vs. S'mith.
scendants: the mother taking one-half;. the "other hhlf to'b equally divided between her children and their descendants;
If there be no heirs as above provided,- then the propeity shall vest "in the next of kin of the mother, in the same manner as the estate of a legitimate person."
This act also was prospective, and did not affect this case. On the 16th of February, 1857, the Legislature passed ,an act amending the preceding act. The first section provides, that where any person shll have! died before the passage of the amended act, leaving property,; which by the provisions of that act would have descended to any illegitimate child or children, such child or children shalt be deemed the owner of such property, "the same as if such -act had been in force at the time of such death," unless the title shall have been "vested in the State, or other persons, under the law of this State concerning escheats." The second section provides, that in 'all the cases befofe specified where such illegitimate child has conveyed the property by deed, duly executed, "or when the same would have descended by the provisions of the act to which this is aii amendment, and shall have been conveyed by deed by the person to whom the same would have descended, then such conveyances shall vest the same title thereto in the grantee, as by this act-is vested in such illegitimate child from the date of such deed, and in all actions and courts such grantee shall be deemed to be the owner of such real property from the Aime of the date of the conveyance." This act took effect from its date. It is claimed by the counsel of the defendant in error that, "at the time of the cession of the northwestern territory to the General Government by the State of Virgin.ia, the statute of that State directing the course of descents, passed in 17'85, and which took effect January 1st, 1787, provided as follows: "In making title by descent, it shall be no bar to a party, that any ancestor, through whom he deriies his descent fromt the intestate, is or hath been an alien. Bastards also shall be capable of inheriting, or of .transmittinginheritance.o- the part o,

SUPREME COURT.
e Cool vs. Smith.
their mother, in lice manner as ifthey had been. lawfully begotten of sue." mother."
It is claimed, also, that this statute continued in force in Illinois during the whole period of her Territorial existence, and after she became a State to a period later than the death of Alonzo Redman.
To this proposition there is a conclusive answer. The General Assembly of Virginia, by a resolution of the 20th of October, 1783, authorized her delegates in Congress to execute a deed, ceding to the United States all her "right, title, and claim, as well of soil as jurisdiction," to the territory northwest of Ohio. The deed was executed on the 1st of *March, 1784. From that time, except as to the reservations expressed in the deed, which in nowise affect the question here under consideration, Virginia had no more claim to, or jurisdiction over that territory, than any other State of the Union. It is also claimed, that the act of the Legislature of Illinois of 1819, which was in force at the time of the death of Alonzo Redman, gave his estate, under the circumstances, to "the next of kin," and that applying the civil law interpretation to those terms, his mother was such "next of kin," and hence took an estate of inheritance in the land in question under that act. Breese's Reports, 136, Iays vs. Thomas, is relied upon as authority for this proposition. In that case, the principle was applied as between legitimate persons claiming under a legitimate decedent. The same remark applies to Hlillhouse vs. Chester, (3 Day's Rep., 166;) which the case of Hays vs. Thomas followed. In Rillhouse vs. Chester, the court say: "It cannot be pretended that the plaintiff is next of in to Mary, if we give the same construction to the words which they have received in the English law." "It has always been held that, to ascertain who this person is, the computation is to be made according to the rules of the civillaw." "Our statute, which directed that, in such an event, the estate of the intestate, both real and pejsonal, should go to

DECEMBER TERM, 1861.
.A[cCooZ vs. Smith.
the next of kin, was enacted at a time when the aforesaid statute of Car. Ii, and the construction given to it, was perfectly known. It is a sound rule, that whenever our Legislature use a term without defining it, which is well known in the English law, and there has been a definite appropriate meaning affixed to it, they must be supposed to use it in the sense in which it is understood in the English law."
The class of adjudications in England referred to were never claimed to affect the legal condition of bastards there. How can the same principle, decided in Hays & Thomas, have that effect in Illinois?
It is also claimed that the legal status of Alonzo Redman, at the time of his death, is to be determined by the civil and not by the common law; and it is insisted, that by the provisions of the civil law legitimate and illegitimate children stood upon a footing of equality. We have not deemed it necessary to examine the provisions of the civil law referred to, because, in our judgment, they have no application to the subj3ct. When Alonzo Redman died, the common law of England was in full force in the State of Illinois.
,The ordinance of 1787 guaranteed that "judicial proceedings" in the Territory should be "according to the course of the common law. "In 1795, the Territorial governor and judges adopted that law for the Territory.
By an act of the Legislature of Illinois, of the 4th of February, 1819, it was provided:
"That the common law of England, and all statutes or acts of the British Parliament made in aid of the common law prior to the 4th year of the reign of King James the 1st, excepting the second section of the sixth chapter of XLIII Elizabeth, the eighth chapter XU[- Elizabeth, and ninth chapter XXXVII Kenry VIII, and which are of a general nature, and not local to that kingdom, shall be the rule of decision, and shall be considered of full force until repealed by legislative authority."
This act has been in force ever since its date: 3 Scam., 301, Penny vs. Little; idem, 120, Boger vs. Sweet; id., 396, Stewart vs. Th People; 5 Gil., 180, Seeley vs. Peters.

SUPREME COURT.
.Hcool vs. Smith.
The Wills act of 1829, section 47, that of 1845, section 58, and the act of 1853, all, by the clearest implication, recognise the heritable disabilities of the illegitimate in the absence of enabling statutes. Such is also the theory of the act of 1857.
By the rules of the common law, terms of kindred, when used in a statute, include only those who are legitimate, unless a different intention is clearly manifested. This is conceded by the counsel for the defendant in error. The proposition is too clear to require-either argument or authority to sustain it.
The legal position of Alonzo Redman, at the time of his death, was what the common law made it. In the eye of that - law, he wasfilius nullius. He had neither father, mother, nor sister. He could neither take from, nor transmit to, those standing in such relations to him, any estate by inheritance.
These views bring us to the conclusion that no title to the land in controversy was ever vested in Polly Norris, and none in Sophia Rand, nor in the plaintiff below, until the act oF February 16, 1857, took effect.
This suit was commenced on the 2d day of July, 1855. Conceding that the act of 1857 vested in the defendant ia error a valid title, can he recover in this action? The rule of the 6ommon law is inflexible, that a party can recover in ejectment only upon a title which subsisted in him at the time of the commencement of the suit. Johnson vs. J-ones, decided at this term. So regardful has the State of Illinois been of this principle, that she has embodied it in a statute. Her ejectment act provided that-
"No person shall recover in ejectment unless he has, at the time of commencing the action, a valid subsisting interest in the premises claimed, and a right to recover the same, or to recover possession thereof, or some share, interest, or portion thereof, to be proved or established at the trial."
If the plaintiff below can succeed in this action, it must be because the act of 1857 impliedly repeals this provision as to this case. If there were no such statutory provision, the act of 1857, being in derogation of the common law, would be cbnstrued strictly. "A repeal by implication is not favored." "The leaning of the courts is against the doctrine, if it be

DECEMBER TERM, 1861.

.c Cool vs. Smith.

possible to reconcile the two acts of the Legislature together."

Sedg. Stat. and Cons. Law, 127; 4 Gill and J., 1, Canal Cb.

vs. 1Railroad C.; 5 Hill, 221, Bowen vs. Lease; 2 Barb. S. 0.

R., 316, Williams vs, Potter.

We see nothing in the act of 1857 which indicates a purpose

to contravene this common law principle and supersede this

statutory provision as respects this action. It is possible to

reconcile the two acts. It may well be that the Legislature

intended to vest the title retrospectively for the purpose of

giving effect to mesne conveyances and preventing frauds,

without intending also to throw the burden of the costs of an

action of ejectment, then pending, upon a defendant, who, as

the law and the facts were at the commencement of the action,

must have been the successful party. A stronger case than

this must be presented to induce us to sanction such a,result

by our judgment. If the plaintiff below can recover, it must

be in action brought after the 16th of February, 1857. He

cannot recover upon a title acquired since the commencement

of this suit.

,

In holding otherwise, the court below committed an error.

Several other very important questions have been discussed

by the counsel of the parties. We have not considered them;

and intimate no opinion in regard to them.

The judgment below must be reversed, and the cause remanaea,

with instructions to enter aj dgment for the plaintiff in error

upon the special verdiot.

