458

DOE, LESSEE OF PooR, v. CONSIDINE. [SUp. Ct

Statement of the case.

that it remained in the office, a certiorariwouldhave been sent down on a prayer of diminution; but as it has been satisfactorily proved to have been lost or destroyed, it is not a case for a certiorari.
The Palmyra*is an authority for granting the relief sought at the succeeding term of the court in a case like the pres. ent. In that case, when the cause was called at the February Term, 1825, upon an inspection of the record, it did not appear from the transcript that there had been a final decree rendered in the court below, and for this reason the appeal was dismissed. At the next term, it having been shown the omission was the error of the clerk in making out the transcript, the cause was reinstated on the docket. Mr. Justice Story says, "The reinstatement of the cause was
founded, in the opinion of the court, upon the plain principles of justice, and is according to the known practice of
other judicial tribunals in like cases."
MOTION -GRANTED.

DOE, LESSEE OF POOR, V. CONSIDINE.
1. Though a devise to trustees "1and their heirs," passes, as a general thing, the fee, yet where the purposes of a trust and the power and duties of the trustees are limited to objects terminating with lives in being,where the duties of the trustees are wholly passive, and the trust thus perfectly dry,-the trust estate may be considered as terminating on the efflux of the lives. The language used in creating the estate will be limited to the purposes of its creation.
2. Estates in remainder vest at the earliest period possible, unless there be a clear manifestation of the intention of the testator to the contrary. And in furtherance of this principle, the expression " upon the decease of A., I give and devise the remainder," construed to relate to the time of the enjoyment of the estate, and not the time of the vesting in interest.
3. 'Where the language of a statute, read in the order of clauses as passed, presents no ambiguity, courts will not attempt by transposition of clauses, and from what it can be ingeniously argued was a general intent, to qualify, by construction,.the meaning.
ERROR to the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Ohio.
12 Wheaton, 10.

Dcc. 1867.] DOE, LESSEE OF POOR, V. CONSIDINE.

459

Statement of the case.

The lessors of the plaintiff in error brought an action of ejectment in that court to recover certain real estate now here in controversy. The parties agreed upon the facts. Under the instructions given to the jury, they found for the defendants, and judgment was rendered accordingly.
The plaintiff excepted to the instructions, and this writ was prosecuted upon the ground that they were erroneous.
The ficts, as agreed on, were as follows: William Barr, Senior, died on the 15th of May, 1816, leaving a will duly admitted to probate in Hamilton County, Ohio. It was out of the will that the controversy arose. The testator left three daughters: Mary, the wife of William Barr; Susan, the wife of John B. Enness; and Mary B., the wife of Ja-mes Keys. He left also one son, John M. Barr, who, at the time of his father's death, had living, a wife, Maria, Barr, and an infant daughter, Mary Jane Barr. John M. Barr, the son of the testator, died on the 10th of August, 1820. Mary Jane Barr, the daughter of John M. Barr, died on the 27th of November, 1821. Maria Barr, her mother, died on the 3d of August, 1860. The sons-in-law and daughters of the testator were all dead, each one leaving children born in lawful wedlock. The testator also left living at the time of his death four brothers and two sisters. They are all dead. Two of them left no lineal heirs. The will contained among others the following provisions:

"I give and devise unto my sons-in-law, William Barr, James Keys, and John B. Enness, of Cincinnati aforesaid, and to their heirs, all and singular, that certain farm, tract or parcel of land, situate, lying, and being in the county of Hamilton, State of Obio, which I purchased of John Cross, containing one hundred and sixty acres, to hold the same premises to them and their heirs in trust, (first) for the use of my son, John M. Barr, during his natural life; but, nevertheless, to permit and suffer my son, John Al. Barr, to hold, use, occupy, possess, and enjoy the said farm, and to receive and take the rents and profits thereof, during his natvral life. And in case my said son, John M. Barr,

160

Don, LiESSEE OF POOR, v. CONSIDINE. [Sup. Ct,,

Statement of the case.

should die leaving a legitimate child, or children, then, also, in

trust for Maria Barr, wife of the said John Al. Barr, in case she

survive him, during her natural life, for the purpose of main-

taining herself and the said child, or children, and educating the

said children; but, nevertheless, to permit and suffer the said

Maria Barr, wife of the said John M. Barr, to hold, use, occupy,

possess, and enjoy the said farm, and to receive and take the

rents and profits thereof, during her natural life. And upon the

decease of the said iXaria Barr, wife of the said John M. Barr, in

case she survive him; if not, then upon the decease of the said John

M Barr,I do further give and devise the remainder of my estate

in said farm unto the legitimate child, or children, of the said John M. Barr, and their heirs forever. If my said son leave but

one child, as afbresaid, then I give and devise the said farm to

him or her, or his or her.heirs forever. But, if he leave two or

more children, then I give and devise the said farm unto such

children and their heirs, to be equally divided between them.

But should my said son, John M. Barr, die without leaving any

issue of his body, then, and in that case, I do give and devise

the remainder of my estate in the said farm unto my said sons-

in-law, William Barr, James Keys, and John B. Enness, and

their heirs forever.

*

*

*

*

*

*

*

*

"Also, I do further give, devise, and bequeath the remainder of my estate, both real and personal, to my sons-in-law, William Ba r, James Keys, and John B. Enness."

John M. Barr having died, leaving no issue but Mary Jane Barr, and she having died in infancy, unmarried, and the life estate of her mother, Maria Barr, having terminated by the death of that person, the question was presented, In whom is vested the title to the premises in controversy?
The lessors of the plaintiffs claimed title under the three sons-in-law of the testator, or their wives, -who were his daughters.
The defendants claimed through the heirs of the brothers and sisters of the testator, under the statute of descents of Ohio, of the 80th of December, 1815, which was as follows:

§ I. That when any person shall die intestate, having title to
any real estate of inheritanhe lying and being in this State, which

Dec. 1867.] DOE, LESSEE OF POOR, V. CONSIDINE.

461

Statement of the case.

title shall have come to such intestate by descent, devise, or deed of gift from an ancestor, such estate shall descend and pass in parcenary to his or her kindred, in the following course:
1. To the children of such intestate or their legal representatives.
2. If there be no children, or their legal representatives, the estate shall pass to the brothers and sisters of the intestate, who may be of the blood of the ancestor from whom the estate came, or their legal representatives, whether such brothers and sisters be of the whole or of the half blood of the intestate.
3. If there be no brothers and sisters of the intestate of the blood of the ancestor from whom the estate came, or their legal representatives, and if the estate came by deed of gift from an ancestor who may be living, the estate shall ascend to such ancestor.
4. If there be neither brother nor sister of the intestate of the' blood of the ancestor from whom the estate came, or their legal representatives, and if the ancestor from whom the estate came be deceased, the estate shall pass to the brothersand sistersof the ancestor from whom the estate came, or their legal representatives; and for want of such brothers and sisters, or their legal representatives, to the brothers and sisters of the intestate of the half blood, or their legal representatives, though such brothers and sisters be not of the blood of the ancestor from whom the estate came.
5. If there be no brothers or sisters of the intestate, or their legal representatives, the estate shall pass to the next of kin to the intestate of the blood of the ancestor from whom the estate
came.

The court instructed the jury-
1. That at the death of the said Mary Jane Barr, the granddaughter of the testator and daughter of said John M. Barr. she was seized of a vested remainder.
2. That at the death of the said Mary Jane Barr, her said estate in said farm descended to the brothers and sisters of the said testator then alive, and the legal representatives of such of them as were then deceased.
3. That the trust estate to the sons-in-law was only an estate par autrerie and terminated at the death of Maria Barr; ',ul

DOE, LEssEE OF POORi V. CONSIDINE. [Sup. Ct.
Argument for the plaintiffs in error.
whether that trust estate continued or not after her death the result is the same, for if the estate so vested in Mary Jane Barr were only an equitable estate, no recovery could be had against the parties in possession under her title, in favor of the trustees or their heirs; and in no event, except the death of John M1. Barr without issue, did the will give to the sons-in-law any interest in the property in controversy, other than the temporary trust estate.
The correctness of these instructions was the matter before the court.
Messrs. T. -Ewing &ndH. H. Hunter, for the plaintiffs in error:
Two controlling.questions are presented, the determination of either of which, in favor of the plaintiff, must result in a reversal, namely:
-irst. Whether the devise over, of the remainder in fee, to the sons-in-law, took effect on the death of Maria Barr, in favor of their heirs, they being dead, the issue of John A11. Barr having failed by the death of his daughter Mary Jane, without issue, in the lifetime of the said Maria?
Second. Whether, assuming that the remainder in fee did not vest in the heirs of said sons-in-law, on the death of the said Maria, in virtue of the devise to them, the said heirs-atlaw, being also heirs-at-law of their deceased mothers-the daughters of the testator-did not inherit the said remainder under the statute of descents, from the said Mary Jane, as her next of kin, of the blood of the testator, the ancestor, from whom the estate came?
A legal estate infee passed to the trustees, auid continued in them during the life of John M. Barr, and during the life of his wife-each of them holding only an equitable use during their respective lives. During the life of the father-and after his death, during the life of the mother-no fee vested in the issue of the marriage. If the fee continued in the trustees till the death of the wife, the remainder to the issue, which was afee also, could not vest till that time. Two distinct fees in the same tenements, cannot, under any circumetan(es, be made to coexist. The remainder given is a

Dec. 1867.] DOE, LESSEE OF POOR, V. CONSIDINE.

463

Argument for the plaintiffs in error.

remainder in fee; it can, therefore, never vest until the fee given to the trustees ceases, and as the fee given to them must continue until both the parents die, the fee given to the child cannot vest until both parents are dead.
We need not inquire whether, up to the time of the termination of the life estate, under the circumstances, active duties might not have been devolved upon the trustees. There would have been, if the widow had been ousted by a wrongdoer. But be that as it may, the legal title was vested
in them, in trust, and it cannot be pretended, that, so long as the life estate continued, they could have been required, by anybody interested, to convey to them the legal title.
What was the testator's intent in placing the legal title pending the estate for life, in the hands of his sons-in-law, his residuary legatees? Plainly that, if the issue of his son should fail in the meantime, the title should then be in the possession of those, in whose behalf was included in his will the alternative devise of the remainder.
Did the remainder devised to the child or children of John M. Barr, "upon the decease of Afaria Barr," vest in Mary Jane and her heirs forty years before it was expressed to be devised to her?
The time of the remainder vesting could not be more distinctly and definitely fixed than it is in'this will. The devisor does not say that the issue of John M. Barr shall come irdo possession on the decease of Maria Barr, but he says, "upon the decease of Maria Barr, I give and devise the remainder." The estate commences at the time of the happening of the event named in the devise-that is, "upon the decease." We use this term habitually in this sense. "A. inherited upon the decease of his father." A gift "upon" a day is not a gift forty years before the day; or a gift "upon" the happening of an event, a gift before the event happens.
Children and heirs, and issue in this devise, all mean the same thing. This is but in accordance with settled rule.*

* Gale v. Bennet, Ambler, 681; Wytbe v. Thureston, Id. 555; S. 0. 1 Voey, 196; Vllicombe v. Gompertz, 3 Arylne & Craig, 154; Stevenson v.

DOE, LESSEE OF POOR, V. CONSIDINE. [Sup. Ot.
Argument for the plaintiffs in error.
Issue is the only term which will represent the will of the testator in every situation. Thus, in the trust to support and educate the children of John M. Barr charged on Maria Barr's life estate, grandchildren were doubtless also intended, and issue in its strict sense would embrace them.
Now, when is the failure of issue contemplated by the testator when he says, "Should my said son John M. Barr die without leaving any issue of his body, then and in that case I do give .and devise the remainder of my estate in the said farm to my said sons-in-law, &c., and their heirs forever"to take place? Is it at the instant of the death of John M. Barr? Is it an indefinite failure of issue? Or is it a failure of issue at the falling in of the last life estate? The last would best conform to legal rules, and also much the best to the general intent of the testator. There can be no rational object in fixing it at any other time or the happening of any other event, and the court habitually moulds adverbs of time, and phrases implying time, to meet the intent of testators, and subserve the ends of justice.* Such adverbs and such phrases geneirally relate to the taking effect in possession, not in estate, in case of a devise in remainder, so as to make it vested rather than contingent. But this adverbial rule is merely ancillary to the great rule of carrying out the intent, and where it does not aid and support that, it is not to be regarded. The words and phrases must be understood in their popularly accepted meaning wherever that meaning will best carry out the intent. It would be a monstrous perversion to accept and sustain a rule, no matter by whom devised, or by whom or how many adopted, the obvious effect of which would be to defeat the intention of the devisor. The rule, as it is called, that holds a remainder vested even by forcing the language, has its origin in a purpose to save, not to defeat, the intent of the grantor or devisor by saving the remainder from many of the accidents which destroy it
Evans, 10 Ohio State, 315; King v. Beck, 15 Id. 564; Collier v. Collier: 3 Id. 75; Malcolm v. Taylor, 2 Russell & Mylne, 416. * Browster v. Benedict, 14 Ohio, 384.

Dec. 1867.] DOE, LESSEE OP POOR, v. CONSIDINE.

465

Argument for the plaintiffs in error.

if contingent.* Yet, even ii these cases, the early vesting of a remaindet is not an end, but a means ; and if it do not tend to carry out and effect the true end-the transfer of the estate in accordance with the will of the devisor-it is not to be respected as a rule. If it tend to defeat the paramount end-that end for the effecting of which all rules were adopted -it must be rejected as an error and a mischief.
This case is subject to none of the casualties attending remote remainders against which early vesting was intended to guard. It would not be subject to them in England, being protected against them by the attendant trust estate in the sons-in-law. But destroy the effect of the phrase "11uonthe decease of Maria Barr," and make the estate vest in the issue of John M. Barr one life or two lives sooner than the devisor intended, you defeat the general intent of the devisor; and the clause so construed passes the estate out of the issue of the devisor and out of his devisees, and vests it in collaterals. Olney v. Hullt is in point. In that case the devise was of the testator's lands to his wife while she remained his widow; but, in case of her death or marriage, the land then to be divided among his surviving sons. It was held that the devise over was to such of his sons as should be survivors at the termination of the wife's estate for life, and that the remainder was contingent upon the uncertainty which of the sons should then be living. "Until the death of the mother it was uncertain which of the sons would be alive to tdke?" The court treated the language used as it would be treated in the every-day business of life. It understood the devisor's plain language without resorting to cases and digests to find out what somebody else said or meant; and which, when found and applied to his devise, would have defeated the estate which he intended to create.
It will be argued that the intent of the devisor will be best carried out by making the remainder to the children of John Al. Barr vest at once, so that the estate will pass to their heirs, inasmuch as they are the first objects of the testator's

* Cruise's Digest, tit. 16, chap. 6, passim, ch. 7, sec. 1.

f 21 Pickering, 314.

VOL. VI.

80

466

DOE, LESSEE OF POOR, V. CONSIDINE. [Sup. Ct.

Argument for the plaintiffs in error.

bounty, and he intended the estate for them. Certainly, he intended it for them, if living, and our construction takes nothing from the devise to the living issue of John M. Barr, But, when all were dead-a state of things contemplated and provided for-who were ,the next objects of the testa-
tor's bounty, his own descendants or collateral relatives? The devise over to the sons-in-law answers the question. The testator provides for his daughters by implication through them.

But, assuming that Mary Jane had, at the time of her death, a vested estate descendible through her under the devise from her ancestor, William Barr, to whom does that estate pass under the statute of descents ?
Thefirst,second and third classes provided for in that statute
are in our case wanting; but the next of kin ofthe intestate of the blood of the ancestorfrom whom the estate came, living at the death of the intestate, were the three daughters of the said ancestor; and the plaintiff's lessors are their heirs-at-law, or claim under such heirs. They are clearly entitled to the inheritance under thefifth clause of the section, unless, upon a proper construction, the brothers and sisters of the ancestor from whom the estate came, are, by the first part of the fourth clause of the section, to be preferred to his children.
That construction is unnatural; and no other reason can
be assigned in favor of it than that the fourth clause is inserted before the fifth, in successive order, in framing the section. This, however, is merely a mechanical arrangement. Now, although the mechanical structure of the different parts of the act is such that the successive priorities in favor of one class of legal representatives of an intestate over another, is generally indicated by the successive order observed in the structure of the act, yet that is not, upon any sound principle, such a circumstance as should have a controlling effect, or subvert a manifest intention otherwise apparent.
We would read the fourth clause before the fifth. This arrahgement will not in the least impair the effect

Dec. 1867.] DOE, LESSEE OF'PooR, v. CONSIDINE.

467

Argument for the plaintiffs in error.

of each of the clauses of the section in their proper ai)plication to facts as they may arise in cases. Full effect will be given to the fifth clause by applying it to the facts of this case; and this may be done without changing a word or a letter, and without any transposition or displacement of any of the clauses, or parts of the section; and without preventing the due application of the fourth clause to the facts of cases in which it is properly applicable.
Here, the general intent in regard to estates in lands of which an intestate died seized, the title to which came to him by devise, descent, or deed of gift, from an ancestor, is, that if the intestate leave no child, or brother or sister, or their legal representatives, the estate shall pass' to such of the legal representatives of the intestate, according to the statutory canons of descent, as are of the blood of the ancestor from whom the estate came; and surely the general intent in regard to the order of succession amongst those who shall take by reason of their being of the blood of the ancestor, must be taken to be according to the same statutory canons of descent. No arbitrary departure from this obvious general intent can be recognized, unless required by very express and vigorous language.
Authorities show that a mechanical order may be departed from, to reach by construction a general intent.
In an Ohio case,* the court in construing an act of the legislature so as to make it conform to the legislative intent, held that a clause which was included in the second section of the act, should be read as if included in the first section, and as qualifying the provisions of that section. Other casest indicate the same superior value of a general intent over mere mechanical structure.
If this argument be rejected, it will be only because of a supposed conflict between the forth and fifth clauses. The facts of the case are fitted to the terms of thefifth clause, and
The State ex rel. Commissioners of Ross Co. v. The Z. & M. Turnpike
Co., 16 Ohio State, 308.
t Fosdick v. Perrysburg, 14 Ohio State, 472; Slater v. Cave, 3 Id 80; Tracy v. Card, 2 Id 431; Burgett v. Burgett, I Ohio, 469-79-80.

468

DoE, LEssEE OF POOR, v. CONSIDINE. [Sup. Ct.

Argument for the defendants in error.

by force of that clause, abstractly considered, carried the remainder in fee, on the death of Mary Jane, to her aunts, the daughters of the testator, as ber.heirs-at-law. INow if this result is in any way doubtful, it can only be because thefirst part of the fourth clause conflicts with the fifth clause, and seems to admit of being so applied as to sustain the claim asserted by the defendants, that the brothers and sisters of the testator, and not his daughters, were the heirs-at-law of said Mary Jane. Admitting (what we do not concede) that there is such conflict between the provisions, which shall give place to the other ? The rule applicable to the construction of conflicting statutory provisions is, that the last in order of time, or in the order of their being set down in the enactment, must take effect; the same rule, both of reason and necessity, as in the familiar case of conflicting provisions in a will.*

Messrs. Stanbery and I. H Lincoln, contra, argued the case elaborately on principle and on authorities,t contending-
1. That the devise to the trustees carried the legal estate after the death of John M. Barr, to the cestui que trusts; there having been no duty imposed on the trustees which required that estate to be longer in the trustees; a point, however, which the counsel did not consider important; equitable estates being subject as to devises and descents to the same rule as legal ones.
2. That the remainder to Maria Jane Barr was at no time a contingent remainder, she being in esse at the death of the testator.
8. That it was from the first a vested remainder, but during the life of the father was subject to be devested in the event of her not surviving her father and by force of the devise over to the sons-in-law on that event.

* The Attorney-General v. The Governor and Company of Chelsea Water-
works, Fitzgibbon, 195; Townsend v. Brown, 4 Zabriskie, 80; Ham v. The State, &c., 7 Blackford, 314; Doev. Leicester, 2 Taunton, 109.
t For most of the authorities, relied on also in the opinion, see infra, pp.
47-5-7.

Dec. 1867.] DOE, LESSEE OF POOR, V. CONSIDINE.

469

Opinion of the court.

4. That at the death of the father this vested remainder became absolute-and fully vested in right, though postponed as to enjoyment until the death of the mother-but not defeasible, as before, on her death during the life of her mother.
5. That Maria Jane Barr having been vested with this remainder at the date of her death, and she dying intestate, the estate descended, under the statute of descents of 1815, and on the plain meaning of that statute if read in its declared order-the only allowable order-to the brothers and sisters of the testator.
The counsel in support of their views submitted the opinions of eminent lawyers of Ohio, including those of Messrs. Timothy Walker, J. C. Wright, Tappan Wright, Nathan Wright, and J. A. Pugh, given many years ago, on this same title, to persons as was said about to purchase, and in accordance with the view assumed by the court below. They referred also to an act of the Ohio legislature, passed in 1835,* changing the provisions of the act of 1815, which confessedly governed this case, to the extent, but no further, of carrying the estate to the children of the ancestor from whom the same came, and next after them to his brothers and sisters; that which the opposite counsel contended was already the rule under the act of 1815; but which if it had been as was now argued, would have rendered the act of 188"5 useless.

.LMr. Justice SWAYNE delivered the opinion of the court. I. At the threshold of the subject before us, the inquiry arises as to the extent of the trust estate vested by the will in the three sons-in-law of the testator. The determination of this point is not vital in the case; for whether they took the legal fee or not, and whether the estate of Mary Jane Barr was legal or equitable in its character, the result must be the same. The same rules of law apply to descents and devises of both classes of estates; and
* 1 Curwen, 199.

DOE, LESSEE OF POOR, V. CONSIDINE. [Sup. C
Opinion of the court.
if in this case an equitable fee in remainder was vested in Mary Jane Barr at the time of her death, while the legal fee as a dry trust was held by the sons-in-law, those holding the latter title could not recover in this action against parties clothed with the equitable estate, and entitled to the entire beneficial use of the property.* But we entertain no doubt upon the subject.
The devise contains words of inheritance. It is to the trustees "and to their heirs." This language, if unqualified, by anything else in the clause, would pass the fee. But when we look to the purposes of the trust, and the power and duties of the trustees, we find them limited to two objects:
1. The trustees were to permit John M. Barr to enjoy the premises and receive the rents, issues and profits during his life.
2. If John M. Barr should die, leaving issue, and his wife Maria should survive him, then they were to permit her, during her life, to enjoy the possession and profits of the property. -
A drier trust could not have been created. The duties of the trustees were wholly passive. They were authorized to do no act. They were simply to hold the estate committed to them until one or both the events defining the boundary of its existence had occurred. It was to subsist in any event during the life of John L Barr, and if he died, leaving issue, and his wife survived him, it was to subsist also during her life. The executors were directed, in any event, to make an expenditure upon the property, and to take the fund from the personal estate. This duty had no connection with the trust, and its bearing upon the case is in nowise affected by the fact that the executors and trustees happened to be the same persons. Whether John M. Barr died with or without issue, the entire object of the trust was fulfilled, and its functions were exhausted when the persons for whose benefit it
" 4 Kent's Corn. 334, 385; Brydges v. Brydges, 3 Vesey, Jr., 127; Cholmondeley v. Olinton, 2 Jacob & Walker, 148; Brydges v. Duchess of Chandos, 3 Vesey, Jr., 417, 426; Walton v. Walton, 7 Johnson's Chancer:, 270; The City of Cincinnati v. Lessee of White, 6 Peters, 441.

Dec. 1867.] DOE, LESSEE OF POOR, V. CONSIDINE.

471

Opinion of the court.

was created ceased to live. "The remainder of the estate in said farm," in the language of the testator, thereupon passed
according to the provisions of the will. It is neither expressed nor implied that the trust estate should exist any longer, and no imaginable purpose could be subserved by its longer continuance. When a trust has been created, it is to be held large enough to enable the trustee to accomplish the objects of its creation. If a fee simple estate be necessary, it will be held to exist though no words of limitation be found in the instrument by which the title was passed to the trustee, and the estate created. On the other hand, it is equally well settled that where no intention to the contrary appears, the language used in creating the estate will be liniited and restrained to the purposes of its creation. And when they are satisfied, the estate of the trustee ceases to exist, and his title becomes extinct. The extent and duration of the estate are measured by the objects of its creation.
Jarman says:* "Trustees take exactly the estate which the purposes of the trust require; and the qtfestion is not whether the testator has used words of limitation, or expressions adequate to carry an estate of inheritance; but whether the exigencies of the trust demand the fee simple, or can be satisfied by any and what, less estate."
Chancellor Kent says: "The general rule is that a trust estate is not to continue beyond the period required by the purposes of the trust; and notwithstanding the devise to the trustees and their heirs,they take only a chattel interest where the trust does not require an estate of higher quality."t
This doctrine rests upon a solid foundation of reason and authority, irrespective of the presence or absence of the statute of uses. The consequences in this case of the absence of such a statute in Ohio, it is therefore not necessary to consider.

2 Jarman on 'Wills, 156.
j 4 Kent's Commentaries, 233; see also 'Webster v. Cooper, 14 Howard 499; Neilson v. Lagow et al., 12 Id. 110; Doe ex dem. Compere v. Hicks, 7 Term, 437; Curtis v. Price, 12 Vesey, Jr., 99; Morrant v. Gough, 7 Barnewall & Cresswell, 206; 1 Greenleaf's Cruise, 359, note.

DOE, LESSEE OF PoOR, v. CONSIDINE. [Sup. Ct.
Opinion of the court.
We are of opinion that the trust estate of the sons-in-law of the testator was only an estate par autre vie, and that it terminated at the death of Maria Barr.
I. This brings us to the consideration of the questiop, what was the estate, in quantity and quality, of Mary Jane Barr at' the time of her decease?
The hinge upon which turns this part of the controversy is the following language of the will:
"And upon the decease of the said Maria Barr,wife of the said Joh M. Barr, in case she survive him; if not; then upon the decease of the said John H. Barr, I do furth& give and devise the remainderof my estate in said farm unto the legitimate child or children qf the said John 1. Barr,and their heirs forever. If my said son leave but one child, as 'aforesaid, then I give the said farm to him or her, or his or her heirs forever. But, if he leave two or more children, then I give and devise the said farm unto such children, and their heirs, to be equally divided between them. But should my said son, John M.*Barr, die without leaving any issue of his body, then, and in that case, I do give and devise the remainder of my estate in the said farm unto my said sons-inlaw, William Barr, James Keys, and John B. Enness, and their heirs forever."
The plaintiff in error claims that this clause is an executory devise, and that it gave tQ Mary Jane Barr a contingent estate, to take effect upon the event of her outliving both her parents, and not otherwise; and that as she died before her mother, no title or interest ever vested in her.
The defendants claim that upon the death of the testator, Mary Jane Barr took under the will a vested remainder, subject to open and let in after-born children, if any there were, and deferred as. to the period of enjoyment until the death of the one parent who should survive the other, but liable to no other contingency, and limited by no other qualification.
This point of the will must be examined by its own light, and also iih the light of the adjudications in like cases.
Considering it without the aid of authority, we have no

Dec. 1867.] DOE, LESSEE OF POOR, V. CONSIDINE.

473

Opinion of the court.

difficulty in coming to a conclusion as to its proper construction.
We think that it gives: 1. A legal estate par autre vie, to three sons-in-law in trust. 2. An equitable life estate, with the usufruct'of the property to John M. Barr. 8. In case he should die, leaving issue, and his wife Maria should survive him, then an equitable estate for life to her with the usufruct of the property, for the benefit of herself and the surviving child or children of John . Barr. 4. A vested remainder in fee simple to the child of John M. Barr, living at the time of the death of the testator, subject to open and let in the participation of after-born children, and liable to be devested by their dying before their father, but not liable to be defeated by any other event. 5. The devise over to the three sons-in-law was an alternate or collateral contingent remainder; and if John M. Barr had died leaving no children survivingohim, that remainder would thereupon at once have vested and been converted into an absolute fee simple estate.* In no event, except the death of John M. Barr without issue, did the will give them any interest in the property other than the temporary trust estate. By the vesting of the remainder in Mary Jane Barr, at the death of the testator and the death of her father, this provision in behalf of the sons-in-law became as if it were
not. It was utterly annulled, and could not thereafter take effect either as a contingent remainder or as an executory devise. We are satisfied the testator did not extend his vision or seek to control this property beyond the period of the death of his son, John Ml. Barr. With a view to that event he made two provisions equally absolute, emphatic, and final in their terms. In that respect there.is no difference. The result, whether the one or the other should take

* Luddington v. Kime, 1 Lord Raymond, 203; Dunwoodie v. Reed, 3 Ser. geant & Rawle. 452; V. J. Gibson's opinion.

174

DOE, LESSEE OF POOR, V. CONSIDINE. [Sup. Ct

Opinion of the court.

effect, was to depend upon the single fact whether John M. Barr died with or without surviving children.
The language used carried the entire estate of the testator in the premises alike in both cases, and we can no more hold the word "heirs" to be the synonym of "issue," or otherwise qualify the estate intended to be given in the one case
than in the other. The theory of the counsel for the plaintiff derives no sup-
port from the principle of human nature, which not unfrequently impels a testator to transmit his property, as far as possible, in the line of his descendants. Here Ba'rr, Keys and Enness were not of the blood of the testator. He could not but be aware that if they took the property it might pass from them, by descent or purchase, to those who were strangers to his blood, and in nowise connected with his
family.
Having disposed of the property absolutely at the death of his son, he left the future, beyond that boundary, with its undeveloped phases, whatever they might be, to take care
of itself. III. We will now examine the case in the light of prin-
ciple and authority. A vested remainder is where a present interest passes to a
certain and definite person, but to be enjoyed infuturo. There must be a particular estate to support it. The remainder must pass out of the grantor at the creation of the particular estate. It must vest in the grantee during the continuance of the estate, or eo instanti that it determines.
A contingent remainder is where the estate in remainder is limited either to a dubious and uncertain parson, or upon the happening of a dubious and uncertain event.
A contingent remainder, if it amount to a freehold, cannot ne limited on an estate for years, nor any estate less than freehold. A contingent remainder may be defeated by the determination or destruction of the particular estate before the contingency happens. Hence, ti'ustees are appointed to preserve such remainders.
An executory devise is such a disposition of real property

Dec. 1867.] DoE, LESSEE OF PooRi, v. CoNsiDINE.

475

Opinion of the court.

by will that no estate vests thereby at the death of the devisor, but only on a future contingency. It differs from a remainder in three material points:
1. It needs no particular estate to support it. 2. A fee simple or other less estate may be limited by it -after a fee simple. 8. A remainder may be limited, of a chattel interest, after a particular estate for life in the same property.* The law will not c6nstrue a limitation in a will into an executory devise when it can take effect as a remainder, nor a remainder to be contingent when it can be taken to be vested. It is a rule of law that estates shall be held to vest at the earliest possible period, unless there be a clear manifestation of the intention of the testator to the contrary.t Adverbs of time-as where, there, after,from, &c.-in a devise of a remainder, are construed to relate merely to the time of the enjoyment of the estate, and not the time of the vesting in interest.t Where there is a devise to a class of persons to take effect in enjoyment at a future period, the estate vests in the persons as they come in esse, subject to open and let in others as they are born afterward.§

2 Blackstone's Commentaries, chap. 12.
- Johnson v. Valentine, 4 Sandford, 43; Wrightson v. Macaulay, 14 Meeson & Welsby, 214; Chew's Appeal, 37 Penn. 28; Moore v. Lyons, 25 Wend. 126; Phipps v. Williams, 5 Simons, 44; Gold v. Judson, 21 Conn. 622 ; Redfield on Wills, 379 ; Finlay v. King, 3 Pet. 374, 5 Barr, 28; Carver v. Jackson, 4 Pet. 92; Purefoy v. Rogers, 2 Saunders, 388; Doe v. Morgan, 3 Term, 765, 766; Nightingale v. Burrell, 15 Pick. 110.
I Johnson v. Valentine, 4 Sandford, 43 ; Moore v. Lyons, 25 Vendell, 119; Boraston's Case, 3 Coke, 20; Minnig v. Batdorff, 5 Barr, 506; Rives v. Frizzle, 8 Iredell's Equity, 239.
aJohnson v. Valentine, 4 Sandford, 45 ; Doe v. Provoost, 4 Johnson, 61;
Chew's Appeal, 37 Penn. 28; Doe v. Ward, 9 Adolphus & Ellis, 582, 607, 4 Dow, 203; Doe v. Nowell, 1 Maule & Selwyn, 334; Bromfield v. Crowder, 1 New Reports, 326; Phipps v. Aekers, 9 Clark & Finelly, 583; Doe v. Prigg, 8 Barnewall & Cresswell, 235; Minnig v. Batdorff, 5 Barr, 505; Gold v. Judson, 21 Conn. 623.

476

DOE, LESSEE OF PooR, r. CONSIDINE. [Sup Ct.

Opinion of the court.

An estate once vested will not be devested unless the intent to devest clearly appears.*
The law does not favor the abeyance of .states, and never allows it to arise by construction or implication.t
"When a remainder is limited to a person in esse and ascertained, to take effect by express limitation, on the termination of the preceding particular estate, the remainderis unquestionably vested."I
This rule is thus stated with more fulness by the Supreme Court of Massachusetts. "Where a remainder is limited to take effect in possession, if ever, immediately upon the determination of a particular estate, which estate is to deter.. mine by an event that must unavoidably happen by the efflux of time, the remainder vests in interest as soon as the remainderman is in esse and ascertained, provided nothing but his own death before the determination of the particular estate, will prevent such remainder from vesting in possession; yet, if the estate is limited over to another in the event of the death of the remainder-man before the determination of the particular estate, his vested estate will be subject to be devested by that event, and the interest of the substituted remainderman which was before either an executory devise or a contingent remainder, will, if he is in esse and ascertained, be immediately converted into a vested remainder."§
In 4th Kent's Commentaries, 282, it is said: "This has now become the settled technical construction of the language and the established English rule of construction."j It is added: "It is the uncertainty of the right of enjoyment, and not the uncertainty of its actual eijoyment, which renders a remainder contingent. The present capacity of taking effect in possession-if the possession were to Become vacant-distinguishes a vested from a contingent remainder, and not the
Chew's Appeal, 45 Penn. 232; Harrison v. Foreman, 5 Vesey, 208; Doe v. Perryn, 3 Term, 493; Smither v. Willock, 9 Vesey, 234.
-I Comyn's Dig., Abeyance, A. E. ; Catlin v. Jackson, 8 Johnson, 549; Ekins v. Dormer, 3 Atkyns, 534.
Preston on Estates, 70. Blanchard v. Blanchard, 1 Allen, 227.
jj Doe v. Prigg, 8 Barnewall & Cresswell, 231.

Dec. 1867.] DOE, LESSEE OF POOR, V. CONSIDINE.
Opinion of the court.
certainty that the possession will ever become vacant while the remainder continues."*
It is further said in the same volume:t "A. devises to B. for life, remainder to his children, but if he dies without leaving children remainder over, both the remainders are continged, but if B. afterward marries and has a child, the remainder becomes vested in that child, subject to open and let in unborn children, and the remainders over are gone forever. The remainder becomes a vested remainder in fee in the child as soon as the child is born, and does not wait for the parent's death, and if the child dies in the lifetime of the parent, the vested estate in remainder descends to his heirs."I
We have quoted this language because of its appositeness to the case under consideration. The propositions stated are fully sustained by the authorities referred to. Other authorities, too numerous to be named, to the same effect, might be cited. We content ourselves with referring to a part of those to which our attention has been called in the briefs in this case.§
This doctrine received the sanction of the Supreme Court of Ohio in Jeefers v. Lanmpson,ll where it was adopted and applied. The leading authorities relied upon by the counsel for defendants in error in this case were cited by the court and control the result. We are bound by this decision as a local rule of property.

Williamson v. Field, 2 Sandford's Chancery, 533.

t Page 284.

j Doerv. Perryn, 3 Term, 484 (Buller's opinion); Right v.Creber, 5 Barnewall & Cresswell, 866; Story, J., in Sisson v.Seabury, 1 Sumner, 243; Rannan v.Osborn, 4 Paige, 336; Marsellis v. Thalhimer, 2 Id. 35.

Harrison v Foreman, 5 Vesey, 208; Belk v.Slack, 1 Keen, 238; Brom-

field v.Crowder, 1 New Reports, 325; Danforth v. Talbot, 7 B. 3Monroe, 624; Goodtitle v. 'Whitby, 1 Burrow, 234; Moore v.Lyons, 2.3 endell, 119; Randoll v. Doe, 5 Dow, 202; Edwards v. Symons, 6 Taunton, 214; Phipps v. Ackers, 9 Clark & Finelly, 583; Stanley v. Stanley, 16 Vesey, 5116; Doe v. Nowell, 1 Maule & Selwyn, 334; Boraston's Case, 3 Coke, 52; Doe v. Ewart, 7 Adolphus & Ellis, 636; Minnig v.Batdorff, 5 Barr, Pennsylvania State, 503.
1 10 Ohio State Rep. 101.

478

DOE, LESSEE OF POOR, V. CONSIDINE. [Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

The same doctrine has been sanctioned by this court.* According to the theory of the plaintiff's counsel, if Mary Jane Barr had married and had died before her mother, leaving children, they would have been cut off from the estate. Surely the testator could not have intended such a
result. In three of the cases, substantially like this as to the point
under consideration, brought to our attention by the counsel for the defendants in error, this consequence of such a construction was adverted to by the court.
In 0rver v. Jackson,t the court say: "It is also the manifest intention of the settlement, that if there is any issue, or the issue of any isue, such issue shall take the estate, which can only be by construing the prior limitation in the manner in which it is construed by this court."
In Goodlitle v. Whitby,t Lord Mansfield said: "Here, upon the reason of the thing, the infant is the object of the testator's bounty, and the testator does not mean to deprive him of it in any event. Now, suppose that the object of the testator's bounty marries and dies before his age of twentyone, leaving children, could the testator intend in such an event to disinherit them ? Certainly he could not."
In Doe v. Perryn,§ Buller, Justice, said: "But if this were held not to vest till the death of the parents, this inconvenience would follow, that it would not go to grandchildren; for if a child were born who died in the lifetime of his parents, leaving issue, such grandchild could not take; which could not be supposed to be the intention of the deVisor."
Mary Jane Barr was, at the death of the testator, within every particular of the category, which, according to the anthorities referred to, creates a vested remainder.
1. The person to take was in esse.

*Finlay et al. v. King's Lessee, 3 Peters, 376; Carver v. Jackson, 4 Id. 1;

Williamson et al. v. Berry, 8 Howard, 495; Croxall v. Shererd, 5 Wallace, 280; see also Washburn on Real Property, 229, and 1 Greenleaf's Cruise,

tit. Remainder. f I Peters, 1.

1 Burrow, 233.

3 Term, 495.

Dec. 1867.] DoE, LESSEE OF POOR, V. CONSIDINE.

479

Opinion of the court.

2. She was ascertained and certain.
8. The estate was limited, to take effect in her absolutely, upon the death of her father.
4. That was an event which must unavoidably happen by the efflux of time.
5. Nothing but her death, before the death of her father, would defeat the remainder limited to her.
6. She had a fixed right of property on the death of the devisor. The period of enjoyment only was deferred and uncertain.
7. The time of enjoyment in rossession depended upon the death of her mother. The right was in nowise dependent on that event.
8. Upon the death of her father, she surviving him, her estate, before defeasible, became indefeasible and absolute.
We are thus brought to the conclusion, upon technical as well as untechnical grounds, that Mlary Jane Barr had, at the time of her death, an indefeasible estate.of remainder in fee in the premises in controversy.
In the view we have taken of this case, the doctrine of shifting uses can have no application; we therefore forbear to advert to the rules of law relating to that subject.
IV. Mary Jane Barr having died unmarried and intestate, it remains to inquire to whom her estate passed.
The descent cast was governed by the statute of December
30th, 1815.
The first section only applies to the subject. The first part of the fourth clause of that section is as follows: "4. If there be neither brotlter nor sister of the intestate of the blood of the ancestor from whom the estate came, or their legal representatives, and if the ancestor from whom the estate came be deceased, the estate shall pass to the brothers and sisters of the ancestor from whom the estate came, or their legal representatives." This gave the property "to the brothers and sisters" of the testator, "or their legal representatives."
The language of this clause is plain and unambiguous.

480

DoE, LEssEE oF PooR, v. CONSIDINE. [Sup. C.

Opinion of Grier and Clifford, JJ., dissenting.

There is nothing in the context, rightly considered, which qualifies"or affects it. There isw,e think, no room for construction.* We con6ur entirely in the views of the eminent counsel, whose professional opinions, long since written, have been submitted to us. We think the point hardly admits of discussion. If there could be any doubt on the subject, it is removed by the act of 1835, which substitutes for the rule of descent here under consideration, the one which we are asked to apply. Were we to adopt the construction claimed
by the plaintiff's counsel, instead of adjudicating we should legislate. That we have no power to do. Our function is to execute the law, not to make it.
The instructions given by the court to the jury were in accordance with the views we have expressed. We find no error in the record, and the judgment is

-.

AFFIRMIED.

Mr. Justice GRIER (with whom concurred CLIFFORD,
J.), dissenting.
I cannot let this case pass without expressing my entire dissent from the conclusions of the majority of my brethren,
both on the construction of the will of William Barr and the statute of descents of Ohio.
In the construction of a will the first great rule-one that should control and govern all others-is, that the court should seek the intention of the testator fr'om the four corners of his will. All technical rules, from Shelley's case down, were established by courts only for the purpose of effectuating such intention. But it is easy to pervert the testator's intention by an astute application of cases and precedents, of which the present case is the last example of mhany which have preceded it, and where the testator's intention is entirely defeated by the application of rules intended to effectuate it. The remainder in fee to the children of John M. Barr was not to vest till the decease of .Maria Barr. "And upon the decease of said Maria, I devise the remainder .of

Armstrong v. Miller, 6 Ohio, 124.

Dec. 1867.] WALELEY V. CITY OF MUSCATINE.

481

Statement of the case.

my estate to the legitimate child or children of John M. Barr and his heirs forever, remainder over to the testator's sons-in-law in case of failure of such issue of the son." Such is the language. By construing the remainder to vest before "the decease of Maria Barr," the executory devise to the sons-in-law is entirely defeated, and the clear intention of the testator frustrated by factitious rules intended to facilitate its discovery.
It often happens that legislative acts require the same liberal rules of construction as wills, where the testator is presumed to be inops coneili. It only requires the reading of the fifth section of the statute before the fourth in order to effectuate the intention of the legislature, and to clear it from the absurdity of giving an intestate's estate, not to his next of kin, but to his brothers and sisters, instead of his own
children.

WALKLEY V. CITY OF MUSCATINE.

After judgment at law for a sum of money against a municipal corporation, and execution returned unsatisfied, mandamus, not bill in equity, is the proper mode to compel the levy of a tax which the corporation was bound to levy to pay the judgment.

APPEAL from a decree of the Circuit Court of the United

States for Iowa.

A bill had been filed in that court to compel the authori-

ties of the city of Muscatine to levy a tax upon the property

of the inhabitants, for the purpose of paying the interest on,

certain bonds, to the amount of $130,000, that had been,

issued for the benefit of the Mississippi and Missouri Rail-

road Company. It appeared that a judgment had been re-

covered in the same court against the city for $7666, interest

due on the bonds held by the plaintiff; .that execution. had

been issued and returned unsatisfied, no property being

found liable to execution; that the mayor and aldermen, had.

VOL. VI.

1

Dec. 18b7.]

LORINGs v. MARSHI.

837

Syllabus.

joint equal contribution is just, and it would afford the complainants no ground of relief if it appeared that the arrangement with the marshal was such as is alleged in the bill of complaint. Having collected three-fourths of the amount of the other defendants, it was quite right that he should, if possible, levy the balance so as to effect equal justice between the parties.
DECREE AFFIRMED WITH COSTS.

LORINGS V. MARSH.

1. Where a testatrix having children, and grandchildren the issue of one of them, makes a will, in form, leaving the income of her property in trust equally between the children for life (saying nothing about the grandchildren), and afterwards to charities; and on'the death of one of the children issueless, nakes a codicil, distributing the income again among the surviving children for life (again saying nothing about the grandchildren), and the child having issue dies in the lifetime of the testatrix, leaving these, the grandchildren of the testatrix,-and the testatrix then dies,-the omission of such testatrix to provide for her grandchildren is to be taken (especially if parol proofs, admissible by the law of the State, aid such conclusiort) to have been intentional and not to have been occasioned by any accident or mistake. Hence, the case will not come within the 25th section of chapter 92 of the Revised Statutes of Massachusetts (A.D. 1860), which provides for the issue of any deceased child or children, as in cases of intestacy, "unless it shall appear that such omission was intentional, and not occasionec. by any accident or mistake."
2. 'Where two persons, as trustees, are invested by last will with the whole of a legal estate, and are to hold it in trust to "manage, invest and reinvest the same according to their best discretion," and pay over incomo during certain lives; and, on their cffiux, these persons, or theirsuccessors, as trustees, are to select and appoint persons, who are to be informed of the facts by the trustees, and who are tJ distribute the capital among permanently established and incorporated institutions, for the benefit of the poor,-the power given to such two persons to select and appoint, is a power which will survive, and on the death of one in the lifetime of the testator, it may be properly executed by the other.
-. By the law of Massachusetts, as administered by her courts, in a devise to charitable institutions, in form such as just above indicated, the ob-
jects of the charity are made sufficiently certain. And, as the question of such certainty is to be determined by the local 'aw of the State, any objection of uncertainty cannot be heard here

VOL. VL

22

LORINGS V. !MARSH. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ct. -

APPEAL from the Circuit Court for the District of Massa chusetts.
The 25th section of chapter 92, of the Revised Statutes of Massachusetts, A. D 1860,-a re-enactment, essentially of earlier statutes,-thus enacts
"When any testator shall omit to provide in his will for any of his children, or for the issue of any deceased child, they shall take the same share of his estate, both real and personal, that they would have been entitled to, if he had died intestate, un*less it shall have been provided for by the testator in his lifetime, or, unless it shall appearthat,such omission was intentional, and not occasioned by any accident or mistake."
With this statute in force, irs. Loring made her last will. She had, living at this time, a son (Josiah), who had, living, three children, Mrs. Loring's grandchildren, of course, and two daughters, one married (Mrs. Cornelia Thompson), but not having issue, and the other single, Miss Abby Loring. By her last will, Mrs. Loring left the bulk of her estate to two persons, Marsh and Guild, of Boston-
"To have and to hold the same to them and the survivor of them, and their and his heirs and assigns forever, to their own use, but in trust, &c., to hold, manage, invest and re-invest the same according to their best discretion, and to pay over onethird of the net income therefrom to my daughter, Abby, during her life, to pay over another third of said income to my daughter, Cornelia Thompson, during her life, and to pay over another third of said income to my son, Josiah, during his life, so that the said income shall go to them personally, and shall not be liable for their debts, or to the control of any other person, and upon the decease of my said children, severally, the shares of said income which they would continue to take if living shall be retained and invested by the trustees until the decease of my last surviving child, and shall then, with the principal, or trust fund, be disposed of for the benefit of the poor, in the manner hereinafter provided."
The will proceeded
-'It s my wi'l that when, upon the decease of all my ehil.

Dec. 1867 ]

LORINGS V. MARSH. Statement of the case.

dren, the trust fund is to be disposed of as aforesaid, the said Marsh and Guild, or their successors, as trustees, shall select and appoint thrbe or more gentlemen, who shall be informed of the facts by the trustees, and shall determine how, by the payments to permanently established and incorporated charitable institutions, my wish to benefit the poor will be best carried into effect, and my gift may be made most productive of benefit to the poor; and that thereupon the said trust fund shall be disposed of and paid over. in accordance with the determination of the said gentlemen, certified by them in writing, to the trustees."

The daughter, Mrs. Thompson, having died during the life of the testatrix, Mrs. Loring made a codicil to her will, which, after reciting the former disposition of the income, proceeded

"I revoke so much of my will as provides for the said division of the said income, and its payment in three parts; and
order and direct that the said income be paid, under the conditions and provisions in my said will contained, to my daughter, Abby, and my son. Josiah, they me surviving, in equal shares during their joint lives, and one-half thereof to the survivor of them, during his or her life, it being my intention that my said two children shall have the whole of the said income in equal
shares during their joint lives, if they shall both survive me, and the survivor of them one-half of the said income during
hts or her life."

.After this codicil was made (the testatrix, however, yet living), the son, Josiah, died, leaving three children. Soon afterwards, July 16th, 1862, Guild, one of the trustees named in the will, died, and, last of all, about four months after tlis,irs. Loring herself. Guild, having thus died in the lifetime of the testatrix, Marsh, the surviving trustee, appointed the committee of three persons whom the testatrix had designated as the persons to determine the charitable institutions among whom her estate should go, and the committee named them.
Miss Abby Lorig, the single daughter of the testatrix, having died soon after her mother, unmarried and intestate.

840

LoitiNs v. MARSH.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

the three children of Josiah Loring,these being the sole heirs-at-law of Mrs. Loring, the testatrix, now filed their bill against Marsh and others, to have the estate, or their
share of it. The grounds of the claim as made here, and in the court
below, were 1. That the omission of Mrs. Loring was "unintentional,
and occasioned by accident or mistake;" and the case so within the statute.
2. That the power conferred by the will upon the trustees, Marsh and Guild, to appoint persons to desiguate the objects of the testatrix's charity, had not been and could not, owing to the death of Guild, in Mrs. Loriig's lifetime, be legally executed.
8. That the devise to the charitable uses was void, because, from defect of capacity to appoint, they were now uncertain and incapable of being ascertained.
In accordance with the law of Massachusetts,* oral evidence was taken on both sides as to the intention of Mrs. Loring to exclude her son's children. On the one hand there was the positive testimony of a girl or young woman, named Pratt, who stated that she had lived in Mrs. Loring's family for over seven years, as a "companion" to Mrs. Loring, but whose services, Mr. Thompson, the son-in-law of Mrs. Loring, testified were purely servile. This person, who the record showed had been called by Mrs. LorIng as a witness to her will, testified that she had often, very often, heard Mrs. Loring say that her son's children should not derive any benefit from her estate after her death, that this was said both when the will and after the will and codicil were made, the cause being a dislike which she had of her son's wife's family On the other hand there was testimony by the same son-in-law, that Mrs. Loring exhibited no dislike to her grandchildren, the complainants, and never ex-
pressed to him any intention of the sort above mentioned.
But beyond this there was no attempt to impeach the testi-

* Wilson Y Fosket, 6 Metcalf, 400; Converse v. Wales, 4 Allen, 512.

Dec. 1867 ]

LORINGS V. MARSH.

Argument for the heirs-at-law

mony of the first witness, and her character appeared to be fair.
The court below dismissed the bill.

.Messrs.B. B. Gurtis and Cshing,with Hutchmsand Wheeler,
for the appellants
L The first question is, whether the grandchildren are not entitled, by force of the statute, to the same share of Mrs.
Loring's estate as they would have been had Mrs. Loring died intestate.
1. The tine to which the question of omission applies is the time of Mrs. Loring's death. Not having then made any provision by her will, or any codicil for the issue of her deceased son, the case of the statute arises. She had made a will and left issue of a deceased child without having made any provision for them. Bancroftv Ives,* is in point. That was the case of a son born after the making of the will, but it cannot be distinguished from the case of grandchildren, who became the issue of a deceased son, and so within the statute, by the death of their father after the making of the will.
2. It does not appear that such omission was intentional, and was not occasioned by accident or mistake.
(a) The evidence of intention to disinherit an heir should
be such as to leave no reasonable doubt of the existence of a formed and settled intention. The common law always favors the heir, and one of its well-known rules is that an heir cannot be disinherited, even by a will, unless there are express words or a necessary implication to that effect. A fortiort. where the disherison is to be effected by parol evidence of mere declarations of the testator.
(b) It is the office of such evidence to supply the omission of a clause n the will declaring the intention of the testator to disinherit the heir.t It is like the proof of the contents of a lost will by parol evidence, and the courts have held that this requires "the clearest and most stringent evidence."I

3 Gray, 367.

f" Wilson v. Fosket, 6 Ietealf, 400.

$ Davis v. Sigourney, e Id. 4'97.

LORINGS V. MARSH. Argument for the heirs-at-law.

P~up. Ca,

If what was actually written, in a duly executed will, cannot be proved to disinherit the heir but by "the clearest and most stringent evidence," afortiori, the heir cannot be disinherited by an intention never written at all, unless such intention shall be made out by this same evidence.
3. The true inquiry is this Does it appear, by the clearest and most stringent evidence, that the testatrix had a formed and settled intention to disinherit the children of her deceased son, and that by reason of such intention they were not named in her will or its codicil?
(a) Looking at the will and codicil. The will was made plainly on the assumption that the son would survive the testatrix, and in no other. And the conduct of the testatrix when Mrs. Thompson died is in accordance with this, for when she died an alteration was made. But none when the son died yet by the death of the father his children stood in a new position, and. it is obligatory on the other side to show that in making her will the testatrix foresaw and meant to act in regard to this new position, a thing which cannot be shown.
(b) Then the oral testimony is insufficient to make a case for respondents.
The false account which the only important witness gives of her relation to Mrs. Loring; the great improbability that that lady would make a young servant girl the confidant of her settled intentions respecting her only grandchildren, which she imparted to no one else, the lapse of time, the infirmity and treachery of the human memory, even under favorable circumstances, as to mere casual declarations,which so many rules of law are framed to guard against, and judicial experience recognizes,-all combine not only to deprive the testimony of this witness of the character of "the clearest and most stringent evidence," but to place it below the level of ordinary credibility N~o member or connection of the family, no person standing in such a relation to the testatrix as to be likely to be the depositary of her serious and settled intentions respecting her only grandchildren, has been produced by the respondents. Her

Dec. 1867 ]

LORINGS V. MAIRSH. Argument for the heirs-at-law.

son-in-law had no knowledge of an intention to disinherit them.
The testatrix executed a will and a codicil before the decease of her son. These were ambulatory, and whether she intentionally omitted the complainants from them is not material, as no case under the statute then existed. And an intention to disinherit either children born after the making of a will, or the issue of a child dying after the making of a will, cannot be proved by parol. It can be manifested only by making another will or codicil, from which the person is intentionally onitted.*
I. As to the execution of the power Marsh alone could not execute it. This was not a power to appoint or select the donees of the property, nor to appoint the uses of the property It was not a power over property It was a naked authority, to nominate and appoint persons, who were to act for the testatrix in choosing the objects of her bounty, and to make known to them such facts as the two trustees should judge to be proper to guide or influence their judgment in the selection. From the nature of the case it must be a mere naked power, in contradistinction to a power coupled with an interest. A power coupled with an interest, means coupled with an interest in the property whech zs the subject of the power;t and where, as in this case, property is not the subject of the power, the power cannot be coupled with an interest.
A naked power to two persons by name, cannot be executed by one.T
The intention of the testatrix to give this property to charitable institutions, was never perfected. She intended to speak only through persons selected and informed by both Marsh and Guild. There being no such persons, there is no expressed will of the testatrix in behalf of the institutions who are respondents.§
* Tucker v. Boston, 18 Pickering, 162.
f Hunt v. Rousmanier, 8 Wheaton, 174. $ Peter v. Beverly, 10 Peters, 564, 1 Sugden on Powers, 144.
Fontam r. IRavenel, 17 Howard, 369.

LORINGS V. MVIARSH. Argument for the charities.

[Sup. Ct.

IH. The devise is void for uncertainty There being no mode, consistent with the will of the testatrix, of ascertaining the objects of her bounty, there is necessarily a resulting trust in, favor of the complainants who are her heirs-at-law. The case will be rested on the other side on the power of acting cy pres, the power exercised by the Lord High Chancellor in England to make a will for a testator, simply because his will manifests some intention to make charitable bequests. But this is not ajudicialpower, and does not exist in any court of Massachusetts.* Cy pres is not a doctrine of jurisprudence at all, it is an exercise of sovereign power; and with us, where the three powers of government are kept distinct, cannot be exercised by courts.

Messrs. S. Bartlett,F C. Loring, and C. W Loring, contra

I. The statute under which the first question in this case arises is, it is well known in Massachusetts, but a re-enactment of earlier statutes, and by an unbroken series of decisions the Supreme Court of the State has given a uniform exposition of the true intent of those earlier statutes. This exposition is stated in Wilder v Goss,{ thus

"1Whenever it appears that the testator has, through forget-

fulness or mistake, omitted to bestow anything upon his child

or grandchild, the legislature wisely intended to effect that

which it is highly reasonable to believe the testator, but for such

forgetfulness, would himself have done. To go further than this

would be in its measure to defeat the principal intention of the

legislature in the first section of the statute, which authorizes

every person seized of an estate

to devise the same as he

sball think fit. Whenever, then, it may fairly bepresumedfrom the

tenor of the will, or any clause in it, that the testator intentionally

omitted to give a legacy or make a devise to his child or grandchild

(whose parent is dead) the court will not interfere."

This doctrine is reiterated down to the latest decision. From the tenor of this will may it "fairly be presumed"

* Ommanney v. Butcher, 1 Turner & Russell, 260; Wheeler v. Smith, 9 Howard, 55, 17 Id. 386.
f 14 Massachusetts, 357.

Dec. 1867 ]

LORINGS V. MARSH. Argument for the charities.

that the testatrix intentionally omitted to give a legacy to her grandchildren 2
1. These grandchildren were vi esse at the execution of the will and codicil, as was also their father, for whom provision is made. It is not, therefore, the case of grandchildren born after the making of the will and before the death of testator, and so "forgotten" by her.
2. The cases are clear that where the gift is to grandchildren, omitting their parent, the mere statement that the grandchildren are the children of the son or daughter omitted, is conclusive that such son or daughter was not forgotten.* So here; the father is named and provided for by the will for life, to the exclusion of his living children.
3. The studied exclusion of these grandchildren, then alive, by the provision that the gift to the father should, upon his death, go over to charity, and this again repeated in the codicil executed the year following, would seem conclusive of the intent of the testatrix. She must have anticipated the very event which has happened,viz., that, in the course of nature, the appellants or some of them would survive their father; but, notwithstanding this, she bequeaths the remainder of the estate, given for life to their father, to charity To use the language of Sedgwick, J., in Teroy v Foster,t "He had not forgotten them (grandchildren), he makes complete disposition of his property This shows he did not intend they should come in for their portion."
The attempted answer of the appellants to this course of judicial decisions upon the statute is, that an intention to omit these grandchildren, in order to be legally effective, must be shown to have existed after the death of their fhther,-because it was only upon the happening of that event in the lifetime of testatrix that they become heirs ap.. parent of the testatrix.
This proposition assumes that it is not possible by even express terms to manifest in a will an intention to exclude

'Wild v. Brewer, 2 Massachusetts, 570,
Wilder v. Goss, 14 Id. 347. t 1 Massarhusetts, 146.

Church v. Crocker, 3 Id. T7,

846

LORINGS V. MARSH.

[Sup. Ct

Argument for the charities.

persons who may in future contingencies fill the relation of

heirs of a testator. For if it be possible to manifest such

intention in terms, then it is possible to do so by clear and

just implication, and we thus come back to the question of

what upon the authorities is to be deemed such just implica-

tion. Now in Prents v

s,* a recent case, it is settled

that a testator may by will exclude parties who in future

contingencies will become his heirs.- The will there excluded

after-born children, and the plaintiff 'was subsequently born

in the lifetime of his father, the testator. The court say

"The sole inquiry is, whether it is sufficiently made to appear
that such omission was intended and not occasioned by accident or mistake, all that is necessary to be shown is that the matter was in the mind of testator, and by him deliberately acted on."

The appellants' theory being thus unsound, the question again recurs, whether, having regard to thejudicial decisions of Massachusetts, a will and a subsequent codicil giving to a son an estate for life, excluding his then livmng children from taking the remainder, but devising it over to charities, presents, as to such children, a case in which, because their father died before testator, to use the language of the court in Goss v Wilder,," it is highly reasonable to believe that the testator but for forgetfulness" would have given them the inheritance, or a case of intended exclusion 9 -and it is submitted by us that it leaves nothing for doubt.
Some reliance is placed on that which is but a dictum of
Shaw, C. J., in Bancrqft v Ives, that the "time to which the question of omrsswn applies is the time of testator's decease." This was said in a case where the sole question was, whether children born after the making of a will should inherit, there being children alive when the will was made, and it was in answer to the argument that intention to omit should be construed to apply only to children in existence. Doubtless it is true that actual onusswn is only determined by the state of things at testator's death, but the retention to omit,

11 Allen, 47.

Dec. 1867 ]1

"]ORINGS V). MARSH. Argument for the charities.

as to parties alive, may be expressed by a will whensoever made.
The oral evidence of the actual intent of testatrix that these grandchildren should in no event share in her estate, is too strong to be disposed of in the way attempted on the other side. That evidence is unimpeached.
But the appellants object that the oral evidence, to be admissible, must be confined to declarations of testatrix after they become, by the death of their father, her heirs apparent, that the intention.of testatrix must be shown as it existed after this change of condition, and that this subsequent intention can only be shown by a new will and not by oral declarations. The error of this position is, that it assumes that the testatrix could not by law, at the time she made her will, have foreseen this most natural and probable event, and have intended to provide for it by omitting these grandchildren and giving her estate to charities, and that, having this intention, as she may not have explained in her will the purpose of omitting them, her declarations of its being intentional is inadmissible. It proceeds on the ground that testatrix could by law have no such intent until after the event happened which made the grandchildren heirs apparent, for if she could, then her oral declarations of such intention are clearly admissible within the settled rule.
In view of the case of Prentissv Prentiss,it is unnecessary to again discuss the question whether the testatrix might not by law foresee and provide for the exclusion of future heirs, and, if this be lawful, then her oral declarations of intent to do so are as admissible as they would be in any case where the omission in a will to provide for an heir is, by the settled rule, open to explanation by such testimony The principle, as stated in that case, shows that the intent to exclude future heirs needs no express provision in a will.
It is said by appellants that the oral testimony, if not confined to declarations after the death of the father, must be restricted to declarations of intention existing when the will was made. This is hardly accurate, since testimony of de

LORINGS V. MARSH. Argument for the charities.

[Slip. UL

dared intention before the will was made, as well as after, is clearly admissible.*
II. As to the execution of the power If this were a case of a naked power (which it is not), and if the object of this gift were not (as it is). a public charity, but the property had been directed to be distributed among individuals to be selected from the public at large in the mode provided by
the will, yet the power might be well executed by the surviving trustee, since the giftin trust is to "Marsh and Guild, and the survivor of them." And although this phraseology is not repeated in the clause as to the selection "of three or more gentlemen," yet such is the necessary legal implication. Again, the ternis are, "said Marsh and Guild, or their successors as trustees, shall select," and this settles conclusively that it is not a "personal trust" in the parties named, but a trust virtute offcii, and then, by the terms of the trust and by law, the power remains to the survivor.
Again (aside from the fact that this is a gift to charity), if its purpose was to benefit individuals, and if there were no words of survivorship, and the power was joint and personal to Marsh and Guild, it is su bmitted that it ts a power m nature of a trust, aird the court would require its execution by the survivor.t But here the trustees were seized and possessed of the property, and the power to be exercised was not a naked one, but incident to and coupled with the disposition
by them of their title in the trust property It was a power coupled with an interest, and that disposes of the question.1
It is said by the appellants, that the power in question was not to dispose of property, but to select others according to whose direction the property was to be disposed of, and that such a power cannot be one coupled with an interest, but must be a mere naked power. If the title had not been vested in these trustees, but had remained in the heirs-at-law, perhaps the appellants' position would be true. But the fact

* Bancroft v. Ives, Converse v. Wales.
t 2 Sugden on Powers, 3d Am. Ed., 158 (148); Howard, 369, 386.
1 Peter v. Beverly, 10 Peters, 532.

Fontain v. Ravenel, 17

Dec. 1867 ]

LoRINGS v. MARSH. Argument for the charities.

that it was thus vested, brings the case directly within the definition of a power coupled with an interest, and it is none the less so by reason of the fact that the power coupled with this interest is to select others to designate the object, as well as to convey the estate to the objects thus designated.
JIlI. But if this were otherwise, yet this is a gift to charity, which is never allowed to fail.

"Where there is a general intention shown by the donor to give to charity, the failure of the particular mode in which the charity is to be effectuated will not destroy the charity The law will substitute another mode of devoting the property to charitable purposes, though the formal intention as to the mode cannot be accomplished. Ths principleof construction,it will be observed, differs entirely from that applicable to a bequest to tndividuals, when onfailure of the mode the gift fails altogether"*
Again

"The same will follow when a testator, after making a bequest to such charitable uses as his executor shall appoint, revokes the appointment of the executor, or the executor himself renounces probate, or when the testator, after making a bequest to said charitable uses as A. shall appoint, A. dies in the lifetime of the testator or neglects or refuses to make an appointment."t
The above are the settled doctrines of courts of equity in England, in carrying into effect the statute of Elizabeth. This statute is fully administered as part of the common law of Massachusetts,J and it has been recently decided by its highest tibunal, that where the charitable gift is devised to trustees, the court will not allow it to fail, but apply, if necessary, the cy pres doctrine.§

Tudor on Charities, 212.

j- Id. 216.

Hadlev v. Hopkins Academy, 14 Pickering, 253, 262, Going v. Emery,

16 Id. ll, Sanderson v. White, IS Id. 328, Burbank v. Whitney, 24 Id.

146 Bartlett v. Nye, 4 Metcalf, 378, Washburn v. Sewall, 9 Id. 280; Sobier

v. St. Paul's Church, 12 Id. 250, Brown v. Kelsey, 2 Cushing, 243, Win

slow v. Cummings, 3 Id. 358, Bliss v. Am. Bible Society, 2 Allen, 334.

Jackson's Executors v. Phillips ct al., Jan., 1867.

LORINGS V. MARSH.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court.
The first question in the case arises on the following pro-
vision of a statute of the State of Massachusetts "When any testator shall omit to provide in his will for any of his children, or for the issue of any deceased child, they shall take the same share of his estate, both real and personal, that they would have been entitled to, if he had died intestate, unless it shall have been provided for by the testator in his lifetime, or, unless it shall appear that such omission was ntentional,and not occasioned &yany accident or mistake." As it is admitted that no provision was made by the testatrix in her lifetime for the issue of the deceased son, the question turns on the remaining clause of the statute, and, so far as regards an examination of it with reference to the terms of the will, depends on facts, which may be stated as follows. At the date of the will, in which a life estate was given to the son, his children were living, but were not noticed therein by the testatrix, nor in the codicil of the 14th July, the year following, in which the life income of the son was increased.
There is, therefore, an entire omission to make any provision for the issue, or, even to notice them in the will, which brings the complainants directly within the enacting clause of this statute, and entitles them to a share of the estate the same as if the testatrix had died intestate, unless, in the language of the act, "it shall appear that such omission was intentional, and not occasioned by any accident or mistake." Whether or not the omission was intentional, or by mistake, may be ascertained from a careful perusal of the terms of the will, or by parol. This is the settled construction of the statute by several decisions in the courts of Massachusetts, where, it is said, that whenever it appears the testator has, through for-getfulness or mistake, omitted to bestow anything upon the child or grandchild, the legislature intended to effect that which it is highly reasonable to believe, but for such forgetfulness, he would, himself, have done. And, speaking of an examination of the will as bearing upon the subject, it is- observed, that whenever it may fairly be pre-

Dec. 1867 ]

LORi.-Gs v. MAlRSH.

Opinion of the court.

sumed from the tenor of the will, or from any clause init, that the testator intentionally omitted to give a legacy, or make a devise to a child or grandchild (whose parent is dead), the court will not interfere.
In the present case it is claimed, that by a perusal of the will, or by the parol proof, or both, it satisfactorily appears, that the omission by the testatrix was intentional, so as to cut off the grandchildren, the complainants.
The grounds upon which this is urged on the part of defendants are-
(1) That the grandchildren were living at the time of the execution of the will, and of the codicil, as was also their father, for whom particular provision was made out of the estate. It is insisted that the testatrix, in settling upon the portion thus devised to the father on both of these occasions, must have had present to her mind the grandchildren, that it is not natural, or reasonable to suppose, she could, on each of them, have deliberately and solemnly made provision for the father, without taking into consideration the state and condition of his family, which then consisted of his wife and the three grandchildren, and, in confirmation of this view, cases are referred to where the gift was to the grandchildren, omitting the parent, and the mere statement in the will that the grandchildren were the children of the son or daughter omitted, was held conclusive that the son or daughter was not forgotten, but intentionally omitted-such as a gift "to the children of her son Edward"-or "to grandchildren of his daughter Sarah."*
(2) The studied exclusion of the grandchildren, then living, by limiting the provision made for the father to a life estate, and, at his death, giving it over to charitable usesand repeating the same limitation in the following year on the execution of the codicil. In view of these circumstances, and this posture of the case, it is insisted that the testatrix must have haa called to her mind the children of the son, and also the farther fact, that, in the ordinary course of

Church v.Crocker, 3 Massachusetts, 17, Wild v. Brewer, 2 Id 570 Wilder v. Goss, 14 Id. 357.

:LOnR-NcS v. MARSI. Opinion of the court.

[Sup. Ct.

nature, the children, or some of them, would survive the father; notwithstanding all which, she limited the provision for the father to a life estate, and devised the remainder over from the children.
It has been argued that the time to which the question of omission has reference, is the time of Mrs. Loring's decease. This, in a general sense, may be true, because, till then, it was possible for her to make provision in a codicil, or by a new will, for the grandchildren. It could not, therefore, be absolutely known before her decease that such provision would not be made. But, whether the omission was intentional, or by mistake, is not confined to this period, on the contrary, when the question is answered from a perusal of the will, it is necessarily limited to the time of its execution. And, even when it, depends on oral proof, that proof is received for the purpose of ascertaining the mind of the testatrix at the same period. For, it is the state of her mind at the time of the execution, generally speaking, that is to be looked to, in the contemplation of the statute, with a view to determine whether the omission was inten-
tional, or by mistake. This case has been likened, in the argument, to that of a
'3hild born after the making of the will, because the grandchildren only became the issue of a deceased son after the death of their father, and which occurred subsequent to the execution of the will and codicil. Whether this be so or not, cannot change the aspect of the case, or the principles that must govern it.
Undoubtedly, in the case of a son born after the making of the will, and before the death of the father, the omission to provide for him cannot be known till the death of the father, for, till then, it was competent for him to make the suitable provision. This was the case of Bancroft v Ives.* But, even in that case, it was conceded to be competent for the adverse party to prove that the omission was intentional, and evidence was received and examined on the point. It

* 3 Gray, 367.

Dec. 1867.]

LOnitNGS V. MARS.¢. Opinion of the court.

was held to be insufficient for the purpose. But, in tLe case of Prentliss v Prentiss,*it was held, that a child born after the will, and before the decease of the father, was intentionally omitted; as appeared plainly on the face of the inRtrument. It is, doubtless, more difficult to establish that
the omission was intentional, in the case of children born after the will, than if born before, and living at its date. iBut it would seem from the course of decisions that this is the only distinction, if it be one, in the statute.
Our conclusion on this branch of the case is, that upon a perusal of the provisions of the will, regard being had to the course of decision under the statute in the courts of the State, it sufficiently appears, especially in connection with the oral proof, that the omission to provide for the issue of the deceased son in the will was intentional, and not by accident or mistake.

The next question in the case is, whether or not the power
conferred by the testatrix upon the trustees, L. H.lMarsh and S. E. Guild, to appoint three or more persons to desigiiate the objects of her charities under the will, has been legally executed.
It is insisted, on the part of the complainants, that the power of appointment is a naked authority to appoint persons who were to act for the testatrix in choosing the objects of her bounty, and to make known to them such facts as the two trustees should deem proper to guide or influence them in the selection, that it was a personal power which looked to the merit and qualification of the individuals for the discharge of the particular duty, and, that being a naked power, the survivor was incompetent to ex-
ecute it. If the premises are well founded the conclusion is unde-
mable.t We are satisfied, however, that this is a mistaken view
of the authority conferred on the trustees. They were in-

* 11 Allen, 47.

- Peter v. Beverly, 10 Peters, 561, 2 Story's Equity,

VOL. T1.

23

1062, and cases.

LORINGS V. M1ARSH. Opinion of the court.

[Sup. Ct.

vested with the whole of the legal estate, and were to hold the same in trust to "manage, invest and reinvest the same according to their best discretion," and pay over the income to the three children of the testatrix during their lives, and, on their decease, the said Marsh and Guild, or thearsuccessors, as trustees, shall select and appoint the three persons, &c., and thereupon the said trust fund shall be disposed of and paid over in accordance with the determination of the said persons, as certified by them in writing. And then direction is given in the will to the trustees to sell and convey any and all the real estate which may be in their hands, at their discretion, for the benefit of the charities.
Now, it is quite clear, from this reference to the will, that the trust conferred upon Marsh and Guild could not have been intended as a personal trust looking to the fitness of the donees of the power, as it is conferred upon them and their successors, and, as the execution of the trust for charitable uses was postponed by the terms of the will until after the decease of the three children of the testatrix, it was natural and reasonable to have supposed that it would not take place in the lifetime of the trustees named, but would descend to their successors.
But what is more decisive of the question is, that inasmuch as the trustees are invested with the legal estate, in order to enable them to discharge the various trusts de clared, it is well settled that the power conferred is a power coupled with an interest, which survives, on the death of one of them, and may be executed by the survivor. (See the authorities above referred to.) It is not necessary that the trustees should have a personal interest in the trust, it is tue possession of the legal estate, or a right vrtute officii in the subject over which the power is to be exercised, that makes an interest, which, when coupled with the power, the \ latter survives. A trust, therefore, will survive when in no way beneficilU to the trustee.
We have said the trustees were invested with the legal estate for the purpose of enabling them to perform the vario'is trusts .devolved, such as managing the estate, investing

Dec. 1867.]

MUSSINA v. CAVAZOS.

855

Syllabus.

and reinvesting the funds belonging to it, paying over the income to the children during their lives, converting the real estate into personal, and, among others, the selection and appointment of the committee of gentlemen who were to designate the donees of the charity. This was one of the incidental trusts or duties devolved upon them by the testatrix, as trustees of the estate, upon whom she had conferred such large powers over it, and which, on the death of Guild, survived with the other trusts to the co-trustee. No wellgrounded distinction can be made between these trusts. If the power survives as to one of them it survives as to all, as it is apparent on the face of the will that the trustees were to act in the same capacity in the execution of all of them.
As it respects this devise to charitable, institutions there can be no doubt upon the law of. Massachusetts, as habitually administered in her courts, but that the objects of the bounty are made sufficiently certain by the mode pointed out in the will; and as the question is to be determined by the local law of the State there is an end of the objection.

DECREE AFFIRMED.

MUSSINA v. CAVAZOS.
1. The writ of error by which a case is transferred from a Circuit Court to this court is the writ of the Supreme Court, although it may be issued by the clerk of the Circuit Court; and the original writ should always be sent to this court with the transcript.
2. The writ is served by depositing it with the clerk of the Circuit Court, and if he makes return by sending here a transcript in due time, this court has jurisdiction to decide the case, although the original writ may be lost or destroyed before it reaches the Supreme Court.
3. The cases of Castro v. United States (3 Wallace, 46), and Villabolos v. Same (6 Howard, 81), commented on and explained.
4. It is not a fatal defect in a writ of error that it describes the parties as plaintiffs and defendants in error, as they appear in this court, instead of describing them as plaintiffs and defendants, as they stood in the court below, if the names of all the parties are given correctly.

Dec. 1867.] CRAWSHAY v. SOUTTER AND KNAPP.

739

Statement of the case.

true answer to the proposition is that there is no matter of contract involved in the substitution of new trustees, with the assent of the chancellor, in the place of those named in a testamentary devise, unless the act be one which infringes some vested right of the trustees. .othing of the kind is pretended in this case and there is no foundation for the proposition.
JUDGMENT AFFIRMED WITE COSTS.

CRAWSHAY ET AL. V. SOUTTER AND KNAPP.
1. Where there had been a foreclosure and sale under a railroad mortgage to secure certain bonds, exceptions to the sale were refused to be entertained in favor of such of the bondholders as had been parties to a scheme under which the sale had been made for the formation of a new company, and had surrendered their bonds in exchange for stock and bonds of such new association.
2. Where as to a bondholder differently situated the decree below, in confirming the sale, had imposed the condition of payment to him by the new company of the fall amount of his bonds of the old company, principal and interest, such decree was affirmed without considering the abstract validity of the exception taken by him.
THESE were two appeals from the Circuit Court for Wisconsin, one by Crawshay and Oddie and one by Vose, to review an order confirming the sale of a railroad under a mortgage. The case was shortly this:
Soutter and Knapp, surviving Bronson, were trustees for the benefit of bondholders of a mortgage called a land-grant mortgage given by the La Crosse and Milwaukee Railroad Company on a part of its road. - The mortgage had been foreclosed, and as is frequent in such cases in Wisconsin, a new company, named the St. Paul, was formed by the purchasers, here the bondholders. Among the bondholders were Crawshay, Oddie, and Vose, the appellants. The two former surrendered all their bonds, and took certificates of stock. The latter (who had been appointed by his cocreditors a trustee to t rganize the new company), however,

740

CRAWSHAY V. SOUTTER AND KNAPP. [Sup. Ot.

Opinion of the court.

yet had in his possession, bonds for $5000,. for which he held certificates of the trustees entitling him to a corresponding amount of stock in the new company.. A difference arose between him and his co-trustees; and the court having confirmed the sale of the old road under the mortgage, he, Crawshay and Oddie appealed from its action. The confirmation had been made subject to payment by the new company of his debt, principal and interest.

Mr. Ryan, for the appellants; lUessrs. Cary aud Carlisle, contra.
Mr. Justice DAVIS delivered the opinion of the court in the cases.
After a protracted litigation, the Circuit Court for the District of Wisconsin, at its last September Term, confirmed the sale made by the marshal in what is known as the land-grant foreclosure suit, brought by Soutter and Knapp, surviving trustees, against the La Crosse and Milwaukee Iailroad Coinpany.' These appeals are brought here to review that order of confirmation, and will be considered together. Various exceptions were taken in the court below, and are renewed here, to the report of the marshal of the sale of the mortgaged premises, but it is unnecessary to notice them, as Crawshay and Oddie are not in a condition to- avail themselves of them; and the rights of Vose, as owner of bonds or certificates, are protected by the order of confirmation. Crawshay and Oddie were original bondholders under the land-grant mortgage, but before filing their exceptions to the report of sale, they had surrendered their bonds to the trustees, appointed under the scheme for the adjustment of the affairs of the La Crosse company; took certificates of stock, and subsequently the bonds and stock of the St. Paul company, as provided in the agreement for organizing it. By doing this, they elected to abide by the action of the trustees, and cannot now be heard to interpose any obje2tion to the confirmation of the sale.
Vose was one of the trustees appointed by the pondhold.

Dec. 1867.] CRAWSHAY V. SOUTTER AND ]KNAPP.

741

Opinion of the court.

ers of the La Crosse company to adjust its affairs, and form a new company, but differences sprung up between him and his co-trustees, resulting in their refusal to co-operate with him. It is unimportant to inquire whether his co-trustees were justified in their treatment of him, because, before the confirmation of the sale by the court, the trust agreement was substantially closed. All the bondholders, except Vose, had exchanged their securities for the bonds and stock of the St. Paul company. Vose, at the time of filing exceptions to the report of the sale, was the owner of five bonds of the La Crosse company, for which he held the certificates of the trustees, entitling him to a corresponding amount in bonds and stock of the new company. It is not necessary to determine whether, by exchanging his old bonds for certificates of stock in the new company, he was not so far committed to the adjustment scheme, as to prevent his withdrawal from it, for in any aspect of the case, all rights that he could possibly.have under the land-grant mortgage, were protected by the court. The order of confirmation was expressly made subject to the payment to him by the St. Paul company, of five bonds of one thousand dollars each, with all accrued and unpaid interest, upon the surrender by him of the certificates of the trustees, and all claims for dividends.
He certainly could reasonably ask no more than the payment of the principal and interest of his La Crosse bondsif he was unwilling to take the stock and bonds of the St. Paul company with their unpaid dividends, according to the trust agreement,-and as the court obliged the St. Paul company to pay him the full amount of his La Crosse bonds, it is hard to see how he is aggrieved by the order of confirmation.
DECREE AFFIRMED.

Dec. 1867.]

WILLIAMSON V. SUYDAM.

723

Syllabus.

not be doubted. Whether the failure to act proceeded from indifference, weakness, or something more censurable, we have no means of determining. Be this as it may, in not doing what duty to their deceased friend and their own honor required them to do, they have entailed hardship and pecuniary loss on others.
Enough has been said in this case to show that De ]a Croix knew of the making of this will, and also knew substantially what were its contents. If so, in law as well a in morals, he purchased the property in dispute in bad faith, and must account for it to the real owner.
The decree of the Circuit Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana REVERSED, and this cause remanded to that court with instructions to enter a decree for the complainant in conformity with this opinion and the opinion in the case of Gaines v. l¥ew Orleans, and to refer the case to a master to take proof, and ascertain the amount due.

GRIER,SWAYNE, and MILLER, JJ., dissented.

WILLIAMSON V. SUYDAM.
1. A statute authorizing the chancellor of the State to discharge trustees named in a will (the purpose of the trust being to hold real estate and to pay the rents to a person named for life, and on his death to dispose of the fee to his children), and to appoint new trustees in their place, is valid; it appearing that the act was passed with the knowledge and at the request of the original trustees.
2. The trustees having been discharged pursuant to the statute, it was competent for the legislature, by a supplemental act, to grant power to the chancellor to appoint, as such trustee, in the place of those discharged, the devisee of the life estate, and authorize him to execute the trust. Such discharge and substitution did not violate the obligation of a contract.
3. The first statute having authorized trustees to be appointed by the chancellor to divide, as soon "as conveniently may be," certain real estate which they held in trust for A. for life, remainder to his children, one moiety whereof-the statute said-shall be held by them to those uses, and the remaining moiety shall be subdivided by them into so many lots as they think most likely to effect an advantageous sale, the proceeds to be invested and the interest to be paid to tenant for life: held, -(Ihe charcellor having made an order that the eastern moiety of the

WILLIAMSON V. SUYDAMSp.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

estate should be sold, and a third act of assembly having authorized the trustee, under the order theretofore granted, or any subsequent order, either to mortgage or sell the premises which "the chancellor has permitted or may permit him to sell ")-that the power to partition the
estate was not exhausted by the first partition into an eastern and western portion, and that the chancellor might permit the substituted trustee to sell the southern moiety instead of the eastern. 4. This would be so as an original question: one, however, already settled by this court in the case on former judgment. In addition, it would be to be taken to be so at all events, the question arising in this case on a statute which has been construed in that way by the highest court of the State which passed it.

ERROR in ejectment to the Circuit Court for the Southern District of New York.
The case was thus:
Mary Clarke, who died in 1802, devised certain land, now town lots in New York City, to the Right Rev. Benjamin Moore, his wife (the daughter of Mrs. Clarke), and a third person, Mrs. Maunsell, in trust, to receive the rents, to pay the same to her grandson, Thomas B. Clarke (a man, apparently, of improvident habits) during life, and upon his death to convey it to his issue, then living, in fee; and leaving none, then to Clement C. Moore, in fee.
In May, 1811, Bishop Moore had become enfeebled in health. His son, on his father's behalf, in that month, addressed a communication to the Diocesan Convention of the State of New York, requesting it to appoint an assistant bishop for that diocese; wherein he stated, "that though the disease with which it had pleased Almighty God to visit him, was somewhat mitigated, yet, that it was impossible, he was assured, that he should ever be able to render or perform the duties of the episcopal functions." Thereupon the convention appointed an assistant. In July following, the bishop was struck by paralysis, and grew weaker until he died, in February, 1816.
In 1814, the legislature of New York, on the application of Mr. Clarke,-who had at this time two children, a third afterwards born not having as yet come into being,-passed an act, in which-reciting that the trustees had agreed by

Dec. 1867.J

WILLIAMSON V. SUYDAM. Statement of the case.

writing to all such acts as the legislature should deem proper to make for the benefit and relief of T. B. Clarke, and did desire that some other persons might be appointed trustees-it was provided, that the Court of Chancery, on his application, might "appoint one or more trustees to execute and perform the several trusts and duties" specified in the will, in place of the testamentary trustees, "who are hereby dischargedfrom the trusts in the said will mentioned:" and, further, that the new trustees should, "1as soon as conveniently may be, partition and divide " the land "into two equal parts, one moiety whereof shall be held by them to the uses and upon the trusts declaredin and by the saidwill, and the remaining moiety shall be subdivided by the said trustees into so many l9ts as they may think most likely to effect an advantageous sale thereof; and after having completed such subdivision, the said trustees are hereby authorized and required, within a convenient time thereafter, not to exceed six months, except at the request of the said Clarke, to sell and dispose of the said last subdivided moiety," the proceeds to be invested, the interest, excepting a certain portion, to be paid to Mr. Clarke, and the principal reserved for the trusts of the will.
In 1815, on the application of Mr. Clarke, a supplemental act was passed authorizing nim1 "to execute and perform every act in relation to the real estate, with like effect that trustees duly appointed under the said act might have done, and that HE apply the whole of the interest and income of the said property to the maintenance and support of his family and the education of his children ;" and further providing that "no sale of any part of the said estate shall be made by the said Clarke until he shall have procured the assent of the chancellor to such sale, who shall, at the time of giving such assent, also direct the mode in which the proceeds of such sale shall be vested in the said Clarke as trustee; and, further, that it shall be the duty of the said Clarke annually to render an account to the chancellor, or to such person as he may appoint, of the principal of the proceeds of such sale only, the interest to be applied by the said Clarke in such manner as he may think proper for his use and

WILLIAMSON V. SUYDAM. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ct.

benefit, and for the maintenance and education of his chil-
dren."
In July, 1815, an order was made by the chancellor, on the petition of Mr. Clarke, authorizing him to sell and dis-
pose of the easternmoiety of the estate, "to be divided by the line in the manner for that purpose mentioned in the said petition," the sales to be made under the direction of a master, and the proceeds to be paid to the master, and applied and invested according to the directions of the order.
In 1816, a third act was passed, authorizing Clarke, "under the order heretofore granted by the chancellor, or under any subsequent order, either to mortgage or to sell the premises which the chancellor has permitted, or hereafter may permit him to sell, and to apply the money so raised, by mortgage or sale, to the purposes required by the chancellor, under the acts" theretofore passed.
-InMarch, 1817, the chancellor, upon the petition of Mr. Clarke, made an order that Mr. Clarke be authorized to sell the southern moiety of the said estate .... instead of the eastern moiety, as permitted and directed by the orders theretofore made, and further authorizing him to mortgage all or any part or parts of the said southern moiety of the said estate, if in his judgment it would be more beneficial to mortgage thau to sell the same; and to convey any parts of the southern moiety, in satisfaction of any debts due from him, upon a valuation to be agreed on between him and his respective
creditors: provided, that every sale and mortgage and conveyance in satisfaction, that might be made by the said Clarke, should be approved by one of the masters of the court, &c.
In October, 1818, Clarke executed a deed of twenty lots to one McIntyre. The consideration recited in the deed is the indebtedness of the grantor to the grantee "in a large sum of money," and $3750 paid.
In this state of things, Clarke having died in 1826, leaving children, Mrs. Williamson and others, these all now brought suit against Suydam to recover two lots in the westen moiety of 'he estate, as first divided, held by him under title from Me-

Dec. 1867.]

WILLIAMSON V. SUYDAM.

Statement of the case.

Intire. The court below held the title of the defendant good The correctness of such view was now the matter here.
To understand the case better, it is necessary to state that these statutes and what was done under them had been the subject, previous to the present case, of consideration in the State courts of New York, as, also, in this court. The present case itself had been here twice before.
Questions under the statutes first arose in the courts of
New York, in Sinclairv. Jackson,* in which case the court
declined to express an opinion, respecting "the constitutionality of the laws, or the efficacy of the proceedings under them." The next case was Cochranv. Van ,Srlay,twhere the Court of Errors, by a much divided court, held, that the statutes were constitutional, and that the proceedings shown in that case had been taken in conformity to the statutes.
After this decision was made, proceedings under these statutes came before the courts of the United States, and on certificate of division were decided by this court in Williamson v. Berry,J Williamson v. The Irish Presbyterian Congregation,§ and Williamson v. Bal.Ii
This court then decided various questions, which arose respecting the conformity of the proceedings to the requisitions of the statutes. But the decision in Clarke v. Van Suricy, having been so far from unanimous, the majority of this court thought that the questions might be examined anew, and their view was different from that of the majority in the State court. The presentcase, which, as already mentioned, had been here twice before, was first decided by the Circuit Court, and in conformity to the decisions of this court just mentioned. Coming here again the judgment was reversed, on the ground that subsequently to the cases already referred to in this court, the courts of New York had, in Towle v. .Forney,** and Clarke v. Davenport,tt reiterated the decision in Cocheran v. Van Surley, and thus by repeated decision had

* 8 Cowen, 579.
: 8 Howard, 495. 24 Howard, 483.
It 1 ]3oswell, 96.

- 20 Wendell, 865; S. C., 15 Id. 439.

\

8 Howard, 565.

118 Howard, 566.

** 14 New York, 426; S. 0., 4 Duer, 164.

WILLIAMSON V. SUYDAM.

[S ul. O .

Opinion of the court.

established in a way which, by its unanimity, had fixed what was decided a law of property, which the Federal courts must now enforce, whatever might be their own opinion or decision.
Mr. David Dudley Field,for the plaintiff in error:
Since this court has thus determined, that it will look only to the State courts for the exposition of statutes and documents affecting the title to land, even though it may have previously adjudged that such exposition was erroneous, and however contrary to reason that exposition may be, the plaintiffs must abstain from debating any of the questions so resolved. iBut two questions remain that have never been passed on by any court, and these we now make:
I. The power to partition the estate into two equal parts was exhausted by the partition into an eastern and western portion.
II. Tle discharge of the trustees by the legislature of iew York was in contravention of that clause of the Constitution of the United States, which declares that no State shall pass any law impairing the obligatioin of contracts.
These two points Mr. Field argued at length.

iNo opposing counsel appeared in this case. In one quite like it- Williamson v. Moore-the defendant was represented by Mr. H. . Davies, who contended-
1. That it was a matter of necessity, in the condition of his health, that Bishop Moore should be discharged, and also that the two female trustees named should be discharged, and that provision by law should be made for the appointment of competent and proper trustees.
2. That both the questions now raised had been in fact decided in the State courts and in the last decision in this court.

Mr. Justice CLIFFORD delivered the opinion of the court.
The action was ejectment to recover the possession of two lots of land, situated in the city of New York, and numbered sixty-four and sixty-five, as delineated on a certain map made

Dec. 1867.]

WILLIAMSON V. SUYDAM. Opinion of the court.

by the city surveyor. 'Exceptions were taken by the plaintiffs to the instructions of the Circuit Court, in directing the jury to return a verdict for the defendant. Judgment was accordingly rendered for the defendant, and the plaintiffssued out this writ of error.
Detailed statement of the material facts of the case may be found in the reported decisions of this court, when the case was before the court on two former occasions.* Accurate report of the material facts involved in the controversy is also given in the case of Williamson v. Be-ry,t which was substantially overruled by the decision of this court, when the case was last before the court prior to the present hearing.
Prior to her death the land in controversy belonged to Mary Clarke, who died in 1802, having devised the same to three persons in trust to receive the rents, issues, and profits thereof, and to pay the same to Thomas B. Clarke during hiis natural life, and upon his death, in further trust to convey the same to his lawful issue living at his death, in fee; and if he should not leave any lawful issue at the time of his death, then, in the further trust, to convey the premises to Clement C. Moore and his heirs, or to such person in fee as he might by will appoint, in case of his death prior to the devisee of the life estate.
Admitted facts are that Thomas B. Clarke died on the first day of May, 1826, leaving three children-Catbarine, Isabella, and Bayard-who, with the husbands of the two daughters, were the original plaintiffs. Two of the trustees died before the devisee of the life estate, and the survivor died on the fourth day of December, 1838. Title and right of the plaintiff to possession are complete, unless the defendant can establish a valid alienation of the property. He deraigned his title from Thomas B. Clarke, alleging that he was authorized by certain private acts of the legislature of the State of New York, and by certain orders of the chan.

* Suydam v. Williamson, 24 Howard, 427; Same v. Same, 20 Id. 427
f 8 Id. 495.

-WILLIAMSON V. SUYDAM. Opinion of the court.

[Sup. Ct.

cellor of that State, to make the conveyance. Clarke conveyed to Peter Mclntire by deed of the twentieth of October.
1818, and Mclntire conveyed by deed of the thirtieth of Jan.uary, 1830, to Elijah Humphreys, and the plaintiff also introduced the deed from Philo T. Ruggles, one of the masters in chancery of the State, of the nineteenth February, 1845, to James HI. Suydam, the d6fendant. By the act of the first of April, 1814, the Court of Chancery was authorized, on the application of Th6mas B. Clarke, to constitute and appoint one or more trustees to execute and perform the several trusts and duties specified in the will of Mary Clarke, in the place of the testamentary trustees; and it also provided that the trustees last named " are hereby discharged from the trusts in the said will mentioned."
Provision was also therein made that the new trustees should, as soon as conveniently might be, partition and divide the land into two equal parts, one moiety whereof should be held by them to the uses and upon the trusts declared in the will, and the other moiety should be subdivided by the trustees, or the major part of them, into so many lots as they, or the major part of them, might think most likely to effect an advantageous sale thereof. Having completed the subdivision, as required, the provision was that the trustees, or a majority of them, were authorized and required, within a convenient time thereafter, not to exceed six months, except at the iequest of the petitioner, to sell and dispose of the last subdivided moiety, and that they should invest the proceeds as they, or a majority of them, should deem most for the interest of the parties concerned, paying the interest or income, except a certain portion of it,
to the petitioner, and reserving the principal for the trusts
of the will. On the application of said Thomas B.'Clarke a supple-
mental act was passed March 24th, 1815, authorizing and empowering the petitioner to execute and perform every act, matter, and thing in relation to the real estate mentioned in the preceding act, in like manner and with like efiet that' trustees duly appointed under it might have done, and that

Dec. 1867.]

-6WILLIAMSON V. SUYDAM. Opinion of the court.

he might apply the whole of the interest and income of the property to the maintenance and support of his family, and the education of his children; and further providing that no sale of any part of the real estate should be made by him until he should have procured the assent of the chancellor to such sale, who, at the time of giving such assent, was also required to direct the mode in which the proceeds of such sale, or so much thereof as he should think proper, should be vested in the petitioner as trustee, and that it should be the duty of the trustee annually to render an account to the chancellor, or to such person as the chancellor might appoint, of the principal of the proceeds of such sale, leaving the interest to be applied by the trustee in such manner as he might think proper, for his use and benefit, and for the maintenance and education of his children.
Pursuant to the authority therein -conferred, the chancellor, oil the petition of said Thomas B. Clarke, made an order, dated the third day of July, 1815, authorizing him to sell and dispose of the eastern moiety of the estate, "to be divided by the line, in the manner for that purpose mentioned in the said petition;" the sale to be made under the direction of a,master, and the proceeds to be paid to the master, and applied and invested as directed in the order. Subsequently a second supplemental act was passed, approved March 29th, 1816, which authorized the petitioner, under the order heretofore granted by the chancellor, or under any subsequent order, either to mortgage or to sell the premises which the chancellor has permitted, or may hereafter permit him to sell as trustee under the will, and to apply the money so raised by mortgage or sale to the purposes required or to be required by the chancellor, under the legislative acts to which reference is made. Application was accordingly made to the chancellor, May 30th, 1816, for authority to proceed under the second supplemental act, and an order was passed on that day authorizing him to mortgage instead of selling the lands embraced in the preceding order of the court; the moneys thereby procured, and the debts there-
with extinguished, to be appropriated and adjusted in the

732

WILLIAMSON V. SUYDAM.

[Sup. Ct

Opinion of the court.

same manner and under the same checks as was provided in the prior order.
Such power, however, proved to be unavailing, as the trustee, on the eighth day of March, 1817, represented to the chancellor that, notwithstanding that authority, he could not effect any sales or raise any money upon mortgage without a sacrifihe of property greater than he felt warranted to make; that the pressure of his debts and the necessities of his family required some measures for their relief. The measures of relief suggested were that the estate should be divided by an eastern and western, instead of a northern and southern line, and that power should be granted to him to sell or mortgage the southern, instead of the eastern moiety of the estate, as directed in the prior order. Authority was accordingly given to the trustee by an order made M arch 15th, 1817, authorizing him to sell and dispose of the southern moiety of the estate, the same being divided by a line running east and west through the centre of Twenty-sixth Street, &c., instead of the eastern moiety of the estate, as permitted and directed by the orders heretofore made in the premises. By virtue of that order he might convey any part of the southern moiety in payment and satisfaction of his debts, upon a valuation agreed on between him and his respective creditors, but it was required that every sal6, mortgage, or conveyance he might make for that purpose should be approved by a master of the court, and that a certificate of such approval should be iudorsed upon every sale or mortgage that should be made by the trustee. Power was also conferred upon him in the order to receive and take the moneys arising from the premises, and apply the same to the payment of his debts, and to invest the surplus in such manner as he should deem proper to yield an income for the maintenance and support of his family.
Clarke, October 20th, 1818, conveyed twenty lots to Peter McIntire, including the two mentioned in the declaration. Consideration, as recited in the deed, is that the grantor was indebted to the grantee "in a large sum of money," and also of three thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars, lawful

Dec. 1867.]

WILLIAifSON V. SUYDAM. Opinion of the court.

money. The proofl show that the defendant was in possession, and the actual occupant of the premises at the commencement of the suit on the thirteenth day of August, 1845, and that the two lots in question are situated within the southern moiety, and were also within the western moiety as the estate was first divided.
Objections were made by the plaintiff'to the three orders of the chancellor when offered in evidence by the defendant, but the court overruled the several objections, and the plaintiff excepted to the rulings. He also objected to the admissibility of the deed of Charles W. MlcIntire, also to the indorsement thereon of the approval of the master, and also to the admissibility of the several other deeds introduced by the defendant, but the court overruled the several objections, and the plaintiff excepted to the respective rulings, as more fully explained in the record.
Testimony was also introduced by the defendant proving that there was fbrmerly on file in the Court of Chancery certain papers in which were the orders of the chaucellor, but that they were lost, and the witness testified that he knew nothing of their genuineness, whereupon the defendant rested, and the court ruled that he was entitled to a verdict, and the verdict and judgment were rendered in his favor, and the plaintiff excepted and sued out this writ of error.
1. Questions touching the validity of the before-mentioned acts of the legislature of the State were first considered judicially in the case of Sinclair v. Jackson,* in the court for the correction of errors, but the decision turned upon another point, and the court cautiously avoided expressing any opinion as to their validity. The next case was Cochran v. Van Sarlay,t decided originally in the Supreme Court of the State. Statement of the court in that case was that when the first act was passed all the parties interested in the trust estate, who were capable of acting for themselves, were before the legislature, and were applicants for the law. Be-

* 8 Cowen, 579.

-f 15 Wendell, 439.

"WILLIAMSON V." SUYDAM[. Opinion of the court.

ESup. Ct.

sides Clarke, the tenant for life, in his own right, and the natural guardian of his children, to whom the remainder was limited, there was Clement C. Moore, the contingent remainder-man in fee, and the trustees named in the will, who had the whole legal estate, and represented the minors as fully as they could be represented in any form.
Leading features of the acts are that they changed the trustees appointed by the will and authorized a sale of a part of the estate without the consent of the minors, who were entitled to the remainder in fee after the termination of the life estate. Pursuant to their request the act of April 1st, 1814, discharged the trustees named in the will from the execution of the trusts and authorizedthe court of chancery to appoint one or more trustees in their place. Subsequent act passed March 24th, 1815, authorized'and empowered Thomas B. Clarke to execute and perform every act, matter, and thing in relation to the real estate, in like manner and with like effect thattrustees duly appointed under the former act might have done. Decision of the court was that the court of chancery, without an act of the legislature, could have discharged the trhstees named in the will and might have appointed others in their place, and that tlie act of the legislature was not an act beyond their constitutional power, as the mere substitution of a new trustee could neither defeat the trust nor divest the rights of those beneficially interested in the property. Critical examination of the power to sell, as conferred under the act of April 1st, 1814, and as modified under the act of March 24th, 1815, and of the power to mortgage or sell as conferred under the act of March 29th, 1816, was made at the same time, and the unqualified conclusion reached was that the several acts were valid and constitutional, although they did not extend to other cases of a like character.
Objections were also taken that the orders of the chan. cellor were not made in pursuance of the acts of the legislature, but those objections were overruled as unsupported in fhct or as entirely unavailing, unless presented in some direct proceeding, as by appeal or by application to the chancellor

Dec. 1867.]

WILLIAMSON V. SUYDAM. Opinion of the court.

for new orders and directions in the premises. Conclusions of the court were: (1) That the acts of the legislature an thorizing the sale of the property for the support and maintenance of the tenant for life, and of his family, and the education of his children, were fully warranted by the State constitution, and that they did not in any manner conflict with the Constitution of the United States; (2) That the orders of the chancellor in carrying those provisions into effect were regular and proper, and that the deeds of conveyance were sufficient to convey the title to the estate to the grantees.
Dissatisfied with the judgment the plaintiff sued out a writ of error and removed the cause into the court for the correction of errors, where the questions were again fully argued, but the judgment of the Supreme Court of the State was in all things affirmed.*
Pending that litigation certain suits were commenced in the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York, and the justices of that court being opposed in opinion in respect to the principal question involved in the controversy, they were certified into this court for -decision, and the majority of this court adopted in substance and effect the views of the minority of the court for the correction of errors.t
Same questions in respect to the same estate were subsequently presented to the Superior Court of the City of New York, and the court adopting the State decisions, held that those acts of the legislature were not inhibited by the State constitution, nor by that clause of the Constitution of the United States which declares that no State shall pass any law impairing the obligation of contracts.1
Judgment was for the plaintiff, and the defendant insisting that the views of this court, as expressed in the answers given on the occasion when certain questions were certified here by the circuit judges of that district, appealed to the Court of Appeals that the questions might be re-examined.
* Cochran v. Surlay, 20 Wendell, 371. t- Williamson v. Berry, 8 Howard, 495. 1 Towle v. Forney, 4 Duer, 164.

WILLIAMSON V. SUYDAM.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

Express decision of the Court of Appeals was that the judgment of the Court of Errors in Cochran v. Surlay, was a final determination of the court of last resort in the State, not only upon all the questions of law in the case, but upon the identical title in controversy, and that they ought not to reexamine the grounds of that decision. They also held that, as between judgments of their own courts and those of the Federal government, where there is a conflict between them, they ought to follow their own decisions, except in cases arising under the Constitution and laws of the Union.*
Present case was first decided in the Circuit Court in favor of the plaintifi but the defendant being dissatisfied removed cause into this court by writ of error, where it was affirmed because there was no bill of exceptions.t By consent a bill of exceptions was subsequently allowed and the cause brought here on a second writ of error. Parties were again fully heard and the court came to the unanimous conclusion that the decision of the Court of Errors, sanctioned by-the subsequent decision of the Court of Appeals, established a rule of property in that State which it was the duty of this court to follow in questions of real property situated in that State.t
Plaintiff admits, in view of the ruling of this court in that case, that it will regard the decision of the State courts as rules of decision in respect to titles to real estate, that most of the questions presented in this record are closed in favor of the defendant. Where any principle of law establishing a rule of real property is settled in the State court the same rule will be applied by this court in the same or analogous cases. Conceding that the rule established in that case was to that effect, still the plaintiff" contends that two questions arising in the record remain open for discussion. -One is a question touching the construction of the second section of
the act of April 1st, 1814, which authorized the trustees to partition and divide the estate into two equal parts for the
* Towle v. Forney, 14 New York, 428.
t Suydam v. 'Williamson, 20 Howard, 429.
1 Same v. Same, 24 Howard, 427.

Dec. 1867.]

WILLIAMSON V. SUYDAM. Opinion of the court.

purpose before mentioned, which, as he insists, was never before a State court; and that the other is a question which belongs to this court to determine under the Constitution of the United States.
Questions not determined in the State court, because not raised and presented for decision by the complaining party in the court below, will not in general be examined in this court, but it is not necessary to place the decision in this case upon any such ground. Authority to partition is conceded, but the argument is that when the estate was divided into an eastern and western partition the power was exhausted. Assent of the chancellor was given in the first order to the sale by the petitioner of the eastern moiety, to be divided by the line in the manner for that purpose mentioned in the petition. By the second order the chancellor gave his assent that the petitioner might mortgage instead of sellin g the estate embraced in the former order. Third order bears date on the fifteenth of March, 1817, and by it the chancellor gave his assent that the petitioner might sell and dispose of the southern moiety of the estate, the same being divided by a line running east and west, instead of the eastern moiety as permitted and described by the previous orders. Even regarded as an original question there can be no doubt of the power of the chancellor to make that order under the act of the twenty-ninth of March, 1816, as construed in connection with the preceding acts to which it is supplemental.
Reference to the principal case* will show that the order in question was directly under the consideration of the court, and it must be regardedas a necessary intendment that the point now raised was determined adversely to the views of the plaintiff. Same remarks also apply to the case of Towle v. Forney, where this order, as well as those of prior date, were again before the court. Judgment of the court was that the title of the plaintiff in that case was valid, which affirmed the power of the chancellor to issue the orders&

VOL. VI.

* Clarke v. Van Surlay, 15 WendolU, 447. 47

WILLIAMSON V. SUY3AM. Opinion of the court.

[Sup. Ct.

Appeal was taken by the defendant to the Court of Appeals, where the judgment was affirmed.*
Careful examination was also given to that order by this court when the case was here on the last occasion before the present hearing. Thorough examination of the whole case was made at that time, and the court in conclusion say that there is no room for doubt as to what the settled opinion of the State courts is in reference to this title, and therefore that there could be no hesitation as to the proper judgment to be rendered.
Second question presented by the plaintiff is that the discharge of the trustees named in the will by the legislature
of the State, was in contravention of that clause of the Constitution of the United States which declares that no State shall pass any law impairing the obligation of contracts.
Whenever the title of the estate conveyed has been put in issue the validity of that act of the legislature has been drawn in question, and the decision in every case, except the one first made in this court, has sustained the validity of the act. None of the adjudications in form dispose of the question, but the clear and necessary intendment of each is to that effect, especially the last decision of this court, as it reverses the former views of the court in respect to the whole merits of the controversy. All the persons interested in the will who were capable of acting for themselves were before the legislature when that act passed, and the trustees named in the will were applicants for the law.
Trustees may undoubtedly be discharged by the chancellor, even without an act of the legislature, and as the mere substitution of a new trustee could neither defeat the trust nor divest the rights of those interested, it is not possible to see how the proposition of the plaintiff can be sustained.
The rights of the trustees were not invaded, as they asked to be discharged; and the ceswis que trust cannot complain, for the reason that the substitution of a new trustoe did not defeat ,'rimpair the trust or divest their interest. But the

* Thwle v. Forney, 14 New York, 426.

Dec. 1867.] CRAWSHAY v. SOUTTER AND KNAPP.

739

Statement of the case.

true answer to the proposition is that there is no matter of contract involved in the substitution of new trustees, with the assent of the chancellor, in the place of those named in a testamentary devise, unless the act be one which infringes some vested right of the trustees. .othing of the kind is pretended in this case and there is no foundation for the proposition.
JUDGMENT AFFIRMED WITE COSTS.

CRAWSHAY ET AL. V. SOUTTER AND KNAPP.
1. Where there had been a foreclosure and sale under a railroad mortgage to secure certain bonds, exceptions to the sale were refused to be entertained in favor of such of the bondholders as had been parties to a scheme under which the sale had been made for the formation of a new company, and had surrendered their bonds in exchange for stock and bonds of such new association.
2. Where as to a bondholder differently situated the decree below, in confirming the sale, had imposed the condition of payment to him by the new company of the fall amount of his bonds of the old company, principal and interest, such decree was affirmed without considering the abstract validity of the exception taken by him.
THESE were two appeals from the Circuit Court for Wisconsin, one by Crawshay and Oddie and one by Vose, to review an order confirming the sale of a railroad under a mortgage. The case was shortly this:
Soutter and Knapp, surviving Bronson, were trustees for the benefit of bondholders of a mortgage called a land-grant mortgage given by the La Crosse and Milwaukee Railroad Company on a part of its road. - The mortgage had been foreclosed, and as is frequent in such cases in Wisconsin, a new company, named the St. Paul, was formed by the purchasers, here the bondholders. Among the bondholders were Crawshay, Oddie, and Vose, the appellants. The two former surrendered all their bonds, and took certificates of stock. The latter (who had been appointed by his cocreditors a trustee to t rganize the new company), however,

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Syllabus.

[Sup. Ct.

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.
1. By the law of Louisiana, if a man bond fide believe a woman free to marry him on account of the invalidity of a former marriage; and with such a belief of this, does marry her, such marriage has its civil effects; and the child born of it is legitimate, and can inherit its father's estate.
2.' The'fact of marriage being proved, the presumptions of law are all in favor of good faith.
The court finds as a fact that there was a marriage in good faith .between the late Daniel Clark, of New Orleans, and Marie Julie (Zulime) Carriere, of the same place, some time before the birth of the present Myra Clark Gaines.
The said Myra can, therefore, take the estate of Clark left to his said daughter by an olographic vill made in 1813; the same having been the last will made by him; and having been duly admitted as such to probate by the courts of Louisiana having competent jurisdiction.
3. The probate of a will duly received to probate by a State court of competent jurisdiction, is conclusive of the validity and contents of the will in this court.
4 A will made a short time before a testator's death acknowledging a child as his legitimate and only daughter, is to be regarded, on a question of legitimacy, as an affirmative evidence of great weight; and in the na. ture of a dying testimony of the testator to the fact.
5. The probate of a will of later date necessarily and by the mere fact of its probate annuls a prior will, so far as the provis.ons of the two are inconsistent, and so far as the estate was not legally administered under the earlier will.
Accordingly, Clark's will of 1811 was annulled by his will of 1813. 6. The power of executors in Louisiana to make sale of real estate there,
terminated by the code in force in 1813, in that State, at the end of a year from their appointment, unless there was an order of court to sell. A sale made after the expiration of the year, in a case where no order of court was shown, and where the will itself gave no power of sale, was a nullity. Accordingly, sales made in 1819-20-21, &c., by Relf & Chew, as executors of Clark's will of 1811, proved in that year, passed no title. 7. The deed of a sole instituted heir gives no title by the law of Louisiana as against the real and paramount heir. Accordingly, deeds of Mrs. Mary Clark, mother of Daniel Clark, did not pass his property as against Mrs. Gaines, his only legitimate daughter. 8. On suit brought by such real and paramount heir claiming under a will of one date to recover possession, it is no defence by a party in possession under sales made by the exegutors or alleged instituted heir rnder an earlier and now annulled will, that the estate of the testator

Dec 1867.]

GAINES V. NIEW ORLEANS.

Statement of the case.

ws insolvent; a fact, however, which the court considers not to be predicable of Clark's at his death. 9. Testamentary accounts confirmed by a probate court "in all respects in which they are not opposed," cannot be regarded as "duly homologated," so as to conclude persons whose opposition has never been withdrawn, but is still active. Of this character has been the opposition of Mrs. Gaines to the accounts filed by Relf& Chew, executors of the will of Clark made in 1811. 10. A probate court cannot by subsequent order give validity to sales of real estate made by executors, which were void by the laws of the State where made. 11 'Where each of two parties claim title from one person Ps a common source, neither, by the law of Louisiana, is at liberty to deny that such person had title. Accordingly, where Mrs. Gaines, out of possession, claimed under a will of Clark made in 1813, and adverse parties claimed under an earlier will of the same person, it was not competent for these last to show that as to two-thirds of the property in contest, the equitable title was not in Clark at all, at his death, but in his partners in trade, Chew & Relf. Independently of this, the court expresses itself as not at all disposed to regard as a 11valid and executed contract" a partnership agreement by which it was sought to prove such ownership out of a testator at his death, and in his partners (who were the executors also of one will of his), the agreement itself having for twenty-five years not been made known either to creditors, purchasers, or the Court of Probate, and only now produced to bd used in a collateral way, and one which, in effect, would show that neither party to a suit wherein each claimed title, had it. 12. Although, when a claimant is endeavoring to establish an equitable title, a court of equity may refuse the use of its peculiar powers in aiding to establish it against the purchaser of the legal estate, who has acquired it fairly and honestly, yet where the complainant is not doing this, but is asserting a right to the legal estate, it does not follow that he loses that right, because the defendant may have purchased in good faith what he supposed was the legal title. 13. The case of Gaines v. Hennen (24 Howard, 615) concludes question upon the sufficiency of any plea of prescription, similar to the one set up in that case. The one in the present case being similar, the court treat its sufficiency as a question not open for argument. 14. The questions of law and'fact applicable to the rights of Mrs. Gaines in
the estate of her father, Daniel Clark, were determined in the case of Gaines v. Hennen, a case here solemnly affirmed.

Tuis case came here upon appeal from the Circuit Court of the District of Louisiana.
It was a bill in equity, filed by MIrs. Myra Clark Gaines,

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ct.

December 22d, 1856, against certain defendants, iq which she sought to recover very valuable real estate, situated in New Orleans, which belonged, as she alleged, to Daniel Clark, her father, who died in New Orleans, in August, 1818, Mrs. Gaines claiming title as universal legatee under a last will of his made in 1818.

The bill alleged,-

I

1st. That the complainant was the only legitimate child

of Clark. 2d. That all the property sought to be recovered belonged

to Clark at his decease.

3d. That at his death he left a valid last will and testa-

ment in which the complainant was declared his only legitimate child, and made his universal legatee, subject to cer-

tain payments.

4th. That this will of 1813, having been lost or destroyed,

it was duly recognized and admitted to probate by the Supreme Court of Louisiana in 1856, and ordered to be exe-

cuted.

5th. That Clark had made a provisional will in 1811, in

which he made his mother, Mary Clark, his universal legatee

and sole heir, and appointed Richard Relf and Beverly Chew

the testamentary executors thereof; which will of 1811 was

revoked by the will of 1813, but that Rclf & Chew wrong-

fully obtained the probate of the will of 1811, and illegally

administered the estate under it; making sales fraudulently

and with notice of the complainant's equities, &c.

6tb. That the complainant was a minor until 1827, and ignorant of her parentage and rights in her father's estate

until 1834, and that from that time to the present she had

persistently clainied this estate, and diligently sought its recovery by all the legal means in her power.

The bill sought a discovery from the defendants, and

prayed a delivery of the property, and an account of the

rents and profits, and for general relief.

Tnz ANSWER of the defendants admitted the possession in them of the property claimed in the bill, and that the lefal

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

Statement of the case.

title thereof was in Clark, at the time of his death in 1813; but they set up-
That Clark's title passed-to them or their grantors by virtue of sales made by Relf & Chew, as testamentary executors of the will of 1811.
That this title passed also under sales made by Relf & Chew, as attorneys of Mary Clark, "sole heir and legatee" of the will of 1811.
That the -estate of Clark was insolvent. That the accounts of Chew & Relf reporting the sales had been duly approved by the Probate Court of New Orleans; and that this was binding on the complainant. That an equitable title to two-thirds of the property was in Relf & Chew, and creditors of Clark, by virtue of certain partnership articles, of June 19th, 1813. They also pleaded the prescription of five, ten, twenty, and thirty years; and that they are "purchasers in good faith, without notice, for a valuable consideration ;" and that they are purchasers from "purchasers in good faith, without notice, for a valuable consideration." They also relied upon the nullity of the probate of the will of 1813, by the Supreme Court of Louisiana, in 1856, there having been no decree of nullity of the prior will of 1811. Upon these issues judgment was rendered against the complainant, and from such judgment it was that the present appeal was taken. The case with two accompanying it constituted the seventh, eighth and ninth appeals to this court of a controversy known as the "Gaines case." For more than one-third of a century, in one form and another, it had been the subject ofjudicial decision in this court, and the records now-complicated in the extreme-reached nearly eight thousand closely printed pages. If this court, when the case was last heard before it,* spoke of it as "one which, when hereafter some distinguished American lawyer shall retire from his

A.D. 1860, 24 Howard, 615.

GAINES V. NLEW ORLEANS.

[SLup. CL

Statement of the case.

practice'to write the history of his country's jurisprudence, will be registered by him as the most remarkable in. the records of its courts," the present reporter will surely be excused, if, in that haste which a speedy publication of current decisions requires, he shall, from such records as he has described,-and in a matter where as to facts, simply, this high tribunal has been always largely divided on the evidence,-have attained much less than perfect accuracy of detail or even than the truest form of presentation generally. As far as he has himself conceived the case from the huge volumes in which it was imbedded-but deprecating reliance upon his statement in any matter affecting property involved in these issues if, contrary to the hope expressed by this court, further question about property is anywhere to be made-the subject, in its outlines and general effect, seemed thus to present itself:

The close of the last century found residing at New Orleans, then but a small town, a person named Daniel Clark. He was a native of Ireland, born ut Sligo about the year 1766, but had received an education in England, at Eton and other places there. Before reaching the age of 21 he had come to New Orleans by invitation of an uncle already resident. there; a person of some consideration, and to whose property he succeeded in 1799. He is described as having been a nian of much personal pride and social ambition, of high intelligence, full of enterprise, and though "very peculiar in some respects" (and, in at least one, censurable), to have been characterized by numerous chivalric and honorable dispositions. His pecuniary integrity was unquestioned. He became early an actor in the events of his day and region, a leader of party there, and connected either by concert or by opposition with many public men of the time. To him more than to almost any one, as it seemed, was to be attributed the acquisition by our country of the State of Louisiana. He had been consul of the United States there before the acquisition, and in 1806-8, reprerented the Territory in Congress; its first representative in

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEw ORLEANS.

Statement of the case.

that body. Everywhere his associations were of a marked kind, and with people of social importance. Up to 1808 or 1810 he was engaged in commercial affairs on a considerable scale, and extending from New Orleans to Montreal; being associated at New Orleans with two gentlemen, both long known there as occupying positions of public trust, Messrs. Richard Relf and Beverly Chew, as partners, and in Philadelphia with the late Daniel W. Coxe, a person of distinguished standing in that city. With Mr.,Coxe his relations began so far' back as 1791. Mr. Clark died in New Orleans August 16th, 1813, at the age of 48, and, as was commonly reputed, a bachelor; but as was testified, engaged to be married to a lady of that place, Madame - , previously married and now divorced. No will but one, dated in 1811, was found after his death. It left his property to his mother, who with her husband had followed Daniel Clark to this country, and was now resident at Germantown, near Philadelphia; but of any wife or child, or children, lawful or illegitimate, it said nothing. That document had been made on the eve of a voyage from New Orleans to Philadelphia, and was in these words:

"IN THE NAME OF GOD, AIEN ! I, Daniel Clark, of New Orleans, do make this my last will -and testament: Imprimis, I order all my just debts to be paid; second, I leave and beqaehth unto my mother, Mary Clark, now of Germantown, in the State
of Pennsylvania, all estate, whether real or personal, which I may die possessed of; thirdly, I hereby nominate and appoint my friends, Richard Relf and Beverly Chew, my executors, with power to settle everything relating to my estate.
" DANIEL CLARK. £NEw ORLEANS, 20th May, 1811."

A few hours after Clark's death allegations were made by one Chevalier Dusuau De la Croix,--who represented that he had "strong reasons to believe, and did verily believe, that such a will was executed," and that he was interested in it,-of a later will, and a petition was presented to the Court of Probate, in New Orleans, setting forth the probable

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ct.

existence of such a will, and praying that each one of the different notaries of the city might appear before the court immediately, "in order to certify if there does or does not exist in his office any testament or codicil or sealed packet deposited by the said late Daniel Clark." None such was produced. The will above quoted was therefore proved before Judge Pitou, Judge of Probate, hereafter mentioned, and under it Relf and Chew, the persons named in it as executors-his already mentioned partners in trade-disposed of Clark's estates.
Soon after the time that Clark first found himself at New Orleans, was living there also a native of Clermont, France, named Jerome Des Granges. Des Granges made some pretensions to family importance at home, but in New Orleans was a confectioner; making and vending syrups and liquors also, and having a distillery. He had married in 1794, wirh the ceremonies of the Roman church, a young person of New Orleans, Zulime de Carriere, not then, as it seemed, above fourteen or fifteen years old, a native of New Orleans, from French parents in Gascony and Bordeaux, and was living with her as, his wife: a person whom various testimony proved to have been remarkable for beauty.
With Zulime, Clark became acquainted, and formed an illioit connection in or prior to 1801.
In the spring of the year just named Des. Granges sailed for France, his apparent purpose there being the recovery of Esome property, to which his wife and her sisters, two of whom were Madame Despau and Madame Caillavet, were entitled. On the 26th of March, in the Same year, these all gave to him-describing him as "our brother-in-law"a power of attorney of the fullest kind to act for them. Des Granges in turn on that same day gives to Marie Zulime Carriere, describing her as "my legitimate wife," a like power to act for him. Under this last, Zulime did act for him frequently; and on the 9th of November, 1801, being then in New Orleans,substituted her'brother-in-lawCaillavetto,receive for her certain moneys, &c. In this she describes herself, as in previous papers, as "the legitimate wife" of Des Granges.

Dec. 1867.j

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

Statement of the case.

When exactly Des Granges sailed did not appear; but he was in Bordeaux in July, 1801, and in that month writes to Clark, thanking him for letters of introduction, &c. He adds:
"When one has a friend such as you, he cannot feel too deep an interest in him. .... [ have taken the liberty to inclose a package for my wife, which I beg you to remit to her. Permit me, my dear friend, to reiterate my acceptance of the kind offer you made me before I came away, and should my wife find herself embarrassed in any respect, you will truly oblige me by aiding her with your kind advice."

Des Granges returned to New Orleans "a few months" prior to the 4th of September, 1802. He was there on that day.
While Des Granges was absent in France, Zulime was found pregnant, and was sent by Clark from New Orleans to Philadelphia, with letters introducing her to his friend and partner, Mr. Coxe. These letters informed Coxe that the pregnancy was by him, Clark, and asked that Madame Des Granges might be provided with suitable lodgings, medical attendance, and other matters necessary in such a case. The matter was all attended to by Mr. Coxe, "as the friend of Clark," and arriving at term the child was born; a girl, who received the name of Caroline. She lived in Philadelphia during childhood with her nurse, and more or less under Mr. Coxe's eye, until, becoming older, she was placed in another family in the country, in accordance with Clark's desire to have her put vhere her "health, morals, and education would be attended to." She remained in or near Philadelphia till she grew up, Clark, while he lived, paying her expenses. Arriving at womanhood, she was respectably married to a person named Barnes.
Madame Despau, a sistel' of Madame Des Granges, was with this last on the occasion of the birth of this child. As to Clark's presence in Philadelphia at the same time with these two sisters, and as to the date of this common presence there,-a matter of some importance, it may perhaps be thought, in a sibsequeut part of the narrative,-we speak

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ct,

further oil. There was no doubt that the two sisters were in Philadelphia while Clark was ther.e, not long before a certain voyage which he made from Philadelphia and New York for Europe, and of whose date we speak hereafter.*
The birth of the child was stated by Madame Despau to have been in 1801, though she said nothing about the place or circumstances of its birth. Ir. Coxe fixed it, according to his belief, in April, 1802.t
As soon after the birth of the child thus just mentioned as was prudent, Zulime returned to New Orleans, Des Granges apparently knowing nothing of what had occurred.
An incident of some importance now took place; deserving mention here chiefly as being much referred to in testimony given further on by the sisters of Zulime. It was an arrest by the church authorities of Des Granges, for bigamy.
An ecclesiastical record, dated 4th September, 1802 (Louisiana being still under Spanish and Catholic regulations) recited that it had been reported in all the city, publicly and notoriously, that Des Granges, at the time of his marriage with Zulime in 1794, and now, was married "to Barbara Jeanbelle, who has just arrived;" that the said Des Granges, having arrived from France "a few months since," had caused another woman to come here. The record continued: "And as it has been ascertained that the said Des Granges is about to depart with the last of his three wives, let him be placed in the public prison during these proceedings." Des Granges, Barbara Jeanbelle (signing herself,

· See infra, p. 678.
t The exact date of Zulime's arrival in Philadelphia was not fixed. Mr. Qoxe, who *yas examined in different branches of the Gaines controveray, once in 1841 and once in 1849, said, on the first occasion: "In or about the year 1802, Madame Des Granges brought me a letter from Daniel Olrk, introducing her, and informing me in confdence." In the second he said: "1In the early partof the year 1802." . . . With regard to the letter itself introducing Zulime, be stated his impression to be, that owing to its nature he had destroyed it at the time, or soon after reading it; if not, that it had been burnt in 1806, in which year his counting-house was consumed by fire. The records in New Orleans showed that Zulirae was in that city, Ahroveber 9th, 1801; as also on the 6th September, 1802.

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.
Statement of the case.

"B. M. Zambell de Orsi," and sometimes so styled in the proceedings), Zulime, and the "other woman," whose name, it seemed, was Yllar, were all examined by these ecclesiastical authorities. Des Granges and Barbara both stated that, about eleven years previously, he, Des Granges, had courted her in New York. She said that it had been her intention to marry Des Granges; that she obtained her father's permission to go to Philadelphia in order to be married; that while there, Des Granges begged her to come to New Orleans to consummate the marriage, which she refused to do, and as he was coming away that she changed her mind; that she then afterwards, at Philadelphia, married one Soumeyliat, with whom she went to Bordeaux; and was living there at the time ivhen Des Oranges lately arrived there; that he there found her-Des Granges himself stated, "by mere accident." According to Des Oranges' account, the father of Barbara bad refused his consent to the marriage because he was poor. What brought Madame Soumeyliat just now to New Orleans did not at all appear.
The other woman testified that she had come to this country only because, having asked Des Granges at Bordeaux, to tell her if it held out better inducements in order to gain a livelihood by sewing, he had advised her to come.
Zulime, being asked if she had heard that her husband was married to another woman, answered that, "about a year since, she heard it stated in :New Orleans that her husband was married in the North, and that in consequence she wished to ascertain whether it was true or not, and she left this city for Philadelphia and New York to ascertain the truth of the report. She had learned only that he had courted a woman, whose father, not consenting to the match, it did not take place, and she married another man shortly afterwards." She added, that the report of her husband marrying three women had caused her no uneasiness, as she was satisfied it was not true.
Des Oranges being asked, "why his wife went to the North last year?" answered, "that the principal reason was that a report had circulated in this city that he was married to

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

another woman; and that she went because she wished to ascertain whether it was true; that he had brought no documents to prove his innocence," taking it for granted that it would naturally fall, his wife being satisfied of it.
The record concluded with this
DECREE.
"Not being able to prove the public report which is contained in the original decree of these proceedings, and having no more proofs for the present, let all proceedings be suspended, with power to prosecute them hereafter, if necessary, and let the person of Geronimo des Granges be set at liberty, he paying the
costs."*
'It is, however, a noteworthy cilcumstance, perhaps, that though no evidence of the marriage of Des Granges and Barbara was produced in the ecclesiastical proceeding, there was produced in the present case a certificate in Latin, dated New York, 11th September, A.D. 1806, apparently from the Rev. W. V. O'Brian, pastor of St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church in that city, certifying that he had married, on the 6th July, 1790, "Jacobum Degrange and Barbara M. Orci." The original records of the church were now burnt.
However, Des Granges left the place, and did not return to New Orleans prior to 1805.
As respected the fact of bigamy, Madame Benguerel, a witness in this case, testified that she and her husband were well acquainted with Des Granges, and with a'person whom he married "before he imposed himself on Zulime," and that reproaching him for his baseness in the latter act, "he endeavored to excuse himself by saying, that at the time he married Zulime he had abandoned his lawful wife, and never intended to see her again."
At this 15oint of the history arose the great question of this case,

In addition to this ecclesiastical proceeding the complainant alleged
that there had been a criminal prosecution. Indices of such proceedings in New Orleans, prior to 1803, existed there, but disclosed none against Des Granges. However, about the time of the cession, the Spanish Government had carried off many records, which were now lost, or difficult of access.

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. I]TEW ORLEANS.

Statement of the case.

a question namely, whether anywhere about this time, that is to say, in or anywhere between the early part of 1802 and the end of 1803,-after the birth of the childjust mentioned,-any marriage cereononq had been peiformed between Clark and Zulime. It was
alleged on the one side that one had been performed in Philadelphia in 1803, or, possibly, in 1802. The other side denied that one had been performed anywhere. The matter will be entered upon hereafter.
Whether really married or not, Zulime became pregnant again, and of this pregnancy, Myra, the present complainant (wife in first marriage of W. W. Whitney, Esq., and in second of General E. P. Gaines, and now widow of this last), was born in New Orleans some time in 1804 or 1805 or 1806. The immediate place of the birth was the house of a friend of Clark named Boisfontaine, then casually unoc-
cupied; another friend, a protdg6 of Clark's, who had been a sea-captain and afterwards in the army, Colonel Davis, a brother-in-law of Boisfontaine, making the specific arrange-
ments. "The child," said Davis, in an account found in the record,
"was placed where it was supposed she would be properly
attended to, and Mr. Clark having left New Orleans for a short time soon after, I consented to see that this was done. It was soon apparent that the infant was neglected, and after some hesitation I communicated th facts to my wife. She went at once to see the child, was touched with compassion at her forlorn and desolate condition, and consented to take her at once to her own house. There Mr. Clark found her on his return. He did not w'ish to acknowledge her publicly as his own, and Mrs. Davis having no daughter and becoming attached to the infant, of which she thus accidentally became, as it were, the mother, determined to keep her until she should be claimed by her parents."
When about two weeks old the child was brought to Mrs. Davis's house and there given to a niece of Colonel Davis, Mrs. Harriet Harper, resident in his family. Mrs. Harper had recently had an infant of her own, and this new one was nursed at her own breast instead. The name "Myra"

654

GAINES V. TEw ORLEANS.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

was given to the child by Colonel Davis, after a niece of his
Own.
Returning with the narrative to the mother. The exact relations between Clark and Zulime from the birth of the second child up to 1808, did not appear minutely. Clark at all times kept house for himself in New Orleans, and after the birth of the child, Zulime apparently had a house, also supported by Clark. In 1806 he was sent to Congress. A quarrel took place between himself and Zulime while he was away. According to one of her sisters he had "heard things about her," things which, according to the same account, he was satisfied, though at a day too late for any advantage, were "1calumnious."* She, according to the same account, was fretted because he would not promulgate what was asserted in the present case to be a marriage. Whatever the cause, the estrangement seemed to have been complete in 1808, or perhaps earlier. Clark, then in Congress, addressed a lady of Baltimore, at this time in Annapolis, of the highest social position. ,He thus wrote to Coxe in 1808:

l DEAR SIR:

"ASRWASIUGT1O2tNh ,January, 1808.

Your accounts of my visit to Annapolis have been, as usual,

much ahead. Whenever I am fortunate enough to induce any

one to engage herself to me, I shall let you and Mrs. Coxe both

know it; but until I seejour a mes affaires, I shall make no en-

gagement.

Remember me respectfully to Mrs. Coxe, and believe me, my

dear friend,

Yours sincerely,

DANIEL CLARK.

Mrs. Harriet Harper, another witness, stated that Clark, on going to Washington, left as a servant with Zulime at New Orleans the wife of his own personal servant, a slave whom he much liked, named Lubin; that while he was thus absent, certain individuals who had or supposed they had "a great interest in dissolving his connection with the mother of his child, commenced a plan of breaking it up, by writing to Mr. Clark imputations against her, and by filling her mind with unfavorable impressions against him, till at length his mind was so poisoned, that when he arrived at New Orleans he and she had a severe quarrel and-separated; immediately after which she left New Orleans "

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. IEW ORLEANS.

655

Statement of the case.

MY DEAR FRIEND:

WASHINGTON, 9th February, 1808.

I shall set off this evening for Annapolis, and shall pass two

or three days there. If I find Miss

as favorably in-

clined toward me as you have hinted, I shall endeavor so to

secure her affections as to permit me to offer myself to her, at

my return to this country in the course of the ensuing winter.

I shall first go home to settle my affairs. On this subject I have

never yet spoken to her, and I now communicate my intentions

to you, that you may inform Mrs. Coxe, who will, I hope, as

well as yourself, keep the affair quiet. At my return I shall

inform you of the result. Yours affectfonately,

DANIEL CLARK.

MY DEAR FRIEND:

WAsHINGToN, 14th February, 1808.

Previous to setting off for Annapolis I informed you of my

intention. I am sorry to have now to mention that it not only

has not been effected, but that the affair is fbrever ended. The

reasons I will give you when we meet, although they are too

trifling in themselves to have caused the effect produced by

them. I beg you to state this to Mrs. Coxe, and if you are

spoken to on the subject, to state that you have had no knowl-

edge of the affair.

Yours sincerely,

DANIEL CLARK.

This part of the history, Mr. Coxe, in his testimony, narrated thus:
"Clark paid his addresses, with a view to marriage, to Miss - -, of Baltimore, granddaughter of the lateof-, and was partly engaged to her. He addressed herin the years 1807 and 1808. The engagement was afterwards dissolved in consequence of demands, on the part of the lady's family, of settlements and other stipulations, which convinced him that the match would be ineligible. She afterwards married the Marquis of Carmarthen now Duke of Lseds. Soon after the rupture of the engagement in the year 1808, he went to New Orleans. The engagement with Miss - was afterwards, as I understood from Mr. Clark, attempted to be renewed through the intervention of Robert Goodloe Harper, Esq., who had mar

GAINES V. N EW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

[Sup. CL.

tied into the - family;. but on reflection 21r. Clark thought the connection not desirable, and that the settlements and other stipulations demanded on her part might ruin him; and he relinquished it from these causes, and also in part in consequence of my disapprobation of it, and my belief that it might affect both him and me injuriously."

Some time prior to June 24th, 1806, Zulime filed a petition in the District Court of New Orleans against Des Granges for something. For what exactly, the reporter cannot assert, owing to the fact that the petition itself, having been lost from the court office, made no part of the transcript. The record disclosed ouly a summons dated June 24th, 1806, to "1Mr.Ellerly, curator of Des Granges," "to comply with the prayer of the annexed petition," or to file an answer in eight days. To this petition, Ellerly f'ir the defendant put
in for plea-

"That this court ought not to have cognizance of the same, because the laws by which this court was created and the juris. diction thereof established, do not extend the same to cases oJ divorce, or give this court any authority to pronounce therein, and because the damages in the said petition prayedfor cannot be inquired into or assessed, until after the judgment of this courtin touching the validity of the marriage between the petitioner and this defendant shall be first declared."

The defendant subsequently, for answer, said, "that the facts in the said petition are untrue." The certificate of marriage between Des Granges and Zulime made part of this record; and the docket entries completed it, thus:

ZULIME CAR IERE
V. DEs GRANGES.I

No. 35 .- Brown & Fromentin for plaintiff; Ellerly for defendants.

Petition filed June 24th, 1806. Debt or damages, $100. Plea filed July 1st, 1806. Set for trial on Thursday, 24th July.
Summons issued for U. Coudrain, Chovot, Mary 3tarr, Rose Carriere, Christopher Joseph Le Provost, Trouque, Le Breton d'Orgenoy, and Joseph Villar, Senior.

Attorneys, $10 00

Mr. Fourke, sworn.

Cern,

0

M r. d'Orgenoy.

Clerk, .· 7.874 tMadam Marr.

Judgment for plaintiff. Damages, $100. July 24th, 1806.

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. -NEW ORLEANS.

657

Statement of the case.

In the summer of 1807, Zulime came to Philadelphia with her sister, Madame Despau, again bringing a letter of introduction from Clark to Coxe. Clark was there in April, 1808, and in that month left it for New Orleans. In August, 1808, at Philadelphia, Zulime, in regular form of the church, was married, under the name of Carriere, to a French gentleman of good standing, named Gardette. The marriage register of St. Joseph's Church there thus recorded the fact:
MARRIED. By Right Rev. Michael Egan, James Gardette and Mary Zulema Carriere,in the year of our Lord 1808, August 2.
Witnesses: John Morges, John Dubarry, William Martin, Johr Rowan, and Isabel Rowan.

On this subject, also, Mr. Coxe testified. He said:
"Zulime did know of 31r. Clark's addresses to Miss In an interview between her and me at her request, at her lodgings, she complained to me of Mr. Clark's desertion of her, said she understood he was going to marry Miss -, and intimated that she considered herself at liberty to marry another. While I was there, Monsieur Gardette came in, and I took my leave. This was the only conversation I ever had with her on the sub. ject. She never informed me, either before or after the death of Daniel Clark, that she had been married to him, nor that Myra Gaines was the legitimate offspring of that marriage."

The parties to the connection above recorded lived for several years after it, in Philadelphia, and resided next in France. They lived reputably together, as it seemed, in

both countries, for twenty-three years, acknowledged as man

and wife, and on the death of Monsieur Gardette, in 1831,

Zulime went into mourning, and, as was said by her sister, received property as his widow. Having had three children,

always acknowledged, by this connection, Zulime, after M.

Gardette's death, returned with them, or those who survived, to New Orleans; and after living there with them respect-

ably for many years after this controversy began, died in

that city in the autumn of 1853. In May, 1836, she transferred to the (omplainant all rights that she had "in. the

Vol. v]

42

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ct.

estate, property, or succession of the said Daniel Clark." She was never examined as a witness, so far as her testimony appeared of record, in any part of the controversy;
nor did she ever, through the courts, claim his estate, or so declare the fact of a marriage with him.
We have mentioned that, in New Orleans, Mr. Clark's child was taken by Colonel Davis tQ his own house. In the spring of 1811, bein-g about to sail from New Orleans to Philadelphia, Clark made the will, already mentioned, of 1811, and wrote to Davis from shipboard, at the mouth of the river, mentioning certain evidences of property-then standing in Colonel Davis's control-which, "in case of misfortune," he says, "you will dispose of as I have directed." And setting sail from Philadelphia, on his return, in July following, he incloses to him a communication, which, "in case of accident or misfortune to me," he directs Davis to open, and to act in regard to the contents as "I directed you with respect to the other afihirs committed to your charge before leaving New Orleans." "To account," he says, "in a satisfactory manner, to the person committed to your honor, will, I flatter myiself, be done by you when she is able to manage her own affairs; until when, I commit her under God to your protection." These deposits of property, as Davis stated, related to Myra. Clark had, prior to
all this, placed in Davis's name "as owner" a large amount of real estate, with instructions to use and place it, f6r the best advantage, for his daughter Myra's interest.
In 1812, Davis came with his family to reside in Philadelphia, and brought the child with him; Clark now giving him a sum of twenty-three hundred and sixty dollars.* In Philadelphia the child was brought up by Colonel and Mrs. Davis; and commonly known by the name of "Myra Davis," though a few particular friends of Davis knew, perhaps, that shc was but an adopted child.
Arriving in Philadelphia, Colonel Davis found the mother

Suit was subsequently brought for this money by the executors of the will of 1811, and recovered from Davis. He had left his note for it with Clark

Dec. 1807.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

659

Statement of the case.

a resident there, not far from his own house. Sie visited Colonel Davis's but on a single occasion; and had no interviews with the child there or elsewhere, though not in any way formally forbidden to see her. "She once met me," testified Davis, "in the street, with Myra, and stopped to speak to me. She did not speak to Myra, or take any such notice of her that the latter remarked it. But she looked very hard at her."
In 1830, Davis, who had been elected to the legislature of Pennsylvania, being away from home, and having need for certain papers which he had left there, Myra in a search for them came accidentally upon some letters which partially revealed the circumstances of her birth. Exceedingly distressed, it was necessary that Davis, on his return, should disclose to her more fully the history. She was still commonly known as "M iyra Davis."
In 1832, she was married to Mr. W. W. Whitney, of New York, whose marriage to her was announced in the newspapers of Philadelphia, as to Miss Myra, "daughter of Col. S. B. Davis." The husband, receiving a number of'old letters from Colonel Davis, was struck by an account in one of them, from a person named Bellechasse, and then resident in Matanzas, Cuba, of a will made by Clark just before his death, in 1813, which was said to have been fraudulently suppressed, and by which his now wife, then seven or eight years old, was made sole devisee by Clark of vast property.
Whitney and his wife went to Matanzas, Cuba, saw Bellechasse-an old resident of Nerv Orleans, as it appeared, and an intimate friend of Clark; with him in his last hours, and in his house after his death. From him they got such accounts and such references, that they proceeded to New Orleans to endeavor to establish this will. Whitney began by charging a fraudulent suppression of it on certain persons there, for which he was arrested and put into prison, and compelled to give large bail in order to get out. Getting out, he proceeded to collect his proofs. They consisted chiefly of the testimony of Mrs. Harriet Harper, already named, now sixty years old, by whom the child had been nursed; of Mr.

GAnm~s v. NEw ORLEANS.
Statement of the case.

[[SSl.ip. Ut.

Pierre Baron Boisfontaine, a man of about the same age, who had been for eight years in the British army, and afterwards for several years agent of Clark's plantations; and of
Bellechasse himself, an army man like Boisfontaine, till 'Louisiana had passed to the control of this country. He was now seventy-two years old. The substance of their evidence was this-(one point in controversy, at that time especially, being whether Mgra was a child of Clark at all;* then whether legitimate; and, finally, whether Clark had left a will in her favor):
Airs. Harper testified, at different times and in substance,
thus:
"Mr. Clark and my late husband were intimate friends. I suckled in her infancy Mr. Clark's daughter Myra. I did it voluntarily, in consequence of her having suffered from the hired nurses. Mr. Clark considered that this constituted a powerful claim on his gratitude, and he afterwards gave me his confidence respecting her. I was residing with my late husband in the family of his uncle, Colonel Davis, when the infant Myra was brought into the family by Colonel and Madame Davis. I had at that time an infant of my own. I was solicited by them to suckle the infant they had brought. Colonel and Madame Davis told me she was the child of Daniel Clark. Mr..-Clark afterwards assured me she was his child, and always told me she was his only child; she was always called Myra Clirk by the whole family. I never knew her by any other name till after her marriage. Mr. Clark, during his continual attentions to, and while caressing her, ever called her his dear little daughter Myra; his affections and attentions to her seemed to increase with her age; in fact, he showed, and seemed to feel, all the paternal regard for her that the most affectionate father could show to an only child. Her clothing and playthings, Which were of the most extravagant and costly description, were provided for her by

- One allegation of the defence all through it, and pressed in differen stages with more or less confidence, was that the only child of Clark was Caroline, and that, as had been confessed by Zulime, and as others, assuming to know, had verified, "Daniel Clark was imposed upon and deceived into the belief that the said Myra was his child, when in truth she wai the child of another man."

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES v. NEW ORLEANS.

Statement of the case.

Mr. Clark; he also purchased for her a valuable servant. 'Mr. Clark invariably spoke of her to me as his only child, and as destined to inherit his splendid fortune. I witnessed the continued and increasing parental solicitude of Mr. Clark for his daughter Myra, from her early infancy till 1812, when her departure for Philadelphia with the family of Colonel Davis took place. Mr. Clark continued his frequent visits to my husband and self till his last sickness in 1813. Up to that period he always spoke of his daughter Myra with the most enthusiastic
affection. "On the occasion of the duel which he had with Governor
Claiborne, in, I think, 1807, he told me after that affair, that he had previous, by way of precaution, secured to his daughter Myra the amplest provision, in case he should have fallen, and that be had also left documents so arranged as to manifest everything of interest to her. Afterwards, in 1811, when he was about to visit Philadelphia, he told me he had made arrangements, by means of confidential transfers of property, to secure the interests of his said child, and had also left with Chew and Reif a will in favor of his mother; that this will was the result of his situation at the time.
"In 1813, some few months before his death, he told me he felt he ought no longer to defer securing his estate to his daughter Myra by a last will. Near this period he stopped one day at my house, and said to me he was on his way to the plantation of Chevalier do la Croix, for the purpose of requesting him to be named in his will one of his executors, and tutor to his daughter Myra. On his return he told me, with much ap. parent gratification, that De la Croix had consented to serve, and that Judge Pitot and Colonel Bellechasse had consented to be the other executors. Between this period and the time he brougt his last will to my house, Mr. Clark spoke very often of being engaged in making his last will; he always spoke of it in connection with his only and beloved daughter Myra, and said he was making it for her sake, to make her his sole heiress, and to insure her being educated according to his wishes. At the times Mr. Clark spoke of being engaged in making his last will, he told me over and over again what would constitute its contents; that he should in it acknowledge tho said Myra as his legitimate daughter, and bequeath all his estate to her, but direct that an annuity of $2000 should be paid to his mother during

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ct.

her life, and an annuity of $500 to a young female at the north of the United States, named Caroline Des Granges, till her majority, then it was to cease, and $5000 were to be paid her as P legacy; that his slave Lubin was to be freed, and a maintenance provided for him. He often spoke with earnestness of the moral benefit to his daughter Myra, from being acknowledged by him in his last will as his legitimate daughter, and of the happiness it would give his mother; he expressed the most extravagant pride and ambition for her; he would frequently use the em-
phatic language, that he was making her 'a bill of rights.? About four weeks before his death, Mr. Clark brought his will to my house; as he came in he said: 'Now my will is finished, my estate is secured to Myra beyond human contingency; now, if I die to-morrow, she will go forth to society, to my relations, to my mother, acknowledged by me in my last will as my legitimate daughter, and will be educated, according to my minutest wishes, under the superintendence of the Chevalier de ]a Croix, and her interests will be under the care of Chevalier de la Croix, Judge Pitot, and Colonel Bellechasse; here is the charter of her rights, it is now completely finished, and I have brought it to you to read.' He left it in my possession until the next day; I read it deliberately from beginning to end.
"After Mr. Clark's death, Colonel Bellechasse stopped at my house, and told me Mr. Clark's last will was suppressed, and that the old provisional will of 1811 was brought forward; he repeated what Mr. Baron and Lubin said (as he said) about the matter. Knowing well the unbounded confideneo reposed in Lubin by Mr. Clark, I sent for him; he came and related to me what he said occurred soon after Mr. Clark's death. I understood that the notaries of New Orleans were summoned in court on the petition of Mr. Dusuau de la Croix, to swear whether they had a duplicate of Mr. Clark's last will. The late John Poultney, of New Orleans, deceased, came with several friends to examine an iron chest of Mr. Clark's that stood in my house, in the faint hope, as they said, of finding a duplicate of Mr. Clark's last will, that is, the will of 1813. 'This was immediately subsequently to Mr. Clark's death.
" Mr. Clark was a man of powerful and acknowledged talents, towering ambition, great pride and dignity of character, strong feelings and affections. The spectacle of such a man absorbed in one object that seemed to engage all his faculties, was of

Dec. :1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

itself highly impressive. To the excessive love for his child, all who were intimate with him could bear witness; but when be
came to frame his last will, arrange his plans for her future aggrandizement, for her education, and embody principles and advice for her government through life, his wish and effort by means of his last will to carry himself beyond the grave, in all the relations as a parent to his sole and orphan child, these scenes are as vivid to my mind as if they had lately occurred."

Baron Boisfontaine testified, in the same manner, thus:
"Mr. Clark left at his death a daughter named Myra, whom he acknowledged as his own before and after her birth, and as long as he lived. In my presence he spoke of the necessary preparations fbr her birth, and asked my brother's wife to be present at her birth, and in my presence he proposed to my sister and brother-in-law, Mr. S. B. Davis, that they should take care of her after her birth. After her birth he acknowledged her to me as his own, constantly, and at various places. He was very fond of her, and seemed to take pleasure in talking to me about her.
"I was present at Mr. Clark's house about fifteen days before his death, when he took from a small black case a sealed packet, handed it to Chevalier de la Croix, and said, 'My last will is finished; it is in this sealed packet, with valuable papers; as you consented, I have made you in it tutor to my daughter. If any misfortune happens to me, will you do for her all you promised me? Will you take her at once from Davis? I have given her all my estate in my will, an annuity to my mother, and some legacies to fr-iends. You, Pitot, a-nd Bellechasse, are the executors.' About ten days before this, Mr. Clark, talking of Myra. said that his will was done. Previous to this he often told me, commencing about four months befbre his death, that he was making his last will. Two or three days befbre his death I came to see him on plantation business; he told me that he
felt quite ill. I went to the plantation to set things in order, so that I might stay with him, and returned the same day and staye(l with him constantly till he died. The day before he died, speaking of his daughter Myra, he told me that his last will was in his office-room below, in the little black case; that he would die contented, as he had insured his estate to hey in the will. He mentioned his pleasure that he had made his

664

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

[Sup. (TL

Statement of the case.

mother comfortable by an annuity in it, and remembered some friends by legacies. He told me how well satisfied he was that Chevalier de la Croix, Judge Pitot, and lBelleebasso were executors in it, and Chevalier de la Croix Myra's tutor. About two hours before his death he showed strong feelings for said Myra, and told me that he wished his will to be taken to Chevalier de ]a Croix, as he was her tutor, as well as one of the executors in it; and just afterwards told Lubin, his confidential servant, to be sure, as soon as he died, to carry his little black case to Chevalier de la Croix. After this, and a very short time before Mr. Clark died, I saw Mr. - take a bundle of keys from Mr. Clark's armoire, one of which I believe opened the little black case; I had seen Mr. Clark open it very often. After taking these keys from the armoire, Mr. - went below. When I went below I did not see Mr. - , and the office-room door was shut. Lubin told me that when Mr. - went down with the keys from the armoire, he followed, saw him then, on getting down, go into the office-room, and that Mr. -, on
going into the office-room, locked the office-room door. I was with Mr. Clark when he died, and by him constantly for the
last two days of his life. About two hours before he died he spoke of his last will and his daughter Myra in connection, and almost his last words were about her, and that his will must be taken care of on her account.
"When, after Mr. Clark's death, the disappearance of his last will was the subject of conversation, I related what he told me about his last will in his last sickness. Judge Pitot and John Lind* told me that they read it not many days before Mr. Clark's last sickness; that its contents corresponded with what Mr. Clark had told me about it; that when they read it it was finished, was dated, and signed by Mr. Clark; was an olographic will; was in Mr. Clark's handwriting; that in it he acknowledged the said Myra as his legitimate daughter, and bequeathed all his estate to her, gave an annuity to his mother, and legacies for some friends.
"The mother of Myra Clark was a lady of the Carriere family; not being present at any marriage, I can.only declare it my
belief that Mr. Clark was her husband. It was represented to me

* A notary.

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

Statement of the case.

that this lady married Mr. Des Granges in good faith, but it was found out some time afterwards that le already had a living wife, when the lady separated from him. Mr. Clark, some time after this, married her at the North; when the time arrived for it to be made public, interested persons had produced a false state of things between them; and this lady, living in Philadelphia, and Mr. Clark not there, was persuaded by a lawyer employed, that her marriage with Mr. Clark was invalid, which believing, she married Monsieur Gardette. lie frequently lamented to me that this barrier had been made, but that she was blameless. ie said he would never give Myra a stepmother. ie spoke to me of his daughter Myra from the first as legitimate; and when he made known to me that he was making his last will, he said to me he should declare her in it as his legitimate daughter. From the above I believe there was a marriage. The said Myra is the only child Mr. Clark ever acknowledged to me as his.
"From the time of said Myra's birth Mr. Clark treated me as a confidential friend, in matters relating to her and to his affairs generally."

The testimony of Belleehasse, in effect, was thus:
"Clark carried me with him on divers occasions to see Myra, and in my presence he manifested for her the most ardent love. He always gave me to understand, as well by reason of his extraordinary affection for said Myra, as by his positive declaration to that effect, that she would be the heiress of his fortune. In 1811, when he was about to make a visit to the North, in a formal act or deed of sale before a notary public, he conveyed to me some lots, perhaps fifty, as if I had paid the due price for them, when in truth nothing had been paid, for the sale was made with or under the confidential understanding that I should hold them for the sole use and benefit of said Myra, in the event of his death before his return. On his return I wished to reconvey them to him, but Clark would not allow me to do so, wishing, as I suppose, to give another proof of his confidence in my honor and rectitude, particularly as he, Clark, never wished to receive any written acknowledgment of the confidential nature of the sale. In 1813 he told me he was thinking of reducing to order his affairs, and of making his last will, so as

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ci;.

not to leave any longer exposed to risk the standing and fortune of his child, and that he wished me to consent to become one of his executors; I did so consent. He spoke of Judge Pitot and Chevalier de la Croix as persons whom he contemplated to have associated with him. He spoke with much reflection and deliberation of his being occupied in preparing his last will. On these occasions he spoke in the most impressive and emphatic manner of Myra as the object of his last will, and that he should in it declare her to be his legitimate child and heiress of all his estate, and he accordingly so made his last will. A very short time before the sickness that ended in his death, he conversed with us about her in the paternal and affectionate terms as theretofore; told us that he had completed and finished his last will. He thereupon took from a small black case his said last will, and gave it open to me and Judge Pitot to look at and examine. It was wholly written, dated, and signed, in his own handwriting. Pitot, De la Croix, and myself, were the executors. In it Myra was declared to be his legitimate daughter, and the heiress of all his estate. Some short time afterwards I called to see him, and learned from - that he was sick in bed, too sick to be seen by me; however, indignant at an attempt to prevent me from seeing my friend, I pressed forward into his room. He took me by the hand, and with affectionate reprehension said, 'How is it, Bellechasse, that you have not come to see me before since my sickness? I told - to send for you.' iy answer was that I had received no message or account whatever of his sickness. I said further: 'ly friend, you know that on various occasions I have been your physician, and on this occasion I wish to be again.' Re looked at me and squeezed my hand. Fearful of oppressing him I retired, and told - that I would remain to attend occasionally to Clark. - said there was no occasion for it; that the doctor or doctors had ordered that he should be kept as quiet as possible. On -'s promising to send for me if there should appear to be any danger, I departed. On the next day, without receiving any message, I went and found Clark dead. I continued my way till I reached Pitot's, whom I found much affected by the death of Clark, and very indignant at the conduct of -, as well for having always prevented the assistance of Clark's friends, as for not having informed them (particularly him, Pitot, who lived near Clark), of his approaching dissolution, that by their presence the fraud-

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES 1'. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

ulent suppression of the last will of Clark might have been prevented. ' What!' I said, ' has Clark's last will disappeared?' ' Yes, my friend; it was not in the case in which he had placed it, and the succinct and provisional will of a dozen lines, which he previously made when about sailing for the North, and which he delivered to Relif, has been brought forward.'
"To fill my sacred duty towards Clark and his daughter, I wrote and sent her, many years befbre I saw her in Matanzas, in 1833, two letters, to Philadelphia. In these letters I informed her of' the confidential trust held by me for her from her father, and of the fraudulent suppression of her father's last wil, made in her favor; but neither of these letters, although sent by a safe conveyance, got into her hands, as she assured me afterwards in Matanzas. In that place I spoke at length with her and her husband of her rights, and of the cruel suppression of those rights. Since that time I have never seen them. On some occasions I wrote to them again, always assuring them of my friendly and almost paternal feelings towards the child of my old friend. I never heard Clark speak of having any other child besides the said Myra; I never heard him say that she was a natural child; I never heard him speak of any stain upon her, or her birth, but on the contrary he styled her in his will of 1813 his legitimate daughter; he told me that she was his only child.
"The last will of Clark, viz., his will of 1813, was legal in form. Few men were equal to Clark in talents and intelligence. He was well instructed in the principal matters that appertain to a gentleman and the proprietor of vast possessions; and the future happiness, fortune, and standing of his child were the objects dearest to his heart, and he satisfied himself that there was no obstacle to his bestowing his fortune upon her. Pitot, the j'udge of the Court of Probates at New Orleans, was one of the executors in Clark's last will, viz., that of 1813. He examined it after it was finished, and he should have known whether it was legal in form and in its provisions. Few lawyers in Louisiana were better acquainted with the laws than Clark; and had he not been. he numbered among his intimate friends some of the ablest lawyers of that State, and he was the last man to neglect any means necessary to accomplish an object which he was so intent upon."

GAINES e. NEW ORLEANS.

[S up. Ct

Statement of the case.

Dusuau de la Croix, already mentioned as having, in 1813, caused the notaries of New Orleans to be summoned to see if no will of 1813 existed, now, A. D. 1834, testified in substance, thus:
That he was very intimate with Clark, for a great many years, and up to the time of his death; that some few months previous to this event, Clark visited him, and expressed a wish that he, the deponent, should become his executor. In this conversation Clark spoke of a young female, named Mtyra; he expressed a wish that the deponent should become tutor to this female, and that she should be sent to France for her education, and said that he, Clark, would leave her a sufficient fortune to do away with the stain of her birth; that a month or two after this, the deponent called to see Clark at his house, and found him in his cabinet; he had just sealed up a packet. The superscription on it was as follows: "To be opened in case of death." Clark threw it down in the presence of deponent, and told him that it contained his last will, and some other papers which would be of service. The deponent did not see the will, nor does he know anything about its contents; he only saw the package with the superscription on it.*
In this conversation Clark observed that he had named R. Relf and B. Chew as his executors in a former will.
On this and other evidence of its specific contents, the will thus lost or destroyed and sworn to, was finally, on
the 18th of Febr'uary, 1856, received by the Supreme Court of Louisiana as the last will of Daniel Clark; reserving to lRelf (the surviving executor of the former one) the right, "if he have any, to oppose the will in any manner allowed
* This testimony of De ]a Croix is commented on by the court, infra,Gaines v. De la Croix, p. 721, and in so far as it goes to militate against the will of 1813, discredited. It seemed that when the notaries answered that no will of Clark was in their possession, De la Croix, assuming that none existed, or could be proved, made purchases of slaves from Relf, acting executor of the will of 1811. Suit was now brought against him for their value. fHe thus had a direct interest to support the will of 1811, as against that of 1813. What he said in favor of the existence of the will of 1813 was an admission against himself; while his declaration that he knew nothing of its contents was not allowed to impair the value of the testimony of other witnesses who swore to their nature.

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

by law as fully as he could have done had he not been a party to these proceedings."
The will now established contained these clauses:
"I do hereby acknowledge that my beloved Myra, who is now living in the family of Samuel B. Davis, is my legitimate and only daughter; and that I leave and bequeath unto her, the said Myra, all the estate, whether real or personal, of which I may die possessed, subject only to the payment of certain legacies hereinafter named."

"I further give and bequeath an annuity of five hundred dollars to Caroline Des Granges, until she arrives at the age of majority; after which, I give and bequeath her a legacy of five thousand dollars."
But the establishment of this will did not end the matter. By the law of Louisiana, it is not allo~ced to a testator to make devises to his adulterine bastard. The question of a marriage ceremony performed between Clark and Zulime became, therefore, a matter of primary importance. Had any marriage ceremony been performed between them before the birth of Myra? There were evidences on both sides.
I. AGAINST such a conclusion were supposed to be:
1. The fact, in coninection with Clark's special character, of the different social positions and reputation of the parties; the fact that the first child was, in reality, illegitimate, and was known to be so at least by Mr. Coxe; and that in New Orleans, a place, at this time, of a few thousand inhabitants, and where he was himself the most conspicuous and best known person in it-a leader of party there-he was looked upon by the community generally to be an unmarried man.
Thus one witness-Cavillier, a merchant in New Orleansafter stating that he"was long and intimately acquainted with Clark, said:
"I never knew him as a married man; I never heard of his being married; I always knew him as a bachelor. .. . LTe was

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case*

[Sup, Ct.

considered as the lover of Mrs. Des Granges; was considered an honest man, a man of good reputation. It is for that very reason that I think he was never married to that woman, because he well knew her conduct, and was himself a man of delicacy of feeling."

So Julien Domiogon, another witness:
"I am sixty-one years of age. I have lived in New Orleans forty-five years. I knew Clark as well as ayoungman of fifteen years and some months could know a man of about forty years. I first knew him in 1804. I always thought he was a single man. He was much before the public in those days; his character was much discussed in the public papers. It was never rumored or said, in public, that he was married. He had the reputation of having several mistresses. I do not recollect that at that time Madame Des Granges was reputed to be his mistress."
Mr. W. W. Montgomery: "He -was always considered a bachelor by his friends and acquaintances in general. I never heard him spoken of in New Orleans as a married man during his lifetime. He was a highminded, honorable man. I do not believe that he was capable of addressing a-young lady with a view to marriage if, at the same time, he had been, in truth, a married man. He had too much honor."
J. Courcelle said:
"Clark was never married, so far as I know. I have said that he was never married, because the population was so small that we knew everything that took place. 1 knew Madame Des Granges. I have been in certain eiircles where her reputation was spoken of lightly; but I cannot give any positive testimony about it. She was very coquette et legere."

Mr'. Charles Harrod:
"I have always heard him speak of hiniself as a bachelor, and w' frequently joked with him about a lady in Baltimore, whom we supposed he was going to marry. Frequently, when dining together, we conversed on such subjects, and the course of conversrtibn was that of bachelors; it led me always to believe he

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

was a bachelor. I think he was considered a bachelor by the community of New Orleans."

E. Carraby:
"Clark and Madame Des Granges lived together in an illicit connection. I mean, this was the general report. Her reputation was known enough not to have been misunderstood by Clark. Mr. Clark was a too high-minded man to contract mar riage with his paramour."

Mrs. Julia Wood:
"I lived in Mr. Relf's house when Clark lived there also. My conviction on this subject results from my intimate knowledge of him; and I know that he was not married as certainly as I know any other negative fact. I ought to add, that his peculiar tone and style of character was such that he would have been one of the very last men on earth to marry clandestinely, or to marry any woman whose social position was not in all respects equal to his own, or whose personal character was not of the highest order."

P. J. Tricou: "She was considered as the amante of Clark."

J. B. Dejan:
"Was well acquainted with Clark from 1797 up to the time of his death in 1813. He stood high in the opinion of all the respectable families of New Orleans. H1e was a single man. I never heard from any person, up to the time of his death, that he was a married man."

Jean Canon:
"Knew Clark intimately. He never told me he was married. I aiways forbore questioning him about Madame Des Granges. Their connection was kept very secret. Clark kept such things concealed as much as possible; as he had several such connections, and it would have given him trouble had his particular fbinale" friends known them. Whenever he spoke of her, he spoke of her as a beautiful woman, and deservedly, for she really was a beautiful woman. When Clark saw a pretty woman he fell in love with her."

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

ESup. Ct.

Mr. ilulings, an intimate acquaintance: "I firmly believe Clark was never married."
WNrs. ttulings :
"It was as perfectly understood that Mr. Clark was an unmarried man as that Ilelf and Chew were married men."

D. W. Coxe, the partner of Clark:
"My personal relations with Daniel Clark, in the years 1802 and 1803, were of the most intimate and confidential character. I do not believe it possible that Daniel Clark, standing in the business and personal relationship of unlimited cordial confidence which he did to me, would have been married in the city of Philadelphia, or anywhere else'where I was, at the time mentioned in the interrogatory, without his informing me of it, and inviting me to the wedding. Such a thing is, of course, possible, but I can imagine few events in life less probable."

Coxe further testified, that when Zulime was in Phila-

delphia, just before her marriage with Mr. Gardette, she told him "she had heard that Mr; Clark was going to be married to Miss - , of Baltimore, which she complained

was a violation of his promise to marry her." 2. In all of the public and notarial acts signed by Daniel

Clark, he represented himself as a. single man. 3. His relations regarded him as unmarried.

Thus his

mother in her will so speaks of him; and on the representations of Mr. Coxe and others that they were so, makes pro-

vision for both his "natural" children. 4. He declared himself (a) by words and (b) conduct, un-

married.

(a) In 1806 his sister writes to him in regard to a "toilet"

which he had bought in London:

iavEnroOL, MIay 3d, 1806. MY DEAR BROTHER:
I scarcely know whether you will be obliged to ne,'or not, for the share I had in fitting up your truly elegant toilet, but the idea of its being intended for Mrs. D. Clark got strong possession of my mind, and so much do I wish to see one bear

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES v. N EW ORLE I.NS. Statement of the case.

that name worthy of you, that nothing in my opinion would be too good to trust in it. I cannot think how the plan of such a thing could enter into your head, for I assure you it has been exhibited in London as a masterpiece of elegance and fashion. Do pray write soon to me; you cannot think how uneasy I made myself when I heard you went to Vera Cruz. Why will you be forever toiling? Surely you should now sit down and enjoy life. Let me know if my suspicions are right about the destination of the toilet. If they are, may you be as happy in your choice as your affectionate sister,
JANE GREEN.
DANIEL CLARC, ESQ., New Orleans.

Clark replies to her:

NEW ORLEANS, 14tb October, 1806.

MY DEAR SISTER: I have received your letter of the 3d May, and thank you
kindly for the pains you took in filling the toilet. I assure
you that it would have given me infinite pleasure to have offered it either to Mrs. Clark, or any person likely to become Mrs. Clark; but this will not be the case for some time to come, for as long as I have the misfortune to be hampered with business, so long Will I remain single for fear of misfortune or accident.
DANIEL CLARK.

(b) He addressed other ladies. The matter has been already

spoken of in regard to Miss -, in the year 1808. So it

was testified by a female witness, that Clark "paid his ad-

dresses and was engaged to Madame -

(sister of the wit-

ness), up to the time of his death; that the courtship began

about a year before Clark's death; that the engagement took

place about eight months before; that the marriage was

delayed, from causes which the wtness did 'not particularly

understand, from time to time, and was to have been cele-

brated within about two months, when it was put an end to

by the death of Clark. The witness stated that she had

never heard any cause assigned why the marriage was not

celebrated immediately after the engagement; that her sister

had been divorced; and, finally, in 1815, and after Clark's.

VOL. V1.

43

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

[Sup. ot.

Statement of the case.

death, thnt she was reunited by civil contract to the same
man from whom she had been separated." 5. lHe suffered another man to possess Zulime as a wife. On the matters presented in these two last heads, Mr. Coxe
said on cross-examination:
"Daniel Clark was a high-tempered and chivalrous man, and his disposition was quick and impetuous. I have known no man who would have more promptly resented an imputation against his honor or integrity. I can express most decided belief that he would not have submitted to the indignity of allowing a man to take from him his wife, if he had any, and appropriating her to himself.
"I can express, also, a decided opinion upon the other point inquired of and it is this: That I am perfectly sure, that if Daniel Clark had been in truth a married man (whether that marriage had been public or private), and his wife still living, he would never have held himself out to the community and the social circles in which he moved, directly or indirectly, as an unmarried man. I am equally sure, that in the case supposed he would never have approached a lady with overtures of marriage, nor would he have announced to his friend an intention of addressing a young lady with a view to marriage. There ought to have been no doubt upon the mind of any man who knew anything of Daniel Clark on this subject, that he would neither have been guilty, or even conceived, of acts so atrocious."

6. So it appeared that on the 30th N~ovember, 1805, Zulime, by her attorney, one "Eligius Fromentin," reciting "An act concerning alimony," &c., and that it was provided in it "that the county court shall have jurisdiction on applications from wives against their husbands for alimony on their husbands deserting his wife for one year successively, and in cases of cruel, inhuman, and barbarous treatment," and that she had been so treated "by Jerome Des Granges her husband," and "likewise deserted by him for three years past, to wit, from the second day of September, 1802, even unto this day, although she has been told that the said Jerome Des Granges returned from France to New Orleans some time in the course )f last month, and is now in the city of 'ew Or-

De< . 1867.]

GAINES V. NEw ORLEANS.

Statement of the case.

leans," petitioned the county court of New Orleans to condemn the said Des Granges "your petitioner's husband," to pay her alimony for her support, at the rate of $500 per annum. To this petition Des Granges never appeared, and judgment went against him by default.
7. So too it appeared that in June, 1817, application was made in behalf of the child, by the law firm of Davis & Pierce there,-Davis being a son of Co]. Davis,-to the District Court of New Orleans, for alimony. The petition was entitled, "Myra Clark and her curator ad litem, S. B. Davis, v. B. Chew and R. Relf, executors of Daniel Clark, deceased," and sets forth that Myra Clark, 13 years of age, was "the naturaldaughterof Daniel Clark," acknowledged by him as such, and entitled to "alimony," from his estate. It further stated that "the petitioner had heard that some instrument was executed by her said father making some provision for her, and concluded with a prayer that the executors produce all papers relating to her," &c. This petition was-withdrawn soon after being filed, in consequence, as it seemed, of an assurance from either Mr. Relf or Mr. Chew "that they would do all that was right if they could have a little time and that it was not worth while to have a suit about it."
8. Mr. Coxe stated that some years before the one when he was now speaking (1849), having heard much of the will of 1813, and also that the late Stephen Mazureau, then a distinguished lawyer of New Orleans, was cognizant of certain matters connected therewith, and having in February, 1842, conversed with Mr. Mazureau ov the subject, and being, as he testified, desirous not to rely on his own recollections of what lazureau said, he had addressed Mazureau a letter,
and that Aazureau's reply-which was annexed to Coxe's deposition-was as follows:

NEW ORLEANS, May 1st, 1842.
Sia: In the conversation with you in February last, I mentioned, in reply to your inquiries, that the late Daniel Clark once consulted me and the late Edward Livingston, Esq.,-not "to aseertain whether he could make some provision by will for

676

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

[Sap. Ct.

Statement of the case.

Myra, his supposed illegitimate daughter,"-but whether a certain will, of which he showed m'e a rough sketcl, would be valid in law in this then Territory. The will thus intended to be made, stated Myra to be his natural child, and instituted her his universal heir, leaving to his own mother an annual rent of, I believe, $3000. U~pon asking Mr. Clark what the name of the girl's mother was, he answered me: "You know the lady, it is Madame Des Granges." "But that woman was married, and Des Granges was alive when the girl was born. I recollect having heard a great deal of talk about it at the time, but never heard your name mentioned as connected with that love affair." "Yes," said Clark, "she was married, I know; and what matters it? The ruffian (who kept a confectionery-shop here) had deceived that pretty woman; he was married when he courted her and became her husband, and, as it was reported, he ran away afterwards from fear of being prosecuted. So, you see, this marriage was null." "That may be, but, until so declared by a competent tribunal, the marriage exists, and the child is of such a class of bastards* as not to be capable by our laws of receiving by will, from her supposed father, anything beyond what may be necessary for her sustenance and education. Such are the positive provisions of our code. The Spanish laws were somewhat more favorable. They permitted the father to leave
to such a child one-fifth of the whole of his estate, bat our code has restricted that to mere alimony."
I showed Clark both our codes and the Spanish laws, and, though apparently disappointed, he expressed his satisfaction that he could not'make the will he intended to make. I went further, and showed him the girl could not be legitimated or even acknowledged as his child, by subsequent marriage or otherwise. I showed him, also, that if his mother survived him, she was his forced heir, and that in supposing that he could leave to the child anything beyond what is necessary for her sustenance, it could not be of the value of more than one-third of his estate, as his mother was entitled to take and receive twothirds clear of all charges or dispositions.
"What shall I do, thbn ?" asked M1r. Clark. "Sir, if you have Friends in whom you can place your confidence-you probally

* An adulterous bastard.

.Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

Statement of the case.

have some-convey them secretly some of your property, or

give them money for the use of the child, to be given to her by

them when she becomes of age." "That I'll do," said Clark,

and we separated.

I heard afterwards from him, and from Mr. Bellechasse, that

he, Clark, had done what he told me he would do.

*

*

*

*

*

*

*

As this is written in haste, I would not like it to meet the eye

of the public, though every particle of it is most substantially

true.

I remain, with great respect, sir, Your obedient servant,

MAZUREAU

D. W. CoxE.

Mr. Mlazureau had not apparently been called as a witness to prove the facts stated in his letter.
9. If any marriage had been solemnized, it was at Philadelphia, and as primarily testified by the only witness who swore to being at it, in the year 1803, though in one deposition she said it was perhaps in 1802. None other was set up. Yet it seemed that in 1803 Clark had not been in Philadelphia; and that be was there in 1802 only at and near the time when he had sent Zulime to be delivered of Caroline, a circumstance, which, as the reader will, perhaps, see hereafter, the testimony to prove the marriage appeared rather to separate from the date of that event.
On the subject of Clark's presence in that city, in the years 1802 and 1803, the testimony was thus:
A letter from Clarke to Chew & Relf,dated Philadelphia, 18th February, 1802, said:
"I returned three or four days from Washington, where I had an opportunity of seeing the President and officers of government,by whom I was well received. . . . It has been hinted to me that a great deal is expected from my services."
How long he had staid at Washington, except by the expressions quoted, did not appear; nor when he first arrived in Philadelphia before going to Washington.
Mr. Coxe-having stated that Clark had sent Madame

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ct.

Des Granges to him in an advanced state of pregnancy, and that she had been delivered under his care, as Clark's friend -testified, at different times, to this effect:

Clark arrived in Philadelphia within a very short time after the birth of Carolin , which was, I believe, in April, 1802. 1 then received from him the expression of his wishes in reference to the child. At this time he left with me a power of attorney, which is annexed, and to which I refer.* Immediately thereafter he left for New Orleans, and arrived in Philadelphia again, in a vessel from New Orleans, during the last days of July, 1802. He was at Wilmington, below this city, on the 22d of July, 1802, 'as will be seen by his annexed letter to me of that date.t He had pressing business of great magnitude, which occupied his entire time during his stay in Philadelphia. My impression is that I saw him every day during his stay in Philadelphia. On his arrival in Philadelphia he commenced making preparations for an immediate departure for Europe, on business of importance; and left the city in a few days for New York, from whence he sailed for Europe in a very short time; I am quite certain, previous to the middle of August, 1802.4 He remained in Europe until, I think, the latter days of November, 1802, at which time he sailed directly from" Europe to New Orleans, where he arrived, as I understood, in the last days of February, 1803; the vessel having put into Kingston, Jamaica, from some cause, which caused her to make a longer passage. He was not in Philadelphia at any time during the year 1803, to my knowledge; and I believe

* This power, executed by Clark at Philadelphia, was dated 22d April,
1802. It had no reference to the child. j- This document was annexed to testimony taken in the case. A letter
of Clark, dated ,1Plaquemines, Sunday, 27th June, 1802," speaks of himself
as hoping "to-morrow to get to sea." I An original letter from Coxe to lelf & Chew, dated August 6th, 1802,
produced, said:
"1Mr. Clark wrote you very fully per mail some days since; since when he has come up to Germantown, and to-morrow sets out for New York, there to embark fo: England."
A letter from Clark to them, New York, 17th August, 1802, mentions his being about to sail "to - morrow."
In an original letter from Clark, in Liverpool, dated 7th October, 180% he speaks of himself as having been there three days.

J)ec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

679

Statement of the case.

if he had been I would have known it. It could scarcely have been otherwise. As to the time of his arrival in New Orleans, I refer to the letter annexed.* . . . The occasion of his visit to Europe was urgent business connected with our commercial transactions, making it necessary that he should arrange certain business matters with our mercantile friends in that country, rendering it necessary for us to know the existing and probable future political state of England and the continent generally.

Coxe, as already mentioned, testified that he knew nothing whatever about any marriage, and wholly disbelieved that any had ever taken place.t

H. ON THE OTHER HAND were various te timonies relied on to prove a marriage; as-
1. The acknowledgment and declaration, testamentary and oral, of the child's legitimacy, already mentioned in the history of the will of 1813.
2. Positive testimony given in 1849, by one witness, Madame Sophie Despau, the sister of Zulime, to the fact of marriage. The testimony ran thus:
"I do know that Daniel Clark was married. lHe was married in Philadelphia, by a Catholic priest, to my sister Zulime. I was present at this marriage. This, to the best of my recollection, was in the year 1803; although there are some associations in my memory which make me think it not improbable

* This letter, dated 31st January, 1807, was one from Clark to Coxe,
giving an account of a particular transaction, and in which he says: 'WWhen I returned from Europe, in the beginning of the year 1803, . . . the French making immediate preparations to take possession of Louisiana," &e. Other letters were produced, two addressed to him at New Orleans, April 18th, and 'May 27th, 1803; others from himself, dated New Orleans, 8th June, 13th July, 21st July, 18th August, 6th October, 1803, showing Clark's presence there then, and others from Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Madison to him during the same year; the last dated 31st October, 1803. This last letter pointed plainly to the critical condition of things at that time in Louisiana, and to the reliance had on Clark by the Federal government, in case of "a coup denmain." There were also letters to Clark at New Orleans from Coxe, dated November 18th, and December 23d, 1803.
f See his testimony, supra, p. 672.

GAiNES V. NEW ORLEANS.
Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ct,

that the marriage may have taken place in the year 1802.* My impression, however, is, that the marriage took place in 1803. It was, I remember, a short while previous to Mr. Clark's going to Europe.t There was one child, and to the best of my knowledge and belief, only one child, born of this marriage, to wit, Myra. The circumstances attending the said marriage, were these: Zulime had previously been married to a man named Des Granges, with whom she lived several years, until she heard that he had another living wife at the time of his marriage with her. This information, confirmed by the subsequent admissions of Des Granges himself, led to a separation, when Zulime returned to her family. These circumstances were known to the public. While thus residing with her family, Mr. Clark made proposals of marriage with her. These proposals were made with the full knowledge of all the family. But it was consid-
ered essential, before any marriage could take place, that record proof of the invalidity of her marriage with Des Granges should be first obtained. *To obtain this proof from the records of the Catholic church in New York, where Des Granges' prior marriage was celebrated, my sister and myself embarked for that city. It was agreed and understood that Mr. Clark should follow after us. On our arrival in New York, we learned that the registry of marriages of which we were in search had, in some way, been destroyed. Mr. Clark arrived after us. We were told that a Mr. Gardette, then living in Philadelphia, was one of the witnesses to Des Granges' prior marriage. We proceeded to Philadelphia, and found Mr. Gardette, who told us that he was present at said prior marriage of Des Granges; that he afterwards knew Des Granges and his wife by this marriage; and that this wife had gone to France. Mr. Clark then said to
my sister, 'You have no longer any reason to refuse being married to me. It will, however, be necessary to keep our marriage secret until I have obtained judicial proof of the nullity of your

. * The year of the alleged marriage as given in the text, is that given by
Madame Despau, in a deposition of 1849. In a deposition taken in 1845, now offered by the defendants to contradict and discredit her, and, in connection with a deposition of her sister, who stated that same year (while both stated that they had personal knowledgeof Caroline's birth and Madame Despau that she was born in 1801), to show conspiracy between the two sis. ters, she stated that the marriage was "1in 1803."
t For the date of this voyage, see supra, p. 678, and notes.

Dec. 1867.]

DGecA. I8N6E7S.] v. NEW ORLEANS.
Statement of the case.

marriage with Des Granges?' They, the said Zulime and the said Clark, were then married. Soon afterwards, our sister, Madame Caillavet, wrote to us from New Orleans, that Des Granges' former wife (the one he had at the time of marrying with Zulime) had arrived at New Orleans. We hastened our return to New Orleans, where Des Granges was prosecuted for bigamy.* Father Antoine, of the Catholic church in New Orleans, took part in the proceedings against him. Mr. Des Granges was condemned for bigamy in marrying the said Zulime, and was cast into prison, from whence he secretly escaped by connivance of the governor, as it was understood, and was taken down the Mississippi fRiver by 11r. Le Brenton D'Orgenois, where he got to a vessel and escaped from the country. This happened not a great while before the cessation of the Spanish government in Louisiana. Mr. Clark told us that before he could promulgate his marriage with my sister, it would be necessary that there should be brought by her an action against the name of Des Granges. The change of government, which took place about that time, created delay; but at length, in 1806, Messrs. Brown and Fromentin, as the counsel of my sister, brought suit against Des Granges, in, I think, the City Court of New Orleans. The grounds of said suit were, that Des Granges had imposed himself upon her in marriage at a time when he had a lawful living wife. Judgment in said suit was rendered against Des Granges. But Mr. Clark still continued to defer promulgating his marriage with my sister, which very much fretted and irritated her feelings. While he was in Congress, my sister heard that he was courting Miss - - , of Baltimore. She was distressed, though she could not believe the report, knowing her.

* In the deposition of 1845, Madame Caillavet said thus: "The circumstances of her marriage with Daniel Clark were these: Several years after her marriage with Mr. Des Granges, she heard that he had a living wife. Our family charged him with the crime of bigamy in marrying the said Zulime. He at fir.t denied it, but afterwards admitted it, and fled from the country. These circumstances became public, and Mr. Clark made proposals of marriage to my sister, with the knowledge of all our family. It was considered essential first to obtain record proof of Des Granges having a living wife at the time he married my sister; to obtain which, from the records of the Catholic church in New York, we sailed for that city." [She then describes the visit to New York and Philadelphia, and marriage there as in the text.] "Soon afterwards our sister, Madame Caillavet, wrote to us from New Orleans that Des Granges' wife, whom he had mar. ried prior to marrying the said Zulime, had arrived at New Orleans. We hastened , r r turn to New Orleans. He was prosecuted for bigamy," &c.

GAINES V. N]EW ORLEANS.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

self to be his wife. Still, his strange conduct in deferring to

promulgate his marriage with her had alarmed her, and she and

I sailed to Philadelphia to get the proof of his marriage with

my sister. We could find no record of the marriage, and were told that the priest who married her and Mr. Clark was gone

to Ireland. My sister then sent for Mr. D. W. Coxe and mentioned to him the rumor above stated. He answered that he

knew it to be true that Mr. Clark was engaged to the lady in

question. My sister replied that it could not be so. lHe then

told her that she would not be able to establish her marriage with Mr. Clark, if he were disposed to contest it. He advised

her to take the advice of legal counsel, and said he would send

one. A Mr. Smith came, and, after telling my sister that she

could not legally establish her marriage with Mr. Clark, pre-

tended to read to her a letter in English (a language then un-

known to my sister), from Mr. Clark to Mr. Coxe, stating that

be was about to marry Miss -.

The marriage between Mr.

Clark and my sister was a private one. Besides myself, there was present at the marriage a Mr. Dorsier, of Now Orleans, an

Irish gentleman, a friend of Mr. Clark's, from New York, whose

name I do not recollect. Mr. Clark told me in his lifetime that

he had informed Colonel Davis, Mr. Coxe, and Mr. Relf, of this

marriage. It was known only to a few friends. By the mar-

riage of my sister with Mr. Des Granges there was born two

children, a boy and a girl. The boy died. The girl lived, and

was named Caroline.* She afterwards married a physician

named Barnes. She was born in the year 1801. The marriage

was privately celebrated at a house in Philadelphia, rented by

Mr. Clark for my sister, but I am unable to remember the

name of tho street on which it was situated, or of the priest

who officiated. The great lapse of time which has taken place

since these events, renders it impossible for me to answer with

the precision the question demands. As well as I can remem-

ber, it was in one of the early months of spring, in 1802 or 1803.

* In another deposition, this witness, after stating that Caroline was Des
Granges' child, testified about her thus:
"Since the drath of Mr. Clark, Mr. D. W. Coxe and Mr. Hulings, of Philadelphia, gave her the name of Caroline Clark, and took her to Mr. Clark's mother, and introduced her as the daughter of lier son. She, of course, believed their story, which induced her, in her will, to leave a portion of her property to Caroline. Caroline was born in 1801. I was present at her birth.'

Dec. 18,37.]

GAINES v. NEW ORLEANS.

683

Statement of the case.

Mr. Clark was several weeks in Philadelphia before the marriage. I did not know, or cannot now remember, where he lived during that time. We stopped first at a boarding-house kept by an American lady, I think a widow, whose name I cannot remember. We were in Philadelphia but a short time previous to the marriage. My sister was about nineteen or twenty years old at the time of her marriage with Mr. Clark. After the marriage we resided together in the house provided for my sister, as I have already stated.
"I have stated fully my recollection of all that concerns the marriage. Not a great while after the marriage, Mr. Clark &,t out for Europe. Soon after his departure, in consequence of information received from our sister, Madame Caillavet, at New Orleans, in regard to the arrival there of the first wife of Des Granges, we set out for that city. We arrived there, I ti.ink, in the summer. I do not remember the precise time of Mr. Clark's arrival there, but it was afterwards. It is impossible for me to recollect with certainty the precise time occupied by each one of so many events that happened so many years ago.
"Mr. Clark furnished my sister with a handsome house in
New Orleans, in which she and I resided together, and where he frequently visited my sister, taking his tea with us almost every evening. This house was situated on a corner, and, I think, near what was then called the Bayou Road; but I cannot recall the name of the street, or fix with certainty the precise locality.
"Mr. Clark enjoyed throughout Louisiana, as far as my knowledge extended, the character of a highly honorable man. He had great pride of character, and was as quick to resent and punish any personal indignity as any man I have known. I have always believed that his feelings and purposes towards my sister were sincere and honorable, and that he would have proven this by giving her her true position before the world as his lawful wife, if it had not been for the unfortunate state of feeling that was produced between them. I do not believe he was a man to impose designedly upon any one, or to suffer it to be done where he was concerned. What would have been his course in the matter if he had been apprised of the contemplated marriage between-her and Gardette, it is impossible for me to
say. M y sister has told me, that in an interview had with him il Philadelphia, after the marriage with Mr. Gardette, he ex-

GAINES V. 'EW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ot

pressed the deepest regret that that barrier had been placed betwen them; stating that he had become thoroughly satisfied that things he had heard in regard to her, and which had influenced him to postpone the promulgation of his marriage with her, were calumnies; that he acquitted her of all blame; and that but for the marriage with. Gardette, he would then have claimed and recognized her before the world as his wife.
"It was the misfortune of my sister, only a girl of thirteen, to be deceived in her first marriage with ir. Des Granges, who, as I before stated, was a married man at the time he married my sister. Being satisfied that she had been imposed upon by Mr. Des Granges, and was no longer Lis wife, she married Mr. Clark. H~ad it not been for the interested wickedness of Mr. Coxe, in assuring her, and employing counsel to aid him in misrepresenting to her, that her marriage with Mr. Clark was illegal, she never would have married Mr. Gardette. It was the misfortune of my sister to have been deceived by those whose duty it was to protect her, and it is my firm belief, that neither in the eye of God nor highly honorable men or women, will she be condemned; but, on the contrary, be pitied for her. unprecedented afflictiofis."

3. To the same general purpose was the testimony of another sister, Madame Rose Caillavet, taken in 1849, at the age of 83:
"1 was not present at the marriage of my sister-with Mr Clark; but it is within my knowledge, both from information derived from my sisters at the time, and from the statements of Mr. Clark, made to me during his lifetime, that a marriage was solemnized between them. It is to my personal knowledge that Mr. Clark, about the year 1802 or 3, made proposals of marriage with my sister Zulime, with the knowledge of all our family. They were discussed, and the preliminaries of the marriage arranged by my husband, in his house, in my presence. But my sister, having been previously married to one Des Granges, who was found to have had a lawful wife living at the time of his marriage with her, the marriage of Mr. Clark could not take place until proofs of the invalidity of her marriage with- Des Granges were obtained. To procure these proofs from public records, my sisters, Zulime and Madame Despau, went to the

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

685

Statement of the case.

north of the United States, where Des Granges' prior marriage was said to have taken place. While there, my sister Zulime wrote to me that she and Mr. Clark were married.* I have always understood that the marriage between my sister and Mr. Clark was a private one, and that it was not promulgated by Mr. Clark in his lifetime, unless he did so in a last will made a short time previous to his death. Mr. Clark stated to me frequently that Myra was his lawful and only child.
"Some years after my sister's marriage with Mr. Des Granges, it became known in New Orleans that he had a prior wife living. My sister immediately separated herself from him, and came to reside with her family. At a later period, Mr. Des Granges was prosecuted, found guilty of bigamy in having married my sister Zulime, and cast into prison. I did not know the first wife of Des Granges, but it is within my knowledge that she came to New Orleans, and while there fully established her pretensions as his lawful wife."

* This deposition of Madame Caillavet was taken, as above said, in 1849.
In it the witness said that she desired to state as she now did, under the
solemnities of her oath, that a certain deposition of hers taken in 1835 was, as it had been translated to her from the English copy filed, in very material parts a garbled and mistranslated statement of what she had really said. She had mentioned in this deposition that while Zulime and Madame Despau were at Philadelphia, "1DesGranges returned from France, and at the same
time or a very short time after his first wife made her appearance." The deposition proceeded; the italicized part being the part which she stated was
a misconception of what she had said:
" Upon this, witness immediately apprised her sister of this fact, and she returned immediately to -New Orleans. On the arrival of the said first wife of Des Granges, she complained to the governor, who caused Des Granges to be arrested-(it was under the Spanish government); after some time, he obtained bi., release, and left the country. Before his departure, he confessed that he had previously married. Witness under.,tood afterwrardsfrom her sister, by letters which she received from her secretly, that she was married with Mr. Daniel Clark. The preliminaries of the contemplated marriage were settled-by the husband of witness, at his house, in the year 1802 or 1803, in the presence of witness.
"Cross-examination: When her&s-terwrote to her about her mary7iagewith Daniel Clark, she informed her afterwards that she had had a child (a daughter) by that marriage, who, she understood, was called 1M1yra."
The witness, in making the correction, stated that " the infermation of witness, so far as derived from heir sister in reg.rd to the said marriage with Daniel Clark, was derived at the time the event took place."

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ct.

The same witness, examined in 1845, said:
"1Mr. Clark's marriage -with my sister Zulime was after the detection of Des Granges' bigamy. The birth of their daughter, Myra Clark, was some years after the marriage. I was not present at the marriage of my sister with Mr. Clark. I believe they were married, because my sister wrote me from Philadelphia that she was married to Mr. Clark; Mr. Clark also told me the same on his arrival at New Orleans.. They were married at Philadelphia. Not being in that city at the time, I am unable to answer the numerous questions on that subject.* I first saw Mr. Clark, I think, in the year 1802. I was introduced to him by Mr. Dosier, of Louisiana. My sister, after her marriage with Mr. Clark, arrived at New Orleans, accompanied only by her sister, Madame Despau. She was married to Mr. Clark as Miss Zulime de Carriere, in the year 1803; I do not remember the month; I do not remember the season of the year that Mr. Clark returned to New Orleans; she did not accompany him. I very frequently saw Daniel Clark after his marriage with my sister; as the marriage was a private one, it was not advisable that they should reside in the. same house; he, however, provided her with all the elegancies of life, and was devoted to his wife and child."

4. Bellechasse, also (already mentioned):
"I cannot swear that Clark was married to Miss Carriere. the mother of his child, although many persons affirmed that such was the fact; but I am well assured that, if he was not married to her, he was never married to any other woman."

5. In regard to the petition presented by the law firm of Davis & Pierce, as at the suit of Myra Clark, Colonel Davis testified that if it contained such words, as "that the petitioner, Myra, was the natural daughter of Daniel Clark, late of the city of New Orleans, deceased, acknowledged by him

* In other depositions of the same witness (which were relied on by the de-
fendants to prove falsehood in her), Madame Caillavet stated that the birth of both Des Granges' children (one being specified as "Caroline"), was k9well known to her of her personal knowledge."

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

as such," or words to that effect, they were never made use of with or by his knowledge or consent.
6. The fact, that while several persons supposed that they each possessed Clark's entire confidence about all his domestic concerns, it was now evident that they possessed it only in relation to single, separated, and particular parts or items of them; and that on other things, even of a kindred kind to those which they knew much or all about, he kept his confidences habitually and closely locked up from them. Why not then about a marriage meant to be a secret one, supposing such a marriage to have been performed?
Thus the testimony showed conclusively, that his most intimate friends in New Orleans, Boisfontaine and Bellechasse, both of whom knew all about Myra there, knew nothing whatever about Caroline in Philadelphia. Baron Boisfontaine testified:
"From the time of Myra's birth, Mr. Clark treated me as his confidential friend, in matters relating to her and to his affairs generally. The said Myra is the only child he ever acknowledged to me as his."

So Colonel Bellechasse: "I never heard Clark speak of having any other child beside Myra. He told me that she was his only child."

On the other hand, his partner Coxe, in Philadelphia, with whom he was undoubtedly most intimate, and who knew all about Caroline, knew nothing whatever about the history of Myra, living, after 1812, in the same city with him; and with difficulty would believe that she was a child of Clark's at all, or of anybody except Colonel and Mrs. Davis. He thus testified:
"Daniel Clark had not to my knowledge any other child be sides Caroline. He never acknowledged any such child to me. My intimacy with him would have justified, and would have been likely to induce, such a disclosure to me, if there had been any such child or childret,. Such, at least, is my belief, though in some respects MTr. (larl, was a man of very Peculiarcharacter.

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ot.

After his death, I was informed by Dr. Hulings'and S. B. Davis, for the first time, that he had another daughter by Madame 'Des Granges, born in New Orleans, called Myra."
So in February, 1802, a date very near (either before or after) to the birth of Caroline, Clark, having just returned from Washington, and being then in Philadelphia, where Zulime and her sister were, writes on the 18th of that month to Chew & Relf:
"When you write to me on private matters, let your letters come direct to Mr. Earle, as things will often occur which I wish only to see. . . . Forward me the $2000 which I wrote to you for in one or two good bills, that I may have some funds at my own disposal, without calling on Mr. Coxe for trifles, as I may want money. This must be a business kept to yourself."

III. The testimony of Colonel Davis, now aged eighty-one and upwards, was not perhaps of a very positive kind in any direction. He proved that Clark spoke of the child as his daughter, was proud and devotedly fond of her, and so spoke of her as to leave no other impression than that she was to be the recipient of all his property. He had never heard Clark "speak of Zulime as his wife, nor as holding a very different relation to him;" never having conversed with him on this subject. Clark had never made use of any expression to him which would convey the idea that Myra was an illegitimate child. He had no particular knowledge of Mr. Clark's ever having married. He never told Davis that he was married. The matter was never a subject of conversation between them. He did not think Mr. Clark would have been likely to marry two wives. He had never had any conversation with the sisters of Zulime (Mesdames Despau or Caillavet) in connection with Myra's legitimacy. They had never urged him to claim the estate for her. He added-
"Could I have had the satisfactory means of proving that Myra was Mr. Clark's legitimate child, and could I have had reason to believe that anything would have been gained from

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

out the estate, I certainly should have taken legal advice, and should have followed it. It was reported that Clark's estate was inselvent, and before I had any means of ascertaining the precise situation of the estate, Myra was married. I never doubted but that some arrangement had been made by Mr. Clark in relation to her."
In regard to this testimony of Colonel Davis, Peter A. Browne, a member of the Philadelphia bar-and on terms of intimacy with Davis, and an administrator pendente lite of his estate-testified:
"Colonel Davis frequently told me that she was the natural daughter of Clark, and his (Colonel Davis's) adopted child only. I cannot point out any time in particular in which this was said, because it happened in the course of conversation at intervals extending over the whole time of our acquaintance. On one occasion Colonel Davis told me that his deposition had been taken in one of the suits heretofore brought by the plaintiff, upon which I said that I supposed that he had declared that Daniel Clark had hot been married to the plaintiff's mother. To which he answered that that question had not been put to him in such a direct manner as to elicit an answer; but added that Clark was no more married to her than he (Davis) was."

IV. So far as respected the great point of the marriage.

On the other matters set up, the reportyr must be brief.

The defendant's title, as shown from IRelf & Chew, and relied on, was through sales made more thana year after

Clark's death-sonie in 1820 and thereabouts. They were

not apparently made in virtue of any order of court, direct-

ing them.

As respected Clark's insolvency at the time of his death, it was plain enough that in 1811, 1812, and even in 1813, and

almost or quite up to the time of his death, he had no ready

money, and was greatly straitened for the want of it: not

being able to supply even his mother's small requirements..

le was very gloon~y and despondent as to the issue of com-

mercial things, including his own; all then greatly embar. ras-ed and depressed by our war of that day with Great

VOL. V.

44

690

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

Britain. But not long before Colonel Davis's departure from New Orleans, Clark had exhibited to him a schedule of his affairs, showing a surplus of $500,000.
The other defences set up were chiefly matters of law, and need not, perhaps, be presented more fully than they are given at p. 644-5.

Such in a general way was the case as the reporter conceives it. And yet a good deal more, some may think, -s required-to give it its proper aspect. It must suffice to say that there was, hardly a witness who was not directly or indirectly attacked. Forgeries and thefts were charged or insinuated in regard to document after document. The chastity of Madame Despau, who was divorced, and of Madame Caillavet in early life, as of Zulime herself, were assailed. Mrs. Harper's veracity was put to similar proof. A son of CoTonel Davis (who, however, had had a newspaper quarrel with Mrs. Gaines), was a witness to disprove his father's statement as to what was directed to be put in the petition of 1805 for alimony, and to prove that in his father's family she was regarded as the natural child of Clark; while Mr. Coxe, examined on his voir dire, to show that he had settled a large claim against Clark's estate with Relf & Chew, the executors of the will of 1811, was argued not to be relieved of bias by the fact that he stated that he considered he had no interest, whatever, in the result; it being indifferent to him who succeeded to Daniel Clark's estate,.the estate itself being liable to him into whosesoever hands it passed. But these parts of the controversy the reporter does not deem it necessary to present.
The controversy had been already, in various forms, six different times before this court.* Messrs. Jones, Key, Reverdy Johnson, Carnpbell, Lawrence, Cushing, and Pein, representing, at different times, the complainant, and Messrs. R. S.

In Ex parte Myra Clark Whitney, 13 Peters, 404; Gaines v. Relf, 15 Id. 9; Gaines v. Chew, 2 Howard, 619; Paterson v. Gaines, 6 Id. 550; Gaires v. Reif, 12 Id. 472; Gaines v. Hennen, 24 Id. 553.

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW O12LEANS. Statement of the case.

Coxe, Janin, -Henderson,Barton, Brent, .May, Webster, -Duncan, and Hennen, the adverse claimants.
Sonde mention must be made of three of these eases, in which three the question of merits was involved. These were thus:
In 1836, Mrs. Gaines filed a bill against one Paterson and numerous other persons, purchasers of estates of which Clark died in possession, and also against Relf& Chew, executors of the will of 1811,-she, Mrs. Gaines, claiming these estates as heir and devisee of Clark. In their defences to this bill, different respondents pursued different coursessome one, some another. Relf & Chew, for example, demurred. Paterson, however, answered, and his case came up by itself, A.D. 1848, in Patersonv. Gaines.* The court, on the case as then presented, unanimously considered (Taney, C.-J., and Catron and McLean, JJ., being absent, but Wayne, McKinley, Daniel, Nelson, Woodbury, and Grier, JJ., sitting), that the evidence of Madame Benguerel sufficiently established the bigamy of Des Granges, and that of Madame Despau the marriage with Clark; and it adjudged "upon the evidence in this cause," that this marriage was lawful and that Mrs. Gaines was Clark's only legitimate child and heir at law, and entitled to her le9itinateportion of four-fifths of Clark's estate. The will of 1813 had not yet been established.
The subject next came up against other defendants at December Term, 1851, in Gainesv. Rey,et al.,t on a record with much additional evidence; more like the present case. The complainants there having set up the decree just mentioned (Gaines v. Paterson)as resadjudieata,the defendants asserted that the case was "no honest exposition of merits, but was brought about, allowed and consented to, for the purpose of pleading the same as res adudicataupon points in litigation not honestly contended." The court (Catron, McKinley, Nelson, Grier, and Curtis, JJ.,agreeing; Taney, C. J., and McLean, J., being absent, and Wayne and Daniel, JJ., dissent-

* 6 Howard, 550.

't 12 11I. 473.

692

GAINES V. INfEW ORLEANS.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

ing), deciding that there was" no earnest controversy," held, among other things,-
1. That Mesdames Despau and Caillavet were not worthy of credit, and were contradicted both by Coxe and by the alimony record of 1805.
2. That the naked confession of Des Granges that he had been guilty of bigamy made to Madame Benguerel and her husband, was incompetent evidence, even admitting it was made.
8. That the record of the suit of 1806, wanting as it did the "petition," proved nothing, and was incompetent.
4. That the ecclesiastical record of 1802 of Des Granges' prosecution for bigamy overthrew the feeble and discredited evidence introduced to prove it.
Mr. Justice Catron, who gave the opinion, said, among other things, as in the extracts from it which follow:-

"The complainant's principal witnesses are Madame Despau and Madame Caillavet. It appears that, in the spring of 1801, Des Granges went to France. lie was absent from his wife Zulime about fifteen months.
"Coxe proves that Madame Des Granges brought him a letter of introduction from Clark, stating that she was then far gone in pregnancy, and requesting Coxe's attention to her wants; that he furnished a house and money, and employed a nurse; that Clark's letter stated the child was his; and we must assume that the mother by delivering the letter impliedly admitted the fact. She was delivered; Coxe had the child put out to nurse. All this time, Madame Despau was with Madame Des Granges. The child was Caroline, and who these witnesses swear without hesitation was the child of Des Granges; and who, Madame Despati swears, was born in 1801. Nor does either witness intimate that she was born in Philadelphia.
"It is true beyond question that these witnesses did know that their sister Des Granges went North to hide her adultery; that she did delude her absent husband; that.she did impose on him the mendacious tale, that her sole business North was to clear up doubts that disturbed her mind about his having another wife. These facts they carefully conceal in their depo.

Dec. 1367.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

Statement of the case.

sitions; and on the contrary swear that she went North to get evidence of her husband's bigamy and imposition on her.
"When they swore positively that Caroline was the child of Des Granges, they did know that he had been in France, and his wife in New Orleans, and they had not seen each other for more than a year before the child was born; and 31adame Despau could not be ignorant that Clark claimed it as his, and that the mother admitted the fact to Coxe.
"Des Granges went to France with a full power to transact business for his wife and her three sisters, in which the latter style him their brother-in-law. This was his sole business in France, so far as this record shows; and when there, he wrote to Clark, in July, 1801, to assist his, Des Granges' wife; expressing his sympathies, forwarding a package for her, and regretting that he had not heard from her. He also expressed the sincerest gratitude for Clark's proffered kindness in providing for and aiding Zulime in his absence. From these facts it is clear, as we think, that at the time Des Granges left for-Europe, he and his wife were on terms of intercourse and ordinary affec.tion, and certainly not separated; and that the cause of their separation is found in the connection formed by Clark and Zulime in Des Granges' absence.
"It is palpable that the witnesses, Despau and Caillavet, swear to a plausible tale of fiction, leaving out the" circumstances of gross reality. These originated, beyond question, in profligacy of a highly dangerous and criminal character; that of a wife having committed adultery, and been delivered of an illegitimate child, in the absence of her husband; not only on his lawful business, but on hers, and at her instance.
"This child, with the knowledge of both of these witnesses, and certainly with the aid of one of them, if not both, was concealed in a foreign country, where the mother went and was delivered. This is the reality these witnesses conceal; roundly swearing that they knew this child to be Des Granges'.
"They also swear that Clark arranged with Zulime's family before he went to Philadelphia, and had the assent of her family to marry her; they having previously discovered Des Granges' bigamy. But, according to their account, so scrupulous and delicate was this injured woman, that she refused to marry Clark until she went to New York and there ascertained for herself the fact, that Des Granges had another wife; that Clark soon fol-

GAINES v. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ck,

lowed Mada me Des Granges and Madame Despau, as previously agreed on; and even then -adame Despau swears, when Gar. dette had informed them that he was present, and witnessed Des Granges' first marriage, her sister's sense of propriety and delicacy was so great, that earnest persuasions had to be used ,by Clark to overcome her scruples. We cannot shut our eyes bn the truth, and accord our belief to this fiction.
"1MadameDespau is further discredited by Coxe's evidence. Their contradictory statements raise a question of integrity between the witnesses. If they were equally entitled to credit, still Coxe's statement has several advantages. First: Madame Des Granges disavowed in the strongest terms that she was the wife of Clark by marrying Gardette. Secondly: So important a communication as Madame Despau declares her sister made to Mr. Coxe; so ruinous to Clark's matrimonial prospects, and so deeply disgraceful to him, must have been remembered by Coxe, ifsuch communication had been made.
"Again. Madame Despau swears that she and her sister Des Granges went to Philadelphia to obtain evidence of Clark's marriage with Zalime; that they could find no record of the marriage, and were told the priest who performed the ceremony had gone to Ireland. What occasion could there be for further proof? Madame Despau swears that Clark had proposed, and family arrangements had been made with him at New Orleans, to marry Zulime; that these proposals were made with the fall knowledge of all Zulime's family; that Clark followed the witness and Zulime North to fulfil the engagement; that he mef them, and the marriage took place; that she, Madame Despau, was present; that Mr. Dosier, a wealthy planter of New Orleans, and an Irish gentleman of .New York, were also present. Zulime's family consisted of three sisters and their husbands. Madame Caillavet swears that Clark conversed with her as his sister-in-law, and admitted the marriage openly to her. Than this, no further proof of it could be required, if true.
"In 1805, she again alleged in a legal proceeding, deeply affecting her and Des Granges, that she was his lawful wife, and that he was her husband. The court sanctioned her statement by fbunding its judgment on it; and as a wife, she recovered the amount claimed as alimony. With the full knowledge this woman had'of all the circumstances connected with the charge of bigamqy against Des Granges, our judgment is convinced that

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES v. NiEW ORLEANS.
Statement of the case.

69.5

she stated What was true, and that she was Des Granges' lawful wife at the time it is alleged she married Clark.
"The complicated and curious circumstances that surrounded this charge of bigamy against Des Granges in the Paterson case, and which were then so difficult to deal with, are easily enough understood now. The mystery is explained by the fact now presented, that in Des Granges' absence to France, his wife formed a connection with Clark, and the child Caroline came of that illicit connection. On Des Granges' return home, Madame Caillavet notified hier sisters to return in haste, as Des Granges" first wife was at New Orleans. Mesdames Despau and Des Granges forthwith returned, and at this time it ,was that Des Granges was so fiercely assailed by public opinion, and very soon after arrested on general rumor and tried for bigamy. The reports, to which these witnesses swear, obviously origin-; ated with, and were relied on by Madame Des Granges, her sisters and friends, to harass and drive Des Granges from the country, so that his wife might indulge herself in the society of Clark, unincumbered and unannoyed by the presence of an humble and deserted husband. And this was in fact accomplished, for Des Granges did leave the country soon after he was' tried for bigamy, and Clark did set up Des Granges' wife in a handsome establishment, where their intercourse was unrestrained.
"In 1805, when Des Granges again came to New Orleans, his wife immediately sued him for alimony, as above stated; speedily got judgment against him for fiv6 hundred dollars per annum" on the same day, issued execution, and again drove him away.
"As to the testimony of Madame Benguerel. We deem it extremely improbable, that a man should openly confess to the friends of Zulime, who reproached him with having committed a foul and high crime, that he was guilty; and this, too, on the eve of his apprehension and examination, on which he was compelled to give evidence against himself, when he swore that there was no truth whatever in the charge, ,and in which he was supported by this supposed first wife, who was then examined, and also by Zulime herself.
"On tho admissibility of Des Granges' confession, that he committed bigamy when he married Zulime, the question arises

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ct.

whether this confession (if made) could be given in evidence against the defendants ?
"The respondents introduced the copy of a mutilated record, now relied on, for the complainant, to prove the bigamy of Des Granges. It purports to be a suit of Zulime Carriere against Jerome Des Granges, commenced in 180,6, in the former County Court of New Orleans.
"To give the record this effect, it must appear that the plain tiff did set out in her petition the fhct that said marriage was null by reason of the bigamy of Des Granges, and that she prayed to have its nullity adjudged by a judicial decree, and that such .ecree was made on the issue. Nothing of the kind appears here. We have no evidence what the cause of action was, nor can any inference be drawn from the memoranda made by the clerk that the suit was to establish the bigamy. All that appears from these memoranda is, that debt or damages to the amount of $100 was claimed by the plaintiff, and that $10D in damages was recovered. Nor does the demurrer contradict this assumption. This mutilated record, therefore, proves nothing in this cause."
Judgment was accordingly given against Mrs. Gaines; but from it, as already said, Wayne and Daniel, JJ., dissented.
At December Term, 1860, the matter again came up in Gaines v. Ilennen.* The evidence was much the same as in the former case, except that owing to the establishment in the meantime by the Supreme Court of Louisiana, of Clark's will of 1813, Mrs. Gaines now came into this court, declared by her father to be his legitimate daughter and universal legatee. This fact the court treated as a feature in the case greatly distinguishing it from all preceding ones; and as being itself a potential evidence of a marriage. At the same time they spoke with respect of the testimony of Mesdames Despau and Benguerel, while that of Mr. Coxe they consid. ered, exhibited so considerable a bias against the marriage, that it was to be taken with considerable allowance. The

* 24 Howard, 553.

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

697

Opinion of the court.

court thought the evidence of bigamy sufficient for a civil case, and treated the ecclesiastical record of 1802 as one of a court having no jurisdiction. They regarded the record of 1806, though the petition of it was 'lost, as a record declaring void for bigamy the marriage of Des Granges and Zulime. Independently of this, the law of Louisiana was declared to be that in cases of bigamy where either parent contracts the second marriage in good faith (a matter always presumable), the issue is legitimate. And the title of Mrs. Gaines not being held to be barred by prescription, the court declared that after a litigation of thirty years the principles applicable to that lady's rights in her father's estate, were "now finally settled." From this judgment, concurred in by McLean, Wayne, Nelson, Campbell, and Clifford, JJ., a dissent was recorded by the Chief Justice (Taney), and Catron and Grier, JJ.
Such was the state of things as the reporter understood them when the present case came here. This case was now placed partially on the ground that in Gaines v. lienven an erroneous conception of fact was had by the court, owing to the immense size of the record; partially on .the ground that Gaines v. Jiennen was in reality not "an ear-
nest controversy," any more than Paterson v. Gaines had been; partially on the insolvency of Clark's estate and the partnership articlesgiving two-thirds of the premises sought to be recovered to Chew & Relf; these last two being features, as it was said, peculiar to the present cases.

3lfessrs. i7leConnelland Taylor,for the appellants,reliedlargcly on Gaines v. Relf; Messrs. Cashingand . .D.Stone (with abriefof .Ar.Stone), contra, on Gaines v. Hennen, andPaterson v. Gaines.

Mr. Justice DAVIS delivered the opinion of the court.
It was supposed, after the decision in Gainesv. Hennen,* that the litigation, pursued in one form and another for over thirty years, by the complainant, to vindicate her rights in

* 24 Howard, 553.

GAINES V. NEw ORLEANS. Opinion of the court.

[Sup. Ct.

the estate of her father, was ended. But this reasonable expectation has not been realized; for other cases, involving the same issues and pleadings, and supported by the same evidence, are before us; and we are asked to review the principles of law and questions of fact, on which the ilennen decision was pronounced, and thus reopen the whole controversy. The legal principles, on which that case was decided, ar6 no longer open for consideration. They were fully and finally settled, and are controlling in all future disputes relating to the same subject. But these defendants insist they have a right to be heard on the issues of fact presented in this case, even, if they are the same as those decided in the HIennen case.
It can serve no useful purpose to discuss the point how far the decision in Gaines v. Hennen is res judicala, as to the city of New Orleans and others in like position; for we shall examine this case, as if the questions of fact, decided in the former case, were still open questions to these defendants and others, whose cases are now before the court. Nevertheless, it is proper to say, when this court, in a real contest, has decided questions of fact on the most careful investigation, and after full argfiment by able counsel, it will be presumed a correct conclusion was reached, and before a decision thus rendered will be reversed, it must very clearly appear that error was committed.
The legitimacy of Mrs. Gaines is the turning-point of this controversy; for, since the probate of the will of 1813, if legitimate, she cannot be deprived of the estate of her father by any of the .defences interposed in this suit. These defendants claim, as a question of proof, from the record, that she is an illegitimate child-adulterous bastard of Daniel Clark-and cannot take the estate of her father, either as heir or legatee, under the will of 1813. This court decided, in the ilennen case, that by the law of Louisiana she was entitled to a legal filiation as the child of jDaniel Clark and Marie Julie (Zulime) Carriere, begotten in lawful wedlock. Was that a mistaken judgment?
To this question we will. first direct our attention, con-

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

699

Opinion of the court.

sidering, afterwards, the objections made to a recovery by her, even if her legal filiation is established. We shall not attempt to give the history of the litigation, which, it is to be hoped, will be closed by this decision; for the profession is familiar with it by the repeated adjudications of this court. It is enough to say it has been pursued by the complainant through a third of a century, with a vigor and energy hardly ever surpassed, in defiance of obstacles which would have deterred persons of ordinary mind and character, and has enlisted, on both sides, at difflrent periods, the ablest talent of the American bar.
This case seems to have been defended on the idea, that every presumption was against the legitimacy of Mrs. Gaines, and the inclination of courts would be so to decide. But, as she was declared legitimate by her father in his last will and testament, common justice, not to speak of legal rules, would require that such a declaration should only be overborne by the strongest proof; and yet detached portions of evidence, scattered through the record here and there, are invoked to destroy the dying declarations of an intelligent man, that a-beloved child was capable of inheriting his property.
The influence of the probate of the will of 1813, in deciding the civil status of Mrs. Gaines, cannot be over-estimated. Without the evidence which it furnishes, her legitimacy might be questioned; but with it, in connection with the other evidence in the record, it is hard to see how it can longer be doubted. The circumstances under which this will Wvas recognized are peculiar, and entitle the court which pronounced it valid to the tribute of our admiration. It was proved by the memory of witnesses, forty-three years after it was made, in the height of the litigation instituted by Mrs.
Gaines to obtain possession of her father's estate; but, not. withstanding the effect of the probate of it was to recall the will of 1811, and endanger titles acquired under it, so strong was the proof of its authenticity, and so complete the evidence of its contents, that a court, administering justice in the midst of a people claiming rights hostile to it, did not

GAINES v. NEw ORLEANS. Opinion of the court.

[Sup. Ct

hesitate to order it to be recorded and executed as the last
will and testament of Daniel Clark.
This will, thus allowed to go to probate, contains the following clause: "I do hereby acknowledge that my beloved Myra, who is now living in the family of Samuel B. Davis, is my legitimate and only daughter; and that I leave and bequeath unto her, the said Myra, all the estate, whether real or personal, of which I may die possessed, subject only to the payment of certain legacies hereinafter named." The will was made only a short time before the testator died,
and is to be taken as his dying testimony that he believed the declarations in it to be true. And no one can read the evidence on which it was established, especially the evidence of Harriet Harper, Boisfontaine, and Bellechasse, without being convinced of the unbounded affection of Daniel Clark for his child, his sensibility as to her being declared legitimate, his pride in the position she would occupy as heir to his large estate, and his belief that he had secured the estate to her. Nearly his last words were about this child, and the necessity of taking care of the will on her account.
The inquiry naturally arises, what motive had he to declare his child legitimate if he knew the fact were otherwise? He was a man of superior intelligence, and long residence in Louisiana, and necessarily knew by the laws of the State he could secure to his child enough of his large property to make her. rich, if she were illegitimate. Is it conceivable that such a man would risk a declaration of
legitimacy, which he knew to be false, and thus jeopard the estate, which lie insisted with so much confidence lie had
secured to his child, and in the security of which he said "he would die contented?"
It is argued that the conduct and letters of Clark, foik years before this, are inconsistent with the idea of Myra's legitima6y. Conceding this is so, and yet it in nowise disproves the good faith and sincerity of Clark when he made his will.
The conduct of Clark is susceptible of easy explanation. Ie bad contracted an unfortunate marriage, and, in many

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES v. NTEw ORLEANS.

Opinion of the court.

respects, a disreputable one, having married a person with whom he had previously lived improperly, who, without a divorce, had married again. Possessed of commanding influence and high position, and mingling in social intercourse with the best society of the country, it was natural, while in strong health and the full tide of prosperity, he should be desirous of concealing such a marriage; but when sickness overtook him, and he necessarily reviewed his past life, it was just as natural he should wish to repair the consequences of his folly (to use no harsher term) by a deliberate acknowledgment that the child born of that marriage was legitimate, and could, therefore, inherit his estate. lRe was intelligent enough fo know that, if he died without giving his child the status to which she was entitled, she would in all probability pass through life with a stain upon her birth, and be unable to enjoy his property, for he had taken uncommon pains to conceal his marriage.
The difficulty of acknowledging the marriage to Zulime was greatly increased by her subsequent marriage to Gardette. Clark could not acknowledge it to the world without injuring her, which no righininded man under the circum.. stances would wish to do. According to the testimony of Baron Boisfontaine, Clark considered her blameless, and
would have made his marriage with her public if it had not been for the obstacle interposed by the Gardette marriage. It is easy to see the struggle in the mind of Clark on this subject. lie had sustained improper relations with a woman
of uncommon personal attractions, to whom he was passion-. ately attached. This woman he afterwards married, and lived with in secret for several years. Estrangement took place, and he separated from her. She had repaired to Philadelphia to psocure evidence of her marriage; but being unable to get it, and-advised of its invalidity, had married another man with whom she was quietly living. Two children were the result of the intercourse between them- one born before and the other after marriage-the latter the legitimate heir of the father, if he married the mother, believing in good faith she was capable of contracting mar-

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.
Opinion of the court.

[Sup. Ot,

riage. To acknowledge a marriage with such surroundings was to lose social caste, and put in peril a woman whom he
,once loved and 'till professed to respect. Not to acknowl-
7 edge it was to bastardize a child for whom he had great
affection, and to see a large part of his estate go to others, who had no claims on his bounty. There were thus presented to his mind conflicting motives. Duty to himself and society, and affection for his child, prompted him to proclaim his marriage, while pride, the fear of social degradation, and the natural desire not to inflict additional injury upon Zulime, impelled him to a contrary course. That he yielded to the influence of unworthy motives, and lived for years a life of deception, only proves that his baser nature during that time got the control, and that lie acted as other men in similar circumstances have acted before him. But, before he died, the better nature of this man of lofty pride and sensitive honor was aroused and gained the ascendency. ie atoned in some measure for the errors of his past life; for he not only made a public acknowledgment, in the last solemn act of his life, that his child was legitimate, but a short time previous to his death frequently repeated the declaration to Mrs. Harper, who had nursed the child in infancy, and to Boisfontaine, who managed his plantations, and was with him when he died.
Testimony like this outweighs the evidence furnished by the conduct of Clark, when, governed by bad influences, he was even willing to leave a stain of dishonor on the birth of his child, rather than make known a marriage which would tend to degrade him in the estimation of his friends and the public. If the evidence of Mrs. Harper and Boisfontaine is true (and who can doubt it since the action of the Supreme Court of Louisiana?), it confirms the declarations of the will, and shows a willingness, nay, more, an anxiety on the part of Clark to talk about a subject the nearest his heart, and one which of necessity must have awakened his conscience. To whom would he be so likely to communicate the information that Myra was born in lawful wedlock as to the woman who nursed her and the man

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES v. NEW ORLEANS. Opinion of the court.

who remained with him, at his request, during his sickness, and until he died?
But the will itself, in another clause, furnishes corroborating evidence of Mrs. Gaines's legitimacy. A legacy of five thousand dollars is left to Caroline Des Granges, with a suitable annuity until her majority. The person thus designated was the natural child of Clark by Zulime, and yet he avoids calling her his child, gives her the name of the ostensible husband of her mother at the time of her kitth, and recognizes Myra as his legitimate and only daughter. Many reasons may have influenced Clark to pursue this course. Delicacy to the mother may have induced him to reveal no more than was necessary to accomplish his purpose; or an unwillingness, by his will, to affix a brand of reproach on this child, who was lawfully entitled to bear the name of Des Granges, may have been the motive; or a wish that MIyra, the object of his greater affections and superior bounty, might never know the wickedness of his life, may have prompted his course. It is not necessary to inquire whether these considerations, singly or together, constituted the reasons for the peculiar wording of the legacy. It is enough to know from the legacy that Clark had both children in his mind when he drew his will. If so, and he knew both were illegitimate, why discriminate so largely in favor of one and against the other? No answer can be given to this question on the assumption he knew the birth of both to be dishonorable; but it is easily answered, if one was legitimate and the other not, for it is the experience of the world (and it is well it is so) that every person owning property desires his legitimate children to have the greater share of it.
The attempt to impeach the validity of this will shows the importance attached to it by the defence in determining the issue we are now considering. But the will cannot be attacked here. When a will is duly probated by a State court of competent jurisdiction, that probate is conclusive of the validity and contents of the will in this court.
But why, if the will is invalid, has the probate of it rested for twelve years unrecalled, when express liberty was given

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Opinion of the court.

ESup. Ct.

by the Supreme Court of Louisiana for any one interested to contest it in a direct action with complainant? If, with this clear indication of the proper course to be pursued, the probate of the will still remains unrevoked, the reasonable conclusion is, the will itself could not be successfully attacked. Be this as it may, while unrevoked it is the law of this case, and so this court held in Gaines v. .lennez.
But it is said the probate of the will in dispute cannot stand, because there was no direct action by the Louisiana court annulling the probate of the will of 1811. This was not necessary. The probate of the will of 1813, by the mere fact of its probate, necessarily annulled the will of 1811, so far as its provisions were inconsistent, and so far as the estate was not legally administered under it. And this precise point was decided in the Iennen case.
We will proceed now to consider the question of actual marriage, and whether Clark, in good faith, contracted it. Madame Sophie Despau swears to the solemnization of a
marriage between Clark and Zulime, by a Catholic priest, in Philadelphia, in 1802 or 1803. If this witness is to be believed there is an end of the case, for no amount of negative testimony that Clark could not have made the marriage will weigh down the testimony of an unimpeached witness, who was present and witnessed the ceremony. But why does she not tell the truth ? Is it because she was the sister of Zulime? Who so likely to be present at a private marriage, designed to be concealed from the world, as a near relative of one of the parties? Clark knew he was contracting a marriage which would lessen his standing in society, and might not want any very dear friend or relative present. Not so with Zulime. She was marrying a man of rank and position, with whom she had lived in unlawful intimacy, and what so natural that she should take with .her to Philadelphia, as a witness of her happiness, the same sister who had witnessed her previous disgrace when Caroline was born. Is she not to be believed because she speaks of Caroline as one of the children born of the marriage of her sister with Des Granges, when she must have known she was the child

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES v. NEW ORLEANS.

705

Opinion of the court.

of Clark? It is doubtless true she knew Clark to be the real

father of the child; but she certainly did not falsify in stating

Caroline was born of the Des Granges marriage. This was

true, and yet Clark had seduced the wife and was the father

of the child. But is she to be condemned and her evidence

discarded because she does not disclose the frailties of her

sister, and instead of answering plainly that Caroline was

the child of Clark, speaks of her as born of the marriage

with Des Granges? Des Granges was, in the eye of the law,

the father, though Clark was, in.fact, the father; and al-

though Madame Despau knew the real parentage of Caro-

line, we cannot say she did not believe she was answering

properly the cross-interrogatories propounded to her. At

any rate, we cannot say her testimony in this regard casts

suspicion on the evidence given to establish the marriage.

We concede something to the infirmity of human nature.

This aged witness, testifying forty-six years after events

which must have indelibly fixed themselves on her memory,

and when concealment of anything, no matter how un-

pleasant, would do harm rather than good, still shows pride

of family, and studiously avoids the condemnation of her

unfortunate sister, for she can speak of her sufferings, but

not of her frailties. All this may prove weakness of char-

acter, but does not tend to prove she told a falsehood when

she testified to the marriage of Clark and Zulime. But she

is corroborated by Madame Rose Caillavet, an elder sister,

who was eighty-three years of age in March, 1849, when her

deposition in this cause was taken. She testifies the mar-

riage was arranged in New Orleans; that Zulime wrote to

her from Philadelphia that it had taken place; that Clark

afterwards acknowledged it, and frequently stated that Myra

was his lawful and only child. There is nothing in this

record worthy of notice to impeach this testimony. It was

given by one whose life was nearly ended,'and who could

have no motive, as far as we can see, to tell an untruth.

Like Sophie Despau, she was the sister of Zulime, and,

equally anxious to vindicate her good name, but this fur

nishes no good reason to discredit her.

·oL. VT.

45

706

GAINES V. NET ORLEANS.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

In support, then, of the issue that there was a marriage between the father and mother of complainant, we have the testamentary disposition of the father; his declarations at
the time of his death, and shortly before' it, to Mrs. Harper and Boisfontaine, that Myra was legitimate; similar declarations at other times to Madame Caillavet, with an acknowledgment to her of the marriage; and, superadded to all this, the evidence of Madame Despau that the marriage ceremony took place in her presence; with the admission of Clark to Boisfontaine that he would have made it public but for the subsequent conduct of Zulime in marrying Gardette.
To disprove the fact of marriage, the evidence is of a negative character and wholly inferential. Concede it is true that Clark behaved so as to cause his most intimate friends to disbelieve the fact of marriage; that he held himself out to the world as a single man, and by public repute, after the time of the alleged marriage, lived with Zulime, ostensiby not as his wife, still the case of the complainant is not weakened. It was the fixed purpose of Clark to conceal
this marriage, as is clearly sh.own by the evidence; and a man of his mental resources would be likely to use every means calculated to accomplish his purpose; and these things, instead of proving the marriage did not occur, only prove how effectually it was concealed.
But it is argued with earnestness and ability there was no marriage, because those who knew Clark intimately swear to their belief that one of his proud nature would never marry a person with whom he had previously lived unlawfully. Opinions of witnesses on such a point can have no weight in determining the issue we are trying. Men of equal position and equal pride with Clark have married those with whom they were living unlawfully, and why should not Clark do the same thing? No good reason can be given why he should not act in a matter of this kind as other men, just as sensitive and proud, have acted before him. If he seduced Zulime and could lawfully marry hr, it was his duty to do
it; an7 can we say he was too proud to marry her, and thereby repair the wrongs she suffered at his hands 9 To

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. ]TEw ORLEANS.

707

Opinion of the court.

say so wou d be to reflect upon his memory more than is
necessary. In denial of the marriage it is said, if Clark had not been
free to do so, he would never have written a letter, Stating if he could secure the affections of Miss Caton he would offer himself to her. This letter was written after his estrangement from Zulime and separation from her, but befbre her intermarriage with Gardette. It cannot be denied the writihht of it was a base and inexcusable act, and in itself affords an additional proof, if any were necessary, how easy the descent, when a man, with a fixed purpose, is leading a life of deceit. Clark, for years, had been imposing himself on the world in a character different from his real one, and when his affections were weaned from Zulime he attempted to do what, if he had succeeded in doing, would have blackened his memory forever. iBut fortunately, before he died, his line of conduct was changed. - Affection for his child and uncertain health, doubtless subdued him, and induced him to disclose what, as an honorable and honest man, he should never have wished to conceal. In resolving the issue of marriage or no marriage, the effect of this letter is unimportant when opposed to the direct testimony that there was a marriage, on which we have offered sufficient comments. Without pursuing the subject further, it is our conclusion from the whole record, as a matter of fact, that the father and mother of complainant were married.
Did Clark contract that marriage in good faith? If this inquiry can be answered in the affirmative, the legitimacy of Mrs. Gaines is no longer an open question. The fact of marriage being proved, the presumptions of law are all in favor ofrgood Thith. To disprove the good faith in this case
there should be full proof to the contrary, and the law will not be satisfied with semi-plena probalio."* Chief Justice Martin, in Clendenm ing v. Clendennig,t in discussing the question of the extent of the proof required to overturn the
presumption of good faith, says, "the proof must be irre-

* Gaines v. Hennen, 24 Hey.ird, 591.

f3 Martin, N. S., 442.

GAINES V. NTEW ORLEANS.

[Sup. CL

Opinion of the court.

fragable." Testing this case by these rules, the question is of easy solution. Zulime, when quite young, was married in New Orleans to Jerome Des Granges, from whom she was not divorced at the time of her marriage with Clark. It is in evidence that Clark was a single man; and the inquiry therefore is, did he believe Zulime had the capacity of contracting marriage with him? If in good faith he believed she was free to marry him on account of the invalidity of her marriage with Des Granges, and with a bonafide belief of this did marry her, then, by the laws of Louisiana, such a marriage has its civil effects, and the child born of it is legitimate, and can inherit her father's estate.
We do not propose to discuss the question, whether Des Granges was or was not guilty of bigamy in marrying Zulime? That he was accused of it is very clear, and that there is evidence-in the record tending to show it was true, is equally clear; but where the weight of the testimonyl eaves, the point in dispute, the purposes of this suit do not require us to decide.
Clark had been criminally intimate with Zulime before his marriage, and on one occasion sent her, secretly, to Philadelphia, where she gave birth to a child, of which he acknowledged himself to Daniel W. Coxe as the father. Whether these improper relations wvere continued after the return of Zulime to New Orleans we are not informed by the record; but, in the absence of proof to the contrary, the fair presumption would be they were. It is asked why Clark should marry her if he could live with her without it? The natural answer would be, he loved bet and wished to terminate the existing disreputable connection; for we have no right, unless there is clear proof it is so, to ascribe a bad motive for a good act. It may be Zulime was unwilling longer to continue the connection, and Clark, rather than
part with her, married her. But whatever were the con-
trolling motives with the parties, there was nothing to induce
Clark to enter into a marriage contract, unless be thought
he had a right t)do it. He was a man of high intelligence, and knew what eve"y man of ordinary intelligence knows,

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. INiw ORLEANS.

709

Opinion of the court.

that he subjected himself to a criminal prosecution and absolute disgrace, if he married a woman who was lawfully the wife of another. Is it to be supposed for a momentconsidering the political and social position he occupied, on which so much stress is laid by the defence-that he would expose himself knowingly to the penalties provided everywhere against the crime of bigamy? Clearly not.
From the very nature of the case, Clark must have believed he had a right to marry Zulime. But we are not without testimony to prove his good faith. Madame Despau swears it became known in New Orleans thatDes Granges had another wife, who was living when he married Zulime, and upon this she separated from him and returned to her family. It was then arranged that Clark should marry her; but before doing so, it was thought best to procure record evidence of the first marriage of Des Granges, which was said to have taken place in New York. For this purpose she went to New York in company with Zulime, but found the registry of marriages of which she was in search was destroyed. Failing in their object they repaired to Philadelphia, where it was appointed Clark should meet them, and while there Gardette told them he was a witness-to the marriage of Des Granges in New York, and the wife was then living in
France. Upon this communication Clark said to Zulime, "You have no longer any reason to refuse to marry me ;" to which she assented, and the marriage was solemnized. If this testimony is true, and we have said in a previous part of this opinion there is nothing to discredit this witness, then the good faith of Clark in contracting marriage with Zulime is established. And who can doubt Zulime was in equal good faith? But the determination of that point is not es-
sential in settling the rights of the complainant in this suit. No better evidence could be furnished Clark of the invalidity of Zulime's prior marriage, and her right to marry againshort of a pronounced divorce by a decree of court-than the testimony of a witness who was present at the marriage in New York, and who knew the woman to whom Des Grange.3 was there united was living in France. The regis-

GAINES V. I EW ORLEANS. Opinion of the court.

[Sup. Ct.

try of marriages, if in existence, would only have proved Des Granges had been married before he married Zulime, but would have failed to prove whether the wife of the first marriage was living or dead.
But Madame Despau also testifies that Des Granges ad mitted his crime, and it is fair to presume, although her testimony is silent on the point, she communicated this admission to Clark. The fact that Des Granges was charged with bigamy was known to Clark, and it is reasonable to suppose, while in NTew Orleans, he had informed himself of the evidence to sustain it; and if he had an interview with Madame Benguerel he must have been convinced of it, for she testifies she and her husband were intimate with Des
Granges, who, when charged with his baseness, admitted it, but excused his conduct on the ground that he had abandoned his first wife, and never intended to see her again. But whether Clark saw Madame Benguerel or not, lie could not have failed, before he leftNew Orleans, to collect all the evidence in his power on this subject, and his mind was, tberefore, well prepared to receive the evidence of the bigamy of Des Granges, and of Zulime's right to marry him, which Gardette furnished.
The testimony of Madame Despau is fortified, in many important particulars, by that of Madame Caillavet. If, however, the evidence we have been considering falls short of proving the good faith of Clark in contractilg marriage with Zulime, the testamentary recognition by him that the issue of the marriage was legitimate relieves the question of all doubt. The child could not be legitimate unless the father married the mother in the full belief he had a lawful right to do so, and this a man of the intelligence of Clark could not help knowing. The disposition of property to
take effect after death is one of the most solemn acts in the life of a man, and in itself is the highest evidence of good faith. The influence of the will of 1813 in settling the question of good faith is so far conclusive, that to overturn it there must be full proof to the contrary. There is no such proof in the record. What there is relates to the in-

Dec. 1867 ]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

711

Opinion of the court.

711

consistencies in the conduct of Clark on which we have commented, and which it is unnecessary here to repeat. We find, therefore, as a farther fact in this case, that Daniel Clark contracted marriage with Zulime Carriere in good faith. As Clark was in good faith when he married the mother of the complainant, it follows that she can take the estate under the olographic will of 1818.
It is conceded. the property in dispute, and which the defendants admit they were in possession of, is a part of the estate of Daniel Clark left at his decease, and devised to complainant in his last will. She is, therefore, entitled to the relief sought by her bill, unless prevented by some of the special defences interposed, which we will now proceed to notice.
It is claimed as a question of law, that the decree of this court in Gainesv. Bef,* is resjudicataboth as to the present claim for the property and the civil status of the complainant;' but this precise point was met and disposed of adversely in the Hen nen case, and will not be further considered.
Two defences have been prominent throughout this litigation, and as they are both applicable to some of the cases now before the court, and as one opinion will in fact dispose of all the cases, we will consider in this case all substantial defences to the recovery by Mrs. Gaines of her fither's estate.
In bar of the claim of the complainant, titles acquired under Ielf and Chew, as executors of the will of 1811, are set up. But these titles cannot avail the defendants, because Relf and Chew, as executors of the will of 1S11, had no authority to make the sales, and could, therefore, pass no interest to the purchasers. There is no question in this record of the effect- of the probate of the will of 1811, while unrevoked, upon property legally sold by the executors; because the very foundation of the bill in this case is, that there was no legal sale of the property. In Louisiana by

* 12 Howard, 472.

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.
Opinion of the court.

[Sup. Ct.

the law in force when these sales were made, the power of executors to make sales without the order of court terminated at the end of a year from their appointment. This is not only clear from the law itself, but also from the judicial decisions of the State. Chief Justice Martin, in Donaldson v. ilul, says, a sale by executors, without an-order of court, and by private contract, is void; and to the same effect is the case of Lanfear v. .Harper.t The defendants having
failed to prove that any order of court was ever given to make these sales, they are nullities, and confer no titles. And this is the decision in Patersonv. Gaines,J which is reaffirmed in Gaines v. lHennen.§ It is useless to discuss the point further, as we "see no reason to question the correctness of the conclusion at which the court arrived in those cases.
It is insisted the defendants are protected by reason of conveyances from Relf and Chew, as attorneys of Mary Clark, the universal legatee under the provisions of the will of 1811. The invalidity of this defence has been also sustained by this court in the cases just referred to. But evedi if the power of attorney, on which these conveyances were predicated, was not defective, and the other proceedings were regular, still, by the law of Louisiana and the decision of her highest court, Mary Clark, as sole instituted heir, could give no title as against the real and paramount heir. The effect of the probate of the will of 1813, if Myra Clark Gaines is legitimate, and that we have found to be true, is to make her sole heir of Daniel Clark, and, as a consequence, Mary Clark could in law have no title as heir, and could convey none. Although French jurists have differed on this subject, the question is set at rest by the decision of the Supreme Court of Louisiana, in Bipoll v. Mlorina.I Sebastian Ripoll died, in 1836, in New Orleans, and left by will a lafge estate to Teresa Morina, his universal legatee, who was, also, his natural daughter. She was put in possession of the estate by the

* Martin, N. S., 113. 6 Howard, 550.

t 13 Louisiana Annual, 548.

24 Id. 553.

1112 Robinson, 560.

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS.

713

Opinion of the court.

judgment of the Probate Court as testamentary heir. The will was contested by two sisters of Ripoll, who represented they were the only heirs of their brother; but long before
the contest commenced, and while Teresa was the apparent heir, and in the undisturbed enjoyment of the property, she sold part of the real estate at its full value to bond fide pur-
chasers. One of the questions in the case was, whether those who purchased property from the apparent heir or universal legatee, in possession of the estate as such heir or legatee, could defend against the claim of the legal and actual heir, and the court decided they could not. In discussing the question they say: "Our code, art. 2427, declares that the
sale of a thing belonging to another is null," and that the
purchasers of the property in dispute can, under no circumstances, acquire any greater right or any better title to it than their vendor bad. As to the defence of good faith, the court decide, "that all the law has done in favor of a purchaser in good faith is to give. him the benefit of the limitation by prescription, though the property so purchased may
belong to another person," and refer in support of their position to the Civil Code, arts. 3442, 8450, 8451. That case is decisive of this on the point we are considering, and goes further than the necessities of this case require, because Mary Clark was never recognized by the Probate Court as
heir, or put in possession of the property.

It is argued with earnestness that the estate of Daniel Clark was insolvent, and the real heir cannot have it until the debts and legacies are paid. If this defence were true in fact, which it is not (but we do not care to discuss the evidence in order to show it), it cannot avail these defendants. They
are concerned to show a better title than the complainant, and if they cannot do it, are not at liberty to make a collateral issue by proving the estate in debt more or less. If the
executors rightfully sold the property in controversy they are protected; but they cannot substitute themselves for the creditors of the estate, and use them as a means to get pro.
tection.

GAINES v. .TEw ORLEANS. Opinion of the court.

[Sup. Ct.

A kindred defence to this is, that the Probate Court of New Orleans, in 1841, duly approved of the sales made by :Reif and Chew as executors, and that this homologation is binding upon the complainant. This court in the Henne;i case said, "We do not think the accounts of Relf and Chew are put in issue by the bill of complainant, or the answer of the defendants, particularly as Relf and Chew are not parties to this proceeding."
But the objection to this defence lies deeper than this; for if it were true the accounts were duly homologated, these defendants are not benefited by it, because the Probate Court could not by a subsequent order give validity to sales made by executors, which were null and void by the law of the State when they were made. It is, however, not true that the executors' accounts were duly homologated, as the court, in its order of confirmation, say, "they are confirmed in all respects in which they are not opposed." As the opposition
of Mrs. Gaines (more interested in the matter than any other person) has never been withdrawn, but is still active, the question is an open one in the Court of Probate.

Although the legal title to the property in dispute was in Daniel Clark at the time of his death, yet it is said there is
an outstanding equitable title in Relf and Chew to two-thirds of it, by virtue of a partniership agreement between them and Clark, of the date of 19th of June, 1813, which will defeat, pro tato, the recovery the complainant seeks to obtain by her bill.
This defence is provocative of more comments than we have time to make, or the necessities of this suit require us to make. It is extraordinary, if the agreement relied on was a valid and executed contract at the time of Clark's death, those interested to know it should have remained in ignorance of it for a period of twenty-five years. During this long time it is equally concealed from creditors, purchasers of property, and the Court of Probate. Why was no title asserted under it when the estate was inventoried? Why were not creditors informed of it, who were interested to

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. N EW ORLEANS. Opinion of the court.

know the extent of the estate to which they had to look for the payment of their debts? Ante rnotam litem, nothing is heard of it; but when Mrs. Gaines attempts to "unkennel" the fraud by which she was deprived of her just rights, it sees the light. If Relf and Chew were the real owners of two-thirds of every piece of property which they sold, why not recite the fact of joint ownership in the conveyances which they made? Why sell all the property either as executors of the will of 1811, or as attorneys of Mary Clark? No satisfactory answers can be given to these questions, or reasonable explanation to the conduct of Relf and Chew, on the theory that the agreement thus attempted to be set up to defeat this suit was a completed contract when Clark died.
If,however, it was, and there is an outstanding equitable title in Chew and :Relf to the property in litigation, the defendants cannot plead the fact in bar of the right of complainaut to recover. The defendants, equally with the complainant, claim title from the same common source. This is clear from the pleadings and proof. If, therefore, both parties claim title from the same person, neither is at liberty to deny that such person had title. On this point the Louisiana authorities are uniform.* The rule is the same in equity as at law, and is well stated in Garrettv. Lyle.t The court in that case say: "We do not deny in equity as well as at law the plaintiff must recover upon the strength of his own title; but because this is the rule it does not follow he must show a good title against all the world; it is enough that he shows a right to recover against the defendants. And there are many cases in which he has this right, although another person must recover it from him."
The defendants, as a further defence to this action, say they are purchasers in good faith for value without notice, or have acquired titles from those who were, and will, there.

Crane v. Marshall, I Martin (N. S.), 678; Bedford v. Urquhart, 8 Loui6iana, 239; Cobton v. Stacker, 5 Louisiana Annual, 677; Girault v. Zuntz, 15 Id. 686.
1 27 Alabata, 689.

GAINEs v. NEW ORLEANS. Opinion of the court.

[Sup. (3t.

fore, be protected by a court of equity. We cannot see, in view of the discussion already given to this case, how this plea can be true; but as it cannot avail the defendants if true, it is unnecessary to discuss the evidence further in order to ascertain whether it is true or false. For the question at issue in this case is only on the legal title. The complainant insists she has that title, and if so, her right to enforce it is very clear. On the contrary, the defenidants, conceding that Daniel Clark, the fither of complainant, had the title when he died, say it has been divested by sales made under the will of 1811, either by the executors or Mary Clark, the instituted heir, and that they now hold it.
In deciding the issue thus presented, the defence, that although the sales were irregular, those who bought the property did it in good faith and without notice, and are protected, cannot avail the defendants unless accompanied by the plea of prescription. As we have said in a previous part of this opinion, all that the law of Louisiana has done to protect one who has bought property in good faith, although it shall turn out the property belongs to another person, is to give him the benefit of the bar of time prescribed by the code.* If the complainant was endeavoring to establish an equitable title, this court, if it saw proper to do so, could refuse to her the use of the peculiar powers of a court of chancery in aiding to establish it against the purchaser of the legal estate who had acquired it fairly and honestly. As she is not doing this, but is contesting her right to the legal estate, we cannot see how either in a court of law or equity she can lose that right because the defendants have purchased in good faith what they supposed was the legal title.
This brings us to the only remaining defence which we shall notice, and that is the bar by prescription. In this connection the question of good faith is always important. The law in its liberality so far protects every honest and fair buyer of real estate, that it limits the time in which actions

* Repoli v. Morena, 12 Robinson, 560.

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Opinion of the court.

shall be brought against him to oust him of his possession. But the title of complainant is not barred by prescription according to the law of Louisiana. This defence was made in the case of Gaines v. Hennen, so often referred to, and disposed of adversely to the defendanf, and is no longer an open question in this court. The prescription relied upon by the defendants, in this case, is the same that was relied upon by the defendant in that, and as the proofs are common to both, it follows, as the plea of prescription was not available in the one, it is not in the other.

Courts, in the administration of justice, have rarely had to deal with a case of greater hardship, or more interesting character and history, than the one we are now considering. Daniel Clark, a prominent citizen of Louisiana in its early history, died in New Orleans in 1818, leaving by will his large estate to the complainant, then a chi'd of tender years, who has never enjoyed it, but is now, after the lapse of fiftyfive years from the death of her father, struggling to get it.
Clark wrote;this will with his own hand; lodged it as he supposed in a safe place, to be confided to one of his executors, who was also the selected tutor for his child; explained its contents, and expressed his solicitude about it to several friends, and died in the belief he had secured to his child his estate; and yet, after his death, the will cannot be
found, and no reasonable mind, from the evidence in the case, can doubt that it was purloined and destroyed. Another will, written two years before, with different disposition of property, is allowed to go to probate, unchallenged by the friends of Daniel Clark, in place of the one thus destroyed, and the estate is administered under it for a period of twentyfive years, without account of administration rendered to the Court of Probate. In the meantime, the complainant remained where she was placed by her father, in t.he family of Samuel B. Davis, until she was married. Davis, as he swears, maintained and educated her at his expense. When he left New Orleans for the North, with the child, about a yoar before the death of Clark, he retained in his hands, at

GAINES V. NEW ORLEANS. Opinion of the court.

[Sup. Ct.

the instance of Clark, twenty-three hundred and sixty dollars (for which he gave his note), the interest of which was to go towards the education of the daughter. This sum of money, small as it was, was withdrawn from him by proceedings instituted against him by the executors shortly after Clark's death, hnd the child lost the use of it, although these executors, intimate friends and partners in business with Daniel Clark, must have known that Clark was the father of the child, and must also have known her necessities.
To the discredit of the friends of Daniel Clark, this child grew to womanhood in utter ignorance of her rights and parentage, and did not ascertain them until 1834 (then not fully); since which time she has been endeavoring to obtain her rightful inheritance. Owing to the lapse of time, it was difficult to reach the truth, and, necessarily for many years, she groped her way in darkness; but finally she was able to show the great fraud perpetrated against her; for, in the judgment of the Supreme Court of Louisiana, she established the validity of that very -will, which, forty-three years before, her father had executed in her favor. This action of that court settled what was before doubtful-her civil status-and removed the difficulty she had formerly encountered in pursuit of her rights. The questions of law and fact applicable to those rights were determined in the case of Gaines v. Jiennen. After argument by able counsel, and on mature consideration, we have reaffirmed that decision. Can we not indulge the hope that the rights of Myra Clark Gaines in the estate of her father, Daniel Clark,
will Vow be recognized?

The decree of the Circuit Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana is REVERSED, and this cause is remanded to that court, with instructions to enter a decree for complainant
IN CONFOXMITY WITH THIS OPINION.
GRIER, SWAYNE, and MILLER, JJ., dissented.

Dec. 1867.]

GAINES V. DE LA ORIX. Statement of the case.

NOTE.
At the same time with the preceding case of Gaines v. Nye Orleans, was decided another appeal in equity, from the same circuit with it, and depending in the main upon the same issues; the difference between the two cases being, that in the last case the controversy concerned the sale of slaves belonging to the succession of Clark, while in Gaines v. New Orleans it related to real estate. The case just named must be read in order to understand the one now reported, of an adjectitious character.

GAINES V. DE LA CROIX.
1. As the law stood in Louisiana, in October, 1813, testamentary executors could only sell at public auction after due advertisement of the property; and the purchaser at a forced sale did not acquire a good title, unless the formalities prescribed by law for the alienation of property were observed.
2. A purchaser of property from an executor of a will of one date, who has at the time strong reasons to believe, and had recently declared solemnly that he did believe that a later will with different executors and different dispositions of property had been made, is not protected from liability to the parties interested under such later will, if established and received to probate, by the fact that the executor of the first will made the sale under order of court having jurisdiction of such things. He purchases at the risk of the later will's being found, or proved and established.
3. If the later will is found, it relates back as against such a purchaser, and affects him with notice of its existence and contents as of the time when he purchased.
4. Facts stated which affect such a purchaser with notice.
As we have mentioned in the preceding case, Daniel Clark died on the 16th day of August, 1813, and his last will not being fbund, letters testamentary on the will of 1811 were granted to Richard Relf, who remained sole executor until 21st of January, 1814, when Beverly Chew was included in the trust. Do la Croix made two purchases of slaves of Reif while thus acting as sole executor. The first purchase was on the 16th of October, 1813. and the last on the 11th of December, 1813

