CASES
ARGUED AND ADJUDGED
OFI
THE UNITED STATES,
DECEMBER TERMS, 1868 AND 1869.
REPORTED BY
JORN WILLIAM WALLACE.
VOL. VIII.
WASHLINGTON, D.C.: W. H. & 0. 11. MORRISON,
1870.

Entered, according to Act of Congress, in the year 1870, By V H. & 0. H. MORRISON,
In the Offi-e of the Librarian of Congress, in Washington.

JUDGES
OF THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
DURING THE TIME OF THESE REPORTS.

CHIEF JUSTICE.
HON. SALMON PORTLAND CHASE.

ASSOCIATES.

HON. SAMUEL NELSON,

HON. ROEERT COOPER GRIER

HON. NATHAN CLIFFORD, HON. NOAH H. SWAYNE,

HON. SAMUEL F. MILLER, HON. DAVID DAVIS,

HON. STEPHEN J. FIELD.

ATTORNEY-GENERAL. HON. EBENEZER IROCKWOOD HOAR.

CLERK. DANIEL WESLEY MIDDLETON, ESQUIRE.

, (iii)

ALLOTMENT, ETC., OF THE JUDGES
OP THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
As MADE JANUARY 15, 1869, UNDER THE ACTS OF CONGRESS OF JULY 23, 18661
AND MAnCH 2, 1867.

NAME OP THE JUDGE, AND STATE NUMBER AND TERRIT RY OF THE DATE AND AUTHOR OP THEJUDO

WHENCE COMING.

CIRCUIT.

COMMISSION.

CHIEF JUSTICE.
HoN. S. P. CHASE, Ohio.

FOURTH.
MARYLAND, WEST VIRGINIA, VIRGINIA, NORTH CAROLINA, AND SOUTH CAROLINA.

1864. December 6th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN,

ASSOCIATES.

SECOND.

HoN. SAML. NELSON, NEW YORK, VERMONT.

New York.

AND CONNECTICUT.

1845. February 14th.
PRESIDENT TYLER.

HON. R. C. GRIER, Pennsylvania.

THIRD. PENNSYLVANIA, NEw JERt-
SEY, AND DELAWARE.

1846. August 4tb.
PRESIDENT POLK.

HON. N. CLIFFORD, Maine.

FIRST.
MAINE, NEW HAMPSHIRE. MASSACHUSETTS, AND RHODE ISLAND.

1858. January 12th.
PRESIDENT BUCHANA]

HON. N. H. SWAYNE, Ohio.

.0

FIFTH.

GEORGIA, FLORIDA, ALABAMA, MISSISSIPPI, LouISIANA, AND TEXAS.

1862. January 24th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN

SIXTH.
OHIO, MICHIGAN, KENTUCKY, AND TENNESSEE.

HoN. S. F. MILLER, Iowa.

EIGHTH.
MINNESOTA, IOWA, SOURI, KANSAS, ARKANSAS.

MISAND

1862. July 16th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN

SEVENTH.

Hox. DAVID DAVIS, INDIANA, ILLINOIS, AND

Illinois.

WISCONSIN.

1862. December 8th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN

HoN. S. J. FIELD,' California.

NIINTH.
CALIFORNIA, OREGONAND NEVADA.

1863. March loth.
PRESIDENT LINCOLM

(v)

TABLE OF CASES.

Z tna Company, Aldrich v. Aldrich v. JEtna Company,. Allen v. Killinger, Alviso v. United States, Avendano v. Gay,

Baltimore, The, . Bank, Chicopee, v. Philadelphia Bank, Bennet v. Fowler, Blanchard v. Putnam, Bradley v. Rhine's Administrators, Broderick's Executor v. Magraw, Bronson v. Kimpton, . Butz v. City of Muscatine,.

Camanche, The,

Carpenter v. Dexter, .

Carroll, The,

.

Chicopee Bank v. Philadelphia

Chouteau; Gibson v.

Churchill, Kempner v.

City of Muscatine, Butz v.

Clark v. Reyburn,

Cotton, Morris's,

Bank,

Dean, Memphis City v.

@

De La Ronde, Patterson v..

@

Dexter, Carpenter v.

@

Drakely v. Gregg,

@

Q

Drehman v. Stifle,

PAGE
491 491 480 337 376
(xxvii

TABLE OF CASES.

PAGS

Eagle, The, .

15

-Exparte Yerger, .

85

Express Company v. Kountze Brothers,

342

Fenno, Veazie Bank v.

533

Fowler, Bennet v.

445

Franklin, The Lady,

325

Freer, Seymour v.

202

Furman v. Nichol,

44

Gay, Avendano v.

376

Gibbons v. United States,

269

Gibson v. Chouteau,

314

Gibson and others, Kennedy v.

498

Gilbert & Secor v. United States,

358

Gilmore, United States v.

330

Gregg, Drakely v.

242

Griswold, Hepburn v..

603

Heft, Wood Paper Company v..

333

Hepburn v. Griswold, .

603

Hinson v. Lott,

148

Home of the Friendless v. Rouse,

430

Hudson Canal Company v. Pennsylvania Coal Company,. 276

Insurance Company v. Mosley, .

397

Kempner v. Churchill,.

362

Kennedy v. Gibson and others,

498

Killin, r, Allen v.

480

Kimpton, Bronson v..

444

Kountze Brothers, Express Company v.

342

Lady Franklin, The Lane, United States v. Legal Tender Case (Hepburn v. Griswold),
Lockwood, Morey v. Lott, Ilinson v.
Lucy, The,
McKee v. United States,

325 185 603 230 148 307
.163

TABLE OF CASES.

MeVeigh v. United States, Magraw, Broderick's Executor v. Maguire v. Tyler, Mandelbaum v. The People, Martin, Young v.. Mattingly v. Nye, Mayor, The, Waring v. Memphis City v. Dean, Mills v. Smith, Mohawk, Propeller, Morey v. Lockwood, Morris's Cotton, . Mosley, Insurance Company v. Muscatine, City of, Butz v...

PAGE

. 640

639

650

310

354

370

110

64

*

.

27

153

230

507

397

575

Nailor v. Williams,

107

Nichol, Furman v.

44

Nye, Mattingly v.

370

Parham, Woodruff v. . . . . . . . . 123

Parrish et al. v. United States,.

d

489

Patterson v. De La Ronde, .

292

Paul v. Virginia,.

168

Pennsylvania Coal Company, Hudson Canal Company v.. 276

People, The, Mandelbaum v.

.

310

Philadelphia Bank, Chicopee Bank v.

.

641

Potomac, The,

.

590

Propeller Mohawk,

.

.

153

Putnam, Blanchard v..

.

420

Reeside v. United States,

38

Reyburn, Clark v.

318

Rhine's Administrators, Bradley v.

393

Rouse, Home of the Friendless v.

430

c The Washington University v.

439

Seymour v. Freer, Smith, Mills v.
c Thorington v.. " United States v.
Speed, United States v.

*
* @ @

*

202

27 .* 2

587 · 77

TABLE OF CASES.

Stansbury v. United States, Stifle, Drehman v.

Ttyloe, Willard v. The Baltimore,
Camanche, Carroll,. City of Muscatine v. Butz, Eagle,. Lady Franklin, Lucy, Mayor, Waring v. People, Mandelbaum v. Potomac, Propeller Mohawk, Washington University v. Rouse,

Thorington v. Smith, Tyler, -Maguire v.

United States, Alviso v.

Gibbons v.

94

Gilbert & Secor v.

v. Gilmore,

v. Lane,

'C

McKee v.

McVeigh v.

'C

Parrish et al. v.

Reeside v.

v. Smith,

v. Speed,

Stansbury v.

Veazie Bank v. Fenno, Virginia, Paul v..

Waring v. The Mayor, Washington University, The, v. Rouse, -Willard v. Tayloe, Williams, Nailor v.

PAGE
. 33 595
61 * 650
533 168

TABLE OF CASES.
Wood Paper Company v. Heft, Woodruff v. Parham, .
Yerger, Ex parte, Young v. Martin,

*

.

PAGE
333 123
85 354

MEMORANDA.
RESIGNATION OF MR. JUSTICE GRIER.
ON the 31st day of January, 1870, M1r. Justice GRimt sat for the last Lime upon this bench. Ile was appointed to it on the 4th day of August, 1846. Possessed, until within three years ago, of health so remarkable as that from the time of first taking his seat, he was never absent from the court, he found himself, in the summer of 1867, without pain, and almost without consciousness of any shock, when attempting to rise from his seat, largely deprived of power of using his lower limbs. Partial paralysis had impaired his ability to move them with strengtn, and to depend upon them. While not affecting the brain at all, or the muscles of the upper part of his frame, it was observed by him at a later date, that the shock did affect his power to use his hand in writing, and to consult with facility the heavy books of the law. And having now attained to the age of seventy-six years, and discharged judicial duty for nearly forty, be deemed it proper, in view of these increasing physical infirmities, to inform the President of his wish to retire from the bench. The President was good enough most kindly to receive his resignation, and to address to him a letter, as follows:
:Exxo'ii iiLAxScOx :December 15th, 1889. To the Hon. ROBERT C. GiER.1
Sin. Your letter containing the tender of the resignation of your office of Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, to take effect on the 1st day of February next, has been received by me to-day, and your resignation is accordingly accepted, to take effect on that date.
I sincerely regret the increasing physical infirmities which induce you to retire from the bench, and with the assurance of my personal sympathy and respect, desire also to express my sense of the ability and uprightness with which your judicial duties have been performed.
In looking upon your long and honorable career in the public service, it must be especially gratifying to yourself to remember, as it is my agreeable diuty and privilege on this occasion thus distinctly to recognize, the great
( vii )

MEMORANDA.

service which you were able to render to vour country in the darkest hour of her history by the vigor and patriotic firmness with which you upheld the just powers of the Government, and vindicated the right of the nation under the Constitution to maintain its own existence.
With the hope that your retirement may be cheered by the knowledge of public gratitude, as well as by private affection,
I remain, very respectfully yours, U. S. GRANT.

Upon the adjournment of the court, on the day when Mr Justice GRIER last sat with it, and after his return to his own resi-

dence, his brethren waited upon him there in a body, to express their assurances of gratitude for his services, veneration for his character, and best wishes for his happiness. This was done in the form of a letter, signed by the entire bench, and read to him by the Chief Justice. The letter was as fbllows:

SUPREnE COURT ROOM,

WASHINGTON, January 31st, 1870.

DEAR BROTHER: Your term ofjudicial service as ajustice of the Supreme

Court of the United States, will close to-day by your resignation. We cannot permit an event so interesting to pass without expressing to you something of the feeling which it excites in us for some of us have been long associated with you, and, though the association of others has been for briefer periods, we all honor and love you.
Almost a quarter of a century ago you brought to the labors of the court a mind of great original vigor, endowed with singular powers of apprehen-

sion and discrimination, enriched by profound knowledge of the law, and prepared for the new work before you by large experience in a tribunal of which you were the sole judge.
Already you possessed the esteem, the respect, and the entire confidence

of the bar and the suitors who frequented your court, and of the people among whom you administered justice.
Transferred to a more conspicuous position, you won larger honors. The

sentiments of the profession and of the people of a single city and State became the sentiments of the American bar and of the whole country.
We who have been neares to you, best know how valid is your title to this consideration and affection. With an almost intuitive perception of the right, with an energetic detestation of wrong, with a positive enthusiasm for justice, with a broad and comprehensive understanding of legal and equitable principles, you have ever contributed your full share to the discussion and settlement of the numerous, and often perplexing, questions which

duty has required us to investigate and determine. This aid we gratefully acknowledge, and can never forget.

Nor can we

ever cease toremember the considerate magnanimity with which you have often recalled or modified expressions of which your own reflections have

disapproved us likely to wound, unnecessarily, the sensibilities of your brethren of the bench or the bar.

MEMORANDA.

Your eminent services as a judge command our respect and gratitude; your magnanimity and kindness as a man, in our official and personal intercourse, have drawn to you, irresistibly, our veneration and love.
We deeply lament that infirmities, incident to advancing years, constrain you to retire from the post you have so long and so honorably filled. But, though you will no longer actually participate in our labors here, we trust that you will still be with us in spirit and sympathy. We shall still seek aid from your counsels; we shall still look for gratification from your society. May you live many years to give us both I May every earthly blessing cheer, and the assured hope of a blessed immortality, through Christ, our Saviour, brighten each year with ever increasing radiance!
With warm affection and profound respect, we remain your brethren of the bench,

SALMON P CHASE, Chief Justice. SAMUEL NELSON, Associate Justice.

NATHAN CLIFFORD, 14

NOAH H. SwAYNE,

"1

SAMUEL F MILLER, cc

DAVID DAVIS,

cc

STEPHEN J. FIELD, cc
The Hon. ROBERT C. GRIER, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.

The Chief Sustice was sensibly affected during the reading of this letter, and his associates as well. IMfr. Justice GRIER was even more so. Thanking them for their great kindness, he received the letter from the hands of the Chief Justice, and promised to acknowledge it in writing on the next day On the next day, before the opening of the court, he transmitted to the Chief Justice his autograph reply, as fbllows:

WASIaNToN-, February 1st, 1870.

To the Hon. SALMON P. CHASE, Chief Justice, the Hon. SAMUEL NELSOx, and others, Associate Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States.

MY DEAR BRETHREN- Your letter, read to me by the Chief Justice last

evening, quite -overcame me, and I could then make no reply. I promised

to respond in writing.

My pen, even now, cannot express the profound emotions it awakened,

sentiments of esteem and affection toward each one of you, sentiments of

regret, not unmingled, I trust, with resignation that increasing infirmities

have compelled our separation, and sentiments of gratitude for such a testi-

monial from my brethren at the close of my long term of service.

In my home in Per ylvania, whether life be long or short, you may rest

assured I shall always cherish for each of you warm affection and sympathy.

That God's blessing may rest upon the Supreme Court of the United States

and upon each of its members, is the fervent prayer of your late associate

and brother,

R. C. GRI ER.

MEMORANDA.

The Chief Justice, on the court's coming in, upon the 1st of February, mentioned the interesting proceeding and correspondence which had taken place, and stated that without reading the letters, the court would order both to be entered on the record. And they are so entered.
On the morning previous to Mr. Justice GRrER'S retirement, the following letter from the bar was delivered to him by a committee of its members

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C., January 30th, 1870. To the Hon. ROBERT CooPER GRiER,
Associate Justice of the Supreme Cour" of the United States.
DEAR SiR. As members of the bar of the United States, and particularly as ir embers, nearly every oDe of us, of the bar of its Supreme Court, we cannot permit you to retire from the tribunal which you are about to leave, without expressing our deep regret that the condition of your health makes it, in your opinion, a duty to do so, and our sense of the great loss which the bar, the court, and the country will sustain.
During the twenty-three years that you have been a member of the Supreme Court of the United States, your learning and ability have given, if possible, additional authority to its judgments, and illustrated your eminent fitness for the high office which you occupied.
It is our earnest and affectionate wish that your life, with health improved by cessation from your arduous labor, may be greatly prolonged, and that your mental powers in all their vigor may remain unclouded to the last.
We remain, with the highest respect, Dear Sir,
Sincerely your friends,

THOMAS EWING (Ohmo), HENRY STANBERY (Ohio), W M. MEREDITH (Pa.), REVERDY JOHNSON (Md.), OLIVER P. MORTON (Ind.), R. 11. DANA. JR. (Mass.),

B. I. CURTIS (Mass.),

B. H. BREWSTER (Pa.), SIDNEY BARTLETT (MaSS.),

LuKE P. POLAND (Vt.), A. G. THURMAN (Ohio), G~e. S. BOUiTWELL (MaSS.),

M. H. CARPENTER (Wis.), T. F BAYARD (Del.), J. HURLEY AsaRoN (Pa.), E. CASSERLY (Cal.),

CAUSTEN BROWNE (Mass.),
H. W PAINE (Mass.),

M. BLAIR (MO.),

Taos. J. DURANT (La.), J. G. ABBOTT (Mass.),

G. WT PASCHALL (Texas), R. D. HUBBARD (Conn.), BENJ. F. BUTLER (Mass.),

LYsIAN TRUMiBULL (Il1.), E. W. STOUGHTON (N. Y.), W A. FIELD (Mass.),

H. L. DAWES (Mass.),

WARD H. LAMMION(I1.), F. F HEARD (31ass.),

GEO. r. EDIUNDS (Vt.), BENJ. V ABBOTT (N. Y.), ED. H. BENNETT (Mass.),

Wsr. M. EVARTS (N. Y.), J. R. DOOLITTLE (Wis.), BENJ. F TiOuAS (Mass.),

F A. Dici (Mo.),

SAML W FULLER (Ill.), C. N. POTTER (N. Y.),

ORVILLE HORWITZ (Md.), V D. DAVIDGE (D. C ),

D. W VOORHEEs (Ind.), HENRY WHARTON (Pa.),

GEO. M. RoBESON (N. J.), JAMES A. GARFIELD (Ohio),

JOHN WM. WALLACE (Pa.), E. C. BENEDICT (N. Y.), R. W GREEN (R. I.),

Wsr. E. CURTIS (N. Y.), 0. VANSANTVOORD (N. Y.), C. S. BRADLEY (R. I.),

CHAS. A. ELDRIDGE (Wis.), H. M. WATTS (Pa.),

ABRAIIAM PAYNE (R. I.).

GEO. W WOODWARD (Pa.), V T. OTTO (Ind.).

GEO. 11. BROWNE (R. I.),

S S. MARSHALL (Ill.),

S. S. FISHER (Ohio),

BENJ. F TnURSTON (R. I.),

JOaN A. WILLS (D. C.), R. M. CORWINE (Ohio),

P MCCALL (Pa.), C. INGERSOLL (Pa.),

W B. LAWRENCE (R. I.), Taos. A. JENC.ES (R. I.)

MEMORANDA.

Mi. C. KERR (Ind.),

ELI K. PRICE (Pa.),

JAMES H. PARSONS (R.L),

WN. M. STEWART (Nov.), GEORGE W BIDDLE (Pa.), ROBERT MCKNIGHT (Pa.),

N. P. CHiPMAN (Iowa),
XVM. LOUGERIDGE (Iowa),
Jos. H. BRADLEY (D. C.),

EDWARD SHIPPEN (Pa.),
W M. TILGHMAN (Pa.), W H. RAWLE (Pa.),

T. M. MARSHALL (Pa.), GEORGE SHIRAS, JR. (Pa.), ROBERT WOODS (Pa.),

WILLIAM GREEN (Va.),

CRAIG BIDDLE (Pa.),

JOHN P. PENNEY (Pa.),

WILLIAM F. JOYNES (Va.), EDWARD Or.MSTEAD (Pa.), JOHN H. HAMPTON (Pa.),

R. M. HETERICK (Va.), JAMES T. MITCHELL (Pa)., JAMES K. KERR (Pa.),

IV A. MAURY (Va.),

Ho. G. JONES (Pa.)

HILL BURGWIN (Pa.),

W H. MACPARLAND (Va.), W H. RUDDIMAN (Pa.), W BAKEWELL (Pa.),

L. R. PAGE (Va.),

WM. D. KELLEY (Pa.), WILLIAM SCHLEY (Md.),

S. A. GOODWIN (Ill.),

EDWARD E. LAW (Pa.). R. J. BRENT (Md.),

I. W ARNOLD (Ill.),

DAvID PAUL BROWN (Pa.), GEORGE W DOBBIN (Md.),

C. BECKWITH (Ill.),

ISAAC HAZLEHURST (Pa.), A. W. MACHEN (Md.),

H. G. MILLER (Ill.), S. B. GOOKINS (Ill.),

A. J. FISH (Pa.),

WILLIAM F. GILES (Md.)

HENRY FLANDERS (Pa.), JOHN H. THOMAS (Md.),

T. LYLE DICKEIr (Ill.), F. C. BREWSTER (Pa-), GEORGE M. GILL (Md.),

ROBERT S. HALE (N. Y.), FRANCIS JORDAN (Pa.),

F. WV BRUNE (Md.),

AMASA J. PARKER (N. Y.), F. C. BRIGHTLY (Pa.), TROS. DONALDSON (Md.),

D. WRIGHT (N. Y.),

LEONARD MYERS (Pa.), JOHN H. B. LATROBE (Nd.),

J. S. BLACK (Pa.),

M. W ACHESON (Pa.),

J. NEVETT STEELE (Md.),

J. M. CARLISLE (D. C.), H. B. WILKINS (Pa.),

WE. HY. NORRIS (Md.),

C. CUSHING (Mass.),

JAMES VEECH (Pa.),

S. TEAKLE WALLIS (Md.),

GEORGE HARDING (Pa.), SAM. A. PURVIANCE (Pa.), GE0. WE. BROWN (Md.),

P. PHILLIPS (D. C.),

THOMAS MCCONNELL (Pa.), SAMUEL TYLER (Nd.).

V. L. SHARKEY (Miss.), E. C. LARNED (Ill),

JAMES J. KunN (Pa.),

P. VREDENBURGH (N. J.),

T. P. CARPENTER (N. J.), B. WILLIAMSON (N. J.),

EDWARD LANDER (D.C.), F. FRELYNGHUYSEN (N.J.), J. W SCUDDER (N. J.),

WILLIAM JOHNSTON (D.C.), CORTLAND PARKER (N. J.), P. D. VRoM (N. Y.),

HORACE MAYNARD(Ton.), T. D. LINCOLN (Ohio),

Jos. P. BRADLEY (N. J.).

To this letter Mr. Justice GRIER was pleased to return an acknowledgment, as follows
CARROLL ROW, WASHINGTON, February 2d, 1870.
GENTLEMEN" I am otliged to you for the expressions contained in your letter.
It has been the privilege of the Supreme Court of the United States to have had, from the organization of the Federal Government, an able and learned bar. That privilege, conspicuous during my term of office, and continuing to its close, happily survives it. May such a privilege never depart from that great court, nor from any court of our land I
A well-read and able bar must always exist if courts are themselves to be distinguished. No court has ever been greatly eminent without such a bar. The upright, fearless, able, and learned lawyer is as much a minister ofjustice as the court to which he speaks. And in the same degree in which there are such men to aid, enlighten, and inform the courts of any country, will that country have, in the main, ajurisprudence worthy of honor, with security in public and private right.
I shall retain a recollection, as long as I retain recollection at all, of the advantage and pleasure which, during my time upon the bench, I have de-

MEMORANDA.
rived from that learning and those abilities which have so well maintaied the earlier eminence of the bar of the Supreme Court, and a not less agreeable one, gentlemen, of that social intercourse with you, by which official and personal relations have been united in unbroken harmony
Official relation has ended I To a continuation of such personal intercourse as my now imperfect health allows, I look forward with hope and with satisfaction.
I remain, Gentlemen, with high respect, Your obliged friend, R. 0. GRiER.
To the Hon. THOMAs EwinG and others.
ROBEaRT COOPER GRIER was born M1arch 5th, 1794, in Cumber land County, Pennsylvania, where his father, the Rev Isaac Grier, at that time resided, his mother was the daughter of the Rev Robert Cooper, of the same county, both of the Presbyterian Church. His father removed from Cumberland toLycoming County, in the same State, in the autumn of 1794, where he bought a farm, and built a house on it, a little below the mouth of Pine Creek, on the west bank of the Susquehanna River. While resident there, he preached to three congregations, for a very small compensation, deriving the means of his support mainly from a grammar-school which he taught, and the proceeds of his farm. ie was a superior Greek and Latin scholar, and every way competent as an instructor in those languages. And his amiable and excellent character, his benevolence and faithfulness as a pastor, gained for him the affections of'all who knew him. Few men in a like sphere ha4 been more beloved, and the many excellencis of the father's character were not lost upon the son. The latter, at the age of six years, began to learn Latin under the instructions of his father, and, by the time he had reached his twelfth year, had mastered the usual course of Latin and Greek as they were then taught in ordinary schools. Ile continued his studies, under his father's direction, till 1811, when lie went to Dickinson College, at Carlisle, and entered the junior class half advanced. In the meantime, in
1806, his father had removed to Northumberland, Pennsylvania,
having been invited to take charge of the academy at that place, and there also lie served three congregations in his capacity of clergyman, but supporting his family mainly, as formerly, by the revenue derived from his labors as a teacher. His method

MEMORANDA.
of conducting the academy did honor to his talents. It grew under his care into a highly respectable establishment, and obtained a high character in that district of country This reputation, and the thoroughness of the course of instruction pursued, was the means of elevating the academy into a college, under an ample charter, with power to confer degrees in the usual form in like institutions. This enlargement called for more of the machinery of education than the institution had before possessed, and the library of the well-known Rev Dr. Joseph Priestley, originally of England, who had passed the latter part of his life in Northumberland, and not long before had died there, together with his philosophical apparatus, were procured for the college.
In the meantime, the subject of this notice continued at Dickinson College. His aptitude for the languages and early instruction had placed him far ahead of all competitors in that branch. He was so thoroughly master of the Latin that he could write it with facility Nor was he much less well acquainted with Greek. And, though indifferent to, and never troubling himself about college honors, his superior ability and acquirements were not questioned. His instructor in chemistry was Doctor Cooper, formerly a judge in the interior of Pennsylvania, then Professor of Chemistry in Dickinson College, and afterwards President of Columbia College, South Carolina, whither he had been invited by the State, and known throughout the country for his extensive literary and scientific attainments, and with whom our student was always a favorite. He graduated at Dickinson in 1812, but taught grammar-school in the college till 1813, when he returned to Northumberland to aid his father in his college duties, now become onerous by the addition of numerous students, and the increasing offices of the enlarged institution.
It is not perhaps surprising that with this early and thorough training in the languages, he should have never intermitted the study of them, and that at the present day he should continue to be, as for nearly fifty years he has been, a daily reader and very critical student of the New Testament in its original Greek.
Shortly after our young friend's return to Northumberland, his father's health began to fail. Disease continued to enfeeble and distress him up to the date of his death, which occurred in 1815. And few men have lived more beloved, or died more lamented.

MEMORANDA.
His virtues and many excellencies of character did not perish, they left their impress long on the community in which he had lived, and descended upon his son-a goodly inheritance, and one that passeth not away
The well-known acquirements of the son pointed to him, young as he then was (not twenty years of age), as the successor of the father, and he was accordingly, soon after the death of the former, appointed principal of the college, and in this new situation the extent and variety of his duties go to show how much may be accomplished where resolution and will are combined with ability He graduated the classes, delivered lectures on chemistry, taught astronomy and mathematics, Greek and Latin, and studied law, all at the same time.
His instructor in the law was Charles Hall, Esq., late of Sunbury, Northumberland County, a gentleman eminent in the profession, under whom he was admitted to the bar in 1817, and began practice in the same year.
Iis professional career, which proved very successful, began in Bloomsburg, Columbia County, Pennsylvania. There he continued, however, but a short time, for we find him settled in Danville, in the same county, in 1818. Here his practice rapidly increased, and was soon extended to four or five of the surrounding counties, and there he continued till 1833, when he was appointed by the governor of Pennsylvania, then Mr. Wolf, President Judge of the District Court of Alleghany County
And here it may not be improper to state certain events, very well known and justly appreciated in the place and neighborhood where they took place, and which evince the excellent qualities of heart of the subject of our note. At his father's death, he found himself the oldest of many brothers and sisters, including himself eleven in number, most of them young and helpless, and they, together with his widowed mother, were entirely dependent upon him for their support. Well and faithfully did he perform the duties that this condition of things called for. He possessed but little of this world's goods, but he had health, energy, talent, and a profession. He bent himself to the task, and with these materials, fairly brought into requisition under the guidance of a sound and affectionate heart and a willing mind, he overcame all difficulty His brothers were well and liberally educated, and settled in business or professions. His sisters lived with him till they were married, and his mother, till she died. As a son and brother, as well as in

MEMORANDA.
all subsequently formed domestic relations, he has been distinguished by the kindest and tenderest affections; and no man is more beloved by his family and friends. If it be true that the recollection of kind and benevolent actions warms the heart into peace with itself; then may our friend well rejoice in the past, and look to the future in the thankfulness of hope.
Returning to our narrative. His brothers and sisters being all settled in life, he married, in the year 1829, Miss Isabella Rose, the daughter of John Rose, Esq., a native of Scotland, who emigrated to this country in 1798. Mr. IRose had been admitted to the bar in Europe, but never practised, or sought practice here. He was a gentleman of education and accomplishments, and possessed of considerable estate. He bought a beautifully situated farm on the banks of the Lycoming Creek, then about two miles above Williamsport, in Lycoming County, upon which he resided till his death, and which, now on the very edges of that populous and increasing place, at present belongs to Judge Grier. This stream is celebrated for the fine trout with which it abounds, some distance from its mouth. And this we mention more particularly, as the Judge made for many years, and indeed until the infirmity which compelled his resignation obliged him to relinquish this gratification, an annual excursion to his farm and fishing-ground, to enjoy the pleasures of troutfishing. He early became a disciple of Isaac Walton. and was faithful to his preceptor to the last hour of his ability to wade through the clear waters of a fishing-brook. Nothing was suffered to interfere with this excursion, and when the month of June arrived, he was sure to find his way to the creek, with a few select companions, and all the necessary apparatus for catching and cooking his favorite fish, together with all manner of generous accompaniments to give zest to the luxury This fishing-ground is in the midst of the eastern ridges of the Alleghany Mountains, into which the stream penetrates, and until lately was surrounded with dense forests in their primitive state. The invigorating air of the woods, the beauty and wildness of the scenery, contrasted with that to which 'he was accustomed in the labors of the Bench and the Circuit, the continued 6xercise and pleasure of the sport, sometimes not without adventure, all had their charm. And the Judge used to return to his professional duties somewhat sunburned and weatherbeaten, but with recovered powers, and renovated frame, ready for another year of labor.

MEMORANDA.
His appointment to the District Court of Alleghany County was made May 4th, 1833. He removed to 'Pittsburg in October of the same year, residing in Alleghany City
On the 4th of August, 1846, lie was nominated one of theJustices of the Supreme Court of the United States, in the place of the Honorable Henry Baldwin, deceased, and was unanimously confirmed by the Senate the next day In 1848 he removed to Philadelphia, in which city he continues to reside.
The professional career of Judge Grier, while at the bar, was marked by high integrity of purpose and fidelity to his client, qualities not unusual in the profession, but with him there was a benevolence not so universal, and generosity towards those who sought his services with but limited means of remuneration, that procured him many clients of this description, and for many he went through with repeated and arduous conflicts,
without money In the conducting of his case, he was not apt to trouble him-
self' much about its mere technicalities, he regarded mainly the principles involved in it, and arguing it upon this basis, his views were clear and logical, and always delivered with great distinctness and force.
While presiding in the District Court at Pittsburg, he had the confidence of all the bar, which was one of the ablest in the State. There was a deference paid to his decisions highly honorable, and an attachment to himself personally, not often found to exist in the same degree between the bar and the bench. If the cause before him had merits, its advocate had nothing to fear, if doubtful, he was sure of a fair and candid hearing; but if without merits, or if tinctured with fraud, it behooved him to take care of it, for he was sure to receive neither aid nor quarter from the court.
With the jury, his charge was everything, they had entire confidence in his integrity and learning, and knew that he only aimed to arrive at justice. Their verdict was responsive to his instructions. And when exception was taken to his charge or opinion, nothing was withheld by selfish regard to pride of opinion, or petty doubt as to the unnecessary action of a higher tribunal. His view of the law was fairly stated, and sent up as delivered, without addition or diminution, upon its own merits to stand or fihll. Feeling the consciousness of power within himself, and loving justice above all things, he feared not, but rather desired the examination of his opinions by those who had

MEMORANDA.

the power, together with the responsibility, of sustaining or reversing them. Every judicial opinion affects the property, the reputation, or the person of some one, to a greater or less extent, and as a faithful judge, he rather rejoiced in the detection of his error, if there was one, than that it should be suffered to exist to the injury of another.
After the elevation of Judge Gricr to the Supreme Court, his judicial reputation soon became established throughout the country His opinions bear testimony to the correctness of the professional estimate of their value. With very little quotation. they show, not the less, extensive learning and research. A persevering seeking of the principle lies at the basis of the particular point under discussion-and this discovered, it is never lost sight of. They are confined, invariably, to the issues of the case. They contain no dicta. They form no essays. The conclusion arrived at is pronounced with the boldness of a fearless spirit, regardless of all consequences, save the one aim of bringing the truth to light, and giving effect to the law His arguments will stand the test of strict scrutiny They are always clear in their statements and course, marked, perhaps, more by the quality of strength, than by any effort after ornament, though by no means deficient in illustration, which was readily supplied by his well-stored mind. They are not much encumbered by exhibition of the details of mental process, and their freedom from citations, except of cases in courts of authority -chiefly the Supreme Court-has been remarked on by those acquainted with his habits, and who know that his reading was unintermitting, as it was also nearly universal. The observations made by a venerable and very eminent living lawyer of another great judge of Pennsylvania, long since departed, are entirely applicable to the subject of our sketch. "Those who study his opinions, while they may remark that he was unusually sparing of references to authority, will find that it was the result of selection and not of penury With the leading cases under every head-those which may be called 'the lighthouses of the law,' he was familiar, and knew their bearings upon every passage into this deeply indented territory, but for the minor points, the soundings that are marked so profusely upon modern charts of law, he trusted too much to the length and employment of his own line to oppress his memory with them."
A reportei, may be permitted to add that his opinions were

YOL. YIII.

B

MEMORANDA.
singularly capable, from their form, of being easily and effectively reported. By this is meant, that instead of setting out with the assumption or statement of principles of law, and then "working up" to them through the course of the opinion by the invocation or interpellation of the facts-thus presenting principles of law intertissued with details of fact through tLe whole texture of the opinion, and so-if the case has been already stated by the reporter, as it ought to be, in the opening of the report-making the opinion seem in a great degree a repetition of what the reader has just read, and if the case have not been so stated by the reporter, leaving the reader without anv conception of the facts except one argumentative in form, and neither consecutive, complete, nor clear-the opinions of the learned Judge we speak of cast themselves always in another mould. They proceed upon a case already completely conceived and arranged-a case which is sometimes written out by the Judge himself in the opening of the opinion for adoption by the reporter, and sometimes only mentally had by him, and left to the reporter to be gathered up and written out-and on that case, as presupposed and known, they enunciate in a form more or less apothegmatic and abstract, the principles of law which apply to the controversy
The form has nothing to do with the ability or merits of the opinion, for in both forms opinions of great ability and merit may be found. And in putting a case to ajury, or when writing on the circuit for a court below and for the parties only-where court and parties were already possessed of the case-the subject of our notice usually adopted the first as the proper one. But in writing for a court of last resort, where lie was to be reported, and where lie wrote for the law and for science as much as for a court below and for the parties to the controversy, he invariably used the last. And reporters know that it is the only form which they can handle so as to do credit either to themselves or the Bench.
In the case of such a person as we have attempted to describe, it will be readily believed that neither elevation to place nor retirement from it could work alteration in the MAN. The same modest worth that graced him in youth and early manhood, while he was yet unknown, continued to adorn him in riper years, distinguished by conspicuous positions. The same essen. tial dignity which marked him in office, belongs to him in retire

MEMORANDA.
ment from it. In all situations, the same kindness of disposition to all, the same attachment to friends, and affection for those dependent upon him, a lover of his country, and, by the very necessity of his nature, a religious man-long a member of the church in the principles of which he was educated, and some time participating in its government-but liberal in his views, regarding the spirit rather than the letter of his creed, happy in his domestic relations, in the attachment of many friends, and highly honored, as he is, by his country -his life affords an example of the triumph of right principles, unshrinking integrity, persevering industry, and fidelity to truth and to himself.

MEMORANDA.
DEATH OF THE HON. E. M. STANTON.
THE resignation of Mr. Justice GRIEr, already mentioned, having been accepted by the President, the Honorable EDWIN HACY STANTON was nominated by him to the Senate on the 20th of December, 1869, and immediately confirmed to fill the prospective vacancy Four days after this appointment Mr. Stanton departed this life, never having taken his seat upon the bench.
Mr. Stanton was born in Steubenville, Ohio, on December 19th, 1814. After graduating at Kenyon College, Gambier, Ohio, in 1834, he studied law, and began the practice of it at Cadiz, Ohio, where he soon acquired reputation for ability in the argument of questions of law before courts, as well as for his force, skill, and judgment in the trial of cases byjury He next removed to Steubenville, and in 1848, established himself at Pittsburg, Pennsyl. vania, practising in the courts of Pennsylvania and Ohio, and in the Supreme Court at Washington. At this time he came prominently before the public as counsel in the Wheeling Bridge case. In 1857, he removed to Washington, D. C., where his ability in the management of cases arising under the patent laws, brought to him constant and profitable practice. In the next year, he was sent by the Government of the United States to California, as special counsel to argue land cases involving the validity of grants from Mexico, and to look generally after the immense interests of the United States in lands acquired by the conquest and cession. Returning to Washington, he, was appointed, in December, 1860, Attorney-General, by Mr. Buchanan, insurrection throughout the South now being imminent. In this new position, lie was associated with the Honorable Joseph Holt, Secretary of War, and with General Dix, Secretary of the Treasury, and his sagacity and vigor, with that of the two eminent personsjust named, largely contributed to save the Government from the total ruin with which it was then menaced. He remained in the office of Attorney-General till March 4th, 1861, when, upon the accession of President Lincoln, he resumed the practice of the law But Mr. Stanton's great services in the critical times which immediately preceded that 4th of March, had already attracted the attention, and won the admiration of the new President,

MEMORANDA.
and, upon Mr. Cameron's retirement from the post of Secretary of War in President Lincoln's Cabinet, in January, 1862, about a month before the capture of Fort Donelson revived the drooping spirit of the North, Mr. Stanton was chosen to succeed him. He remained in this position until May, 1868, when he resigned. By his incessant and arduous mental and physical labors during the rebellion, Mir. Stanton seriously impaired his health, and retired, temporarily, from active life in order to recruit his shattered constitution. Recently, however, he had resumed the practice of law, and on December 20th, 1869, he was, as has been already stated, nominated by the President, and confirmed by the Senate, as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr. J ustice Grier, to take effect on February 1st, 1870.
He died December 24th, 1869, during a recess of the court. An official announcement of MNr Stanton's decease was thus made by President Grant.
"The painful duty devolves upon the President of announcing to the people of the United States the death of one of its most distinguished citizens and faithful servants, the Hon. EDwIN 31. STA.NTON, which occurred in this city at an early hour this morning. He was distinguished in the councils of the nation during the entire period of its recent struggle for national existence, first as Attorney-General, then as Secretary of War. He was unceasing in his labors, earnest and fearless in the assumption of the responsibilities necessary to his country's success, respected by all good men, and feared by wrongdoers. In his death the bar, the bench, and the nation sustain a great loss, which will be mourned by all."
A meeting of the members of the bar of the Supreme Court of the United States was held in the room of the court, in the Capitol, on the 13th day of January, 1870, when the Hon. George F Edmunds, of Vermont, was appointed chairman, and R. M. Corwine, of Ohio, secretary
The Attorney-General, J M. Carlisle, Esq., and the Hon. Robert S. Hale having been appointed a committee to draft and report resolutions, reported, at an adjourned meeting, on the 17th of January, these following, which were unanimously adopted
"EDwIN IM.STANTON, for many years a leading and honored member of this bar, formerly Attorney-General of the United States, and Secretary of War during the war for the preservation, of the Republic, recently nominated and confirmed to fill a prospective vacancy on the bench of the Su.

MEMORANDA.
preme Court of the United States, distinguished by his professional abilities and attainments, and still more distinguished and endeared to the country he contributed so greatly to save, by his energy, patriotism, and integrity, having, on the 24th day of December, 1869, laid down a life devoted to the cause of his country and worn out in her service, the members of the bar of the Supreme Court of the United States, assembled to render honor to his memory, as an expression of their regard and reverence for his public and private virtues, and of his most useful and patriotic career, have
"Resolved, That we desire to express our profound and thorough appreciation of the private worth and public merits of Mr. STANTON, of the loss sustained by the National Judiciary in his death, and of the measureless debt of gratitude due to him from the citizens of a country saved from destruction in great degree by his untiring labors, large comprehension, and unswerving integrity.
"Resolved, That the Attorney-General be requested to lay this expression of our feeling before the court, and to move that the same be entered upon the minutes of the term.
"'Resolved,That our chairman communicate a copy of these proceedings, and of such action as the court may take thereon, to the widow and children of our deceased brother, with the assurance of our sympathy and respect."
Upon the coming in of the court, on the morning of January 17th, 1870, to which day it had, previously to Mr. Stanton's death, adjourned, the Attorney-General addressed it as follows:
MIay it please your Honors.
Since your last adjournment, the emblems of public mourning have been again displayed in the Capitol of the nation, under circumstances which press upon the attention of this court with a peculiar and touching solemnity. A great man-great by the acknowledgment alike of those who feared or hated him, and of those by whom he was trusted and honored, a lawyer, a statesman, selected and confirmed, though not commissioned, as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States-has passed away from among us. EnWIN Al. STANTON, in the maturity of life, with a capacity for public service already demonstrated, in the security of established fame, seemed to our mortal vision about to enter upon a new and long career of honor and usefulness. But such was not the will of heaven. "Dis aliter vzsum."
It has seemed to his brethren of the bar a fit occasion to express their regard for his memory, and they have charged me with the official and grateful duty of presenting to your honors the resolutions which have been adopted at their meeting this morning.
Of Mr. STANTON as.a lawyer, it is enough to say that he had risen to the foremost rank in his profession. He had adequate learning, untiring industry, a ready and retentive memory, clear comprehension of principles, the power of profound and cogent reasoning, and unquestionable integrity; and lie gave to the cause of his clients a vigor, energy, and zeal which deserved and commanded success.

MEMORANDA.
But it is not of the lawyer, eminent as he was in the science and practice of the law, that men chieflv think as they remember him. His service to mankind was on a higher and wider field. He was appointed AttorneyGeneral by Mr. Buchanan, on the 20th of December, 1860, in one of the darkest hours of the country's history when the Union seemed crumbling to pieces without an arm raised for its support, when " without" the public counsels "was doubting, and within were fears;" when feebleness and treachery were uniting to yield whatever defiant rebellion might demand, and good men everywhere were ready to despair of the Republic. For ten weeks of that winter of national agony and shame, with patriotism that never wavered, and courage that never quailed, this true American, happily not wholly alone, stood manfully at his post, "between the living and the dead," gave what nerve he could to timid and trembling imbecility and met the secret plotters of their country's ruin with an undaunted front, until before that res-olute presence, the demons of treason and civil discord appeared in their own shape, as at the touch of ithuriel's spear. and fled baffled and howling away
His publislied opinions as Attorney-General fill but nine pages, but the name that wassigned to them had, in that brief time, become known throughout the land as the synonyme of truth, lionor, and fidelity
Although of a different political party, lie was called by 31r. Lincoln into his Cabinet, in 1862, as the Secretary of War. But it was at a time when all party divisions had become insignificant, and all party ties trivial, compared with those great duties which engrossed the thoughts and demanded the care of every patriot. He brought to his great trust a capacity for labor that seemed inexhaustible- unflinching courage, indomitable will, patience, and steady per-1,itence which no fatigue could weary and no mistakes or misfortunes divert, a trust in the people that never faltered, an integrity which corruption never dared to approach, and a singleness of purpose which nothing could withstand. That purpose was to crush the rebellion-and woe to that man who came, or teemed to come, between that purpose and
t
its executionI Coming from civil life, I suppose there is no sufficient evidence that lie was, or ever became, a master of the art of war, but the problem before him was to find those who were, and to bring all the resources of the country with unstinted measure to their support.
We niight address him as one of those
"Chief of men, who, through a cloud, Not of war only, but detractions rude, Guided by faith and matchless fortitude, To peace and truth thy glorious way has plowed."
Ulndoubtedly lie had faults and failings. He was said to be despotic and overbearing, and lie may have been sometimes unjust, but bis work was done in a time when there was little chance for deliberation, and when
the weightier matters of the law " left no time for ' tithing mint and anise and cummin." He felt that the life of the nation was in his hands, and, under that fearful responsibility le could not always adjust with delicate hand, the balance of private rights an wrongs. It is said that iis manners were sometimes discourteous and offensive. Who can wonder that that wea-

MEMORANDA.
ried and overburdened man, with such pressure on brain and nerve, was sometimes irritable and unceremonious in his intercourse with shirking officers and peculating contractors, and the crowd of hungry cormorants and interminable bores who perpetually sought access to him, and sometimes confounded with such, those who deserved better treatment? But theAmerican people knew that he was honest, able, and faithful. He never stopped for explanation, or condescended to exculpate himself.
I have thought it one of the highest and finest traits of his character, that he bore in grim silence all accusations, and stood manfully between his chief and popular censure for acts which he had neither originated nor approved. It was perhaps the highest triumph of his official career, and the final proof of how justly his confidence in his countrymen was bestowed, that he conducted and carried through the military draft-that severest trial to a free people-when the country, in the time of her direst need, ceasing to entreat, commands the services of her sons. He had his reward, and, like the President whom he served-
"Ill thought, ill feeling, ill report lived through, Until he heard the hisses changed to cheers, The taunts to tribute, the abuse to praise, And heard them with the same unwavering mind."
He saw the rebellion crushed and the integrity of the nation vindicated. The people, who had learned to know that he was a tower of strength in the time of civil war, who had felt that their cause would never be abandoned or betrayed by him, and to whom his presence in office gave a sense of protection and security, have hailed with joy the prospect which so lately opened of transferring him to a new post of duty in this high tribunal. They knew that the statesman who had found in the Constitution all the powers necessary for its own maintenance, would, as a jurist, not fail to find there all the powers needful for the protection, throughout the entire country, of that civil liberty which it was ordained to secure. But he was already worn out in their service, and gave his life for them as truly as any one who ever perilled it on the field of battle.
Mr. Chief Justice, the lesson of this life is a lofty one. The time is soon coming when men will recognize the high natures who, in this period of civil strife, have arisen above the ordinary level of mankind, and are entitled to their gratitude and honor. Upon those towering peaks in the landscape, the eye will no longer discern the little inequalities and roughnesses of surface. Already upon the canvas of history some figures are beginning to emerge. They are not those of self-seekers, or of those who were greedy of power or place, but of the men who, in the time of public trial and public danger, with none but public objects, have done much for their country and mankind. Among these can his contemporaries fail to discern-will not posterity surely recognize-the lineaments of EDWIN M1. STANTON? A restored country is his monument.
"Nothing can cover his high fame but Heaven! No pyramids set off his memories But the eternal substance of his greatness, To which I leave him."

MEMORANDA.
Mr. Attorney-General then submitted the proceedings of the meeting of the bar, as already given, and moved, in accordance with one of their resolutions, that they should be entered upon the minutes of the term.
The Chief Justice said in reply
The court unites with the bar in acknowledging the private worth, the professional eminence, and the illustrious public services of Mr. STANTON , and in the sorrow that the country has been deprived, by his premature decease, of the great benefits justly expected from his remarkable attainments and abilities in the new sphere of duty to which be had been called.
We all anticipated, from his accession to the bench, increased strength for the court and most efficient aid in its deliberations and decision. We indulged the hope that his health, impaired by oppressive anxieties and arduous labors us the head of the Department of War, would be fully restored under the influence of the calmer and more regular course of this tribunal, and that prolonged life would afford him many opportunities of establishing additional claims upon the gratitude and honor of his country in the upright performance of judicial duty.
But Providence has ordered otherwise. He was not even permitted to become in fact a member of this court. He had hardly been nominated and confirmed to fill the vacancy which will occur at few days hence, through the prospective resignation of our honored brother Mr. Justice GRIER, when death entered upon the scene and closed his earthly career.
Our deepest sympathies are with lis family and friends in their bereavement. We mourn their loss as our own loss, as the loss of the profession which lie adorned, and of the country which lie served.
The proceedings of the bar, the address of the Attorney-General, and this response, will be entered upon the minutes, and, as a further mark of respect, the court will now adjourn without transacting any business.
The court thereupon adjourned.

INDEX.

ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF DEEDS. See Illinois. 1. In aid of the certificate of acknowledgment, or proof of a deed, reference may be had to the instrument itself, or to any part of it. Carpenter v. Dexter, 513. 2. It will be presumed that a commissioner of deeds, in a particular State, whose authority to act was limited only to his county, exercised his
office within the territorial limits for which he was appointed, although the only venue given to his certificate of acknowledgment be that of the "State" where he lived. Ib. 3.If such were not the presumption, the defect was held in this particular to be supplied in this case by reference to the deed and the previous certificate of acknowledgment by the same person; in the first of which the grantor designated the county in which he had affixed his hand and seal to the instrument, and in the second of which-the
county was given in its venue. Ib. 4. When a deed showed that one Wooster was a subscribing witness with
the officer, and the certificate of proof given by the officer stated that "Wooster, one of the subscribing witnesses," to the officer known, came before him, and being sworn, said, that he saw the grantor execute and acknowledge the deed; Held, that there was a substantial compliance with the statute, requiring the officer to certify that he knew the affiant to be a subscribing witness. lb. 6. Unless the statute of a State requires evidence of official character to accompany the official act which it authorizes, none is necessary. And where one State recognizes acts dons in pursuance of the laws of another State, its courts will take judicial cognizance of those laws, so far as it may be necessary to determine the validity of the acts alleged to be in conformity with them. 1b.

ADMIRALTY. See Pleading,7, 8; Practice,15, 16. 1. The District Courts of the United States, upon which admiralty jurisdiction was exclusively conferred by the Judiciary Act of 1789, can take cognizance of all civil causes of such jurisdiction upon the lakes and waters connecting them, the same as upon the high seas, bays, and rivers navigable from the sea. The Eagle, 15.
2. The clause (italicized in the lines below) in the ninth section of the Judiciary Act of 1789, which confers exclusive original cognizance of all civil causes of admiralty jurisdiction upon the District Courts, " including all seizures under laws of impost, navigation, or trade of the UnitedSlates,where the seizures are made on waterswhi It arenavigable from the sea by vessels of ten or more tons burden,within theirrespective

VOL. VIII.

43

( 673 )

6tia

INDEX.

ADMIRALTY (continued). districts,as well as upon the high seas," is inoperative since the deci, ion (A D. 1851) in the Genesee Chief (12 Howard, 443), which decided that admiralty jurisdiction was not limited in this country to tide waters, but extended to the lakes and the waters connecting them. The Eagle, 15.
3. Nautical rules require, that where a steamship and sailing vessel are approaching from opposite directions, or on intersecting lines, the steamship, from the moment the sailing vessel is seen, shall watch with the highest diligence her course and movements, so as to be able to adopt such timely measures of precaution as will necessarily prevent the two boats coming in contact. The Carroll,302.
4. Porting the helm a point, when the light of a sailing vessel is first observed, and then waiting until a collision is imminent, before doing anything further, does not satisfy the requirements of the law. lb.
5. Fault on the part of the sailing vessel at the moment preceding collision does not absolve a steamer which has suffered herself and a sailing vessel to get in such dangerous proximity, as to cause inevitable alarm and confusion, and collision as a consequence. The steamer, as having com mitted a far greater fault in allowing such proximity to be brought about, is chargeable with all the damages resulting from the collision. lb.
6. Although the duty of vessels propelled by steam is to keep clear of those moved by wind, yet these latter must not, by changing their course instead of keeping on it, put themselves carelessly in the way of the former, and so render ineffective their movements to give the sailing vessels sufficient berth. The Potomac, 590.
7. The confessions of a master, in a case of collision, are evidence against the owner. 1b.
8. .Restitutioin integrum is the leading maxim as to the measure of damages in cases of libel in admiralty, for injury to vessels, for collision. In other words, where repairs are practicable, the general rule is, that the damages shall be sufficieat to restore the injured vessel to the condition in which she was at the time the collision occurred. And this rule does not allow dwduction, as in insurance cases, for the new materials furnished in the place of the old. The Baltimore, 377.
9. Although, if a vessel be sunk by collision in so deep water, or otherwise so sunk, that she cannot be.aised and repaired, except at an expense equal to or greater than the sum which she would be worth when repaired, the rule cannot apply, still the mere fact that a vessel is stink is not, of itself, sufficient to show that the loss is total, nor to justify the master and owner in abandoning her and her cargo. lb.
BILL OF ATTAINDER. See ConstitutionalLaw, 14.
BILL OF EXCHANGE. See Negotiable Paper.
BILL OF EXCEPTION. See Practice,2, 3. Unless exceptions be drawn up so as to present distinctly the ruling of the court upon the points raised, and unless signed and sealed by the pre-

INDEX.

675

BILL OF EXCEPTION (continued). siding judge, they cannot be considered by an appellate ccurt. v. Martin, 354.

Young

BILL OF IDADING. 1. May be explained by parol evidence in so far as it is a receipt, as distinguished from a contract. The Lady Franklin,325. 2. One given by a person who was agent of several vessels all alike engaged in transporting goods brought to certain waters by a railway line, but having separate owners, and not connected by any joint undertaking to be responsible for one another's breaches of contractthe bill, through mistake of the agent, acknowledging that certain goods had been shipped on the vessel A., when, in fact, they had been previously shipped on vessel B., and a bill of lading given accordingly-will not make the vessel A. responsible, the goods having been lost by the yessel B., and the suit being one by shippers of the merchandise against the owner of the vessel A., and the case being thus unembarrassed by any question of a bonafide purchase on the strength
of the bill of lading. 1b. 3. An explosion of the boiler on a steam vessel is not a "peril of naviga-
tion" within the meaning of. PropellerMohawk, 153.

BURDEN OF PROOF. 1. In a suit brought by the assignee of a chbse in action in the Federal court on a contract assigned, the burden of proof is on the plaintiff, when the instruments and assignment are offered under the plea of the general issue, to show affirmatively that the action could have been sustained if it had been brought by the original obligee. Bradley v. Rhine's Administrator,393. 2. A court having fairly submitted to a jury, the evidence in a case, and charged as favorably to a party, as he could properly have asked, may, in the exercise of its discretion, refuse a request by that party to charge as to which side the burden of proof belongs. Chicopee Bank v. PhiladelphiaBank, 641.

CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS. 1. Where a Mexican grantof land in California designates the land granted by a particular name, and specifies the quantity, but does not give any boundaries, the grantee is entitled to the quantity specified within the limits of his settlement and possession, if that amount can be obtained
without encroachment upon the prior rights of adjoining proprietors. Alviso v. United States, 337. 2. When the evidence upon a boundary line, between two Mexican grants, is conflicting and irreconcilable, this court will not interfere with the
decision of the court below. Ib. 3. Parties not claiming under the United States, who are allowed to in-
tervene in proceedings of the District Court to correct surveys of Mexican land grants in California, under the act of June 14th, 1860. must claim under cessions of the former Mexican government. The order of the District Court, allowing a party thus claiming to intervene, is a determination that he possesses such interest derived from

676

INDEX.

CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS (continued). that government as to entitle him to contest the survey; and objection to his intervention, on the ground that he possesses no such interest, cannot be taken for the first time in this court. 1b.
4. The United States cannot object to the correctness of a boundary line in an approved survey, if they have not appealed from the decree approving the survey. Ib.
CHAMPERTY. The court expresses its satisfaction that it could, in accordance with principles of law, decide against a party who had bought, and was prosecuting a claim that the original party was not, himself, willing to prosecute. -It characterizes such a plaintiff as "a volunteer in a speculation." Propeller Mohawk, 154.
COLLISION. See Admiralty, 3-9.
COMITY, INTERSTATE. See ConstitutionalLaw, 7, 8; Evidence, 11.
COMITY, JUDICIAL. See ConstitutionalLaw, 13. 1. The Supreme Court will not follow the adjudication of State courts upon the meaning of the statutes of their States, when the former court considers the adjudications wrong in themselves, and when in action their effect is practically, by rendering the power of enforcing obligation ineffective, to impair the obligation of a contract entered into before the adjudications were made, by parties living in the State. Butz v. City of Muscatine, 575. 2. A question which is pending in one court of competent jurisdiction cannot be raised and agitated in another by adding a new party and raising a new question as to him along with the old one as to the former party. The old question is in the hands of the court first possessed of it, and is to be decided by such court. The new one should be by suit in any proper court, against the new party. Memphis City v. Dean, 64.
COMMON CARRIER. 1. Where insurers, to whom the owners have abandoned, take possession, at an intermediate place dr port, of goods damaged during a voyage by the fault of the carrier, and there sell them, they cannot hold the carrier liable on his engagement to deliver at the end of the voyage in good order and condition. PropellerMohawk, 153. 2. Insurers, so accepting at the intermediate port, are liable for freight pro rataitineris on the goods accepted. lb. 3. A common carrier of merchandise is responsible for actual negligence, even admitting his receipt to be legally sufficient to restrict his common law liability. And he is chargeable with actual negligence, unless he exercise the care and prudence of a prudent man in his own affairs. Express Company v. Kountze Brothers, 3413.
CONCLUSIVENESS OF JUDGMENT. See Fraudulent Conveyance, 3.
CONFEDERATE MONEY. 1. A contract for the payment of treasury notes of the Confederate States,

INDEX.
CONFEDERATE MONEY (continued). made between parties residing within those States, can be enforced in the courts of the United States; the contract having been made in the usual course of business, and not for the purpose of giving currency to the notes, or of otherwise aiding the rebellion. Thorington v. Smith, 1.
2. Evidence may be received, that a contract payable in those States during the rebellion, in "dollars," was in fact made for the payment, in Confederate dollars. 1b.
8. The party entitled to be paid in such dollars can rebeive but their actual value at the time and place of the contract in lawful money of the United States. 1b.
CONFLICT OF JURISDICTION. See abmity, Judicial; Constitutional Law, 7, 8; Jurisdiction,1.
FEDERAL AND STATE L-EGISLATION.
The mortgage of a vessel, duly recorded, under an act of Congress, cannot be defeated by a subsequent attachment, under a State statute, enacting, that no mortgage of such property shall be valid, as against the interests of third persons, unless possession be delivered to and remain with the mortgagee, or the mortgage be recorded in a manner specified, in which a mortgage, whose lien in this case was the subject of controversy, was not. White's Bank v. Smith (7 Wallace, 646) affirmed. Aldrich v. Etna Company, 491.
CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. See Conflict of Jurisdiction. 1. The term " import," as used in that clause of the Constitution which says, that " no State shall levy any imposts or duties on imports or exports," does not refer to articles imported from one State into another, but only to articles imported from foreign countries into the United States. Woodruf v. Parham,123. 2. And the principle of the preceding decision is applicable to a case, where, although the mode of collecting the tax on the article made in the State was different from the mode of collecting the tax on the article brought from another State into it. yet the amount paid was, in fact, the same on the same article in whatever State made. Binson v. Lott, 148. 3. The Bay of Mobile being included within the statutory definition of the port of Mobile, contracts for the purchase of cargoes of foreign merchandise before or after the arrival of the vessel in the said bay, where the goods, by the terms of the contract, are not to be at the risk of the purchaser until delivered to him in said bay, do not constitute the purchaser an £1importer, " and the goods so purchased and sold by him, though in the original packages, may be properly subjected to taxation by the State. Waring v. The Mayor, 110. 4. The 9th section of the act of July 13th, 1866, amendatory of prior internal revenue acts, and which provides that eery National banking association, State bank, or State banking association, shall pay a tax of ten per centum on the amounts of the notes of any State bank, or State banking association, paid out by them after the ist day

0 1Z5INDEX.
CONSTITUTIONAL LAW (continued). of August, 1866, does not lay a direct tax within the meaning of that clause of the Constitution which ordains that "direct taxes shall be apportioned among the several States, according to their respective numbers." Veazie Bank v. Fenno, 533.
5. Congress having undertaken, in the exercise of undisputed constitutional power to provide a currency for the whole country, may constitutionally secure the benefit of it to the people by appropriate legislation, and to that end may restrain, by suitable enactments, the circulation of 'any notes, not issued under its own authority. lb.
6. The tax of ten per centum imposed by the act of July 13th, 1866, on the notes of State banks paid.out after the 1st of August, 1866, is warranted by the Constitution. 1b.
7. A State statute which enacts that no insurance company not incorporated under the laws of the State passing the statute, shall carry on its business within the State without previously obtaining a license for that purpose ; and that it shall not receive such license until it has deposited with the treasurer of the State bonds of a specified character and amount, according to the extent of the capital employed, is not in conflict with that clause of the Constitution of the United States which declares that " the citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of citizens in the several States," nor with the clause which declares that Congress shall have power " to regulate commerce with foreign nations and among the several States." Paul v. Virginia, 168.
8. The issuing of a policy of insurance is not a transaction of commerce within the meaning of the latter of the two clauses, even though the parties be domiciled in different States, but is a simple contract of indemnity against loss. lb.
9. A statute of a State which, for the declared purpose "1of encouraging the establishment of a charitable institution," and enabling the parties engaged in establishing it "more fully and effectually to accomplish their laudable purpose," gave to the institution a charter, and declared by it that " the property of said corporation shall be exempt from taxation," and that an already existing statutory provision, that every charter of incorporation should be subject to alteration, suspension, or repeal, at the discretion of the legislature, should not apply to it, becomes, after the corporation has been organized, "a contract," within the meaning of the Constitution, which says that no State shall pass any law impairing the obligations of contracts, and the property of the corporation is not subject to taxation so long as the corporation owns it and applies it to the purposes for which the charter was granted. Home of the Friendlessv. Rouse, 430.
10. The same principle applies to the case of an institution of learning. The lVashington University v. Rouse, 439.
11. Congress has no power to make paper money a legal tender, or lawful money, in discharge of private debts, which exist in virtue of contracts made prior to its acts attempting to make such paper a legal tender and lawful money for payment of such debts. Hepburn v. Griswold, 603.

INDEX.

679

CONSTITUTIONAL LAW (continued). 12. 'When a State has enacted that the notes of a particular bank chartered
by it shall be receivable in payment of all taxes due to it, a "contract," attaching itself to the note, and running with it into the hands of any one who has it, is enfered into by the State that it will so receive the notes. And a subsequent enactment, that it will not receive them. is a law impairing the obligation of contracts, and is void. Furman v. Niehol, 44. 13. A remedy, which the statutes of a State, on what the Supreme Court considers a plainly right construction of them, give for the enforcement of contracts, cannot be taken away, as respects previously existing contracts, by judicial decisions of the State courts construing the statutes wrongly. Butz v. City of Museatine, 575. 14. Section 4 of the constitution of Missouri, which ordains that-
"No person shall be prosecuted in any civil action for or on account of any act by him done, performed or executed, after the first of January, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, by virtue of military authority vested in him by the government of the United States, or that of this State, to do such act, or in pursuance t6 orders received by him from any person vested with such authority; and if any action or proceeding shalt have heretqfore been, or shall hereafter be, instituted against any personfor the doing of any suchact, the defendant mayplead this section in bar thereof"-
is not a bill of attainder within the meaning of that clause of the Constitution of the United States, which ordains that no State shall pass any such bill. Drehman v. Stftle, 595. 15. Nor does it impair the obligation of a contract, within the meaning of
the same constitution, because, in the case of a contract relating to real property-as, ex.gr., a landlord's covenant that he will keep his tenant in possession-its effect is to prevent a determination under particular State statutes of a party's mere right of possession, irrespectively of the merits of title, and where the same result might have confessedly been lawfully brought about by the State legislature, by a repeal of the particular statute, and without impairing the obliga-
tion of any contract. Ab. 16. Sernble, that the case might be different if by giving effect to the pro-
vision, the party was precluded from asserting a title and enforcing a right. 1b.
CONTINUING OFFER. See Contract,7.
CONTRACT. See Billof Lading, 2; ConstitutionalLaw, 9-13; Equity, 1, 3, 4; Implied Covtnant, 1 (i, ii); Legal Tender; Measure of Damages, 1, 2; MIonopoly; Salvage, 1, 2, 3; Tennessee, 1, 3; Trust; United States
Mail; War Department. 1. Where the obligation of one party to a contract requires of him the
expenditure of a large sum in preparation to perform, and a continuous readiness to perform, the law implies a corresponding obligation on the other party to do what is necessary to enable the first to comply with his agreement. United States v. Speed, 77. 2. An act of Congress directing the Secretary of the Navy to enter into a

INDEX.
CONTRACT (continued). contract with certain parties, provided it could be done on terms previously offered by the parties, does not, of itself, create a contract.
Gilbert - Secor v. United States, 358.
3. If such parties afterwards sign a written agreement with the secretary, on terms less favorable to them than the act of Congress authorized the secretary to make, they must abide by their action in accepting the less favorable terms. 1b.
4. A contract made by a surgeon and medical purveyor of a military department of the United States, with parties for furnishing ice, for the use of the sick and wounded in the hospitals of the United States in 1864, was invalid until approved by the Secretary of War. *Without such approval the surgeon could not bind the United States in any way. Parishet al. v. United States, 489.
5. A contract thus approved being executed by the other parties, superseded a previous contract signed by the surgeon, although the latter conformed strictly to proposals made by the parties, and accepted by the surgeon. lb.
6. When an individual who has been absolved from a contract of the government to receive and pay for certain articles which it had agreed to purchase, by the refusal of the proper officer to receive the articles when tendered, afterwards consents to deliver them under a threat of the officer that he will withhold money justly due to the plaintiff, he can only recover the contract price, whatever may have been the current market value of the articles. Gibbons v. United States, 269.
7. A covenant in a lease giving to the lessee a right or option to purchase the premises leased at any time during the term, is in the nature of a continuing offer to sell. The offer thus made, if under seal, is regarded as made upon sufficient consideration, and therefore one from which the lessor is not at liberty to recede. When accepted by the lessee a contract of sale is completed. Willard v.Tayloe, 557.
8. The promissory notes of the United States, declared by certain acts of Congress passed in 1862 and 1863 to be a legal tender and lawful money for the payment of private debts, are not a legal tender or lawful money in discharge of debts created by contracts made before the acts were passed. Hepburn v. Griswold, 603.
9. A statute of a State enacting that notes of a bank chartered by it shall be receivable in payment of taxes due the State, makes a contract with all persons taking and holding the notes that the State will so receive them. The contract attaches to the note as long as it lasts, and it binds the State as to notes already issued, even if the statute be repealed. Furman v. Nicehol, 44.
CORPORATION. See Salvage, 1.
COURT OF CLAIMS. Although in the Court of Claims the government is liable for refusing to receive and pay for what it has agreed to purchase, it is not liable, on an implied assumpsit, for the torts of its officers committed while

INDEX.

681

COURT OF CLAIMS (continued). in its service, and apparently for its benefit. 269.
COVENANT. See Implied Covenant.

Gibbons v. UnitedStates,

DECLARATIONS. See Evidence, 1-6.

DEPARTMENTS. See Contract,2-6; War Department.

DIRECT TAX. A tax laid by Congress on the notes of State banks issued for currency, is not one within the meaning of that clause of the Constitution which ordains, that such taxes shall be apportioned in a particular way. Veazie Bank v. Fenno, 533.

"DOLLARS." Meaning of the word under different circumstances. Jloney; Legal Tender.

See Confederate

DOMINUS LITIS. An appeal upon a bill for the infringement of a patent dismissed, it appearing that after the appeal the appellants had purchased a certain patent to the defendants, under which the defendants sought to protect themselves; and that the defendants as compensation had taken stock in the company which had unsuccessfully sought to enjoin them, and was now appellant in the case. tood-paper Company v. Heft, 333.

EQUITABLE CONVERSION. See Trust, 1 (i, ii,iii).

EQUITY. See Evidence, 15; Pleading, 6; Trust. 1. Where specific execution of a contract, which would work hardship when unconditionally performed, would work equity when decreed on conditions, it will be decreed conditionally. IWillardv. Tayloe, 557. 2. The kind of currency which, on a bill for the specific execution of a contract, a complainant has offered in payment of an obligation, is im-
portant only in considering the good faith of his conduct. The condition of the currency in the United States in April, 1864, and the general use of notes of the government at that time, repels any imputation of bad faith in tendering such notes instead of coin in satisfaction of a contract; though at the time, $175 in notes were the equivalent of but $100 in coin. Ib. 3. Where a party is entitled to a specific performance of a contract upon the payment of certain sums, and there is uncertainty as to the amount of such sums, he may apply by bill for such specific performance, and submit to the court the question of amount which he should pay. lb. 4. Fluctuations in the value of property contracted for between the date of the contract and the time when execution of the contract is demanded, are not allowed to prevent a specific enforcement of the contract, where the contract, when made, was a fair one and in its attendant circumstances unobjectionable. 1b. 5. Where a party, prior to filing a bill for specific performance of a con-

682

INDEX.

EQUITY (continued). tract for the sale of land, had sent to the other side for examination, and in professed purpose of execution of the contract, the draft of a mortgage which he was ready, on a conveyance being made, to execute, it is no defence to the bill, if the defendant have wholly refused to execute a deed, that tile draft is not in such a form as respected parties and the term of years which the security had to run, as the vendor was bound to accept, especially where such vendor, in returning the draft, had not stated in what particulars he was dissatisfied with it. Willard v. Tayloe, 557.
ESTOPPEL. See California Land Claims, 4. A record of a judgment on the same subject-matter, referred to in a finding, cannot be set up as an estoppel, when neither the record is set forth, nor the finding shows on what ground the court put its decision: whether for want of proof, insufficient allegations, or on the merits of the case. United States v. Lane, 185.
EVIDENCE. See Acknowledgment of Deeds; Burden of Proof; Estoppel; Patent, 6.
I. IN CASES GENERALLY.
1. To admit the declarations of a third person in evidence, on the ground that one party to the suit had referred the other party to him, it is necessary that the reference should be for information relating to the matters in issue. Allen v. IKillinger, 480.
2. A conversation between the plaintiff and such third party, in regard to a contract of the plaintiff with the defendant, cannot be given in evidence when the reference by the defendant to such party was not for information concerning such contract. lb.
3. The plaintiff's statements, in such conversation, concerning the terms of the contract, are not evidence in his favor, especially, since he can give his own version of the contract as a witness, but under oath, and subject to cross-examination. lb.
4. The declarations of a party himself, to whomsoever made, are competent evidence, when confined strictly to such complaints, expressions, and exclamations as furnish evidence of a present existing pain or malady, to prove his condition, ills, pains, and symptoms, whether arising from sickness, or from an injury by accident or violence. If made to a medical attendant, they are of more weight than if made to another person. Insurance Company v. Mosley, 397.
5. So is a declaration made by a deceased person, contemporaneously or nearly so, with a main event by whose consequence it is alleged that he died, as to the cause of that event. Though generally the declarations must be contemporaneous with the event, yet where there are connecting circumstances, they may, even when made some time afterwards, form a part of the whole res gestce. lb.
6. Where the principal fact is the fact of bodily injury, the res gestm are the statements of the cause, made by the injured party almobt contenporaneously with the occurrence of the injury, and those relating

INDEX.

683

EVIDENCE (continued). to the consequences, made while the latter subsisted and were in progress. Insurance Company v. Mlosley, 397.
7. An accidental loss or disappearance in a bank of a bill sent to it to collect, from the bank'snot taking sufficient care of letters brought to it from the mail, carries with it a presumption of negligence in the bank; and on suit against it, the burden of proof is on the bank to explain the negligence. Chicopee Bank v. PhiladelphiaBank, 641.
8. *Wherea question is asked of a witness, which is illegal only because it may elicit improper testimony, and the court permits it to be answered against the objection of the other party, if the witness knows nothing of the matter to which he is interrogated, or if his answer is favorable to the objecting party, it is not error of which a revising court can take notice. It works him no injury. Bailorv. Williams, 107.
9. If it does work the objecting party injury, he can show it by making the answer a part of the bill of exceptions, and unless he does this there is no error of the sort mentioned. 1b.
10. Although a bill of lading, in so far as it is a contract, cannot be explained by parol, yet being a receipt as well as a contract, it may in the last regard be so explained, especially when used as the foundation ofa suit between the original parties to it. The Lady Franklin,325.
11. Where one State recognizes acts done in pursuance of the laws of another State, its courts will take judicial cognizance of those laws, so far as it may be necessary to determine the validity of the acts alleged to be in conformity with them. Carpenterv. Dexter, 513.
12. In aid of the certificate of acknowledgment, or proof of a deed, reference may be had to the instrument itself, or to any part of it. lb.
13. Unless the statute of a State requires evidence of official character to accompany the official act which it authorizes, none is necessary 1b.
14. The tidmissions of the masterof a vessel are evidence, in cases of collision, against the owner. The Potomac, 590.
II. IN EQUITY. 15. When parties have reduced their contracts to writing, conversations
controlling or changing their stipulations are, in the absence of fraud, no more received in a court of equity than in a court of law. Willard v. Tayloe, 557.
III. IN PATENT CASES. See Patent, 5, 6. 16. Where the defendant proposes to maintain at the final hearing of a
ease in chancery, that his machine does not infringe the complain.nt's patent, proof of non-infringement should appear in the testimony. Bennet v.-Fowler, 445.
EXCLUSIVE PRIVILEGE. See Monopoly.
FRAUDULENT CONVEYANCE. 1. A sale of personal property, made much below its cost, by a man indebted to near or quite the extent of all he had, set aside as a fraud on creditors; it having been made within a month after the property was bought, and before it was yet paid for; made, moreover, on Saturday,

6,84

INDEX.

FRAUDULENT CONVEYANCE (continued). while the account of stock was taken on Sunday (the parties being Jews), and the property carried off early on Monday. Kempner v. Churchill, 362.
2. The statute of 13 Eliz., ch. 5, which is in force in the District of Columnbia, does not affect, in favor of subsequent creditors, a voluntary settlement made by a man, not indebted at the time, for his wife and children, unless fraud was intended when the settlement was made. Sexton v. Wheaton (8 Wheaton, 229; S. C. 1 American Leading Cases, 1), approved and affirmed. Mlattingly v. Nye, 370.
3. A judgment for money due, at a certain time, against the party making the settlement, is conclusive in respect to the parties to it. It cannot be impeached collaterally, and it cannot be questioned upon a creditor's bill. lb.
FREIGHT. See Common Carrier,2.
GOVERNMENT OFFICER. 1. The act of August 23d, 1842\declaring that no officer of the government drawing a fixed salary, shall receive additional compensation for any service, unless it is authorized by law, and a specific appropriation made to pay it, is not repealed by the twelfth section of the act of August 26th, the same year. Stansbury v. United States, 33. 2. An agreement by the Secretary of the Interior to pay a clerk in his department for services rendered to the government by labors abroad -the clerk still holding his place and drawing his pay as clerk in the Interior-was, accordingly, held void. lb.
HABEA5 CORPUS. 1. In all cases where a Circuit Court of the United States has, in the exercise of its original jurisdiction, caused a prisoner to be brought before it, and has, after inquiring into the cause of detention, remanded him to the custody from which he was taken, the Supreme Court, in the exercise of its appellate jurisdiction, may, by the writ of habeas corpus, aided by the writ of certiorari, revise the decision of the Circuit Court, and if it be found unwarranted by law, relieve the prisoner from the unlawful restraint to which he has been remanded. Exparte Yerger, 85. 2. The second section of the act of March 27th, 1868, repealing so much of the act of February 5th, 1867, as authorized appeals from the Circuit Courts to the Supreme Court, does not take away or affect the appellate jurisdiction of this court by habeas corpus, under the Constitution and the acts of Congress prior to the date of the last-named act. lb.
ILLICIT TRADING. See Rebellion, The, 1-5.
ILLINOIS. See Notice, 1. A justice of the peace was not authorized by the laws of Illinois, in 181s, to take the acknowledgment or proof, without the State, of deeds of land situated within the State; but this want of authority was remedied by a statute passed on the 22d of February, 1847. Caipenter v. Dexter, 513.

INDEX.

685

IMPLIED COVENANT. In the case of a contract drawn technically, in form, and with obvious attention to details, a covenant cannot be implied.in the absence of language tending to a conclusion that the covenant sought to be set up was intended. The fact that the non-implication of it mates the contract, in consequence of events happening subsequently to its being made, quite unilateral in its advantages, is not a sufficient ground to imply a covenant which would tend to balance advantages thus preponderating. Hudson Canal Co. v. Pennsylvania Coal Co., 276.
" IMPORT." See Constitutional Law, 1-3. The term, as used in that clause of the Constitution which says, that "no State shall levy any imposts or duties on imports or exports," does not refer to articles imported from one State into another, but only to articles .imported from foreign countries into the United States. Woodruff v. Parham,123.
INSURERS. See ConstitutionalLaw, 8. Accepting goods abandoned by their owners at an intermediate port, which the carriers were bound to carry to the port of destination, are liable to freight pro rata itincris. PropellerMohawk, 153.
INTERNAL REVENUE. Under the act of June 30th, 1864, to provide internal revenue to support the government, &c., which requires a license to persons exercising certain occupations, and fixes the limit to its duration, the parties to the bond given on the granting of the license, are not bound to answer for any breach of the condition of the bond after the expiration of the license. United States v. Smith, 687.
INTERSTATE COMMERCE. See ConstitutionalLaw, 7, 8.
JUDGMENT. Cannot be impeached collaterally by a party to a settlement on his family, upon a bill of the judgment creditor to set the settlement aside. Mattingly v. Nye, 370.
JURISDICTION. See Mandamus; Practice,3, 5, 6.
I. OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
(a) It HAS jurisdiction.
1. To disregard and declare void an act of Congress which it considers as passed in violation of the Constitution. Hepburn v. Griswold, 603.
2. If the case be otherwise within its cognizance, it has jurisdiction of a judgment rendered on a voluntary submission of a case agreed on for judgment, under the provisions of the code of a State. Aldrich v. .,tna Company, 491.
3. So it may have (under the same condition) jurisdiction of a case where the allowance of the writ of error is by the chief judge of the court in which the judgment was in fact rendered, though the record, by order of such court, may have been sent to an inferior court, and an additional entry of what was adjudged in the appellate one there entered. 1b.

fit

INDEX.

JURISDICTION (continued). 4. So it has (under the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act), whenever some one of the questions embraced in the cause was relied on, in the highest court of law or equity in a State, by the party who brings the cause here, and when the right, which lie asserted that it gave him, was denied to him, by the State court, provided the record show, either by express averment, or by clear and necessary intendment, that the constitutional provision did arise, and that the court below could not have reached the conclusion and judgment it did reach, without applying it to the case in hand Farmanv. Nichol, 44. 5. As ex. yr. when the record shows that the question in such court was, whether the mortgage of a vessel, duly recorded under an act of Congress, gave a better lien than an attachment issued under a State statute, and the decision was that it did not. Aldrich v. .Elna Conpany, 491. 6. Et need not appear that the State court erred in its judgment. It is sufficient to confer jurisdiction that the question was in the case, was decided adversely to the plaintiff in error, and that the court was induced by it to make the judgment which it did. Furmanv. Nichol, 44. 7. So it has (under the said twenty-fifth section), when the decree below is silent as to the ground on which it was rendered, if the case show that Federal questions were involved, though it also appears that there were other defences, not re-examinable in this court, if these defences afford no legal answer to the suit. Maguire v. Tyler, 650. 8. So it may have, although the citation is not signed by the judge who allowed the writ of error, provided the defendant have waived the irregularity by an appearance. Aldrich v. Insurance Company, 491. 9. So in all cases where a Circuit Court of the United States has, in the exercise of its original jurisdiction, caused a prisoner to be brought before it, and has, after inquiring into the cause of detention, remanded him to the custody from which he was taken, the Supreme Court, in the exercise of its appellate jurisdiction, has power by the writ of habeas cortus, aided by the writ of certiorari, to revise the decision of the Circuit Court, and if it be found unwarranted by law to relieve the prisoner from the unlawful restraint to which he has been remanded. Ex parte Yerger, 8.5.
10. And it will assume jurisdiction on appeal for the purpose of reversing a decree rendered by an inferior court not having jurisdiction to proceed in the way in which it has proceeded, and of vacating any unwarranted proceedings of it which stand in the way of a new trial there Wna case where, in the judgment of this court, a new trial ought to be granted. And it will in such cases exercise such powers generally as are necessary to do justice. Morris's Cotton, 507.
(b) It has Nor jurisdiction.
11. Under the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act, unless the record show, either by express words or necessary legal intendment, that one of the questions mentioned in that act was before the State court, and was decided by it. And in deciding this, neither the argument of

INDEX.

687

JURISDICTION (continued). counsel nor the opinion of the court below can be looked to for this purpose. Gibson v. Chouteau, 314.
12. Nor has it jurisdiction of an appeal from a District Court having Circuit Court powers, the appeal having been allowed just after an act had passed, which created a Circuit Court for the same district, and which repealed so much of any act as gave to the District Court Circuit Court powers. The Lucy, 307.
18. Nor by virtue of agreements of counsel or otherwise than under the Constitution and acts of Congress. Ib.
14. Nor in general unless a transcript of the record was filed at the next term to that when a decree appealed from was made. lb.
I. OF THE CIRCUIT COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES. See Pleading, 1,4,5.
15. These courts have no jurisdiction in a suit brought by the assignee of a chose in action in the Federal court on a contract assigned, unless the plaintiff show affirmatively that such action could have been sustained if it had been brought by the original obligee. And the burden of proof in such case is on the plaintiff, when the instrument and its assignment are offered under the plea of the general issue. Bradley v. Rhine's Administrators,393.
III. OF THE CIRCUIT AND DISTRICT COURTS RESPECTIVELY.
16. The act of February 22d, 1848, which enacts that the provisions of the act of February 22d, 1847, transferring to the District Courts of the United States, cases of Federal character and jurisdiction begun in the Territorial courts of certain Territories of the United States, and then admitted to the Union (none of which, on their admission as States, however, as it happened, were attached to any judicial circuits of the United States), shall apply to all cases which may be pending in the Supreme or other Superior Courts of any Territory of the United States which may be admitted as a State at the time of its admission, is to be construed so as to transfer the cases into District Courts of the United States, if, on admission, the State did not form part of a judicial circuit, but if attached to such a circuit, then into the Circuit Court. Ezxress Company v. Kountze Brothers, 342.
KANSAS. The laws of, regulating the foreclosure of mortgages, do not authorize a strict foreclosure which does not find the amount due, and which allows no time for redemption, and is final and conclusive in the first instance. Clark v. Reyburn, 318.
LEGAL TENDER. The promissory notes of the United States, declared by certain acts of Congress, passed in 1862 and 1863, to be a legal tender and lawful money for the payment of private debts, are not such a tender or such money in discharge of such debts if created by contracts made before the acts were passed. Hepburn v. Griswold, 603.

688

INDEX.

LOUISIANA. 1. The 3333d article of the Civil Code of Louisiana, which in English is as foillows: "The registry preserves the evidence of mortgages and privileges during ten years, reckoning from the day of their date; their effect ceases even against the contracting parties if the inscriptions have not been renewed before the expiration of this time, in the manner in which they were first made,"
relates to the effect of the inscription, when not renewed, not to the effect of the mortgage. Pattersonv. De la Ronde, 292. 2. The general doctrine, where registry of conveyances and mortgages is required, that knowledge of an existing conveyance or mortgage is, in legal effect, the equivalent to notice by the registry, is the law of Louisiana as expounded by the decisions of her highest court. lb. 3. Prescription of a mortgage and vendor's privilege does not begin to run until the debt secured has matured. Ib. 4. By the law of, where property, susceptible of being mortgaged, is to be sold under execution, the sheriff is required to obtain, from the proper office, a certificate of the mortgages, &c., against it, and to read it aloud to the bystanders before he cries the property ; and also to give notice that the property will be sold subject to them. The purchaser in such case is obliged to pay to the officer only so much of his bid as may exceed the amount of the mortgages, &c., and is allowed to retain the amount required to satisfy them. Ib.
MAIL, UNITED STATES. Under the act of 28th February, 1861, which authorizes the PostmasterGeneral to discontinue, under certain circumstances specified, the postal service on any route, a "suspension" during the late rebellion, at the Postmaster-General's discretion, of a route in certain rebellious States, with a notice to the contractor that lie would be held responsiblefor a renewal when the I'ostmaster-General should deem it safe to renew the service there, was held to be a discontinuance; and the mail carrier's contract with the government calling for a month's pay if the postmaster discontinued the service, it was adjudged that lie was entitled to a month's pay accordingly. Reeside v. United States, 38.
MANDAMUS. The extent to which the writ of mandamus from the Federal courts can give relief against decisions in the State courts, involves a question respecting the process of the Federal courts ; and, that being so, it is peculiarly the province of this court to decide all questions which concern the subject. Butz v. City of Muscatine, 575.
MEASURE OF DAMAGES. 1. Where the plaintiff agreed to pack a definite number of articles for the defendants, and made all his preparations to do so, and was ready to do so, but the defendant refused to furnish the articles to be packed, the measure of damages is the difference between the cost of doing the work and the price agreed to be paid for it, making reasonable

INDEX.

561

MEASURE OF DAMAGES (continued). deductions for the less time engaged, and for release from the care, trouble, risk, and responsibility attending its full execution. United
States v. Speed, 77. 2. When an individual who has been absolved from a contract made by
the government to receive and pay for certain articles which it had agreed to purchase, by the refusal of the proper officer to receive the 'articles when tendered, afterwards consents to deliver them under a threat of the officer that he will withhold money justly due to the plaintiff, he can only recover the contract price, whatever may have been the current value of the articles at the date of delivery. Gibbons v. UnitedStates, 269. S. In admiralty, the measure, in cases of injury from collision, is the sum sufficient to restore the vessel to the condition in which she was when
the collision occurred. The Baltimore, 377.

MISSOURE. Sze CongtitutionaiLaw,14, 15. The subject of incomplete titles to land in the Territory of, ceded by France in 1803, examined. Maguirev. Tyler, 650.

MOBILE, AND THE BAY OF. See ConstitutionalLaw,8.

MONOPOLY.
A contract by a city corporation with an existing gas company, by which the corporation conferred upon the company the exclusive privilege for a term of years, and till notified to the contrary, of lighting the city with such public lamps as might be agreed on, and also the right to lay down its pipes and extend its apparatus through all the streets, alleys, lanes, or squares of the city, and which declared that "still further to encourage the company, it would take fifty lamps to begin with, to be extended hereafter as the public wants and increase of the city might demand, and such as' might be agreed upon by the company and the city corporation," the company, in consideration of these grants, concessions, and privileges, binding itself to furnish to the city gas at half the price they charged their private consumers, does not give a right to the gas company exclusive of the city corporation's right to subscribe to the stock of a new gas company, whose object was to introduce gas into the same city. Memphis City v. Dean, 65.

MORTGAGE OF VESSELS.

The mortgage of a vessel, duly recorded, under an act of Congress, cannot be defeated by a subsequent attachment, under a State statute,

enacting that no mortgage of such property shall be valid, as against the interests of third persons, unless possession be delivered to and remain with the mortgagee, or the mortgage be recorded in a manner specified, in which a mortgage, whose lien in this case was the subject of controversy, was not. White's Bank v. Smith (7 Wallace, 646), affirmed. Aldrich v ,Mtna Company, 401.

VOL. VIll.

44

690

INDEX.

MUSCATINE, CITY OF. Acts of 27th January, 1852, by the Iowa legislature, amendatory of its charter, construed. Bdz v. City of Muscatine, 575.
MUTUAL OBLIGATIONS. See Contract, 1.
NATIONAL BANKS. See ConstitutionalLaw, 4, 5, 6; Pleading,1, 2, 3. 1. The 50th section of the National Bank Act of June 3d, 1864 (13 Stat. at Large, 116), which provides that suits under it, in which officers or agents of the United States are parties, shall be conducted by the district attorney of the district, is in so far but directory, that it cannot be set up by stockholders to defeat a suit brought against them by a receiver, under the act, which receiver, with the approval of the Treasury Department, and after the matter bad been submitted to the Solicitor of the Treasury, had employed private counsel, by whom alone suit was conducted. IKennedy v. Gibson and others, 498. 2. Upon a bill filed under the 50th section of that act, by a receiver, against the stockholders, where the ban k fails to pay its notes, it is indispensable, that action on the part of the comptroller of the currency, touching the personal liability of the stockholders, precede the institution of any suit by the receiver, and the fact must be averred in the bill. 16. 3. It is no objection to such a bill properly filed against stockholders within the jurisdiction of the court, that stockholders named in the bill, and averred in it to be without the jurisdiction, are not made co-defendants. 4. Creditors of the bank are not proper parties to such a bill. The receiver is the proper party to bring suit, whether at law or in equity. 1b. 5. Suits may be brought under the 57th section of the act, by any association, as well as againstit. lb.
NAVY DEPARTMENT. See Contract, 2, 3.
NEGLIGENCE. See Common Carrier,3; Aegotiable Paper,3, 4.
N'IEGOTIABLE PAPER. 1. Although a bill payable at a particular bank, be physically, and in point of fact, in the bank, still, if the bank be wholly ignorant of its being there-as when, ex. gr., a letter in which the bill was transmitted when brought from the post-office to the bank has been laid down with other papers on the cashier's desk, and before being taken up or seen by the cashier has slipped through a crack in the desk, and so disappeared-the fact of the bill being thus physically present in the bank does not make a presentment. Chicopee Bank v. Philadelphia Bank, 641. And this is so, although the acceptor held no funds there, did not call to pay the bill, and in fact did not mean to pay it any where. Ib. 2. In such a case, therefore, the holder cannot look to prior parties, even though, by having been informed after inquiry by him, that the bill had not been received at the collecting bank, they could have inferred that it had not been paid at maturity by the acceptor. lb. 3. An accidental loss or disappearance in a bank of a bill sent tc it to collect from the bank's not taking sufficient care of letters brcught to it

INDEX.

691

NEGOTIABLE PAPER (continued). from the mail, carries with it a presumption of negligence in the bank; and on a suit against it, the burden of proof is on the bank to explain the negligence. Chicopee Bank v. PhiladelphiaBank, 641.
4. If, through this negligence alone, it is inferable that notice of presentment, demand, and non-payment, were not given to the holder, so as to enable him to hold parties prior to him, the bank guilty of the negligence is responsible to the holder for the amount of the bill, even though the holder himself have not been so entirely thoughtful, active, and vigilant as he might have been. 1b.
NOTICE. See Louisiana. 1. Under the recording acts of Illinois, which enact that deeds shall take effect as against creditors and subsequent purchasers from the time that they are filed of record, it is necessary, in order to defeat a subsequent purchaser for value, of an unrecorded title, that he have notice of the previous conveyance, or of some fact sufficient to put a prudent man upon inquiry. Mills v. Smith, 27. 2. A recital in the record of another deed, made seventeen years after a first one unrecorded, between the original grantor and the heir-at-law of the original grantee-the grantor having already sold to a second purchaser whose deed is recorded-" that a sale had been made to such original grantee, but no deed given, or if given, lost," is not constructive notice to a third person purchasing of such second purchaser. Ib. 3. If either such second purchaser, or a purchaser from him, have been a purchaser in good faith, without notice, then such purchaser is protected. lb.
OFFICIAL CHARACTER. See Evidence, 13.
PATENT. See Dominus Litis; PublicLands, 1, 2. I. GENERAL ?RINCIPLES RELATING TO.
1. Whether a given invention or improvement shall be embraced in one, two, or more patents, is a matter about which some discretion must be left with the head of the Patent Office; it being one not capable of being prescribed for by a general rule. Bennet v. Fowler,445.
2. Where the defendant proposes to maintain at the final hearing of a case in chancery, that his machine does not infringe the complainant's patent, proof of non-infringement should appear in the testimony. lb.
3. Where a limitation of a claim, as found in a patent, has been caused by a mistake of the Commissioner of Patents in supposing that prior inventions would be covered, if the claim was made, as the applicant makes it, more broad, and an inventor has thus been made to take a patent with a claim narrower than his invention, it is the right, and, as it would seem, the duty of the commissioner, upon being satisfied of his mistake, as to the nature of the prior inventions, to grant a reissue with an amended specification and a broader claim. Morey v. Lockwood, 230.
4. Where the amended specifications and broader claim secure the patentee only the same invention that he had originally described and claimed, the reissue is valid. 1b.

692

INDEX.

PATENT (continued). 5. Where, in a suit at law for infringement of a patent, witnesses testify to previous invention, knowledge, or use of the thing patented, the judgment will be reversed unless an antecedent compliance with the requirements of the 15th section of the Patent Act, requiring in the notice of special matter the names and places of residence of those who the defendant intends to prove possessed prior knowledge, and where the same had been used, appear in the record. And this, although no reversal for this cause have been asked by counsel, but the case have been argued wholly on other grounds. Blanchard v. Putnam, 420. 6. Semble, that the only proper comparison on a question of infringement, is of the defendant's machine with that of the plaintiff's, as described in the pleadings; and that it is no answer to the cause of action to plead or prove that the defendant is the licensee of the owner of another patent, and that his machine is constructed in accordance with that patent. 1b.
II. VALIDITY OF PARTICULAR. 7. C. & H. Davidson were the true inventors of the syringe known by their
name, and patented by an original patent of March 31st, 1857, and by a reissue with an amended specification, April 25th, 1865. The syringe, called the Richardson syringe, is an infringement of the Davidsons' patents and reissue. Morey v. Lockwood, 230.
"PERILS OF NAVIGATION." The explosion of a boiler on a steam vessel is not a "peril of navigation" within the term as used in the exception in bills of lading. Propeller Mohawk, 153.
PLEADING. See Comity, Judicial, 2. I. IN OASES GENERALLY.
1. Upon a bill filed to wind up a National bank under the 50th section of the act of June 3d, 1864 (13 Stat. at Large, 116), by a receiver, against the stockholders, where the bank fails to pay its notes, it is indispensable, that action on the part of the comptroller of the currency, touching the personal liability of the stockholders, precede the institution of any suit by the receiver, and the fact must be averred in the bill. Kennedy v. Gibson et al., 498.
2. It is no objection to such a bill properly filed against stockholders within the jurisdiction of the court, that stockholders named in the bill, and averred in it to be without the jurisdiction, are not made co-defendants.
3. Creditors of the bank are not proper parties to such a bill. The receiver is the proper party to bring suit, whether at law or in equity. lb.
4. An averment in the declaration, that the plaintiffs were a firm of natural persons, associated for the purpose of carrying on the banking business in Omaha, Nebraska Territory (a place which, at the time of the suit brought, was remote from the great centres of trade and commerce), and had been for a period of eighteen months engaged

INDEX.

693

PLEADING (continued). in that business, at that place, is equivalent to saying that they had their domicile there, and is a sufficient averment of citizenship to give jurisdiction to the Circuit Court. Express Company v. Kountze Brothers, 842.
5. An averment that the defendant is a foreign corporation, formed under and created by the laws of the State of New York, is a sufficient averment that the defendant is a citizen of New York. 1b.
II. IN EQuITY. Slee Trust, 1 (iii). 6. The general rule is that the parties to the contract are the only proper
parties to a suit for its performance. Hence the assignment by the complainant, prior to a bill for specific performance of a partial interest in the entire contract, is no defence to the bill for such performance. Willard v. Tayloe, 557.
III. IN SALVAGE. 7. A suit for salvage cannot be abated on the objection of claimants that
others as well as the libellants are entitled to share in the compensation. The remedy of such others is to become parties to the suit, or to make a claim against the proceeds, if any, in the registry of the court. Te Camanche, 448. 8. The defence, that the services for which salvage is claimed were rendered under an agreement for a fixed sum payable in any event, is waived unless set up in the answer, with an averment of payment or tender. Ib.
PRACTICE. See Bil of Exception; California Land Claims, 2; Comity, Judicial;Dominus Litis; Jurisdiction,8; Mandamus; Patent, 5.
I. IN THE SUdRRME COURT. 1. A clerical mistake in a writ of error may be sometimes amended by
the citation. Mc Veigh v. United States, 640. 2. 'Where there is nothing in a bill of exceptions which enables the Su-
preme Court to say that questions objected to have exceeded the reasonable license which a court, in its discretion, may allow in crossexamination, no error is shown. Nailor v. Williams, 107. 3. 'Where the entries of a clerk of a Territorial District Court, state in a general way the proceedings had in that court, and that they were excepted to by counsel, they do not present the action of the court and the exceptions in such form as that they can be considered by this court. Young v. Martin, 354. 4. A party cannot, in that court, allege as error in the court below, the admission of evidence offered by himself and objected to by the other side. Avendano v. Gay, 376. 5. But it is error, entitling the aggrieved party to a reversal, for a court, on motion of a plaintiff, to strike out of an answer that which constitutes a good defence, and on which the defendant may chiefly rely. Mandelbaum v. The People, 310. 6. A statement of facts, made and filed by the judge several days after the issue and service of the writ of error in the case, is a nullity. Generes v. Bonnemer (7 Wallace, 564), affirmed. Avendano v. Gay, 376.

604

INDEX.

PRACTICE (continued). 7. The Supreme Court will assume jurisdiction on appeal for the purpose of reversing a decree rendered by an inferior court not having jurisdiction to proceed in the way in which it has proceeded, and of vacating any unwarranted proceedings of it which stand in the way of a new trial there in a case where, in the judgment of this court, a new trial ought to be granted. And it will in such cases either reverse the judgment or decree, and direct the proceedings to be dismissed, or remand the cause, with directions to all6w the pleadings to be amended, and to grant a new trial, according to law. And if the subject in controversy be a fund lately in the registry of the court, but which has been distributed so that a new trial would be useless unless the fund was restored to the registry where it was before the decree of distribution was executed, it will direct that a writ of restitution issue to the proper parties to restore the fund to the registry. M1orr is's Cotton, 607. 8. Where there are other questions in the record, on which the judgment of the State court might have rested, independently of the Federal question, this court cannot reverse the judgment. Gibson v. Chou-
teau, 314.
II. IN CIRCUIT AND DISTRICT COURTS. (a) In cases generally.
9. Courts of the United States are not bound to give instructions upon specific requests by counsel for them. If the court charge the jury rightly upon the case generally, it has done all that it ought to do. JM1ills v. Smith, 27.
10. When evidence tends to prove a contract of a certain character, asserted by a party before a jury, a court should either submit the evidence on the point to the consideration of the jury, or if, in the opinion of the court, there are no material extraneous facts bearing on the question, and the contract relied on must be determined by a commercial correspondence alone, then interpret this correspondence, and inform the jury whether or not it proves the contract to be of the character contended for by the party. Drakely v. Gregg, 242.
11. A court having fairly submitted to a jury the evidence in a case, and charged as favorably to a party as he could properly have asked, may, in the exercise of its discretion, refuse a request by that party to charge as to which side the burden of proof belongs. Chicopee Bank v. PhiladelphiaBank, 641.
12. A simple omission of a court to charge the jury as fully on some one of the points of a case about which it is charging generally, as a party alleges on error that the court ought to have charged, cannot be assigned for error, when it does not appear that the party himself made any request of the court to charge in the form now asserted to have been the proper one. Express Company v. Kountze Brothers, 343.
(b) In Equity. 13. A decree of strict foreclosure, which does not find the amount due,
wh'ch allows no time for the payment of the debt and the redemption

INDEX.

695

PRACTICE (continued). of the estate, and which is final and conclusive in the first instance, cannot, in the absence of some special law authorizing it, be sustained. Clark v. Reyburn, 318.
14. Where, after a mortgage of it, real property has been conveyed in trust for the benefit of children, both those in being and those to be born; all children in esse at the time of filing the bill of foreclosure should be made parties. Otherwise, the decree of foreclosure does not take away their right to redeem. A decree in such a case against the trustee alone, does not bind the cestui que trusts. 1b.
(c) In Admiralty. 15. Counsel fees are not allowed to the counsel of a gaining side, as an in-
cident to the judgment, beyond the costs and fees allowed by statute. Under the statute now (A.D. 1869) fixing the fees of attorneys, solicitors, and proctors (the statute of 26th February, 1853, 10 Stat. at Large, 161), a docket fee of $20 may be taxed, on a final hearing in admiralty, if the libellant recover $50, but, if he recovers less than $50, only $10. The Baltimore, 377. 16. Decrees in salvage will not be disturbed as to their amount, unless for a clear mistake, or gross over-allowance of the court below. The Camanche, 448.
PRESENTMENT OF BILLS. See Negotiable Paper.
PRESUMPTION. See Evidence.
PROMISSORY NOTE. See Negotiable Paper.
PUBLIC LANDS. 1. Where a patent for land has issued to one who protests against the survey on which it is made, and the record shows that he never accepted it, the Secretary of the Interior may recall it. AlIaguire v. Tyler, 650. 2. Where a patent is issued on a claim which has no certain limits, reserving "all valid adverse rights," a second patent to another claimant for a portion of the same land, is valid and operative to convey the title. 1b. 8. Where there is a specific tract confirmed according to ascertained boundaries, the legal effect of the confirmation is to establish the right and locate the claim. But it is otherwise when the claim has no certain limits, and the confirmation is on the condition that the land is to be surveyed. 1b.
PUBLIC POLICY. 1. A contract for the payment of Confederate States treasury notes, made between parties residing within the so-called Confederate States, can be enforced in the courts of the United States, the contract having been made on a sale of property in the usual course of business, and not for the purpose of giving currency to the notes or of otherwise aiding the rebellion. Thorington v. Smith, 1. 2 Evidence may be received that a contract payable in those States, during the rebellion, in "dollars," was in fact made for the payment in Confederate dollars. lb.

696

INDEX.

RATIFICATION. If, with a full knowledge of the facts concerning it, a person ratify an agreement which another person has improperly made, concerning the property of the person ratifying, he thereby makes himself a party to it, as much so as if the original agreement had been made with him. No new consideration is required to support the ratification. Drakely v. Gregg, 242.

REBELLION, THE. See Public Policy; Tennessee, 3. 1. The military authorities had no power under the act of July 13th, 1861, to license commerical intercourse between the seceding States and the rest of the United States. The Ouachita Cotton case (6 Wallace, 521) affirmed. McKee v. United States, 163. 2. Such trade was not authorized in March, 1864, by regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury in pursuance of the said act, but, on the contrary, was at that time forbidden by the then existing regulations of the treasury. lb. 3. Even supposing such trade to have been licensed in Mlarch, 1864, in pursuance of the act of July 13th, 1861, the license would not have authorized a purchase by a citizen of the United States from any person then holding an office or agency under the government of the socalled Confederate States; all sales, transfers, or conveyances by such persons being made void by the act of July 17th, 1862. lb. 4. The 8th section of the act of July 2d, 1864, which enacts that it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury, with the approval of the President, to authorize agents to purchase for the United States any products of States declared in insurrection, did not confer the power to license trading within the military lines of the enemy. United States v. Lane, 185. 5. By the regulations issued under the act, the purchasing agent could not act at all until the person desiring to sell the Southern products made application, in writing, stating that he owned or controlled them, stating also their kind, quality, and location; and even then the power of the purchasing agent before the delivery of the products was limited to a stipulation (the form was prescribed) to purchase, and to the giving a certificate that such application was made, and to requesting safe conduct for the party and his property. 1b. 6. Where a seizure of property on land is made under the acts of July 13th, 1861, or of August 6th, 1861, or July 17th, 18(j2, passed in suppression of the rebellion, the claimants are entitled to trial by jury, though the suit be in form a libel of information ; and the suit can be removed into this court by writ of error alone. Union In.,urance Company v. United States (6 Wallace, 765), and Armstrong's Fioundry(lb. 769), affirmed. Morris's Cotton, 507.

RECITAL. See Notice, 2, 3. REGISTRATION OF DEEDS A.N'D MORTGAGES.
isiana.

See llotice; Lou-

RES GEST. E. See Evidence, 5, 6.

INDEX.

697

SALARY. See Government Officer.
SALVAGE. 1. A corporation is not disqualified, by the simple fact of its being a corporation, from maintaining a suit for salvage. Hence, where a service, in its nature otherwise one of salvage, was performed by a stock company, chartered to hire or own vessels manned and equipped to be employed in saving vessels and their cargoes wrecked, and to receive compensation in like manner as private persons, and where the persons actually performing the service had no share in the profits of the company, but were hired and paid under permanent and liberal arrangements and rates of pay-the net profits being divided among stockholders-such service was held to be a salvage service, and the corporation to be entitled to pay as salvors accordingly. The Camanche, 448. 2. Nothing short of a contract to pay a fixed sum at all events, whether successful or unsuccessful, will bar a meritorious claim forsalvage. 1b. 3. A salvage service is none the less so, because it is rendered under a contract which regulates the mode of ascertaining the compensation to be paid, but makes the payment of any compensation contingent upon substantial success. Ib. 4. Decrees in salvage will not be disturbed as to their amount, unless for a clear mistake, or gross over-allowance of the court below. Ib.
SECRETARY OF WAR. See War Department.
SOLDIERS' PAY.
The act of June 20th, 1864, increasing the pay of private soldiers in the army, cannot be construed as having the effect of increasing the allowance to officers for servants' pay. UnitedStates v. Gilmore, 330.
SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE. See Equity.
STATE BANKS.
The tax of ten per centum imposed by the act of July 13th, 1866, on the notes of State banks paid out after the Ist of August, 1866, is warranted by the Constitution. Veazie Bank v. Fenno, 534.
STATES
May bind themselves permanently by a promise made by one legislature, and which subsequent legislatures cannot set aside, not to tax the' property of particular charitable institutions, or institutions of learning; and if the institutions are organized on the faith of such promise, the promise becomes a contract whose obligation the State cannot impair. Home of the Friendless v. Rouse, and The Washington University v. Rouse, 430, 439.
STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS, THE. Has no application to an express trust where there is no disclaimer. Seymour v. Freer,202.

698

IINDEX.

STATUTES OF THE UNITED STATES. The following, among others, referred to, commented on, or construed. September 24, 1789. See Admiralty, 1, 2; Habeas Corpus, I ; Jurisdiction, 1-16; Pleading, 4-5; Practice, 1-9. March 3, 1803. See Jurisdiction,12. April 14, 1818. See War Department. July 4, 1836. See Patent. July 4, 1836. See PublicLands. August 23, 1842. See Government Officer. August 26, 1842. See Government Officer. February 14, 1847. See Jurisdiction,12, 13. February 22, 1847. See Jurisdiction,16. February 22, 1848. See Jurisdiction,16. August 3, 1848. See Contract, 2, 3. March 3, 1849. See Public Lands. July 29, 1850. See illortgageof Vessels. February 26, 1853. See Practice,16. June 14, 1860. See California Land Claims. February 28, 1861. See Mail, United States. March 2, 1861. See War Department, 3. July 13, 1861. See Rebellion, The, 1-3, 6; Trial by Jury. August 6, 1861. See Rebellion, The, 6; Trialby Jury. February 2.5, 1862. See Legal Tender. July 11, 1862. See Legal Tender. July 17, 1862. See Rebellion, The, 6; Trial by Jury. March 3, 1863. See Legal Tender. June 3, 1864. See National Banks; Pleading, 1-3. June 20, 1864. See Soldiers' Pay. June 30, 1864. See Internal Revenue. July 2, 1864. See Rebellion, The, 4, 5. July 13, 1866. See ConstitutionalLaw, 4-6. February 5, 1867. See Habeas Corpus. March 27, 1868. See Habeas Corpus.
STATUTES, IMPLIED REPEAL OF. See Tennessee.
STATUTES, RULES OF CONSTRUING. 1. A section df one statute not very reasonable as read in the section itself, may be read by the light of a section of an earlier statute on the same general subject; and the effect of the former largely extended thereby.
K"ennedy v. Gibson et al. 498. 2. Constructions of statutes, in relation to the accounts of individuals
with the United States, made by the accounting officers of the treasury, especially when so long continued as to become a rule of departmental practice, are entitled to great consideration, and will in general be adopted by this court. United States v. Gilmore, 330. 8: But when, after such a construction of a particular class of statutes has been long continued, its application to a recent statute of the same class is prohibited by Congress, and following the spirit of that prohibition, the accounting officers refuse to apply the disapproved con

