CLARK V. IREYBURN.

[Sup. Or.

Statement of the case.

have no better claim to be so regarded than the opinion of the court, which accompanies the record.
If, however, it could be treated as part of the record, it affords no conclusive evidence that the rehearing was granted on that ground.
But if we could infer that the rehearing was granted because the court was of opinion that it had not well considered that question, it is to be remembered that the reargument took place four months afterwards, that there is nothing to show what might then have been presented by counsel on either side, or what might have been considered by the court, for the case was fully opened, by setting aside the former judgment, to every consideration which could rightfully influence the decision. It is hardly a reasonable inference, under these circumstances, that the court did decide the case on the question of the statute of limitation, and certainly it does not appear that the case was necessarily decided on that question, or that the proposition was essential to the judgment.
It is our opinion, therefore, that under the repeated decisions of this court, this record presents no case of which we have jurisdiction. The writ of error is therefore
DISMISSED.

CLARK V. REYBURN.
1. A decree of strict foreclosure, which does not find the amount due, which allows no time for the payment of the debt and the redemption of the estate, and which is final and conclusive in the first instance, cannot, in the absence of some special law authorizing it, be sustained.
2. No such special law exists in Kansas. 3. Where, after a mortgage of it, real property has been conveyed in trust
for the benefit of children, both those in being, and those to be born ; all children in esse at the time of filing the bill of foreclosure, should be made parties. Otherwise, the decree of foreclosure does not take away their right to redeem. A decree in such a case against the trustee alone, does not bind the cestui que trusts.
APPEAL from a decree of the Circuit Court for the District of Kansas, in a case in which one Reyburn had filed an

Dec. 1868.]

CLAR K V. R:EYBURN .

Statement of the case.
amended bill in equity against Jeremiah Clark, and Florinda his wife, and also against one Few, to foreclose a mortgage given by Clark and wife to him, Reyburn, on certain land then owned by them, and afterwards conveyed by them to the said Few, in trust for Mrs. Clark, during her life, and for the children of herself and of her then husband after her death.
Messrs. Clough and Wheat, for the appellants, submitted an
elaboratebrief of Mr. L. B. Wheat, urging with several others, the objections taken by the court to the decree. Mr. Black, eontra; a brief of Mr. -. Stillings beingfi.ed on the same side.

Mr. Justice SWAYNE stated the case, and delivered the opinion of the court.
This is an appeal in equity. Reyburn is the complainant. Florinda Clark and Few only were made defendants by the original bill. She answered. Few filed a plea. and demurred. On the 5th of May, 1862, leave was given to the complainant to amend his bill, and leave was given to Mrs. Clark to withdraw her answer. It had been filed as her answer in a former case, and was refiled in this case. The court ordered it to be restored to the files from which it had been taken. The complainant thereupon filed an amended bill whereby Jeremiah Clark was brought into the case as a defendant.
The amended bill states the following case:
That on the 80th of April, 1859, Jeremiah Clark executed to the complainant his promissoyy note for $5250, payable twelve months from date, with interest after maturity at the rate of twenty-five per cent. per annum. On the same day,
lark and wife executed to the complainant a mortgage upon the real estate therein described, conditioned to secure the payment of the note. The mortgage was acknowledged by the grantors, and duly recorded. Clark failed ti pay the note at maturity. The complainant, on the 5th of October, 1861, filed his bill of foreclosure against the same parties who

CLARK V. REYBURN. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ct.

are defendants in this suit. Before the hearing, the bill was dismissed as to Mrs. Clark and Few. It was adjudged and decreed that there was due from Jeremiah Clark $8565.77; that he should be forever barred and foreclosed of any interest in the mortgaged premises, and that they should be sold by the marshal, and the proceeds applied to the payment of the amount found due. On the 27th of December, 1861, the marshal sold the premises to the complainant for $7000, and on the 23d of that month executed to him a deed for the property. That there was still due to the complainant upon the decree the sum of $1884.25, for the payment of which, the interest of Florinda Clark in the mortgaged premises is chargeable. That the defendant, Few, under a deed from Clark and wife to him in trust, claims to have the interest of a trustee in the property, which interest accrued subsequently to that of the complainant, and is inferior and subject to his mortgage. The prayer of the bill is for a decree of foreclosure as to the interest of Florinda Clark and Few in the mortgaged premises, and for general relief.
Few filed an answer which sets forth, that about the 12th of January, 1860, Clark and wife executed to him, in trust, a deed for the same premises described in the mortgage; that the persons for whose benefit the deed was made were Florinda Clark, the wife of Jeremiah Clark, and their children, then born or thereafter to be born, and the lawful heirs of such children, with certain limitations as to the further disposition of the property as set forth in the deed, a copy of which it is stated is annexed to the answer of Mrs. Clark to the amended bill in this case. As to all the other matters set forth in the bill, he avers that he has no knowledge, and he disclaims all interest in the matter in controversy, except as such trustee. He prays that the court will adjudge fairly between the parties in interest, and that he may be dismissed with costs.
Clark and wife failed to answer. The trust deed referred to in the'answer of Few, as made a part of the answer of Mrs. Clark, is not in the record. No replication was filed by the complainant, and no testimony was taken upon either

:Dec. 1868.]

CLARK v. lREYBURN.

321.

Opinion of the court.

side. The bill was taken ro confesso'as to Clark and wife, and the case stood upon the bill and answer as to Few.
The court decreed that all the defendants should be forever barred and foreclosed of their right of redemption in the mortgaged premises. The decree does not find either the fact or the amount of the alleged indebtedness. It is silent upon the subject. The record shows no proceeding in relation to it. No time was given either to Mrs. Clark or her trustee within which to pay and redeem. The foreclosure was unconditional, and was made absolute at once. The appeal is prosecuted to reverse the decree.

In our view of the case it will be sufficient to consider one of the numerous objections insisted upon by the counsel for the appellants.
The sale and conveyance by the marshal transferred the entire interest of Jeremiah Clark in the mortgaged premises to Reyburn, but it did not in any wise affect the equity of redemption which had been vested in Few by the trust deed of Clark and wife to him.* The equity of redemption would have been barred and extinguished by the decree which ordered the premises to be sold if the proper parties had been before the court when it was made. The bill in that case having been dismissed as to Mrs. Clark and Few, the proceedings left their rights in full force. They were before the court in the case now under consideration, and the trust estate was then for the first time liable to be affected by its action. If there was a balance of the debt secured by the mortgage still unpaid, they were properly proceeded against, and the complainant was entitled to relief. The question to be considered relates to the character of the decree.
Can a decree of strict foreclosure, which does not find the amount due, which allows no time for the payment of the debt and the redemption of the estate, and which is final and conclusive in the first instance, be sustained?
The equity of redemption is a distinct estate from that

Childs v. Ohilds and, others, 10 Ohio State, 339.

VOL. virr.

21

822

CLARK V. REYBURN.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

which is vested in the mortgagee before or after condition broken. It is descendible, devisable, and alienable like other interests in real property.* As between the parties to the mortgage the law protects it with jealous vigilance. It not only applies the maxim "once a mortgage always a mortgage," but any limitation of the right to redeem, as to time or persons, by a stipulation entered into when the mortgage is executed, or afterwards, is held to be oppressive, contrary o public policy, and void. By the common law, when the condition of the mortgage was broken, the estate of the mortgagee becaine indefeasible. At an early period equity interposed and permitted the mortgagor, within a reasonable time, to redeem upon the payment of the amount found to be due. The debt was regarded by the chancellor, as it has been ever since, as the principal, and the mortgage as only an accessory and a security. The doctrine seems to have been borrowed from the civil law.t After the practice grew up of applying to the chancellor to foreclose the right to redeem upon default in the payment of the debt at maturity, it was always an incident of the remedy that the mortgagor should be allowed a specified time for the payment of the debt. This was fixed by the primary decree, and it might be extended once or oftener, at the discretion of the chancellor, according to the circumstances of the case. It was only in the event of final default that the foreclosure was made absolute.
In this country the proceeding in most of the States, and perhaps in all of them, is regulated by statute. The remedy thus provided when the mortgage is executed enters into the convention of the parties, in so far that any change by legislative authority which affects it substantially, to the injury of the mortgagee, is held to be a law "impairing the obligation of the contract" within the meaning of the provision of the Constitution upon the subject. +
At the date of the execution of this mortgage the act of
1 Powell on Mortgages, 252; 2 Greenleaf's Cruise, 128.
t 2 Greenleaf's Cruise, 77-78; Spence's Equity Jurisdiction, 601-603. 1 Bronson v. Kinzie, 1 Howard, 311; Williamson v. Doe, 7 Blackford, 13.

:Dec. 1868.]

CLARK v. REYBURN.

Opinion of the court.

the territorial legislature of Kansas of 1855, " concerning

mortgages," was in force. It directed that in suits upon

mortgages the mortgagee should recover a judgment for.the

amount of his debt, "to be levied of the mortgaged prop-

erty," and that the premises should be sold under a special

fierifacias. But it also provided that nothing contained in the act should be so construed as to "prevent a mortgagee,

or his assignee or the representative of either, from pro-

ceeding in a court of chancery to foreclose a mortgage ac-

cording to the course of proceeding in -chancery in such

cases."* This gave to the complainant in the case before us

the option to proceed in either way. He elected to file a

bill in equity. No rule of practice bearing upon the subject,

established by the court below, has been brought to our

attention.

The 90th rule of equity. practice adopted by the Supreme

Court, directs that where no rule prescribed by this court, or

by the Circuit Court, is applicable, the practice of the Circuit

Court shall be regulated by the practice of the High Court

of Chancery in England, so far as it can be applied consistently with the local circumstances and convenience of the

district where the court is held.

The equity spoken of in the Process Act of 1792, is the

equity of the English chancery system.t

&

Spence says: "At length, in the reign of Charles I, it

was established that in all cases of mortgages, where the

money was actually paid or tendered, though after the day,

the mortgage should be considered as redeemed in equity as

it would have been at law on payment before the day; and

from that time bills began to be filed by mortgagees for the

extinction or foreclosure of this equity, unless payment were

made by a short day, to be named."t

The settled English practice is for the decree to order the

amount.due to be ascertained, and the costs to be taxed;

* Statutes of Kansas of 1855, p. 509. t Robinson v. Campbell, 3 Wheaton, 212; Boyle v. Zacharie, 6 Peters, 648. $ Equity Jurisdiction, 603.

CLARK v. REYBURN.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

and that upon the payment of both within six months, the plaintiff shall reconvey to the defendant; but in default of payment within the time limited, "that the said defendant do stand absolutely debarred and foreclosed of and from all equity of redemption of and in said mortgaged premises."* We have been able to find no English case where, in the absence of fraud, a time for redemption was not allowed by the decree. The subject was examined by Chancellor Kent, with his accustomed fulness of research. He came to the conclusion that the time was in the discretion of the chancellor, and to be regulated by the circumstances of the particular case; but he nowhere intimates that such an
allowance could be entirely withheld.t The practice in Illinois is in conformity to these views.t In the light of these authorities we are constrained to hold the decree in the case before us fatally defective.
There is another point upon which we deem it proper to remark before closing this opinion. It was urged by the counsel for the appellants, as a further ground of reversal, that the children of Clark and wife, who are alleged to be beneficiaries under the trust deed, were not before the court. It does not appear by anything in the case that there were such children in esse. If the facts were as alleged, it is clear that they should have been made parties. Otherwise their right to redeem could not be taken away by the decree. A decree against the trustee alone does not, in such a case as this, bind the cestui que trusts.§

The decree is REVERSED, and the cause will -be remanded to the court below for further proceedings
IN CONFORMITY TO THIS OPINION.

* 2 Daniel's Chancery Practice, 1016 ; 1 Seton on Decrees, 346.
t Perine v. Dunn, 4 Johnson's Chancery, 140.
: Johnson v. Donnell, 15 Illinois, 97. Collins v. Lofftus & Co., 10 Leigh, 5; Calvert on Parties, 121.

DECISIONS
IN THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
DECE ER TERM, 1868.

GIRARD V. PHILADELPHIA.

1. Where a testator devises the income of property in trust primarily for one object, and if the income is greater than that object needs, the surplus to others (secondary ones), a bill in the nature of a bill quia timet. and in anticipation of an incapacity in the trusts fo be executed hereafter, and when a surplus arises (there being no'surplus now, nor the prbspect
of any), will not lie by heirs at law (supposing them otherwise entitled, which here they were decided not to be), to have this surplus appropriated to them on the ground of the secondary trusts havng, subsequently to th6 testator's death, become incapable of execution. 2. Neither the identity of a municipal corporation, nor its right to hold property devised to it, is destroyed by a change of its name, an enlaigemont of its area, or an increase in the number of its corporators. And these are changes which the legislature has power to make. 3. Under the will of Stephen Girard (for the terms of which see the case infra), the whole final residuary of his estate, was left to the old city of Philadelphia in trust, to apjily the income;
i. F:or the maintenanc and improvementof his college as a primary object, and after that-
ii. T6 improye its police;

iii. To improve the city property and'the general appearance of the city, and to diminish the burden of taxation:
The court having declared that so long as any portion of the income should be found, necessary for improvement and maintenance of the col-. lege, the spcond and third objects could claim nothing, and the whole income being, in fact, necessary for the college,
HeZd-i. That ho question arose at this time as co whether the new

VOL.VI

1

()

GIRARD V. PHILADELPHIA.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

city should apply the surplus under the trusts for the secondary objects to the benefit of the new city, or to that portion'of it alope embraced in the limits of the old one.
ii. That whether or not, the trusts being, as was decided'in Vidal v.
Girard(2 Howard, 127), in themselves valid, Girard's heirs could not inquire or contest the right of the city corporation to take the property or to execute the trust; this right belonging to the State alone as parems 2 afrcv.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court fbr the Eastern District of Pennsylvania; the case as presented by bill and answer
being thus:
The city of Philadelphia, as originally laid out in 1683, and as incorporated in 1701, was situated upon a rectangular plot of ground, bounded in one direction by two streets called\Vine and South, a mile apart, and in the other by two rivers (the Delaware and Schuylkill), two miles apart;-
the corporate title of the city being "theMayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Philadelphia." Upon the neck of land above described the corporate city continued to be contained until 1854; the inhabitants outside or adjoinifig it being incorporated at different times, and as their numbers extended, into bodies politic, under different names, by the State legislature, and with the cifty, forming the county of Philadelphia. In1798, the Revolution having dissolved the old corporation, the legislature incorporated the city with larger powers; and prior to 1854, nearly twenty acts had been passed altering that law, and forming, the whole of them, what was popularly called the charter of the city; but as already said, from 1683 to 1854, the city limits were the same.
In this state of things Stephen Girard,.in 1831, after sundry bequests to his relatives and friends, and to certain specified charities, and after announcing that his great and favorite object was the establishment of a college for the education of poor orphaps, and that, together with the object adverted to, lie had sincerely at heart the welfare of the city of Philadelphia, and as a part of it, was desirous to improve the neighborhood of the river Delaware, so that the eastern part

Dec.. 1868.]

GIRARD V. PILkDELP.IA.

Statement of the case.

of the city might be made better to corfespond with the into-. tior-left by will the real and personal residue of an estatek of some millions of dollars, to "the Mayor, Aldermen and 'Citizens of Philadelphia," that is to say, to the city corporatlon above described, in trust, so far as regarded his real estate in Pennsylvania (this being the important part of his realty), that no part of it should ever be alienated, but should be let on lease, and that after repairing and improving it, the net residue should be applied to the same purposes as the residue of his personal estate, and that as regarded that, it should be held in trust as to $2,000,000, to expend it, or as much as might'be necessary, in constructing aid furnishing a, college and out-buildings for the education and maintenance of not less than three hundred orplhans. A lot near Philadelphia, of forty-five acres, wasdevoted for
these structures, and the orphans might come from an r part of Pennsylvania (orphans from the city of Philadelphia having a preference dyer others outside), or from the cities' of New York or New Orleans.
After many and, very special directions as to thecollege, followbd by a bequest of $500,000 for a city purpose, the will
proceeded.:.

"If the income arising from that part of the said sum of $2,000,000 remaining after the construction and furnishing of the college and out-buildings shall, owing to the increase of the number of orphans applying for admission, or other causeo be inadequate, to the bonstruction of,new buildings, or the maintenance and education of as many orphans as may apply for ad; mission, then such further sum asmay be necessary for the constrwc)ion of new buildings, and the maintenance and education of such further number of orphans as can be maintained and
instructed within such buildings, as the said square of ground shall be adequate to, shall be taken from the flnal residuaryfundhereinafter expressly referred to for the.pui'pose, comprehending -the income of my real estate in the city :and county of Philadelphia,
and the dividends of my stock iii the Schuylkill Navigation Company; my design and desire being that the bdn6fits of said institution shall be' extended to as great a number of orphanR

-IRARD V. PHILADELPHIA.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

as the limits of the said square and buildings therein can accommodate."

This final residuary fund was directed to be invefted, and the income applied-
"1st. To the further improvement and maintenance of the aforesaid college [as directed in the last quoted paragraph].
'2d. To enable the city to improve its police. "3d. To enable it to improve the city property, and the general appearance of the city itself, and in effect to diminish the burden of taxation, now most oppressive."

"To all which objects," the will proceeded, "the prosperity of the city, and the health and cpmfort of its inhabitants, I devote the said fund as aforesaid, and direct the income thereof to be applied yearly and every year forever, after providing for the college as hereinbefore directed as my primary object."
In conclusion, he directed that if the city should wilfully violate any of the conditions of his will, the remainder of his estate should go to the commonwealth of Pennsy:lvania for certain purposes, excepting, however, the income from his real estate in the city and county of Philadelphia, which it was to hold for the college; and if the commonwealth failed so to apply it, the remainder should go in the same way to the i0 nited States.
The above described city corporation, "the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Philadelphia," having accepted the trust, and built and furnished the college and out-buildings, administcred the charity through its organs until 1854. By that time twenty-eight municipal corporations, making the residue of the county, had grown up around the old "city;" some near, some far off, some populous, some occupied yet by farms. They comprised "districts," boroughs, townships, were of various territorial extent, and diiered in the details of their respective organizations. In the year named, the legislature of *Pennsylvania passed what is known in Philadelphia as the Consolidation Act.

De6. 1868.]

G6IRARD V. PHILADELPHIA. Statement of the case.

By this act the administration 'of all concerns of the twenty-nine corporations, including their debts, taxes, property, police, and whatever else pertained to municipal office, and also the government of the county itself; were consolidated into one. All the powers, rights, privilege§, and immunities incident to a municipal corpo ation, and necessary for the proper government of the same, and those or "the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Philadelphia," and "all the powers, rights, privileges, and immunities, possessed and enjoyed by the other twenty-eight corporate bodies, which, with the old city, made up the county of Philadelphia;" and also "the board of police of the polic'e district, the commissioners of the county of Philadelphia, the treasurer and auditor thereof, the county board, the commissioners of the sinking fund, and the supervisors of the township,' were, *byvirtue of the process of consolidation, vested in "the city of Philadelphia, ,As established by this act." A police board was to fix the whole number of policemen "for the service of the whole city." The "right, title, and interest," of the ",everal municipal corporations mentioned in this act, of, in, and to all the lands, tenements, and heredi-
taments,, goods, chattels, moneys, eflHcts, and of, in, and to all other property and estate whatsoever and wheresoever, belonging to any, or either of. them," were "vested in the cityof Philadelphia," and all "estates and incomes held in trust by the county, present city, and each of the townships, districts, and other municipal corporations, united by this act," were "vested in the city,of Philadelphia, upon andfor the same uses, trusts,limitations, charities,and conditions, as .the same are now held by the said corporations respectively." The act also declared that the new city cqrporation should be "vested with all the powers, rights, privileges, and immunities," of the old one. 'The "net debt .of the countfy of
Philadelphia, and, the several net debts of the guardians for the relief and. employment of the poor of the city of Philadelphia," and of the board of health, "afid of the controllers of the public schools," and of such of the said twenty-nine municipalities, eighteen being enumerated, as

GIRARD V. PHILADELPHIA.

[Sup. CL.

Statement of the case.

had contracted debts, were consolidated and formed into one debt, to be called the debt of the city of Philadelphia, in lieu of the present separate debts so consolidated. The consolidation was carried into fulj effect. The act provided that thb corporators of the new city, having elected a mayor and councils, the councils should direct the mayor to appoint a day when "all the powers, rights, privileges, and immunities possessed and enjoyed" by the various corporations, and those also of thp old city, should "'cease and terminate;" and the councils did accordingly, by resolution, direct the mayor to "issue his proclamation forthwith dissolving the aifferent corporations superseded by the act, to take effect, on the 80th iuntant ;" and in obedience thereto, the mayor, by public proclamation, dated the 24th June, 1854, proclaimed that "all the powers, rights, privileges, and immunities possessed and enjoyed" by the now late twentyeight municipalities, and "by the present mayor and councilmen" of the city of Philadelphia, from the said 30th day
of June, 1854, should "cease and terminate." The old city covered about two square miles; the new
one, which covered the whole old county of Philadelphia, about a hundred and twenty-nine. In point of population, however, the old city embraced a fourth or fifth part of all the inhabitants of the new one. In the popular branch of the new city legislature, composed of eighty-five members, the old city enjoyed twenty. In the higher branch it had six members, the residue having eighteen. The debt of the old city had been small, and its credit high. By the consolidation the debt became large.
By the Consolidation Act, it may be well to add, the coun cils of the city, in laying taxes, were required so to lay them as to show how much was ]aid for each object supported, respectively, and this exhibition was required by the act to be printed on the tax-bills furnished to the tax-payers, as
thus:

"For the relief of the poor, 15 cents in th6 $100 of the as. sessed value of said property.

De. 1868.].

GIRAR-D V. PHIIADLPWIA.

Argument for the heirs.

"For public schools, 28 cents in the $100 of the asessed value of said property.
"For lighting the city, 9 cents in the $100 of the assessed value of said property.
SCFor loa-i tax, 75 cents i the $100 of the assessed value of
said property. "1Foerxpenses of police, 22 cents in the $100 of the assessed-value
of said property, &6., &c., &c.

In the erection and furnishing of the college and outbuildings, the whole fund of $2,000,000 was exhausted, and the whole income of the final residuary fund was now habitually drawn upon for the maintenance and education of the orphans, nunibering, at the time when the bill was filed, about three hundred and thirty, and limited to this number, because the income from even the residuary fund was iuadequate to the maintenance an4 education of a greater number. Howevei, a part of Girard's estate consisted of coal lands in Pennsylvania, not yet ripe for being workedi whose value was largely increasing, and from which, when it should be found expedient to work them, the revenue would, perhaps, be very great.
In this state of things certain heirs of Girard filed their bill in the court below, praying an account; and that a master might be appointed to inquire into the gross value, anhl then present capacity for annual yield of the coal lands, and if such an inquiry showed a capacity for afibrding incone "immensely" 'beyond all the wants of the college, and all proper charges on the estate, that then, if the court should be of opinion that the whole residuary estate was applicable to the college (a matter denied by the bill), that it would decree "such surplus, found to exist beyond and beside all possible and lawful wants of the college," &c., to the com-
plainants. The court below dis'nissed the kill, which action of it was
the ground of the appeal.

Mfr. . Ingersoll,for the heirs, admitting that the validity of the trusts of. Girard's will had been settled by this court

GIRARD V. PHILADELPHIA['

[Sup. Ct.

Argument for the heirs.

in Tidal v. Girard,*and stating that the present case turned
upon the supposed intention of the testator, contended: 1. That the final residuary fund, applicable'to the support
of the college, was only that described as "my real estate in the city and county of Philadelphia, and the dividends of my stock in the Schuylkill Navigation Company," and that of the coal lands, and other remaining property, Girard had died intestate.
2. That if this were not so, yet, that with the complete annihilation of the old city corporation, and its absorption or merger into the immense body politic created by the Consolidation Act, the whole object of the testator, beyond the college, fell to the ground; that
(i.) The new city became inoompetent to act as a trustee, and
(ii.) That if it still were, competent, the trusts themselves, beyond the college, were now incapable of execution.
The old city-" the city "-was, after the college, the sole object of Girard's bounty. The suburbs were absolutely excluded from it. He wished to improve, finish, and adorn municipal work already far advanced; an object practicable when the city was but two miles square, and mostly built on; impracticable when an immense county-with swamps to be drained, hills to be levelled, and valleys to be raised; iIrm land largely, a suburb sempiternal-was d6nverted by name, but not in fact, into a city. The whole city legislature was changed. To disunite the controi from the beneficial interest, and give the command to those who are not citizens, is to violate the will. Yet those who, by the will, would now have the control of the Girard estates, were a feeble minority, incapable of protecting it against those who
had an interest immediately opposed to its going to the limited space which the testator designed, and an interest ,directly in favor of appropriating it to themselves. The devise was to municipal discretion; the discretion of the late city; a discretion controllable by its own citizens. The

* 2 Howard, 127.

ne. -1869.]. GIRARD' V. PHILDELPHIA.
Argument for the heirs.
testator having excluded all parts but that known to him as the city, the new city could not hol4 the estated for itself; that is to say, for the region of th'e twenty-nine municipalities, twenty-eight of which were not devisdd to, but excluded froin devise. Having had a right, as he had, to devise as he did, to one municipality exclusively of the others, no legislature could make over his property to the excluded districts, contrary to his will. Conceding that perhaps the franchises of the old city might have been extended overmore territory, and its capacities enlarged,'yet the annexaItion of twenty-eight municipalities, and the-addition of sixtyfour times more territory, with room for sixty-four times more population, and the consolidation and merger of them' with the city, and, a complete fusion and recast of the whole-this was a different thing. The old city had, moreover, been, in'form, dissolved; and, if it had not been, yet the body now pretending to \be the devisee, was a body unknown to the testator; one composed of elements foreign to his devise; in fact, not his devisee.- The devise had so lapsed. The new city was thus unfit and incapable of being trustee, even if the trusts, after and beyond the college, were longer capable of being executed. But
2. These'trusts could not now, either administratively'or arithmetipally, be executed.
In Soohanv. The City,* decided after the Consolidation Act, it was held that orphans, born in the limits of the old city, were entitled to the same preference as they had previously enjoyed; in other words, that orphans born beyond the limits of the old city were not, in the sense of the will, orphans born in the city; in fast, that the old city and new city were not the same thing. E ow.was the police of the old city since the consolidation to be,improved? In te first place the old city no longer existed. Moreover, the testator could not endow one part of the police; for the force is not divided into parts. There, is no police for the old city apart 'from the remaining region which With it makes the new
83 Penntylvania State, 9.-

GIRARD V. PHILADELPHIA.

[Sup. Or.

Argument for the city.

city. The police is one. - The policemen are by the terms of the act to be "for the whole city." It spreads undivided, and everywhere alike.
Or how apply the income, easily applied to beautify the ancient city, to improve the "general appearance" of a region d hundred and twenty-nine miles square, far the larger part of which was no city, but on the coitrary, farms?
Or how apply it to diminish taxation in the old city, taxes being of necessity now laid uniformly throughout the whole vastly greater region alke?
The doctrine of cy-pres, illustrated in Richard Baxter's well-known case,* was inapplicable to our States, where there was no established religion, and did not help the matter. The surplus income beyond the wants of the college thus went, the learned counsel contended, to the heirs.

Messrs. Meredith and Olmstead, contra:
1. The college is the object to which all others are subservient. And if the trusts for municipal purposes cannot be executed by any one, then the whole trust estate must be applied for the purposes of the college.t Public trusts and charitable trusts may be considered as synonymous.1
2.' The trust for municipal purposes .was to have effect only if there was a surplus beyond the wants of the college. There is no such surplus. -There can be, therefore, no question now. And with forty-five acres of ground to be covered
by college buildings, and the whole State of Pennsylvania with the cities of New York and New Orleans as a field from which to bring fatherless children, it is not likely that any surplus will ever arise. Coal dug from coal lands is not income from those lands. It is the land itself. When the coal is exhausted, as by mining it will be, the land has little

1 Vernon, 248.
t Case of Thqtford School, 8 Reports, 131; Pickering v. Shotwell, 10 Pennsylvania State, 23; McLain v,School Directors, 51 Id. 196; City V. Girard's Heirs, 45 Id. 28.
1 Cresson's Appeal, 30 Pennsylvania State, 450; Magill v. Brown, Brighthy, 360; Attorney General v. Aspinwall, 2 Mylne & Craig, 622.

De6:186.8.].

GIE-ARD V. PHILADELPHrA.

Argument for the city.

value. The proceeds of the coal.must be invested as capital, and income from it alone used.'
8. The Consolidation Act by, express terms declared that trusts held by any of 'th'e old corporations should remain inviolate in the ne W. Independently of which, the change'of name or enlargement of franchises does not destroy the, identity.of a municipal corporation.*
4, The devise for municipal purposes-if it be a devise in trust and not a gift to the mayor, aldermen, &e., absolutely (in which latter case clearly the heirs have no right to an account)-can be executed if'ever a surplus shall exist.. Our,
afiswer to the bill illustrates some of the modes. It hays-:
"9The defendants can apply such surplus to tfie cost of main taining'the police in that part of the new city which formerly made the-old one, and, reduce the-rate of taxation for the sup." port'of the police, on the property situated within these limits, to the difference between the sum applicable from the residuary for that purpose, and ihe sum assessed on property outside' of" the said limits; and if the.sum applicable from the said residuary for the expenses of the pqlice,'will ,amount to the whole sum necessary' for such expenses within the said 'limits, they may levyne tax'upon property within the said limits for such' expenses. If such surplus will exceed the afount needed for the police expenses -ithin the said limits, they will be enabled to improv6 the corporate 'property -within the said limits, or apply it to improve the appearance of that portion of the city without 'resort to taxation for that purpose. And if it will be within the terms ol the trust to disregard the specific objects men-
tigned, then they may and can pay such surplus, beyond that
which is needed for the nec6ssities of the collegq, directly,into
the city treasury in aid of 'the tax fund, and levy and assess'
upon the property within the said limits a sum less the amount
so paid in aid of that fand."t

5. If the trust for municipal purposes has been forfeited by the aes of the trustees, then by the terms of'the will,
Luttrel's Case, 4 Reports, 88; Haddock's Case, Sir T. Raymond, 439 S. C. 1 'Ventris, 855.
t See Kirby v. Shaw, 19 Pennsylvania Statei 258.

12

GIRARD V. PHILADELPHIA.

[Sup. CtL

Opinion of the court.
it is forfeited to the commonwealth. But if it cannot be executed, and if the "ollege is not entitled to take the income, who is entitled to the funds? The commonwealth, as parens patrie. If the devise had been to A. and his heirs, and A. had died without heirs, the estate would not go to the heirs of the testator, but would escheat. There is no reason why, in the case of a devise in trust for a charity, which has vested and taken effect and fails, a different rule should exist.*
Mr. Justice GRIER delivered -the opinion of the court, and after observing thht the attempt to restrain the alienation of the realty, being inoperative, could not affect the validity ot the devise, and that the income of the whole residuary was devoted' to the three objects stated by the testator, the college being the "primary object," and that so long as any portion of this residuary fund should be found necessary for 5'its improvement and maintenance," on the plan and to the extent declared in the will, the second and third objects could claim nothing-proceeded as follows:
The bill admits this to be a valid charity, and claims only the residue after that is satisfied. Now, it is admitted (for it has been so decided),t that till February, 1854, the corporation was vested with a complete title to the whole residue of the estate of Stephen Girard, subject to these charitable trusts, and consequently, at that date, his heirs at law had nb right, title, or interest whatsoever in the same. But the bill alleges that the act of the legislature of that date (commonly called the "Consolidation Act"), which purports to be a supplement to the original act incorporating the city, has either dissolved or destroyed the identity of the original corporation, and it is consequently unable any longer to administer the trust. Now, if this were true, the only

Attorney-Generai v. Ironmongers' Company, 2 Bevan, 313; Magill v. Brown, Brightly, 395; Fountain v. Ravenal, 17 Howard, 369; Guardians of the Poor v. Green, 5 Binney, 558; Cresson's Appeal, 30 -PennsylvaniaState, t50.
t Vidal v Girard, 2 Howard, 127.

Dec. 1868.]

eGIRARD V. PHILAi)ELPHIA.

Opinion df the court.

conseqhence would be, not that the charities or trust should fail, but thatthe chancellor should substitute another trustee.
Itis not insisted that the mere change or abbreviation of the name has destroyed the identity of the corporation. The bill even admits that a small addition to its teiritory and jurisdictionmight not have that effect, but that the annexation of twenty-nine boroughs and townships has smothered it to death, or rendered it utterly incapable of administering trusts or charities committed to it when its boundaries were Vine and South Strefts, and the two rivers. There is nothing to be found in the letter or spirit of this act which shows any intention in the legislature to destroy the original corporation, either by changing its name,-enlarging its territory, or increasing the number of its corporators. On the contrary, "all its powers, rights, privileges and immninities, &c., are continued' in full vigoi and effect." It provides, also, that "all the estates, &e.," held by any of the corporations united by the act, shall be held "upon and for the same uses, trusts, limitations, charities, and conditions, as the same were then held."
By the act of 4th of April, 1852, the corporation was "authorized to exercise all such jurisdiction, to enact all such ordinances, and to do and execute all such acts and things whatsoever, as may be necessary for the full and entire acceptance, execution, and prosecution of any and all the devises, bequests; trusts, and provisions contained in said will." It may. also "provide, by ordinance or otherwise, for the election and appointment of such officers and. agents as they may deem essential to the due execution of the duties and trusts enjoined and created by-the Will of the late Stephen Girard."
Now, it cannot be pretended that the legislature had not the power to appoint another trustee if the act had dissolved the corporation, or to continue the rights, duties, trusts, &c., in the enlarged corporation.. It has done so, and has given the widest powers to the trustee to administer the trusts and charities, according to the intent of the testator, as declared in his will.

14

GIRARD V. PHILADELPHIA.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.
The legislature may alter, modify, or even annul the franchises of a public.municipal corporation, although it may not impose burdens on it without its consent. In this case the corporation has assented to accept the changes, assume the burdens, and perform the duties imposed upon it; and it is difficult to conceive how they can have forfeited their right to the charities which the law makes it their duty to administer. The objects of the testator's charity remain the same, while the city, large or small, exists; the trust is an existing and valid one, the trustee is vested by law with the estate, and the fullest power and authority to execute the trust.
Whatever the fears or fancy of the complhinants may be, as to the moral ability of this overgrown corporation, there is no necessary or natural inability which prohibits it from administering this charity as faithfully.as it could before its increase. In fact, it is a matter in which the complainants have no concern whatever, or any right to intervene. If the trust be not rightly administered, the eestui que trust, or the sovereign may require the courts to compel a proper execution.
In the case of Vidal,* the Supreme Court say, that "if. the trusts were in themselves valid in point of law, it is plain that. neither the heirs of the testator, or any other private person, would have any right to inquire into or conteat the right of the corporation to take the property or execute the trust; this' would exclusively belong to the State in its sovereign capacity, and as parens patrie, and its sole discretion."
This is not an assertion that the, legislature, -as parens patri6e, may interfere, by retrospective acts, to exercise the ey-pres power, which has become so odious from its applica. tion in England to what were called superstitious uses. Ba'xter's case, and other similar ones, cannot be precedents where there is no established church which treats all dissent as superstition. But it cannot admit of a doubt that, where there is a valid devise to d corporation, in trust for chari.

* 2 Howard, 191.

Dec. IS68.]

GIRARD V. PHILADELPHIA.

Opinion of the court.

table purposes, unaected by any question as t6 its validity because of superstition, the sovereign may interfere to en-force the execution of the trusts, either by changing the administrator, if the corporation be dissolved, or, if not, by mbdifying or enlarging its franchises, provided the trust be not perverted, and no wrong done to the beneficiaries. Where the trustee is a corporation, no modification of its franchises, or change in its-name, while its identity remains, can affect its rights to hold property devised to -it for any purpose. Nor can a valid vested estate, in trust, lapse or become forfeited by an' misconduct in the trustee, or inability in the cbrporation to execute it, if such existed, Oharity never fails; and it is the right, as well as the duty of the sovereign, by its courts and public offioers, as also' by legislation (if needed)) to have the charities properly adminis-tered.
Now, there is no complaint here that the charity, so far as regards the primary and great object of the testator, is not properly administered; and it does not appear that there now is, or ever will be, any residue to epply to the secondary objects. If that time should ever arrive, the question, whether the charity shall be so applied as to have the "effect to diminish the burden of taxation" on all the corporation, or *onlythose within the former boundaries of the city,
will have to be decided. The case of Soohan v. The City, does not decide it; nor is this court bound to decide it. , The answer shows how it may be done, and the corporation has ample power conferred on 'it to execute the trust according to either hypothesis;. and, if further powers were necessary, the legislature, executing the -sovereign power, can certainly grant them. In the meantime the heirs at law of the testator have no concern in-the matter, or any rigbt to interfere by a bill quia timet. Their anticipations of-the future
perversion of the charity by the corruption or folly of.the. enlarged corporation, and the moral impossibility of its just administration, are not sufficient reasons for the interference of this court to seize upon the fund, or any partof it, and to deliver it-up to the complainants, who never had, and by

THE BANKS V. THE MAYOR.

[Sup. -Q.

Syllabus.

the will of Stephen Girard, were not intended to have any right, title, or claim whatsoever to the propbrty.
In. fine, the bill was rightly dismissed, because: 1st. The residue of the estate of Stephen Girard, at the time of his death, was, by his will, vested in the corporation oii valid legal trusts, which it was fully competent to execute. 2d. By the supplement to the act incorporating tile city (commonly called the "Consolidation Act"); the identity of the corporation is not destroyed; nor can the change in its name, the enlargement of its area, or increase in the number of its corporators, affect its title to property held at the time of such change. 3d. The corporation, under its amended charter, has every capacity to hold, and every power and authority necessary to execute the trusts of the will. 4th. That the difficulties anticipated by the bill, as to the executiop of the secondary trusts, are imaginary. They have not arisen, and most probably never will. 5th. And if they should, it is a matter, whether probable or improbable, with which the complainants have no concprn, and cannot have on any possible -contingency.
DECREE AFFIRMED WITH COSTS.

THE BANKS v. THE MAYOR.
1. Where an act of a State legislature authorized the issue of bonds, by way of refunding to banks such portions of a tax as had been assessed on Federal securities inade by the Constitution and statutes of the United States exempt. from' taxation, and the officers who were empowered to issue the obligations refused to sign them, because, as they alleged, a portion of the securities for the tax on which the bank claimed reimbursement, was, in law, not exempt, and the highest court of the State sanctioned this refusal: Held, that this was a decision by a State court against a right, privilege, or immunity claimed under the Constitution or a statute of the United States, and so that this court had jurisdiction, under the 25th section of the Judiciary Act, and the amendatoiy act o6 Fbbruary 5th, 1867.
2. Certificates of indebtedness issued by the United States to creditozs of the

