ALLOTMENT, ETC., OF THE JUDGES
OF THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
As MADE APRIL 4, 1870, UNDER THIE ACTS or CONGrESS OF JULY 23, 1866, AND MARCi 2, 1867.

NAME OF THE JUDGE, AND STATE NUMBER AND TERRITORY OF TIIEIDATE AND AUTHOR OF THEJUDGE'S

WHENCE COMING.

CIRCUIT.

COMMISSION.

CHIEF JUSTICE.
HoN. S. P. CHASE, Ohio.

FOURTH.
MARYLAND, WEST VIRGINIA, VIRGINIA, NORTH CAROLINA, AND SOUTH CAROLINA.

1864. December 6th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

ASSOCIATES.

SECOND.

HON. SAML. NELSON, NEW YORK, VERMONT,

New York.

AND CONNECTICUT.

1845. February 14th.
PRESIDENT TYLER.

HON. WM. STRONG, Pennsylvania.

THIIRD.
PENNSYLVANIA, NEW JERSEY, AND DELAWARE.

1870. February 18th.
PRESIDENT GRANT.

HON. N. CLIFFORD, Maine.

FIRST.

MArNE, NEW HAMPSHIRE,

MASSACIIUSETTS,

AND

RHODE ISLAND.

1858. January 12th.
PRESIDENT BUCHANAN.

FIFTH.

HON. J. P. BRADLEY, GEORGIA, FLORIDA, ALA-

New Jersey.

BAMAM1fISSISsI ei , LOU-

ISIA NA, ANI) TEXAS.

1870. March 21st.
PRESIDENT GRANT.

HON. N. H. SWAYNE, Ohio.

SIXTI. 01IO, MI(,HIOAN , KEN-
TUCKY, AND TENNESSEE.
KIHIITIl.

HON. S. F. MILLER, Iowa.

MINNESOTA, IOWA, 801111, K ANSAS, ARKANSAS.

MISAND

1862. January 24th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
1862. July 16th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

'HON.

DAVID DAVIS, Illinois.

SEVENTI.
INDIANA, ILLINOIS, WISCoNSIN.

1862. December 8th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

HiON. S. J. FIELD, California.

NINTH.
CALIFORNIA.OREGON. ANI NEVADA.

1863. March l0th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

(iv)

JUDGES
OF THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
DURING THE TIME OF THESE REPORTS.

CH'IEF JUSTICE.
ION. SALMON PORTLAND CHASE.

ASSOCIATE'S.

HON. SAMUEL NELSON,
HON. NOAH H. SWAYNE, HON. DAVID DAVIS, HON. WILLIAM STRONG,

HON. NATHAN CLIFFORD,
HON. SAMUEL F. MILLER, HON, STEPHEN J. FIELD, HON. JOSEPI P. BRADLEY.

ATTORNE YS-GENERAL. HON. EBENEZER ROCKWOOD HOAR. HON. AMOS T. AKERMAN,
Appointed June 23, 1870.
CLERK. DANIEL WESLEY MIDDLETON, ESQUIRE.

MEMORANDA.
THE HONORABLE ROBERT COOPER GRIER, late an Associate Justice of this Court, who, on account of increasing physical infirmities, retired from this Bench on the 31st of January, 1870, depat'ted this life at his residence in the city of Philadelphia, on Sunday the 25th of the September following.
THE CHIEF JUSTICE did not participate in any of the judgments reported in this volume after page 141. Nor did Mr. Justice NELSON participate in those reported between pages 141 and 410. Both were detained by indisposition from their seats when the cases were heard or adjudged.
(V )

CASES
ARGUED AND ADJUDGED
OF
THE UNITED STATES,
DECEMBER TERMS, 1869 AND 1870.
REPORTED BY
JOHN WILLIAM WALLACE.
VOL. X.
WASHINGTON, D.C.: W. H. & 0. H. MORRISON,
1871.

Entered, according to Act of Congress, in the year 1871, By W. H. & 0. H. MORRISON,
In the Office of the Librarian of Congress, at Washington.

TABLE OF CASES.

Alexandria Council, Downharn et al. v. Andrews, Jones v.

Ball, The Daniel,

-.

Baltimore v. Baltimore Railroad,

Baltimore Railroad, Baltimore v.

Bank, Merchants' v. State Bank,

Bank of the Republic v. Millard,

Banks, Stovall v..

Barnard v. Kellogg,

Bates v. Equitable Insurance Company,

Beardsley, Tappan v..

Bethel v. Demaret, .

Bird, Gunnell v.

Blackwall, The,

..

Bousfield, Clark v.

.

Boylan v. United States, .

Bradleys, Washington Railroad v.

Braun v. Saurwein,

Bridge, The Clinton

Brobst v. Brock, .

.

Brock, Brobst v.

Burkham, Wiggins et al. v.

Campbell v. Wilcox, Chicago, Ducat v. Chiles, Texas v. Clark v. Bousfield, Clinton Bridge, The, Coddington v. Richardson, Collector Thc, Kimball v. Columbia, The, Connecticut Insurance Company, Stagg v.

PAGE
173 327

557

543

543

604

152

583

383

33

427

537

304

1

133

58

299

218

.

454

519

519

129

421 410 127 133 454 516 436 246 589
( vii

TABLE OF CASES.

Cooper v. Reynolds, Corbett v. Nutt, . Cotton Plant, The, Cray, Decry v. Custer, The,

Daniel Ball, The, Davis,'The, . Dean v. Nelson, Decry v. Cray, Demaret, Bethel v. Deming's Appeal, Downing et al. v. Alexandria Ducat v. Chicago,

Q
Council,

Equitable Insurance Company, Bates v. Exparte Graham,
Farragut, The, Farrington, Feild v. Feild v. Farrington, Fulton County, Marsh v.

Golding,,Reilly v. Graham, Ex phrte, Gunnell v. Bird,

Ilannauer v. Woodruff, Hanrick v. Neely, Itardenberg, Texas v.. Herndon, Little v.
" Masterson v. Hodson, United States v. Hornsby et al. v. United States,

In re Paschall,

Insurance Company, Connecticut, Stagg v.

i" c

Equitable, Bates v. .

i "

Liverpool, v. Massachsetts,

Jones v. Andrews,

482 364
68 26 416 395 224
483 589 * . 33 566
327

TABLE OF CASES.

Kalorama, The, .

Kellogg, Barnard v.

.

Kimball v. The Collector,

,

Little v. Herndon,

.

.

Liverpool Insurance Company v. Massachusetts, .

Lulu, The,

..

Yfabey, The,

McClure, Railroad Company v.

McKee v. Rains, ..

McKerzie, Miller v.

"

.

Mahovey v. United States,

.

Marble Company v. Ripley,

.

Marsh v. Fulton County,

Mason, Messenger v. .

Massachusetts, Liverpool Insurance Company v.

Masterson v. Herndon,

Memphis Railroad, People's Railroad v.

.

Merchants' Bank v. State Bank,

Messenger v. Mason,

Millard, Bank of the Republic v.

.

Miller v. McKenzie,

Milwaukee, Yates v. Morgan, New Orleans Railroad v.

Neely, Hanrick v.

Nelson, Dean v. ..

New Orleans Railroad t. Morgan,

.

Nutt, Corbett v.

Paschall, In re, Pennsylvania v. Quicksilver Company, People's Railroad v. Memphis Railroad, Plant, The Cotton,

Quicksilver Company, Pennsylvania v.

Railroad Company v. McClure,

"

v. Morgan,

i

People's v. Memphis Railroad,

PAGE
204 383 436
26 566 192
419 511
22 582
62 339 676 507 566 416
.38
604 507 152
582
497 256
364 158 256 464
483 55,1
:;8 577
553
511 256
38

TABLE OF CASES.
Railroad Company v. Reeves, v. Trimble, Washington v. Bradleys,
Rains, McKee v... Reeves, Railroad Company v, Reilly v. Golding, Re Pasehall, In, Republic, Bank of the v. Millard, Reynolds, Cooper v. Richardson, Coddington v. Ripley, Marble Company v. Risley, The Schools v. Roland ot al. v. United States, Rutland Marble Company t. Ripley,
Saurwein, Braun v. Schools The, v. Risley, Slaughter-house Cases, Smith v. Stevens, Stagg v. Insurance Company, State Bank, Merchants' Bank v. Stevens, Smith v. Stimpson v. Woodman, Stovall v. Banks,
Tappan v. Beardsley, The Bank of'the Republic, Millard v.
Blackwall, Clinton Bridge, Collector, Kimball v. Columbia, Cotton Plant, Custer, Daniel Ball, Davis, Farragut, Kalorama, 1,llu, Mabey, " Schools v. Risley, " State Bank, Merchants' Bank ?.

PAGE
176 '367 299 22 176 56 483 152 308 516 339 91 224 339
218 91 .273 321 589 604 321 117 533
427 152 * 1
454 436 246 577 204 557
15 334 204 192 419 .91 583

TABLE OF CASES.

Texas v. Chiles, " v. Hardenberg,
Trimble, Railroad Company v.

United States, "9

Boylan v. v. Hodson, Iornsby et al. v. Mahoney v. Roland et al. v. v. Vigil, Ward v.

Vigil, United States v.

Ward v. United States, Washington Railroad v. Bradleys, Wiggins et al. v. Burkham, Wilcox, Campbell v. . Woodman, Stimpson v. Woodruff, Hannatier v.

Yates v. M.ilwaukee,

Xl
PAGH
127 61
· . 367
* 58 395 224 62 224 423 593
423

IN D E X.
ABATE MENT OF ACTION. See ConstitutionalLaw, 3. A bill filed previously to the passage of an act of Congress,,making lawful the building of a Farticular bridge, the bill praying injunction against building of it as a nuisance, is abated by such act; though pleas and replication had been filed, proofs taken, and the case ready for hearing. The Clinton Bridge, 454.
ACCOUNT RENDERED. See Evidence, 3-7.
ACCOUNT STATED. See Stated Account.
'AC1tNOWLEDGMENT OF DEED. See Illinois, 2.
ACTION. See Abatement of Action; Negotiable Paper, 2. 1. Cannot be sustained on a gratuitous promise. Railroad Company v. Reeves, 176. 2. A party standing in a position of secondary liability but not in that of pure surety, held to be without right of against a principal for recovery of a tax exacted by the government from the principal, of which such secondary party had notice and could yet recover (protest having been made by the principal) if the tax was illegally exacted. Baltimore v. Baltimore Railroad, 543.
ACT OF GOD. See Common Carrier. ADMIRALTY. See Lookouts; Maritime Lien; Practice, 14, 22-24; Prize.
A steamer crossing another, so as to involve risk of collision, condemned 1st, for not keeping clear, having the' other on her starboard; 2d, being the following vessel. The Columbia, 246.
AGENT. See Factor; Principaland Agent.
ALGIERS. See Consul of the United States.
APPEAL. See Writ of Error.
APPEARANCE. Appearing by counsel and moving to dismiss a bill for want of jurisdiction and also for want of equity, is a waiver of the privilege as to not being sued in the Circuit Court, given by the Judiciary Act of 1789, to non-residents of the district, and amounts to a voluntary appearance within the Judiciary Act of February 28th, 1839, which by implication authorizes any court of the United States ( to take jurisdiction against a person not an inhabitant of, or found within the district where the suit is brought, if he voluntarily appears thereto." Jones.v. Andrews, 327.
( 685 )

686

INDEX.

ASSUMPSIT. See Quantum Valebat.
ATTACHMENT, SUITS IX. 1. Their character,-how far in rem, how far in personam-and the distinction between the two sorts, stated. Conclusiveness of judgments in the latter, in collateral proceedings, where there has been a valid writ, a levy, judgment, order of sale, and deed. Cooper v. Reynolds, 308. 2. Where in such suit there is a valid writ and levy on property, a judgmentof thecourt, an order of sale, a sale and sheriff's deed, the proceeding cannot be held void when introduced collaterally in another suit; even though there have been irregular or defective affidavits and publication of notice, such as might reverse the judgment for error in departing from the directions of the statute. lb.
ATTORNEY. See Counsel and Client.
BAILEE. Not bound by gratuitouspromise. Hence the promise of a commorr carrier made without compensation additional to what he has contracted for, to forward goods already on his route, by an earlier train than they would usually go by, makes no contract. Railroad Company v. Reeves, 176.
BANK CHECK. See National Banks; Negotiable Paper,'2, 8.
BARBARY COAST. See Consul of the United States.
BREACHES. See Statutory Bond; Voluntary Bond. Suis sustainable for, on a statutory bond, if the conditions of it be essentially within those contemplated by the statute, though not within them literally. United States v. Hodson, 395.
BURDEN OF PROOF. See Entry for Cdndition Broken.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS. Grants of the public domain of Mexico, their three classes; the regulations prescribed by Mexico for the alienation of its public domain; the Act of the-Departmental Assembly of California on such alienation ; the interest passed by an imperfect grant in California constituting property protected by the treaty of cession. These mat'ers considered. Hornsby et al. v. United States, 224.

CASES AFFIRMED. Camanche, The (8 Wallace, 476), in The Blackwall, 1. Flanders v. Tweed (9 Id. 426), in Coddington v, Richardson, 516. Grapeshot. The (Ib. 129), in The Lulu, 192, and The Kalorama, 204. Guy, The (lb. 758), in The Kalorama, 204. Norris v. Jackson (Ib. 125), in Coddington v. Richardson, 616. Paul v. Virginia (8 Id. 168), in Ducat v. Chicago, 410, and Liverpool Insurance Company v. Massachusetts, 567.

INDEX.

687

CASHIER OF BANK. See Principaland Agent. A cashier has power, when acting bon4 fide and in the ordinary course of business, to bin I his bank by marking checks on it as "good." This rule applies to the National banks. Merchants' Bank v. State Bank, 604.
CAUSA PROXIMA, NON REMOTA, &c. See Common Carrier,4.
"CHOUTEAU'S MAP." Is not evidence conclusive upon questions of the extent of lots in St. Louis, but may go to a jury with other evidence. The Schools v. Risley, 91.
CLAIM AGAINST THE UNITED STATES. An ancient one on loan certificates, issued by the Continental Congress of 1777, rejected; the same, after investigation into it, having been rejected in 1792 by Secretary Hamilton, and being as the court considered without equity. Ward v. United States, 593.
CLIENT. See Counsel and Client.
COLLISION. See Admiralty; Lookouts.
COMMON CARRIER. See Contract, 4. 1. Who shows that a loss was by some vis major, as by flood, is excused without proving affirmatively that~se was guilty of no negligence. RailroadCompany v. Reeves, 176. 2. The proof of such negligence, if the negligence is asserted to exist, rests on the other party. Ib. 8. In case of a loss of which the proximate cause is the act of God or the public enemy, the common carrier is excused, though his own negligence or laches may have contributed as a remote cause. Ib, 4. The maxim cause proximanonremotaspectaturapplies to such cases as to other contracts and transactions ; and ordinary diligence is all that is required of the carrier to avoid or remedy the effects of the overpowering cause. lb.
CONCLUSIVENESS OF JUDGMET. Judgments of courts of competent jurisdiction cannot be attacked collaterally. Stoval v. Banks, 583; Cooper v. Reynolds, 808.
CONDITION. See Contract, 1, 2; Entry for Condition Broken.
CONSIDERATION. See Contract, 1, 2. The mere promise of a carrier, without additional consideration, to forward freight already on the route by an earlier train than usual, is not evidence from which a jury can infer a special contrast to do so. Railroad Company v. Reeves, 176.
CONSIGNOR AND CONSIGNEE. See Factor.
CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. See Jurisdiction,1; Navigable Waters of the United States.
1. An ordinance of a city imposing a license tax upon dealers in beer or ale not manufactured in that city, but brought there for sale, is not necessarily in conflict with the clause of the Constitution which declares that "Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with

INDEX.
CONSTITUTIONAL LAW (continued). foreign nations, and among the several States;" nor with that one which declares that " the citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of citizens of the several States." Downham v. Alexandria Council, 178.
2. Corporations whether organized under the laws of a State of the Union or a foreign government, may be taxed by another State, for the privilege of conducting their corporate business within the latter. Liverpool Insurance Company v. Massachusetts,567; Ducat v. Chicago, 410; both affirming Paulv. Virginia (8 Wallace, 168).
8. An act of Congress enacting that a certain bridge, already built. over a river which divides two States, "shall be a lawful structure, and shall be recognized and known as a post-route," is constitutional. The Clinton Bridge, 454.
4. A constitution of a State is a "law," within the meaning of that clause of the Constitution which ordains that ''no State shall pass any law impairing the obligation of contracts." RailroadCompany v. McClure, 511.
5. The decision of a State court which simply held that promissory notes, given for the lkan of. Confederate currency," together with a mortgage to secure the notes, were nullities, on the ground that the consideration was illegal, according to the law of the State, at the time the contract was entered into, is not a decision repugnant to the Federal Constitution. Bethel v. Demaret, 537.
6. The riparian rights possessed by the owner of land bounded by a navigable river are property, and can be taken for the public good only when due compensation is made. Yates v. Milwaukee, 497.
7. A statute of ,a State which confers on a city the power to establish dock and wharf lines, and to restrain encroachments and prevent obstructions to spch a stream, does not authorize it to declare by special ordinance a private wharf to be an obstriction to navigation and a nuisance, ald to order its removal, when, in point of fact, it was no obstruction, or hindranco to navigation. lb.
CONSTRUCTION, RULES OF. See Evidence, 8.
I. As APPLIED TO CONTIACTS.
1. Where the proper meaning of an instrument is clear, the erroneous construction which the parties to it have themselves put upon it will not coutrol its effect. Railroad Company v. Trimble, 867.
2. When plain in terms not to be controlled by evidence of usage. Barnard v. Kellogg, 888; Stagg v. Connecticut Insurance Company, 689.
II. As AFLIED TO STATUTES. 8. A statute granting pieces of lands to Indians, and prescribing atpecific
modo.in which they may sell, forbids by implication a sale independently of the 'mode. Smith v. Stevens, 321. 4' Statutes to raise revenue, are to be construed liberally to carry out the purposes of their enactment. The rule that what is implied in them.is as much a part of the enactment as what is expressed, holds in regard to them. United States v. Hodson, 396.

INDEX.

CONSTRUCTION, RULES OF (continued). 5: Those authorizing redemption from sales for taxes, are to be construed favorably to the owners of the land, and particularly when such statutes provide full indemnity to the purchaser and impose a penalty on the delinquent. Corbett v. Nutt, 464.

CONSULS OF THE UNITED STATES. The provision of the act of Congress of May 1st, 1810, fixing a salary to the consul at Algiers, and assigning to him certain duties, treating that place as belonging to a Mohammedan power, ceased to be operative when the country, of which it was the'principal city, became a province of France. Mahoney v. United States, 62.

CONTINENTAL CONGRESS. Spe Claims against the United States.

CONTRACT. See Construction, Rules of, 1, 2; Rescission of Contract. 1. A sale-in the South and just as the rebel-lion was breaking out, by a party going North, to one reinaining in the South, the sale being made under apprehension that if held by the vendor it would be confiscated by the rebel powers, as was threatened-of stock in a company at its par value, the consideration to be paid out of the net receipts of earnings of the stock, received quarterly by the company, and a note given therefor, with the condition that the principal should become due if the instalments were not regularly paid., after the receipt by the company of the net quarterly earnings, held a valid sale under the circumstances. Dean v. Nelson, 158. 2. Such a condition in tho note was not a penalty, but was of the substance of the contract. Ib. 8. A contract of a special sort between a city and unincorporated contractors, who became afterwards incorporated, for making street railways, construed. People's Railrbad v. Memphis Railroad, 38. 4. Conside,:ation is essential to a contract, and a gratuitous promise of a bailee (a common carrier), that is to say a promise without compensation additional to what he Is contracted for, to forward goods already on his route, by an earlier train than they would usually go by, is riot obligatory. Rtilroad Company v. Reeves, 176. 5. When plain in terms not to be changed by evidence of usage. Barnardv. Kellogg, 883; Stagg v. Insurance Company, 589.

CORPORATIONS. See Salvage, 1. The essential characters of them defined, and an association of individuals under acts of the British Parliament, somewhat in the nature of a joint stock association but with larger powers, held to constitute a corporation in the modern state of the law, though the acts declared that it should not become a corporation. Liverpool Insurance Company v. Massachusels, 566.

CORPOREAL INTEREST. A deed from one owner conveying quarry lands to his co-owners, in fee, they agreeing to quarry and deliver to the grantor certain sorts of marble from it, up to a limited amount, and he reserving a right, if the grantees did not furnish the marble.from the land, to enter and

VOL. x.

44

690

INDEX.

CORPOREAL INTEREST (continued). keep possession and take the marble himself, till the grantees should be ready and willing to fulfil the conditions of the contract on their part, does not leave in the grantor a corporeal interest in the marble "1in situ," and hence his interest is not exclusive of the right of the grantees to take marble on their own account "ad libitum." Marble Company v. Ripley, 341.
CORRESPONDENT. See Factor,2, 4; Letters.
COUNSEL AND CLIENT. 1. The attorney or solicitor, who is also counsel in a cause, has a lien on moneys collected therein for his fees and disbursements in the cause, and in any suit or proceeding brought to recover other moneys covered by the same retainer. In re Paschall,483. 2. A motion to pay into-courtthe moneys collected will not be granted, but the parties will be left to their action, if the attorney is guilty of no bad faith or improper conduct, and has a fair set-off against his client, which the latter refuses.to allow. lb. 3. A party has a general right to change his attorney, and a rule for that purpose wilPbe granted, leaving to the attorney the advantage of any lien he may have on papers or moneys in his hands as security for his fees and disbursements. 1b.
CUSTOM. See Evidence, 8.
CUSTOMS OF THE UNITED STATES. %he proviso to the Act of March 3, 1857, which act allows an importer to make additions to the value of goods as given in the entry or invoice, &c., and the act of the same day, which enacts that unmanufactured sheep's wool, above the value of 20 cents, shall pay an advalorem duty of 24 per cent., but if, &c., construed. Kimball v. The Collector, 436.
DEED. See Corporeal Interest; Evidence, 1, 10-14; Implication; Patent, 3-5.
A deed granting quarry lands in fee, subject to incorporeal rights expressly stated, is not to be construed so as to restrict further and by implication, absolute ownership. Marble Company v. Ripley, 340.
"DEVISE." The term held not to be embraced by a penal act making -void all "sales, transfers, and conveyances of any estate or property of persons engaged in armed rebellion against the United States," further, if at all, than as against the United States. Corbett v. Nutt, 464.
DURESS. See Voluntary Bond.
EJECTMENT. Mortgagor cannot recover in against mortgagee in possession after breach of the condition, or against persons holding under him. Brobst v. Broek, 519.

INDEX.
ENTRY FOR CONDITION BROKEN. Where a person makes such an entry on land as primd facie is a deforcement of the owners and an invasion of their rights as such, the burdon is on the party entering to show that his entry was justifiable. Marble Company v. Ripley, 839.
EQUITY. See Evidence, 9; Negotiable Paper, 1; Practice; 7, 21. 1. Will enjoin one partner from violating the rights of his copartner in partnership matters, although no dissolution of the partnership be contemplated, Marble Company v. Ripley, 839. 2. Will not decree specific performance of a contract: (a) Against one party in favor of another who has disregarded his own reciprocal obligations in the matter.. lb. (b)Nor where the duties to be fulfilled by the grantee are continuous and involve the exercise of skill, personal labor, and cultivated judgment. Ib. (c) Nor where there is a want of mutuality in the contraet. 1b. (d) Nor where the party (a grantor) has a complete remedy at law. lb. 3. Will not relieve a corporation against particular parts in-its contracts, voluntarily and deliberately entered into, such parts being of the consideration on which the contract was made, because with lapse of time and change of circumstances they have become oppressive to it and more favorable to the other side than was anticipated, or because other unforeseen inconvenient results to the corporation follow. Marble Company v. Ripley, 889. 4. Injunction should not be more broad than required by the, offence against which.it is directed; that is to say, should not, in enjoining a defendant against doing what he has no right to do, enjoin him in such a way as may possibly prevent his doing that which he may properly do. lb. 6. On bill by a State praying that a defendant be enjoined from asking payment of certain United States bonds belonging to it, unlawfully taken some time before from its treasury, and now redeemable, and for such other andfurther relief,as the court may deem proper, it will follow a substituted security (new bonds bearing interest) given by the United States; the substitution having been made after the issue of process under the bill, though before service, by agreement between the bolder of the bonds and the United States, in order that the party properly entitled, whoever be might be finally under the bill decided to be, should not lose interest; and the new bonds being
held by a trustee for this purpose. Texas v. Ilardenbery, 68.
EQUITY OF REDEMPTION. 'See Mortgage. The equity of redemption of a mortgage is not extinguished by proceedings to foreclose the same during the war, when such proceedings were taken within the Union linez, whilst the defendants were absent in the Confederate lines and were prohibited from entering the Union lines. Dean v.,Nelson, 158; Railroad Compaily v. Primble, 367.
hRASURE. See Evidence, 1.

692

INDEX.

ESTOPPEL. See Attachment, Suits in; Conclusiveness of Judgment. Where an agent (in this case the agent of an insurance company) has received a general circular from his company employing him, which contains in clear language the terms of his compensation, and has acted on that circular without complaint for several years, he is estopped to deny that he was employed on those terms. The production of a circular of prior dAte, with other terms as to compensation, does not alter the case. Stagg v. Insurance Company, 689.
EVIDENCE. See Attachment, Suits in; Common Carrier;Conclusivenessof Judgments; Entry for Condition Broken; Mortgage, 3; Practice, 14.
IN CASES GENERALLY.
1. On an objection to the admission of a deed because of an alleged erasure and interlineation apparent on its face, the court may properly admit tho deed, leaving it to the jury to determine whether there was any alteration. Little v. Herndon, 26..
2. A concession which would have effect to bind a person when claiming under it and when it relates to one piece of property, has no effect when the person does not claim under it and when it relates to another. The Schools v. Risley, 91.
3. An account rendered and not objected to within a reasonable time, is to be regarded as admitted by the party charged, to be prima facie correct. Wiggins et al. v. Burkham, 129.
4. If certain items in such an account are objected to within a reasonable time, and others not, the latter are to be regarded as covered by such an admission. Ib.
5. What is to be regarded as a reasonable time is, when the facts are clear, a matter of law. Where the proofs are conflicting, it is a mixed one of law and fact, and in such cases the court should instruct the jury upon the several hypotheses of fact insisted on by the parties. Ib.
6. Between merchants at home, an account which has been presented, and no objection made thereto, after the lapse of several posts, is treated, under ordinary circumstances, as being, by acquiescence, a stated account. Ib.
7. But the court will not take notice judicially of the time which rail-cars require to run between different p!aces, and of the frequency of the mails on such roads. They are matters which must be proved by proper testimony. Ib.
S. The office of a austom or usage in trade is to ascertain and explain the meaning and intention of the parties to a contract, whether written or in parol, which could not be done without the aid of this extrinsic evidence. It does not go beyond this, and is used as a mode of interpretation on the theory that the parties knew of its existence and contracted with reference to it. Barnard v. Kellogg, 888; Stagg v. Insurance Co,, 589.
9. An allegation in an answer entirely impertinent to the bill cannot be used as evidence for the defendant, even though the plaintiff neglect to file a roplication. 'Giunnell v. Bird, 804.

INDEX.

6 UU

EVIDENCE (continued). 10. A deed which referred to a plat of the land for one of the lines of the boundary, may be read in evidence to the jury without the production of the plat, subject to an identification ofsuch line by competent evidence during the progress of the trial. Decry v. Cray, 263. 11. A deed which referp to such a plat for one line, or which authorizes the line to be run by a certain person according to such a plat, is not void for uncertainty on its face. Ib. 12. In case of such a deed made a great many years ago, though the plat is not produced, it. is competent to show by other proof, written or parol, or both, that such a line existed and where it was located. lb. 13. This may be shown by long possession on each side of the line evidenced by a fence, by the parol declarations of the parties holding under the deed on each side of the line, or by any facts which clearly establish the existence of such a line and its location. 1b. 14. Where a party having a good title in fee to lands gives a power of attorney to sell them, and the person having the power executes in proper form in behalf of his principal a conveyance, the facts that he was compelled to make the conveyance by a decree of court on a litigation consequent on a difference between himself and persons to whom he had contracted to sell, as to the terms of the contemplated sale, and on the trial gives no proof of the decree in connection with the deed, is no ground for rejecting the deed on a question between subsequent parties. Hanrick v. Neely, 364. 15. Although to establish the fact that a2certain suit was brought, or the time of its commencement, the record of it may be used against one who was no party to it; yet only so much as is necessary for that purpose is admissible. Hence not depositions incorporated into such record, where the witnesses are competent, and can be procured in the second suit. I or the answer of the defendant, the party against whom it is proposed to read it having been neither partyto the former suit nor privy to a party. Tappan v. Beardsley, 427.
FACTOR. See Principaland Agent. 1. Where factors have made large advances, or incurred expenses on account of the consignment, the principal cannot by-any subsequent orders control their right to sell at-such a time, as in the exercise of a sound discretion, and in accordance withthe usage of trade, they may deem best to secure indemnity to themselves and to promote the interests of the consignor ; they acting, of course, in good faith and with reasonable skill. Feild v. Farrington,141. 2. The refusal by the consignor to reply within a reasonable time after he received it, to a letter from his factors, stating that in order to meet the consignor's views they had not sold; giving him information -about the state of the markets; expressing their judgment and their wish to sell, and asking a reply, held under particular circumstances to raise a presumption that the consignor approved of what his factors had done, so far as their letter informed him; and in the absence of anything to rebut that presumption, that the consignor was

694

INDEX.

FACTOR (continued). to be regarded aq having consented to whatever delay had occurred in effecting a sale, even though the delay was contrary to his directions. lb.
3. But such receipt and non-acknowledgment held not to relieve the factors from a conti1uing obligation to sell within a reasonable time, all the circumstances of the case being considered; and at the best prices that could be obtained. lb.
4. The rights and duties of a factor who has made large advances in favor of a consignor who alleges that he has given oral instructions to sell, but who does not reply to letters, such as above mentioned, on the subject of the agency, asking a reply, considered. lb.
5. The questions proper to be submitted to a jury and the instructions proper to be given in such case stated. lb.
FEE SIMPLE. See Implication.
FINAL DECREE. What constitutes such decree, stated. Stoval v. Banks, 583.
GRAND RIVER. In Michigan. How far "a navigable water of the United States." The Daniel Ball, 557.
GRANT BY IMPLICATION. See CorporealInterest; Implication.
ILLINOIS. 1. A defendant claiming under a tax sale deed, under the Illinois statute of 21st February, 1B61, must show not only a tax deed in proper form, but also a judgment under which the tax sale was made. Little v. Herndon, 26. 2. A deed for lands in, executed in Virginia and acknowledged in conformity with its laws at the time of execution, may be lawfully recorded in Illinois, and read in evidence without further proof of execution. Jb.
IMPLICATION. A restriction upon absolute ownership in a grant of land having on it a quarry, where the grantees agree to deliver to the grantor, his heirs, &e., so long as they might want, a certain number of feet, per annum, of stone of certain kinds, for a partnership purpose (the grantor reserving a right of re-entry and of taking the stone himself, if the grantees do not fulfil their agreement), is not to be raised by implication. Marble Company v. Ripley, 340.
"INCIDENTAL." An agreement by a railroad company with a city (which was about to issue its own bonds as a loan of credit for the road, the road giving to the city an equal amount of bonds of the road), to pay "all and any expense incidental to the issue of any of the bonds" thereof, held not to include a payment of a tax laid on the bonds after they were issued; the city by its arrangements with the road being itself a gainer, and not standing in the exact position of a surety. Baltimore v. Baltimore Railroad, 544.

INDEX.

DUO

INCORPORATION. The effect of incorporating certain persons, who as an unincorporated company had made a contract, considered in a special case, in respect of how far the identity of the unincorporated company was affected by the act of incorporating them. People'sRailroadv. Memphis Railroad, 38.
INDIANS. See Kansas Indians; Construction, Rules of, 3.
INJUNCTION. See Equity, 1, 4.
INSTRUCTIONS. See Practice,3, 4, 15, 16.
INSURANCE. See Estoppel. A policy of insurance contained the usual covenant, that if the property was sold the insurance ceased, unless the consent of the insurer was given in writing to the sale. Held, that an indorsement on the policy by the assured, "Payable, in case of loss, to E. C. Bates " (the plaintiff), and under this, the indorsement by the insurer, that " Consent is hereby given to the above indorsement," did not imply either a knowledge or consent to the sale of the goods insured. Bates v. EquitableInsurance Company, 33.
INTERNAL REVENUE. See Stamp. The 96th section of the Excise Act of June 30th, 1864, exempting from a tax laid on sundry articles of dress by section 95, construed. Boylan v. United States, 58.
INTERSTATE COMMERCE. See ConstitutionalLaw, 1, 2, 3.
JUDGMENTS. See Attachment, Suits in; Conclusiveness of Judgment. Validity of cannot be questioned collaterally in another suit for errors which do not affect the jurisdiction of the court that rendered it. Cooper v. Reynolds, 308; Stoval v. Banks, 583.

JUDICIAL KNOWLEDGE Does not comprehend a knowledge of the time which rail-cars require to run between different places, and of the frequency of the mails on
such roads. Wiggins v. Burkham, 129.

JUDICIAL SALE. Made at the suit of a mortgagee, though irregular and no bar to the equity of redemption, passes the rights of the mortgagee as such.
Brobst v. Brock, 519.

JURISDICTION. 1. A decree made within the Union lines, during the late rebellion, against a person absent in the Confederate- lines (or confined as a rebel by the United States), and who was prohibited by the United States from being or coming where process could be served on him, is void. Dean v. Nelson, 168; Railroad Company v. Vrimble, 867.

I. OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
13; Final Decree. (a) It HAS jurisdiction.

See infra, 12,

6(M

INDEX.

JURISDICTION (continued). 2. Of a case, as on a final judgment, where a dismissal of a petition and exhibits, amounts, under the facts, to such a judgment; and where entries of "judgment rendered," and "judgment signed," made on such dismissal, were exhibited by the record. New OrleansRailroad
v. Morgan, 256. (b)It has NOT jurisdiction.
3. By virtue of.its original jurisdiction, to entertain suit brought by a State against one of its own citizens. Pennsylvaniav. QuicksilverCompany, 553.
4. Nor, under the 25th section of the Judiciary Act, to review a decision of the highest court of the State, maintaining the validity of a law which it has been set up " impairs the obligation of a contract," when the law set ip as having this effect was in existence when the alleged contract was made, and the highest State court has only decided that there was no contract in the case. Railroad Company v. lcClure, 511..
5. Nor, under that section to review a dedision of such a court, where was drawn in question the validity of a statute of a Territory. Messenger v. Mason, 507.
6, Nor, to do so where the authority "ofth6 United States, to which the State law is alleged to be opposed, has been left by the United States subject to modification by the Stafe, and has been modified by the State law set up. lb.
7. Nor, to review, as "an authority exercised under any 5tate,"1 the authority conferred by a State on'its Supreme Court, to hear and determine cases. Bethell v. Demares, 537.
8. Nor where the writ is defective in respect to parties. Miller v. MeKenzie, 582.
II. OF THE CIRCUIT COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES. 9. A marshal of the United States sued in a State court after the 2d
August, 1866, and convicted of a trespass in levying upon property not the defendant's in his writ, cannot remove the suit into the National courts either under the act of April 9th, 1866, or the act of March 3d, 1863, as-a suit brought 'against him in a State court for a trespass made or committed during the rebellion by authority derived from an act of Congress. McKee v. Rains, 22. 10. They have jurisdiction between citizens of the same State-
(a) When the so-called suit is but a rule to show cause in a case where the jurisdiction confessedly existed, especially where the defendant in the rule has appeared, answered, and undergone judgment. Reilly v. Gelding, 56.
(b) Or where it is a bill for injunction to restrain proceedings of garnishment against the complainant's property, instituted in a suit in the Circuit Court, on which jurisdiction thus existd ; and also praying the benefit of a set-off against the garnishing 6reditors' demand. Jones v. Andrews, 327. 11. Under the act of February 28, 1839 (applicable to "any court of the United States") between citizens of different States, where the defendant is a non-resident of the district where the suit is brought, and

I-DEX.

697

JURISDICTION (continued). voluntarily appears, or even if not a necessary party, does not appear., lb.
12. Allegation of citizenship is sufficiently made when it appears fairly, and in such a way as to leave no room for reasonable doubt, from any part of the bill or declaration, such as in the case of a bill, its title and prayer, of what States the respective parties are citizens. lb.
13. But in a suit against a corporation it is NOT sufficiently made by an averment that the defendant is a body politic by the law of another State, named, and "doing business." in it. Pennsylvania v. Quicksilver Company, 553.
KANSAS INDIANS. See Construction, Rules of, 8. Half breeds, reservees' of land, under the treaty of June 3, 1826, have no authority, under the Act of Congress of May 26, 1860, to sell their reservations independently of the assent-of the Secretary of the Interior. Smith v. Stevens, 821.
LACHES. See Practice, 6
LETTERS. Obligation of a consignor who alleges that he has given oral instructions to sell, to reply to those of his factor who has made advances, and asks a reply as to selling; the matter considered. Feild v. Farrington, 141.
LIEN. See Counsel and Client; Maritime Lien.
LOOK(5UTS. The rule of navigation, which requires a special lookout, does not apply to a case where the absence of a lookout had nothing to do in causing the collision or loss. The Farragut,334.
-LOUISIANA. The mode of proceeding in an attachment suit there against a surety on .a forthcoming bond, given to obtain a release of property attached, being by rule to show cause, a jurisdiction existing in the Circuit Court will not be defeated because both parties to the rule are dtizens of that State. Reilly v. Golding, 56.
MARITIME LIEN. 1. The doctrine of The Grapeshot(9 Wallace, 129), on this subject, that is to say, on the second point adjudged therein (pp. 133, 141) affirmed. The Lulu, 192; The Kalorama; The Custer, 204. 2. A maritime lien against a vessel for necessaryrepairs and supplies in a foreign port, may exist though the owner was there and gave directions in person for them; the same having been made expressly on tle credit of the vessel. The Guy (9 Wallace, 758), affirmed. The Kalorama; The Custer, 204. 8. It is not displaced by a common law action for the value of the repairs and supplies; the action not being yet determined. lb.
MARITIME PRIZE. See Prize.

INDEX.
MARSHAL OF THE UNITED STATES. See Jurisdiction,9.
IMERCHANTS' ACCOUNTS. See Evidence, 3-7.
MOHAMMEDAN POWERS. See Consul of the United States.
MORTGAGE. See Equity of Redemption; Possession. 1. A mortgagor of land, as between himself and his mortgagee, has only an equitable title. Ile cannot, therefore, recover in cjcetment against the mortgagee in possession, after breach of the condition, or against persons holding possession under the mortgagee. Brobst v. Brock, 519. 2. An irregular judicial sale made at the suit of a mortgagee, even though no bar to the equity of redemption, passes to the purchaser at such sale all the rights of the mortgagee as such. lb. 3. No presumption of payment of a mortgage can arise from lapse of time against a mortgagee or his assigns in possession, when the mortgagor became insolvent and died before the debt fell due, and when his vendee of the equity of redemption also became insolvent before the maturity of the debt, removed from the State, and never afterwards returned. 1b.
MUNICIPAL BONDS. Issued by a county having no power to issue them, are void, though negotiable in form. 3Marsh v. Fulton County, 676.
NATIONAL BANKS. See Cashier of Bank; Principaland Agent. Their obligations for acts of their cashiers, considered under the Currency Act of 1864, and various provisions of that act passed upon. Merchants' Bank v. State Bank, 604.
" NAVIGABLE WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES." Meaning of the terms within the intent of the acts of July 7, 1838, and August 30, 1832, defined. The Daniel Ball, 557.
NEGOTIABLE PAPER. 1. A party buying negotiable bonds of the United States with overdue coupons, is to be taken as affected with knowledge of prior equities when he purchases them after the date when they are redeemable, and for which the coupons run, knowing that the government, paying promptly all its bonds generally, objects at that time to redeeming these, and does not in faft redeem them or the overdue coupons, and where notice has been given in public papers of great circulation that payment of the bonds was forbidden, and that there was difficulty about them. Texas v. Hardenberg,68. 2. The holder of a bank check cannot sue the bank for refusing payment in the absence of proof that it was accepted by the bank or charged against the drawer, nor does the fact that the check was properly drawn on a National bank (a public depositary) by an officer of the government in favor of a public creditor, alter this rule. Bank of the Republic v. Millard, 152. 3. Cashiers of banks have power when acting bonk fide and in the ordinary course of business, to certify as "good," checks drawn upon their respective banks and to bind them thereby. Merchants' Bank v. State Bank, 604.

INDEX.

699

NOTICE. See Negotiable Paper,1.
PARTNERSHIP. See Equity, 1. 1. In stating partnership accounts, where one partner has had entire charge of the business, he is to be debited with the whole capital placed his hands, as well as with the proceeds of sales realized by him. Gunnell v. Bird, 804. 2. If part of the capital consisted of stock, which has been used in the business, or disposed of and the proceeds charged against him, he should be credited with such stock as a disbursement, to the amount at Which it was originally charged against him. 1b.
PATENT. See Rescission of Contract. 1. Where a roller in a particular combination had been used before without designs on it, and a roller with designs on it had also been used in another combination, it was not a patentable invention to place designs on the roller in the first-named combination. Such a change, with the existing knowledge in the art, involved simply mechanical skill, which is not patentable. Stimpson v. Woodman, 117.
2. A claim for arranging an elastic bed for printing designs, is not a claim for a design under the eleventh section of the act of March 2d, 1861, entitled "An act in addition to an act to promote the progress of the useful arts,"-but is a claim for a device. Clark v. Bousfield, 133.
3. A deed conveying "all one's property and estate, whatsoever and wheresoever, of every kind and description," carries patent rights and extensions, if the grantor own any. Railroad Company v. Trimble, 367.
4. A. deed by which a patentee of an invention conveys all the right, title, and interest which he has in the "said invention," as secured to him by letters patent, and also all "1right, title, and interest, which May be gecured to him from time to time," the same to be held by the assignee for his own use and for that of his legal representatives, "to the full end of the term for which said letters patent are ou may be granted," carries the entire invention and all alterations and improvements, and tll patents whensoever issued and extensions alike, to the extent of the territory specified. 1b.
6. A grant by a patentee of an extension of a patent, before any extension has issued, will carry, if the terms of the grant be proper ones, the legal as well as the equitable interest in the patent. 1b.
PEDIS POSSESSIO. See Possession.
PENALTY. See Contract, 1, 2.
PLEADING. See Jurisdiction,12, 13.
I. hr CASES GENERALLX. 1. The effect of an averment that en appeal required to be made within a
particular term of time, was "duly" made, considered. Braun v. Saurwein, 219. 2. Under a statute which requires promissory notes to be stamped, making them void Snly when the stamp is omitted with intent to defraud

700

INDEX.

PLEADING (continued). the government of the stamp duty, a fraudulent omission cannot be taken advantage of on demurrer. Campbell v. Wilcox, 421.
8. An averment in a declaration that the defendants had made and delivered to the plaintiffs their promissory notes, implies that the instruments were at the time in the-form and condition required by law. Ib.
4. The filing of a plea to the merits after a demurrer is overruled, operates as a waiver of the demurrer. 1b.
POSSESSION. A mortgagee having a right to take possession of twenty-five different tracts of land, presumed to take possession of the whole, though in fact his actual occupancy did not extend beyond the limits of one; the tracts having been wild land, separated by no marks on the land, and when mortgaged mortgaged as an entirety. Brobst v. Brock,519.
PRACTICE. See Appearance; Counsel and Client.
I. IN THE SUPREME COURT. See Writ of Error. (a) In cases generally.
1. Damages at the rate of 10 per cent. under Rule of Court No. 23, on affirmance, i. Will NOT be given, where the law as recognized by the affirmance was not perfectly settled when the writ of error was sued out; though so settled when the affirmance was made. McKee v. Rains, 22; but ii. WILL be given when it was so settled and the writ of error has been apparently taken for delay. Campbell v. Wilcox, 421.
2. A judgment will be affirmed, where there is no bill of exceptions, demurrer, or finding of facts. Reilly v. Gelding, 56.
8. 'Where the bill of exceptions does not purport to set out all the evidende given in a case below, and it does not appear what other evidence, if ank, was there given, this court will not reverse for an instruction whose correctness or want of it depends upon the state of the evidence; the terms of the instruction not necessarily implying that there were not facts in proof bearing upon the subject besides those of which the instruction was expressly predicated; and error not being matter to be presumed, but contrariwise. Wiggins v. Burk. ham, 129.
4. To warrant reversal there must not only be error found in the record, but the error must be such as may have worked injury to the party complaining. Brobst v. Brock, 519; Decry v. Cray, 263.
5. A reinstatement of a case once dismissed by consent refused chiefly on the ground of laches, notwithstanding assent by the other side. Deming's Appeal, 251.
6. The court will not review a general finding on a mass of evidence brought up. Norris v. Jackson (9 Wallace, 125) and Flanders v. Tweed (lb. 425), affirmed. Coddinglon'v. Richardson, 516.
7. All the parties against whom a joint judgment or decree is rendered must join in the writ of error or appeal, or it will be dismissed, ex-

INDEX.

701

PRACTICE (continued)-. cept sufficient cause for the nonjoinder te shown. Metsterson v. Herndon, 416.
8.Modern mode of proceeding on error or appeal in such judgments, where one of the parties refuses to join in the writ or appeal, stated. lb.
9. Refusal under sliecial circumstances to dismiss an appeal by the-United States from a distant Territory, though, contrary to the usually obligatory rule of practice, a transcript of the record had not been filed in this court until about two years after the end of the next terin after the allowance of the appeal. United States v. Vigil, 423.
10. Where, on a certificate of division from a Circuit Court, this court is equally divided in opinion, the case will be remitted to the court below for the purpose of enabling it to take such action as it may be advised. Hannauer v. Woodruff, 482.
11. Prohibition froth this court to a District Court does not lie except
where the latter court is proceeding strictly as. a court of admiralty. Ex parte Graham, 641. 12. A writ of error dismissed as defective in respect to parties, where the suit was -against four persons by name, and the writ recited that it was against two which it named, "and others." Milzr.v. MeKenzzic,682. 18. A decree which adjudges a certain sum of money to be due from an administrator to each of the distributees of his intestate's estate is a final decree; and its character as such not destroyed by some added directions. Stoval v. Banks, 588.
(b) In Equity. See Equity, 4; infra, 17-21. (c) In Admiralty. See supra, 11. 14. When a motion is made by an appellant to examine witnesses in. this court in an appeal in admiralty, the appellant should show some excuse satisfactory to this court, why he failed to examine them in the courts below. The Mabey, 419. II. IN CIRCUIT AND DISTRICT COURTS. See AbatemenW of Action; Jurisdiction, 1 ; 9-11. 15. Where the instructions given to the jury are sufficient to present the whole controversy to their, consideration, and they are framed. in c. ar and unambiguops terms, it is no cause for the reversal of a judgment to show that one or more of the prayers for instruction presented by the losing party and not given by the court were correct in the abstract. The Schools v Risley, 91. 16. When, from conflicting proofs, a question,-such as 6x. gr. what is. "reasonable time"-is a mixed one of law and fact, the court should instruct the jury upon the several hypotheses of fact insisted on by the parties. Wiggins v. Burkham, 129. (b)In Equity. See Equity, 4; supra, 13. 17. It is a gross.irregularity to hear a case without some terms imposed, on an amended bill filed after replication, without leave of the court. Washington Railroad v. Bradleys, 299.

702

INDEX.

PRACTICE (continued). 18. So it is an irregularity to go to hearing without replications to an-
swers. Ib. 19. A petition by "way of cross-bill," which makes nobody defendant,
which prays for no process, and under which no process is issued, is a nullity. lb. 20. A decree on such a bill, praying the reverse of what the original bill prayed, is fatally erroneous. Nor will the fact that objection was not made below cure a combination of. errors so large and so grave as above indicated. Ib. 21. Motion made on the foot of a 'decree against a defendant to compel an account, when the decree, by its terms, limited the accounting to the date of service of process in the suit, denied, where the property for which the account was asked was received (if received at all) after such service, and where, in addition, the original decree, which charged all those defendants against whom proofs existed, did not charge the one now sought to be charged, and where the proofs on the moti6n were no other than the proofs at the original hearing. Texas v. Chiles, 127.
(c) In Admiralty. See Salvage, 1-8 ; supra, 14. 22. A libel for salvage may be filed in the name of the master and owners
of the salving vessel, although the master may himself make no claim. The Blackwall,, 1. 23. Parties entitled to salvage because their property-a vessel-has been used in effecting the salvage, do not lose their right because other parties, who used it and were thus, perhaps, also entitled, have made no claim, and, being bound by official duty to work in effecting the salvage had, perhaps, no right to make a claim. 1b. 24s Lien for salvage against the United States may be enforced by proceeding in rem. When the property is not in the possession of the government, and the effect of the proceedings is only to compel the government to come in and assert its claim. The Davis, 15.
PRESUMPTION. See Mortgage, 8; Possession.
PRESUMPTION OF PAYMENT. See Mortgage, 8.
PRINCIPAL AND AGENT. See Factor. 1. Evidence of powers habitually exercised by a cashier of a bank with its knowledge and acquiescence, defines and establishes, as to the public, those powers, provided that they be such as the directors of the bank may, without violation of its charter, confer on such casher. Merchants' Bank v. State Bank, 604. 2. Where the authority of the agent is left to be inferred by the public from powers usually exercised by the agent, it is enough if the transaction in question involves precisely the same general powers, though applied to a new subject-matter. 1b.
PRINCIPAL AND SURETY. See Action, 2. 1. Sureties in an administration bond are bound by a decree against their administrator finding assets in his hands, and nonpayment of them

INDEX.

703

PRINCIPAL AND SURETY (continued). over, to the same extent to which the administrator himself is bound. Stovall v. Banks, 583.
2. The fact that the liability of a party who appears as a principal debtor is really and as respects the true debtor but a secondary liability, and that evidences of debt issued were issued chiefly for the accommodation of such real debtor, does not give to the other party the complete equitable rights of a surety, if he himself may also be a gainer by the operations entered into. Baltimore v. Baltimore Railroad, 543.

PRIZE. Maritime does not exist where the capture is on "inland United States. The Cotton Plant, 577.

waters" of the

PUBLIC LAW. See Consul of the United States.

PUBLIC SCHOOLS. See St. Louis.

QUANTUM VALEBAT. A bank is liable under, when its cashier without authority purchases coin which goes into its funds. Merchants' Bank v. State Bank, 604.

RATIFICATION. Xone of void instruments. Marsh v. Fulton County, 676.

REASONABLE TIME.
What is to be regarded as a reasonable time is, when the facts are clear, a matter of law. Where the proofs are conflicting, it is a mixed one of law and fact; and in such cases the court should instruct the jury upon the several hypotheses of fact insisted on by the parties. Wiqgins v. Burkham, 129.

REBELLION, THE. See Contract, 1, 2; Constitutional Law, 5; Jurisdiction, 1, 9.
1. The equity of redemption of a mortgage is not extinguished by proceedings to foreclose the same during the war, when such proceedings were taken within the Union lines, whilst the defendants were absent in the Confederate lines and were pr6hibited from entering the Union lines. Dean v. Nelson, 158, and see Railroad Co. v. Trimble, 367.
2. The voluntary residence of a person within the Confederate lines during the late rebellion, did not incapacitate him, under the act of July 17th, 1862, from making a last w.ill and testament, further, if at all, than as against the United States. Corbett v. Nutt, 464.
REDEMPTION FROM TAX SALES. See Construction, Rules of, 5; Tax Sales.
REMOVAL OF CASES. See Jurisdiction, 9.
RESCISSION OF CONTRACT. Held after the death of a party to have been effected where nothing was ever done during life to give effect to it. Railroad Co. v. Trimble, 367.
RES JUDICATA. See Attachment, Suits in; Cbnclusiveness of Judgment.

704

INDEX.

RESTRICTION. Upon absolute ownership in a grant in fee not to be raised by implication. Marble Company v. Ripley, 340.
RIPARIAN RIGHTS. 1. May be interfered with by ancient passageway along the bank. .Risley v. Schools, 91. 2. Can't be established by mere calls in deeds from private parties. lb. 3. Give right of access to navigabler parts of. the river, and to make wharves. Yates v. Milwaukee, 497. 4. Are property. lb.
ST. LOUIS. 1. Eastern boundaries of declared. The Schools v. Risley, 91. 2. Certain lands not included in her school reservations by the act of June 18, 1812. 1b.

"SALES, TRANSFERS, AND CONVEYANCES." These terms, in a penal statute, held not to include a devise. Nutt, 464.

Corbett v.

SALVAGE. See Practice,22-24. 1. Corporations may be entitled to. ' The Blackwall, 1. 2. As also the owners of a tug carrying ordinary fire-engines under direction of the fire department of a city, and saving.a vessel on fire. Ib. 3. One-twentieth of the value saved allowed to the owners of such tug. 1b. 4. Non-prosecution of their claim by one set of salvors enures to the benefit of the owners of the vessel. lb. 5. Personal property of the United S~ates on a vessel is liable for. And a lien for, may be enforced by proceeding in, when process of the court can be executed without disturbing the possession of the government, though it cannot be either by suit against the United States, or by proceeding in rem, when the possession of the property can be had only by taking it out of the actual possession of the officers of the government. The Davis, 16.

SOVEREIGNTY. See Salvage, 6.

SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE. See Equit.. 2.
STAMP. As for acceptance, not required in bank checks marked chants' Bank v. State Bank, 605.

Good."

Mer-

STATED ACCOUNT. When an account between merchants at home is treated as such. Wiggins v. Burkham, 129.

STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS. When the running of, to the right to sue, has been suspended by an enforced cause not mentioned in the statute itself, the operation is suspended only during the existence of such cause. Braun v. Saurwein, 218.

INDEX.

705

STATUTES OF THE UNITED STATES. The following, among others, referred to, commented on, or construed. September 24, 1789. See Jurisdiction,2-8, 10,12, 18. May 1, 1810. See Consul of the United States. June 13, 1812. See St. Louis. July 4,1836. See Patent. June 12, 1838. See Jurisdiction,6, 6. July 7, 1888. See Navigable Waters of t& UnitedStates. February 28, 1839. See Jurisdiction,11; Appearance. August 80, 1852. See Navigable Waters of the United States. March 1, 1865. See Consul of the United States. lMarch 3,1857. See Customs of the United States. May 26, 1860. See Kansas Indiansf March 2, 1861. See Patent. June 7, 1862. See Tax Sales. July 17, 1862. See Devise; Practice,11; Rebellion. March 3,1863. See Jurisdiction,9. June 3, 1864. See National Banks June 80, 1864. See Breaches; Construction, Rules of, 4; Inte~nal Revenue. July 2, 1864. See Prize. February 27, 1865. See Abatement of Action; ConstitutionalLaw, 3. March 8, 1865. See Practice, 6; Tax Sales, 3. April 9, 1866. See Jurisdiction,9. July 13, 1866. See Pleading, 3 ; Statutes of Limitations. August 18, 1866. See Consul of the United States.

STATUTES,. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION OF. See Construction, Rules of.
STATUTORf BOND. See Breaches; Voluntary Bond. How far deviations from the form prescribd by statute may be made, and, if the bond be voluntarily given, its obligation remains. United States v. Hodson, 395.

SUITS. Original, and supplementary or defensive, distinguished. ing, 66; Jones v. Andrews, 827.

Reilly v. Gold-

SURETY. See Principaland Surety.

TARIFF. See Customs of the United States.

TAXATION. See ConstitutionalLaw, 2; Construction, Rules of, 4, 6; Tax Sales.

TAX SALES. See Construction, Rules of, 6; Illinois, 1. 1. The act of June 7th, 1862, "to collect taxes in insurrectionary districts," authorizes redemption by a party furnishing prim facie evidence of possessing the character which entitles him under the act to redeem. Corbtt v. Nutt, 464. 2. Does not require, as a condition of recovery, where land has been

VOL. X.

45

706

INDEX.

TAX SALES (continued). redeemed, the forwarding to the Secretary of the Treasury of a certificate of redemption, &c. lb.
3.The 7th section of the act of March 3d, 1865 (amendatory of the abovecited one), applies only to owners seeking in person to redeem. 1b.
TERMS. Meaning of particular. See ''Devise;' " ''Incidental;" "Navigable Waters of the United States; ''Sales, TranSfers, and Conveyances."
UNITED STATES. A case stated where she cannot set up her immunity from suit in rem by an individual. See subora, Salvage, 5.
USAGE. See Evidence, 8.
"VOLUNTARY BOND." A bond which'a statute says that a party whom it roquires to bo licensed "shall " give before his license is issued, and which makes it a penal offence for him to exercise a business without taking out such license, is a voluntary bond, if given without duress. United States v. Hodson, 895.
WORDS. Meaning of particular. See "1Devise:" "1Incidental " "Navigable Waters of the United States;" I ISales, Transfers, and Conveyances."
WRIT OF ERROR . See Practice, 7, 8, 12. Its effect (and that of an appeal) upon the jurisdiction of the subordinate court. In virfue of what, operating as supersedeas and stay of execution. Time and mode of giving eflect to, when the subordinate court afterwards proceeds to issue final process. How far operating in cases under the 25th section of the Judiciary Act. These matters considered. Slaughter-house Cases, 273.

