740

WILKINS v. ELLETT.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

residence of the witnesses are concerned; but it is denied that he has been sufficiently specific as to the places where the use was to be shown. It is said that it is not sufficient to name the city, but that the particular mill in which the invention had been used must be pointed out. But we cannot take judicial notice how many, or how few, mills using Stones may be in any particular locality. In some town there may be but one. Nor do we think that the party giving notice is bound to be so specific as to relieve the other from all inquiry or effbrt to investigate the facts. If he fairly puts his adversary in the way that he may ascertain all that is necessary to his defence or answer, it is all that can be required, and he is not bound by his notice to impose an unnecessary and embarrassing restriction on his own right of producing proof of what he asserts. We are all, therefore, of opinion, that when, in addition to the particular town or city in which such large objects as millstones are used, the name and residence of the witness by whom that use is to be proved is also given, there is sufficient precision and certainty in the notice.*
The questions propounded are accordingly answered: the first in the affirmative, and the second in the negative.

WILKINS V. ELLETT, ADMINISTRATOR.
A voluntary payment of a debt to a foreign administrator held good as against the claim of an administrator duly appointed at the domicile of the debtor, in which last place the debt was paid; there having been no creditors of the intestate in this last place, nor any persons there entitled as distributees.
ERROR to the Circuit Court for the Western District of Tennessee; the case was this:
Quarles being domiciled in the State of Alabama, died there, and letters of administration were there taken out by
*Phillips v. Page, 24 Howard, 164.

Dec. 1869.]

WILKINS V. ELLETT. Opinion of the court.

one Goodloe, of that State. Wilkins, a resident of Memphis, Tennessee, owed the estate $3455, and being called upon at Memphis by Goodloe, the administrator, paid the debt and took a receipt. Goodloe duly accounted before the Probate Court in Alabama for the sum thus received. Afterwards, Ellett, a citizen of the State of Virginia, and who professed to be next of kin to the deceased, took out letters of administration in Tennessee, and brought this suit against Wilkins to recover the same debt. There were no creditors or persons entitled as distributees of the intestate in the State of Tennessee. The court below, holding that the voluntary payment by Wilkins to the Alabama administrator was in his own wrong, gave judgment for the plaintiff. Wilkins, the debtor, now brought the case tothis court; the question, of course, being whether voluntary payment to the foreign administrator had discharged the home one.

Mr. D. K. Me-Rae, in supportof thejudgment below:
The identical question in this case has been presented and settled in Tennessee.* It is there taken fbr granted as settled doctrine in England and America, that an administrator appointed in one country is not by virtue of such appointment entitled to sue, in his official capacity, in any other country. Ile is a stranger to the debt, without authority to receive or give acquittance.
Judge Story, who, in Trecothick v. Austin,t uttered a dictum to a contrary effect, directly controverts the position of the dictum in his Conflict of Laws,T where the question is properly presented with its qualifications.

Messrs. .tumes and Poston, contra.

Mr. Justice NELSON delivered the opinion of the court. It has long been settled, and is a principle of universal jurisprudence, in all civilized nations, that the personal

Young, Administrator v. O'Neal, 3 Sneed, 55.

- 4 Mason, 16-33. $ Conflict of Laws,

514, 514 a, 514 b, 515.

WILKINS V. ELLETT.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court..

estate of the deceased is to be regarded, for the purposes of succession and distribution, wherever situated, as having no other locality than that of his domicile; and, if he dies intestate, the succession is governed by the law of the place where he was domiciled at the time of his decease, and not by the conflicting laws of the various places where the property happened at the time to be situated.* The original administrator, therefore, with letters taken out at the place of the domicile, is invested with the title to all the personal property of the deceased for the purpose of collecting the effects of the estate, paying the debts, and making distribution of the residue, according to the law of the place, or di-
rections of the will, as the case may be. It is true, if any portion of the estate is situated in another
country, be cannot recover possession by suit without taking out letters of administration from the proper tribunal in that country, as the original letters can confer upon him no extraterritorial authority. The difficulty does not lie in any defect of title to the possession; but in a limitation or qualification of the general principles in respect to personal property by the comity of nations, founded upon the policy of the foreign country to protect the -interests of its home creditors. These letters are regarded as merely ancillary to the original letters, as to the collection and distribution of the effects; and generally are simply made subservient to the claims of the domestic creditors, the residuum being transmitted to the probate court of the country of the domicile, for the final settlement of the estate. It is upon this qualification of the law of comity and consequent inability of the original adninistrator to sue in the foreign country, upon which the objection is founded to the validity of the voluntary payment by the foreign debtor to him.
There is doubtless some plausibility in it, growing out of the interest of the home creditors. But it has not been regarded of sufficient weight to carry with it the judicial mind of the country. With the exception of the case in the State

2 Kent's Commentaries, 429; Story's Conflict of Laws, j 379.

Dec. 1869.]

WALKER V. WALKER.

Syllabus.

of Tennessee, none have been referred to, nor have our own researches found any, maintaining the invalidity of the payment. The question has been directly and indirectly before several of the courts of the States, and the opinions have all been in one direction--in favor of the validity.*
Mr. Justice Story, in his Conflict of Laws,t has expressed a doubt as it respects the soundness of the doctrine upon principles of international law, and which is mainly relied on in the present case by the defendant in error. He had affirmed it in Trecothick v. Austin, and he admits in a note,J that if a debtor be found in a foreign country where the creditor died, and where he had his domicile, and was sued by the administrator, he could not protect himself by a plea that he was liable to pay only to an administrator appointed at the place of his (the creditor's) domicile. All debts follow the person, not of the debtor in respect of the right or property, but of the creditor, to whom due.§
JUDGMENT REVERSED.

WALKER V. WALKER'S ExEcUTOR.

1. A covenant by a husbaud for the maintenance of the wife, contained in a deed of separation between them, through the medium of trustees, where the consideration is apparent, must now be regarded on authority as valid, notwithstanding the serious objections to such deeds. It will accordingly be enforced in equity, if it appear that the deed was not made in contemplation of a future possible separation, but in respect to one which was to occur immediately, or for the continuance of one that bad already taken place. And this especially if the separation was occasioned by the misconduct of the husband, and the provision for the wife's support was reasonable under the circumstances, and no more

* Williams v. Storrs, 6 Johnson's Chancery, 353; Doolittle v.Lewis, 7

1b. 51; Vroom v. Van Horne, 10 Paige, 549, 557; Schultz v. Pulver, 11 Wendell, 361 ; Trecothick v. Austin, 4 Mason, 88; Stevens v. Gaylord, 11 Massachusetts, 256 ; Nisbet v.Stewart, 2 Devereux & Battle, 24; Parsons v. Lyman, 20 New York, 108.

t 515 a.

I lb. 432.

Thorne v.Watkins, 2 Vesey, Sr., 85.

1486

INGLE V. JONES. Syllabus.

[Sup. Ct.

the city to lend its credit, and issue the bonds in question, was in violation of the provision of the constitution above referred to. But, at the time this loan was made, and these bonds were issued, the decisions of the court of the State favored the validity of the law.* The last decision, cannot, therefore, be followed.t
JUDGMENT AFFIRMED.
Dissenting, Mr. Justice MILLER.

INGLE V. JONES.
1. Although by the statutes of'Maryland which are in force in that part of the District of Columbia which makes the county of Washington,judgment against an administrator for his testator's debts should be entered only for assets as they shall come into his hands, still, a judgment in the ordinary form will not prevent the creditors filing a bill to charge the realty where the record shows that after such judgment the auditor of the court has, in pursuance of a reference by the court to him, found the personalty insufficient to pay the debt, and that recourse must be had to such realty.
2. The law governing there, makes the proceeding against the administrator and the heir, when the latter proceeding is necessary, entirely independent of each other. If it be necessary to resort to the realty to discharge debts, a proceeding against the heir must be instituted, and in that case, whatever has been done by the administrator is without effect, as to the property sought to be charged. A judgment against the administrator is not evidence against the heir, and the demand must be proved in all respects as if there had been no prior proceeding to effect its collection.
3. When a will imposes on an executor, who is named, duties foreign to those which come within the scope of an executor's ordinary functions, such powers do not pass to an administrator unless it be clear that it was the intention of the testator to make him a donee of the power.
4. A mere administrator, not the donee of such a power, cannot plead the statute of limitations to defeat a suit brought on a judgment, by a creditor seeking to charge the realty with his debt,
5. The three months allowed by the 69th of the Rules in Equity, for the
See Dean v. Madison, 7 Wisconsin, 688; Clark v. Janesville, 10 Id.
136.-REP. t Gelpeke v. Dubuque, 1 Wallace, 175.

Dec. 1869.]

INGL V. JONES.

Statement of the case.

taking of testimony, has reference to the taking of testimony by both parties ; defendants as much as complainants. It is for the court be-
low to decide whether further time shall be given or refused, and ordinarily the determination of the question would not be deemed a fit subject for review by this tribunal, though cases may occur of so flagrant a character that it would be its duty to interpose. 6. It refused to interpose, though the court below had been prompt in setting down a case for hearing, the case having been one by a complainant having a pretty plain right, from the enjoyment of which he was kept by a defendant in possession, who had been contesting the case for eighteen years with great pertinacity, and with the interposition of all kinds of technical objections. 7. The necessity of an order for the sale of real property to pay debts being
clear, the court may direct an ascertainment of the whole amount of the testator's liabilities when the sale is confirmed. It is not indispensable
that such ascertainment have been made before the sale was ordered.

APPEAL from the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia; the case being this:
By certain ancient statutes of Maryland, in force within the District,* it is enacted that in suits against an administrator he need not plead plene adminislravit, nor anything relative to assets; and that he shall not be burdened further than these have come to his hands; but that after verdict against the administrator, the court shall assess the pro rata which he ought to pay; and to do this the court is authorized "when the real debt or damages are ascertained (meaning by verdict or confession) to refer the matter to an auditor, to ascertain the sum for which judgment shall be given." In case the judgment shall be for a sum inferior to the real debt, it shall go on and say, "that the plaintiff is entitled to such further sum as the court shall hereafter assess on discovery of further assets in the hands of the defendant."
These statutes being in force-and the 69th of the Equity Rules set forth by this court for the governance of courts below in equity causes, prescribing that " three months, and no more, shall be allowed for the taking of testimony after the cause isat issue, unless the court or a judge thereof shall, upon special cause shown by either party, enlarge the
* Act of 1786, chapter 80, i; act of 1798, chapter 101, subchapters 7, 8, vii, viii, ix.

INOLE V. JONES.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

time"-Zephaniah Jones, a builder, entered in 1851 into a contract with Miss Ann R. Dermott for building her a large house in Washington; she agreeing to pay him $24,000 for his work; parts of the sum to be paid as the building advanced. The house was so far built as to be ready for delivery in May, 1852, and it was delivered to Miss Dermott accordingly; its yearly rental being subsequently estimated at from $7000 to $8000. Before the corn pletion of things on either side, misunderstandings arose, and Miss Dermott refusing to pay the balance claimed by Jones, he sued her to recover it. The suit was earnestly contested; technical objections being raised wherever they could be set up. Jones obtained a verdict and judgment, but it was reversed here on objections of this kind. Being thus sent back he then obtained a second verdict and judgment, which was reversed on like grounds. Settlement of the claim was thus greatly
protracted.
In the progress of the contest Miss Dermott departed this life, leaving debts; leaving the house which Jones had built and the ground on which it stood (her chief realty), some (not very considerable) personalty, and a will of a peculiar kind.
By this will she appointed eight executors, one of them being a certain John P. Ingle. The executors and their survivors, in the performance of the "powers, commissions, charges, functions, and duties," which she gave them along with "the exclusive care, management, and stewardship of her estate," were to have its entire management and control during an uncertain time named by her. They were to rent the real estate, and out of the rents and the personal estate, not otherwise disposed of; were to pay her funeral expenses, and her other debts, without regard to limitations of time, "if found according to their best judgment really due in conscience;" to pay several legacies, and to pay also an annuity, while their duties were executing, though after the execution accomplished, it was to be a charge on the estate; they
were to pay all such debts of her brother, contracted by him in a place and within a time named, as they should,

Dee. 1869.]

INGLE V. JONES.

489

Statement of the case.

"according to the best of theirjudgnments and discretions,deem due in conscience, and no other debts or pretended debts of his contracting." They were authorized to sell certain lots in" an old cemetery, and to buy others in a new one, and to build there a vault to receive her remains. The power was given to mortgage her real estate, if found necessary to pay debts. After the debts and legacies were all satisfied the entire estate was to be delivered over to twenty trustees, named in the will, one Stringfellow being the first named, to whom and their heirs it was devised for a charity described; a charity, however, which now was confessedly void, and which could not be enforced as against her heirs.
All the persons named as executors declined to act except one of them, John P. Ingle, already named. He,however, after taking letters and defending against Jones's suit, but not wholly settling the estate, died during the progress of the controversy; thus leaving no executor to the will. Miss Dermott had provided in that instrument that if the surviving executor should die while the trusts were yet executory, the execution of her will, &c., "shall not devolve upon the executor of such deceased executor, but upon such person or persons as the vestries of St. John and Trinity
Churches* may elect to go on and complete this will in so far as the execution thereof is committed to my said executors, and that proper letters of administration with the will might be granted by the court or authority competent for the purpose, to the person or persons so elected." But the vestries of the two churches named by Miss Dermott did not elect any one in pursuance of her will to take his place, and the court in Washington competent for that purpose, acting under a statutet which authorized the appointment of such an administrator, but was silent as to the powers which such a representative of the decedent shall have, appointed one John I. Ingle, administrator de bonis non, with the will annexed.
Against this administrator de bonis non, &c., Jones finally,

* Two Episcopal churches in Washington. t Act of Maryland, 1798, chapter 101, subcha~pter 6,

6,&c.

INGLE V. JONES.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

in 1865, and after fifteen years' prosecution of his suit, obtained a judgment. The record entry of it was " for $20,136, .with interest from April 5th, 1852, with costs, to be levied of the goods and chattels which were of the said Ann Dermott at the time of her death, which have come, or at any time hereafter shall come, to the hands of the said John H. Ingle, to be administered, if such goods and chattels be sufficient to discharge said damages and costs and all other just claims against the same; and if not sufficient, then said damages and costs to be levied of said goods and chattels ratably with all other just claims against the same." The record proceeded:
"And, because it is unknown to the court here whether all or only such ratable part of said damages and costs ought to be so levied, it is referred to the auditor to inquire thereof, according to the statute in such ease made and provided, and report accordingly."

The auditor reported that there were no assets in Ingle's hands which could be applied to payment of the debt. Jones thereupon filed a bill in equity in the court below-the bill to the decree on which the present appeal was taken-to subject the testator's real estate to the payment of the judgment. And the complainant alleging that Ingle, being administrator of the unadministered personalty only, had no concern with the realty, the court appointed a receiver, one Wilson, to take charge of it, and to receive the rents.
The bill thus now brought, made Ingle administralor,&c., and Hoe and several others, heirs-at-law of Miss Dermott, and Stringfellow with other trustees, parties defendant. The fbrmer denied the justice of the demand, and pleaded the statute of limitations. Hoe and some others filing their answers, confessed its validity, did not plead the statute, and agreed to the sale of the realty as prayed for. And against Stringfellow and the trustees the case went by default.

The cause was put at issue on the 6th of March, 1866. The 69th rule in.equity, as already stated, allowed the par-

Dec. 1869.]

INGLE V. JONES.

Statement of the case.

ties three months thereafter to take their testimony. The complainant began the taking of his on the 14th of that month. Between that time and the 23d, inclusive, he examined nine witnesses; the complainant's counsel, to whom notice had been given, appearing and cross-examining those of them whose testimony was the most important. An adjournment was ordered by the examiner, from the 23d of March until the 2d of June. A deposition relating to a formal matter was then taken, and the complainant's counsel announcing that he had closed the examination of witnesses on his part, the examiner on that day (four days yet remaining of the three months) sealed up the depositions and transmitted them to the court; no objection being at this time made by the defendants.
A side issue, made also about this time, must here be referred to. It has been mentioned that the answers of the heirs-at-law admitted the justice of Jones's claim, and assented to the granting of his prayer for satisfaction from the realty. On the 23d of May they filed a petition, setting forth that these answers were obtained from them by fraud practised upon them by an emissary of Jones, and asking leave to withdraw those answers, and to file answers de novo. The particulars of the case were given by them. Jones answered, denying them; but the issue having been one of fact, there is nothing in it worthy of report, further than that the particular matter was set down for hearing on the 11th of June, and that on the 14th the court, refusing to allow the withdrawal prayed for, dismissed the petition asking it.
Returning now to the main case. Six days before this dismissal-that is to say, on the 11th of June, and still, therefore, before the three months for taking testimony had co npletely expired-the court set down the motion for publication of the testimony on the 8th of June, 1866, and on the same day set down the cause for hearing at the then term; the petition to take the answers off the file being still not passed on and pending. On the 10th of June, the defendants gave notice that they would take testimony on the 19th of the month, and filed objections against the case being

INGLE V. JONES. Argument for the administrator.

,[Sup. Ct.

heard at the then term, and showing afterwards as cause that no sufficient opportunity had been allowed to them to take rebutting testimony, after the evidence in chief on the part of the complainant was closed on the 2d of June, and because none was allowed the defendants, heirs-at-law, to take evidence in support of the allegations of their petition, filed May 23d, for withdrawal of their answers. The court below, however, heard the case, and on the 3d of July, 1866, finding the amount due to the complainant, and that it was necessary to sell the real estate described in the bill to pay it, ordered the premises to be sold, and the proceeds to be held subject to the further order of the court. From this decree it was that Ingle now appealed.

Messrs. R. J. and J. L. Brent and S. L. Phillips,for the appellant:
1. By the old statutes of Maryland which regulate the subject, no judgment can be rendered against an administrator until it is judicially ascertained, on an auditor's report or otherwise, that there is, or is not, any assets in hand, and when this fact is ascertained, the judgment is entered and moulded accordingly.' The true entry and form of making up of the record, in such a case as this was, is shown in Harris's Entries,* in which old and approved book of precedents, it will be seen that there is no entry even of an interlocutory judgment on a confession of the debt (or by analogy on a verdict establishing it), until the auditor's report is made. There was thus in law no judgment whatever on this verdict.
2. Did the administrator de bonis non with the will annexed, who sets up the illegality of the claim and also the statute of limitations, succeed to the trust estate vested in the executor, these trusts being yet unexecuted when that executor died? No doubt the testatrix conlemplated the occurrence of two events, viz., the nomination by the vestries, and its ratification by the Orphans' Court. But she has failed

* Page 104.

Dec. 1869.]

INGLE V. JONES.

Argument for the administrator.

to say what her intention was in case the Orphans' Court ap-
pointed a person, upon the failure of the vestries lo notinate. Did she mean to let the great trusts of her will fail in this last case? Certainly not. We must therefore construe her will as containing two intents-first, a particular intent that her administrator should be named by the vestries; secondly, a general intent, that her administrator, however appointed, should be the trustee. If so, and both intents cannot be gratified, the rule is to construe the will upon the cy-pres doctrine, and sacrifice the particular intent, which in such case is construed as merely directory and not imperative. If this court takes that view, we are let into both defences. Of course, if our view is right, the appointment of a receiver was improper. [The counsel then went into these points.]
3. The answers of the heirs-at-law of Miss Dermott were obtained by contrivance and fraud, and should have been taken off the files, that they might answer de novo. [The counsel then argued this point.]
4. The court erred in ordering publication, and refusing to allow the defendants to take evidence on the merits. The complainant consumed the three months by his evidence in chief, and then announced it closed, and on the same day had it filed and moved for publication. The defendants in vain excepted, and prayed for an extension of time (under the 69th rule) to rebut the testimony taken; but the court below held that we were in fault for not taking testimony pari passu with the complainant. The action of the cornmissioner in closing and sealing the depositions, on the 2d of June, cut us out of four days of the three months during which we were entitled to take testimony; and even if we had served a notice de novo to take it, such had been the course of the other side that the time would have been too short for us. We were at any rate clearly entitled to keep the depositions open for four days to examine any witnesses we chose.
Then on the 5th of June, before the three months had expired, the court set down the motion for publication of the testimony on the 8th of June, 1866, and on the same day

INGLE V. JONES.

[Sul). Ct.

Recapitulation of the case in the opinion.
the cause was set down for hearing by order of the court. The petition to take answers offfile was still pending, and the defendants could not take evidence while pleadings were being perfected. If they had gone on to take it under those disputed answers, it would have prejudiced their petition to take them off the file. In addition, the defendants could not know what rebutting evidence to adduce until the complainant closed his case on the 2d of June, 1866.
This particular error of the court below was a great one, for it saps the foundations of justice, by paralyzing all attempts at defence.
5. The decree was erroneous on its face. Without any reference to the auditor to report what other debts than Jones's existed, it decrees the sale of the whole real estate; omitting to adjudicate the amount or insufficiency of the personal estate, so as to subject the realty to the payment of the deficiency for which it was only responsible.
Messrs. Davidge and J. I. Bradley, eontra.
Mr. Justice SWAYNE delivered the opinion of the court.
This is an appeal in equity from the decree of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. The record is voluminous, and contains numerous exhibits, and much of detail, which we have not found it necessary to consider. The material facts lie within a narrow compass, and the questions presented for our determination are neither numerous nor difficult of solution. On the 22d of April, 1851, the testatrix and the appellee entered into a contract for the erection by the latter of a large building in the city of Wash-
ington. She was to pay for the structure the sum of $24,000; $5000 on the 1st of July, 1851; $5000 on the 1st of October following, provided certain parts of the building were then ready for occupation ; and the remaining $14,000 on the 1st of January, 1860, with interest, as stipulated. The first instalment was duly paid. Nothing has been paid since. Possession of those parts of the building to be first completed was delivered in December, 1851, and of the residue in April,

Dec. 1869.]

INGLE V. JONES.

Opinion of the court.

1852. In May, 1852, Jones sued for the instalment due on the 1st of October, 1851, and recovered. The judgment was reversed by this court.* The declaration was then amended by withdrawing the special counts and enlarging the ad quod damnum to $40,000, and a verdict and judgment were recovered for $22,149, and interest. This judgment was also reversed.t The case was again tried, and a verdict and judgment were recovered for $20,136.23, with interest from the 5th of April, 1852. The auditor of the court was directed to ascertain the amount of assets in the hands of Ingle, the administrator, which could be applied in payment of the debt. He reported that there were no assets available for thai purpose. Jones thereupon filed this bill to subject the real estate therein described to the payment of
his demand.

It is insisted by the counsel for the appellants that the judgment is erroneous in fbrm, and is, in fact, only interlocutory. This objection is well taken. According to the statutes of Maryland, which are in force in the county of Washington, the judgment, under the circumstances, should have been entered only for assets as they should thereafter come into the hands of the administrator. But this fact is immaterial. The case is governed by the local law. That law makes the proceeding against the administrator and the heir, when the latter proceeding is necessary, entirely independent of each other. The duties of the administrator are confined to the personal estate, and never extend beyond it. If that be insufficient to discharge the debts, and it be necessary to resort to the realty of the deceased for that purpose, a proceeding against the heir must be instituted. In that event, whatever has been done by the administrator is without effect, as to the property sought to be charged. Ajudgment against the administrator is not evidence against the heir. The demand must be proved in all respects as if there had been no prior proceeding to effect its collection,

23 Howard, 220.

t 2 Wallace, 1.

INGLE V. JONES.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

and the statute of limitations may be pleaded with the same effect as if there had been no prior recovery against the personal representative.*
We have examined with care the proofs in the record of the complainant's demand as set forth in the bill, and are satisfied with the amount found by the decree. It could be productive of no good to vindicate this view of the subject, by enteri'.g into an analytical examination of the testimony. We are not unmindful of the length of time through which the complainant has been pursuing his remedy, nor of the verdicts which have been rendered in the trials at law. They were the results of vigorously contested litigation, after the most elaborate preparation of the case. Nor are we unmindful that the court below, in the case before us, came substantially to the same conclusion. Our judgment, however, has been formed upon grounds wholly apart from these considerations. If the question were res indegra in this case, and now for the first time to be passed upon, we should have no difficulty in sustaining the decree. We think the full amount found by the court is justly due.
Ann R. Dermott, by her will, appointed eight executors, and clothed them with important powers and duties. They were to have the entire management and control of the estate during the uncertain time specified. They were to rent out the real estate. Out of the rents and the personal estate, not otherwise disposed of, they were to pay her debts, without regard to limitation of time; to pay her funeral expenses; several legacies, amounting in the aggregate to between $3000 and $4000; to pay an annuity of $400, while their duties were executory, after which it was to be a charge upon the estate; they were to pay, in their discretion, certain debts of her brother; they were to build a vault to receive her remains, and they were authorized to sell two cemetery lots. The power was given to mortgage, if found necessary to pay debts. After the debts and legacies were all satisfied, the entire estate was to be delivered over to twenty trustees,
Statutes of Maryland of 1786 and 1798; Collinson v. Owens et al., 6 Gill
& Johnson, 4; 8 Peters, 628.

Dec. 1869.]

INGLE V. JONES.
Opinion of the court.

named in the will, to whom and their heirs it was devised, to enable them to found and support a female orphan asylum. The beneficiaries were to be such destitute white orphans as the trustees, or any corporation which might succeed them, should select. The provision for this charity is admitted on both sides to be void. The statute of the 43d Elizabeth never was in force in Maryland. The trust resulted for the benefit of the heirs-at-law.* All the persons named as executors declined to act, except one of them, John P. Ingle, who qualified, and took out letters testamentary. He died, whereupon the defendant, John 1-. Ingle, was appointed administrator, with the will annexed. The will provides, that if the surviving executor should die while the trusts are executory, their execution should devolve upon such person or persons as the vestries of St. John and Trinity Churches should elect to go on and complete their execution, so far as they were committed to the executors, and she desired that letters of administration, with the will annexed, or other competent authority, should be granted to the person or persons so elected. The vestries made no election. Letters were granted by the judge of probate to John If. Ingle, as if the will contained no such provision.
The question whether the administrator thus appointed could exercise any authority as to the real estate is deemed an important one by the counsel on both sides, and has been fully argued. The Maryland statutes which bear upon the subject provide for the appointment of an adyninistrator de bonis non, with the will annexed, but are silent as to his powers. By the common law his duties are confined to the personal estate, unadministered by his predecessor. Whatever authority he may possess as to the real estate must be derived from the will. If not found there in express terms, or by necessary implication, it has no existence. Hence the test,. in all such cases, is the intention of the testator. Many of the duties enjoined upon the executors were foreign to those which come within the scope of their ordinary func-

* Dashiell v. Attorney-General, 5 Harris & Johnson, 400; Same v. Same,

6 Id. 9; Wildenian v. The Mayor of Baltimore, 8 Maryland, 554.

VOL. IX.

82

INGLE V. JONES.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

tions. Such a power never passes by devolution to an administrator, unless it be clear that it was the intention of the testator that he should become the donee of the power, in place of the executor appointed by the will. If no provision be made by the will for such substitution, the power does not become extinguished, but the case falls within the category of those where a court of equity will not permit a trust to fail for the want of a trustee, but will appoint one, and clothe him with authority adequate to the duties to be discharged.* In the case under consideration it is clear the testatrix did not intend that any one not clothed with the sanctions she prescribed should be intrusted with any duty touching her estate. The administrator occupies the same relation to the realty as if he were administrator de bonis non without the will annexed, and the testatrix had died intestate. This disposes of the questions raised as to the statute of limitations. The administrator alone has interposed that defence. It cannot avail those who represent the real estate, and who are the only parties in interest in this proceeding.
It was proper for the court to appoint a receiver. Until this was done there was no one authorized to take charge of the property and receive the rents.
Upon looking carefully into the record we find no foundation for the imputation that the answers of the heirs-at-law were obtained by fraud or contrivance. It was within the discretion of the court to allow them to be taken off the files and the parties to answer de novo, or to overrule the application made for that purpose. We think this discretion was not abused.
It was strenuously insisted that the court erred in refusing further time to the defendants to take testimony. The earnestness with which the point was pressed has induced us to examine it with more care than we should otherwise have deemed necessary. The cause was put at issue on the 6th of March, 1866. The 69th rule in equity allowed the parties
Egerton, Administrator, v Conklin, 25 Wendell, 238; Do Peyster v.
Clendining, 8 Paige, 296; Dominick v. Michael, 4 Sandford, 402; Cole v. Wade, 16 Vesey, 42; 1 Chance on PNwers, 658, 681.

Dec. 1869.]

INGLE V. JONES.

Opinion of the court.

three months thereafter to take their testimony. The complainant commenced taking his on the 14th of that month. Between that time and the 23d, inclusive, he examined nine witnesses. Notice was given to the defendant's counsel. He appeared and cross-examined the witnesses so far as he chose to do so. An adjournment was ordered by the examiner, from the 23d of March until the 2d of June. A single deposition relating to a formal matter was then taken. The examiner thereupon closed the testimony and returned it to the court. It does not appear that the defendants made any objection to the adjournment, or manifested any desire to take testimony during the period of more than two months between the time of the adjournment and the time to which it extended. The application for further time was heard and overruled by the court on the 8th of June. The rule referred to provides that " three months, and no more, shall be allowed for the taking of testimony after the cause is at issue, unless the court or a judge thereof shall, upon special cause shown by either party, enlarge the time." The three months are allowed for the taking of testimony by both parties. The limitation applies as much to defendants as to complainants. It is for the court or judge to decide whether further time shall be given or refused, and ordinarily the determination of the question would not be deemed a fit subject for review by this tribunal. Cases may, however, occur of so flagrant a character that it would be our duty to correct the error. In the case before us the complainant's testimony was substantially closed on the 23d of March. The defendants had from that time until the 6th of June to take testimony on their part in the regdlar way. No reason is given why they neglected to do so. Indeed they were bound to proceed as soon as the cause was at issue. They had no right to wait until the complainant was through. They knew from the previous trials at law what his testimony would be. If there was any surprise, and an extension of time was necessary, doubtless it would have been given. The complainant was pursuing the residue of his" compensation for the house he had built. lie had delivered

INGLE V. JONES.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

possession years before. The house was large and valuable. The proof is that it rented for from seven to eight thousand dollars per year. His expenditures had been large. He had received less than a quarter of the contract price, and nothing for his extra work. He had recovered two verdicts for the amount claimed. ie had been engaged for more than fourteen years in a bitter and expensive litigation, in which every possible impediment had been thrown in his way. In the light of these facts we are not prepared to say that the court below erred in the ruling complained of.
There is no error apparent on the face of the decree. It -finds the amount due to the complainant, and that it was necessary to sell the real estate described in the bill to pay it. It orders the premises to be sold in the manner prescribed, and the proceeds to be held subject to the further order of the court. The auditor had found and reported
the deficiency of assets requisite to give the court jurisdiction and to entitle the complainant to the relief sought by his bill. The necessity of making the sale, if the complainant's demand was to be paid, was clear upon the proofs, and was not denied by the answers. The amount of the liabilities to be paid out of the proceeds might have been ascertained before the decree of sale was made, but that was not indispensable. It may as well be done when the sale is confirmed. The rights of all parties in respect to the fund can then be ascertained, and payment and distribution be ordered accordingly. It is not alleged that the premises were susceptible of division, or if they were, that it was not necessary to sell the whole. No such issue is made in the pleadings, and no such pi'oof is found in the testimony.
It is now nearly eighteen years since the complainant commenced a suit to recover what has been adjudged to him in this case. The conflict has been flagrant ever since. The demand seems to us to be simple and just. We find no error in the record, and the decree of the court below is
AFFIRMED.

Dec. 1869.]

HOE v. WILSON.
Statement of the case.

NOTE.
In sequence to the preceding case should be reported another, an offspring from it, and like it, from the Supreme Court of the District, the case of
HOE ET AL. V. WILSON.
1. Where certain heirs at law seek to set aside a sale of their ancestor's realty made under a decree of a competent court ordering, at a creditor's instance, such sale for the payment of a debt due him, they should make the creditor on whose application the sale was made a party. All the heirs also should be parties. It is not enough that those who bring the suit profess to file their bill "for themselves and the other heirs at law," these last being known and not numerous.
2. This court will reverse and remand a case thus defective as to parties, although this deficiency have not been made a point at the bar below.
8. It will not consider a case upon documents not in the cause below, though filed here by consent as if returned under a writ of diminution.
THE decree of the Supreme Court of the District ordering a sale of Miss Dermott's real estate, which the affirmance in the preceding case adjudged was rightly made, having been executed and a sale made, and the property bought by Wilson, who as stated in the report of the case had been appointed receiver of its rents, Hoe, there also mentioned as an heir-at-law of Miss IDermott, with eight others, her heirs also, who joined with him, filed a bill against this Wilson to set aside the purchase, the ground of their bill being that he had purchased below the real value of the property, and that having been receiver, he was incompetent, with proper regard to those rules which equity places around all persons standing in positions of confidence, to purchase at all. The nine heirs who thus filed the bill professed to file it "fbr themselves and the other heirs at law," averring that there were such others, but not naming them nor saying anything as to their number, nor indeed anything else about them. The testimony showed the existence of four, and gave the names of two in full, with a statement that the full names of the two others were not remembered, but that in their names occurred, in the one, "O'Neal," and in the other, "Jane." The

NOONAN V. BRADLEY. Syllabus.

[Sup. Ct.

by original process, and the defendant had waived all excep-

tion to jurisdiction, and pleaded to the merits. Under the

11th section the exception to jurisdiction is the privilege of

the defendant, and may be waived; for the suit is still between

citizens of different States, and the jurisdiction still appears

in the record. The first act of the defendant, indeed, under

the 12th section, is something more than consent, something

more than a waiver of objection to jurisdiction, it is a prayer

for the privilege of resorting to Federal jurisdiction, and he

cannot be permitted afterwards to question it.*

We cannot doubt, therefore, that the Circuit Court had

jurisdiction of the case under consideration. We are all of

opinion that the court erred in remanding the cause to the

jurisdiction of the State court, and the order to that effect

must be

REVERSED.

KONAN V. BRADLEY.
1. An administrator appointed in one State cannot, by virtue of such appointment, maintain an action in another State, in the absence of a statute of the latter State giving effect to that appointment, to enforce an obligation due his intestate. If he desires to prosecute a suit in another State he must first obtain a grant of administration therein in accordance with its laws.
2. In an action by a plaintiff as an administrator, the objection that, as to the causes of action stated in the declaration, he is not, and never has been, administrator of the effects of the deceased, may be taken by a special plea in bar.
3. It would appear that the objection may also be taken by a plea in abatc ment.
4. One plea in bar is not waived by the existence of another plea in bar, though the two may be inconsistent in their averments with each other. The remedy of the plaintiff in such case is not by demurrer, but by motion to strike out one of the pleas, or to compel the defendant to elect by which he will abide.
5. In an action by a plaintiff as administrator, a plea to the merits admits the representative character of the plaintiff to the extent stated in the declaration, and if that statement is consistent with the grant of letters
Sayles v. Northwestern Insurance Co., 2 Curtis, 212.

Dec 1869.]

NOONAN V. BRADLEY.

Statement of the case.

within the State, it also admits his right to sue in that capacity;-but such a plea admits nothing more than the title stated in the declaration. 6. The substitution in this court of an administrator as a party in place of his intestate on the record, in a case pending on appeal, only authorizes the prosecution of that case in his name; it confers no right to prosecute any other suit in his name. 7. In an action in one State by an administratot appointed in another State, on a bond given to the intestate, a plea that the bond was bona notabilia on the death of the decedent, in the State other than the one which appointed the administrator suing as plaintiff, and that an administrator of the effects of the decedent in that State has been appointed and qualified, is a good answer to the action. It is an averment of facts which in law excludes all right to, and control over, the property in that State by the foreign administrator. 8. Where a bond for the purchase-money of certain land was delivered upon an agreement indorsed upon the bond by the obligee that he would not enforce the bond in case his title to the land should fail: Held, that the agreement was not limited in its operation to the time when the bond matured or the penalty became forfeited, but was a perpetual covenant not to enforce the bond in case the designated event at any time hap-
pened. 9. Where doubt exists as to the construction of an instrument prepared by
one party, upon the faith of which the other party has incurred obligations or parted with his property, that construction should be adopted which will be favorable to the latter party ; and where an instrument is susceptible of two constructions-the one working injustice and the other consistent with the right of the case-that one should be favored which upholds the right. 10. The agreement above-mentioned indorsed on the bond constitutes a part of the condition of the bond, qualifying its provisions for the payment of the instalments of the principal and interest, and declaring, in effect,
that the payments shall not be required and the obligation of the bond shall cease in case the event designated happens.

ERROR to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Wisconsin; the case being thus:
In October, 1855, Noonan, the defendant in the court below, purchased of one Lee, and received from him a warranty deed of certain real property situated in the State of Wisconsin, and for the purchase-money gave his bond in the penal sum of eight thousand dollars, conditioned to pay four thousand dollars in four equal annual instalments, with interest, secured by a mortgage on the property. At that time the premises were in the possession of one Orton,

NO0NAN V. BRADLEY.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

holding them adversely to Lee, and in consequence of this fact Noonan required from Lee, as a condition to the delivery of the bond, an agreement against its enforcement in case his title to the land should fail (except as against the United States for the portion of the river (Milwaukee) beyond a certain designated line), and to deduct from the sum stipulated the amount of any incumbrances which might be found on the property. Such an agreement was accordingly given, and was indorsed on the bond. It was as follows:
I agree, if ily title fails to the property for the consideration of which this bond is given, except as against the United States, fbr the portion of the river beyond the meandered line, that I will not enforce this bond; and if any incumbrances shall be found, that the amount of the same shall be deducted from the moneys to fall due on this bond.
J. B. LEE.

A clause in the mortgage provided, that upon default of Noonan to pay any of the instalments of the principal, or the interest, or the taxes on the property, as they became due, the entire principal of the bond with interest should, at the option of Lee, be immediately payable.
In March, 1859, default having been made in the payment of the several instalments, Lee elected to claim the entire amount as due, and brought suit against Noonan and others in the District Court of the United States for the District of Wisconsin, then exercising Circuit Court powers, to foreclose the mortgage, praying in his bill for a sale of the mortgaged premises, the payment of the debt secured, and for general relief. Noonan answered the bill, setting up that Lee's title had failed before the commencement of the suit; but the court, by its decree, made in January, 1860, found that there was due on the bond a sum exceeding five thousand dollars,'and directed a sale of the mortgaged premises, and the application of the proceeds to the payment of the amount found due, and that if the proceeds were insufficient the marshal should report the deficiency, and Noonan should

Dec. 1869.]

e OONAN V. BRADLEY.

Statement of the case.

pay it with interest, and in default of such payment the cornplainant should have execution therefor.
From this decree Noonan appealed to this court, and, pending the appeal, for the purpose of trying his title to the laud purchased, brought ejectment in one of the Circuit Courts of the State of Wisconsin against Orton, the party in possession. He then gave notice to Lee of the action, and required him to undertake its management. Lee at
i ce retained counsel, who, for him, assumed the conduct of the action.
Pending the appeal in this court, and the action of ejectment in the State court, Lee died domiciled in New York, and Bradley, the plaintiff in this case, was duly appointed by the proper tribunal in that State administrator of his estate. On his application, Bradley was then substituted as representative of his intestate on the record in the case on appeal in this court.
At the December Term, 1862, this court gave its decision in the case, adjudging that the District Court erred in ordering the defendant Noonan to pay any deficiency which might remain of the principal and interest of the mortgage debt after applying the proceeds of the sale, and that complainant have execution therefor. To this extent the decree was reversed; in other particulars it was affirmed.
In the opinion delivered on rendering the decision the court observed, that upon the facts disclosed by the record it found no defect in the title of Lee, and that Noonan's title had not failed. In this language reference was of course had to the title as it appeared upon the evidence presented at the hearing in the District Court in January, 1860.*
Afterwards, in January, 1863, final j udgment was rendered in the action of ejectment in the State court in favor of Orton, the party in possession, and against Noonan, upon the ground that the latter was not seized in fee of the premises, and acquired no title by his purchase from Lee, and that Orton was thus seized.

* Noonan v. Lee, 2 Black, 500.

NooNAN v. BRADLEY.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

When Lee died there were effects of value belonging to him in Wisconsin, and in February, 1865, one T. L. Ogden was duly appointed administrator of those effects by a tribunal having jurisdiction of the matter in that State; and he qualified and entered upon the discharge of his duties as administrator, and when this action was commenced had in his possession the bond given by Noonan to Lee on the purchase of the premises.
In September, 1866, Bradley, as administrator of the estat of Lee, under the appointment in the State of New York, brought the present action upon this bond of Noonan. The declaration set forth his title as administrator under this appointment, and contained four counts.
1. The first count was on the penalty of the bond simply.
2. The second was on the bond, setting out the condition written in the bond, and averring breach of the condition.
3. The third was on the bond, setting out the condition, averring a breach of the condition; and that Lee commenced suit to foreclose the mortgage given to secure the bond; the decree of the District Court, the appeal by Noonan; and that the Supreme Court, pending the appeal, substituted Bradley as administrator, affirmed a part of the decree; that Bradley filed the mandate in the court below; that a sale was had and confirmed, and $53.56 was applied "to the sums so due, by the terms of the said condition of said bond, and by the terms of said decree as aforesaid." "Yet the said defendant hath not paid said several sums mentioned in said bond," &c.
4. The fourth count was on the bond, giving a copy of the whole bond, and the indorsement upon it, and setting out the proceedings in the foreclosure suit more fully, and coneluding: "Yet the said defendant hath not paid said several sums mentioned in said bond, and the condition thereof, nor either of them, nor any part thereof," &c.
Every count of the declaration was upon the bond itself, not upon the decree in the foreclosure suit, and the breach alleged as furnishing the cause of action was the non-payment of the money calledfor by the bond.

Dec. 1869.]

NO0NAN v. BRADLEY.
Opinion of the court.

To the declaration the defendant interposed three pleas: 1st. That as to the supposed causes of action mentioned therein, the plaintiff was not and never had been administrator of the effects of the deceased. 2d. That there were effects of value of the decedent at the time of his death in the State of Wisconsin, among which was the bond in suit; that T. L. Ogden was duly appointed by a tribunal in that State administrator of those effects, and had qualified and entered upon, and was engaged in the discharge of' his duties as such officer at the time the action was commenced; and 'that by reason of this appointment and qualification, the effects of the decedent, in Wisconsin, were, under the laws of that State, vested in him, with all rights of action in relation thereto, and that as a consequence the letters issued to the plaintiff in the State of N~ew York, with reference to the causes of action stated in the declaration, were void and of no effect. 3d. That the title of Lee to the premises sold had failed, the plea setting up the agreement indorsed on the bond, and the proceedings and judgment in the ejectment suit, to bring the case within the agreement. To the pleas the plaintiff demurred; the Circuit Court sustained the demurrer, and entered final judgment thereon in favor of the plaintiff for the penalty of the bond; and the defendant brought the case to this court on writ of error.

Messrs. M. -H.Carpenterand I P. Walker, for the plaintiffs in error; Mr. J. S. Brown, contra.

Mr. Justice FIELD, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court, as follows:
The inquiry here is: What is the legal effect of the facts presented by the pleas of the defendant?
The first plea puts in issue the representative character of the plaintiff in the State of Wisconsin. It denies that, as to the causes of action stated in the declaration, he is or ever has been administrator of the effects of the deceased, and thus raises the question whether an administrator ap-

NOONAN v. BRADLEY.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

pointed in one State can, by virtue of such appoictment, maintain an action in another State to enforce an obligation due his intestate. And upon this question the law is well settled. All the cases on the subject are in one way. In the absence of any statute giving effect to the foreign appointment, all the authorities deny any efficacy to the appointment outside of the territorial jurisdiction of the State within which it was granted. All hold that in the absence of such a statute no suit can be maintained by an administrator in his official capacity, except within the limits of the State from which he derives his authority. If he desires to prosecute a suit in another State he must first obtain a grant of administration therein in accordance with its laws.
So far has this doctrine been extended that in Fenwick v. Sears's Administrators,* where the plaintiff had obtained letters of administration in Maryland, before the separation of the District of Columbia from the original States, it was held by this court that he could not, after the separation, maintain an action in that part of the district ceded by Maryland by virtue of these letters, but that he must take out new letters within the district.
The same doctrine is as applicable to the case of executors as to that of administrators; the right to sue in both instances depending upon the letters.t
Whether the objection to the character of the plaintiff as administrator or executor should be taken by a plea in abatement or a special plea in bar, would appear to have been, at one time, a matter upon which there was some diversity of opinion. In some of the cases the language used would indicate that a plea in abatement was the only appropriate form in which the objection could be presented, whilst in other cases the oljection taken by a special plea in bar has been sustained. It was sustained by this court, when taken by a special plea in bar, in Fenwick v. Sears'sAdministrators,and in Dixon's Executors v. Ramsey's Executors, already cited. In the latter case a foreign executor brought an action in the
* 1 Cranch, 259.
t Dixon's Executors v. Ramsay's Executors, 3 Cranch, 319.

Dec. 1869.]

D 9OONAN V. BRADLEY.

Opinion of the court.

District of Columbia. The defendant pleaded that he had not obtained letters in the District or in the United States# and, on demurrer, the plea was sustained.
There is no principle in pleading which should prevent the objection from being taken in this way. It is only in virtue of his representative character that the plaintiff is entitled to the matters in controversy, and a plea which denies to him that character is, in its nature, a plea in bar of the
action. In Langdon and others v. Potter,* the Supreme Court of
Massachusetts held directly that the objection taken in that case, that no letters of administration had been granted to the plaintiff except under the authority of another State, was pleadable in bar, and in referring to the diversity in the cases and opinions, as to the form of the plea by which the objection should be presented, observed that they might perhaps be "reconciled by considering the plea,'that the plaintiff is not administrator, as one of those which may be pleaded in bar or in abatement." "There are many such cases," said the court, " where the matter of the plea goes to preclude the plaintiff fbrever from maintaining the action, and it may therefore be pleaded in bar; yet, as in point of form it is in disability of the plaintiff, it may also be pleaded to the person." These observations are just, and explain much of the apparent conflict in the decisions of different courts, or of the same court at different times.
The language used by this court in Childress v. Emoryt and Kane v. Paul,t cited by counsel, was not intended to deny that the 'objection to the authority of the plaintiff as administrator or executor could be taken by a plea in bar, but was only intended to indicate that the objection must be specially pleaded, and could not be urged on demurrer to the declaration for alleged insufficient exhibition of letters testamentary, when profert of the letters was made, or under
a plea to the merits. In the first case the court observed that if the defendant

" 11 Massachusetts, 313. VOL. IX.

t 8 Wheaton, 642. 26

$ 14 Peters, 33.

NO0NAN V. BRADLEY.

[Sup. Ct.

0

Opinion of the court.

desired to object to the letters as insufficient, he should have craved oyer of them, and had them brought before the court, that unless oyer was craved and granted, the letters could not be judicially examined, and then added that if the plaintiffs were not executors, that objection should have been taken by way of abatement, and did not arise upon a demurrer in bar. The point decided was that the objection could not be taken, when profert of letters was made, without oyer of them, and did not arise in such case upon demurrer. There was no question as to the form of the plea to be used, if the objection were presented in that way; and it is clear that no determination as to the form was intended.
In the second case the plea was non-assumpsit, which admitted plaintiff's right to sue. It was objected that the letters testamentary appeared on their face to have been granted in violation of the law of Maryland, but the court observed that the plea was the general issue, and that a judicial examination into their validity could only be gone into upon a plea in abatement, meaning evidently that such examination could not be had unless the objection were taken by special plea. There was no intention on the part of the court to determine as to the form of the special plea in such cases.
The objection to the character of the plaintiff as administrator in this case is not waived by the third plea, which goes to the merits, as contended by counsel. One plea in bar is not waived by the existence of another plea in bar, though the two may be inconsistent in their averments with each other. The remedy of the plaintiff in such case is not by demurrer, but by motion to strike out one of the pleas, or to compel the defendant to elect by which he will abide. But here there is no inconsistency in thQ pleas; the one denying any right in the plaintiff, in his capacity as administrator, to the subject of controversy, and the other the release of the defendant from liability on the bond in suit by failure of its consideration. The averments of both may be true.
The proposition of law which the counsel invokes, that a plea to the merits admits the representative character of the

Dec. 1869.]

NOONAN V. BRADLEY. Opinion of the court.

plaintiff, and his right to sue in that capacity, is only applicable where no other plea than one of that kind is interposed; it does not apply where a special plea traverses that character. A plea denying that an intestate entered into the obligation upon which the action is brought, or averring that he was released therefrom, standing alone, is undoubtedly an admission of the representative character of the plaintiff to the extent stated in the declaration, and if that statement is consistent with the grant of letters within the State, is also
an admission of his right to sue in that capacity. The execution or the release of the obligation is in such case the only matter in issue, and of course is the only matter upon which evidence need be called or argument had. But, in the case at bar, had there been no other plea than the third plea, which goes to the merits, the character of the plaintiff, as administrator in Wisconsin, would not have been admitted, for the reason that the declaration states that the grant of administration to him was by letters issued in the State of New York, and the plea to the merits only admits the title as stated in
the declaration.
This effect of a plea to the merits was decided as long ago as the time of Lord Holt, in the case of Adams v. The Terienants of Savaqe.* In that case the plaintiff brought a 8eire facias against the defendants, reciting a judgment recovered by his intestate against Savage, and that administration was committed to him by the Archdeacon of Dorset, whose jurisdiction did not extend to the place where the judgment was rendered. The tertenants traversed the seizin of Savage, and the finding being against them, motion in arrest of judgment was made, on the ground that the administration committed to the plaintiff was void. It was urged for the judgment, that though the plaintiff had shown a bad title, the defendants 'iot traversing it, or taking any advantage of the invalidity of the administration, but pleading to the merits, admitted that the plaintiff was entitled to sue, and should not be permitted, when the right was tried against them, to

6 Modern, 134.

NONAN V. BRADLEY.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the c(,urt.

controvert what they had declined to insist upon; but Chief Justice Holt said: "If the plaintiff had not set forth what kind of administration he claimed by, but only generally alleged himself administrator of the goods and chattels of the intestate, and the defendant had not put you upon showing it by craving oyer of the letters of administration, as he might have done, but pleaded over; that had been an admission of the plaintiff's having a right of suing as administrator as he had alleged." And after stating that the plaintiff made title to himself by an administration which was invalid, the Chief Justice continued: "And when you yourself affirm this to be your title, how can we intend you have another; for of your own showing this is your title, which is manifestly bad ? And there is a iast difference where a title does not appear fully for the plaintiff, and the party will not controvert with him about that, for then it may be well presumed if the party were not well satisfied of plaintiff's title he would have insisted on it in due time, and where the plaintiff himself shows he has no title, for then the court has no room for intendment." The authority of this case has not, so far as we are aware, ever been doubted, and were there no other ground against the position of the plaintiff, it would be decisive.
The substitution in this court of the plaintiff as administrator, in place of the intestate, in Noonan v. Lee, does not affect the present case, or give the plaintiff any greater right of action than if no such substitution had ever been made. It only authorized the further prosecution of that suit in his name, and gave no right, and could give no right, to prose-
cute any other suit in his name. Nor is the position of the plaintiff aided by the statute of
Wisconsin, which enables foreign executors and administrators to sue in certain cases, in the courts of that State. That statute only applies where no executor or administrator of the estate of the decedent has been appointed in the State, and then only in the counties where the foreign executor or administrator has filed in the Probate Court an authenticated copy of his appointment.

Dec. 1869.]

NONAN v. BRADLEY.

Opinion of the court.

The second plea, like the first, puts in issue the representative character of the plaintiff in Wisconsin; not by direct denial, as in the first plea, but by averring that there were effects of the decedent in that State at the time of his death, among which was the bond in suit; that an administrator of those effects had been duly appointed and qualified, and had entered upon, and was engaged in, the discharge of his duties as such officer at the time the action was commenced, and that by reason of this appointment and qualification the effects of the decedent, under the laws of Wisconsin, were vested in him, with all rights of action in relation thereto, and that as a consequence the letters issued to the plaintiff in the State of New York, with reference to the eauses of action stated in the declaration, are void and of no effect.
This plea is a good plea in bar to the action. The bond in suit was bona notabilia in Wisconsin, and a plea that the subject of action constituting such bona notabilia was, on the death of the decedent, in another jurisdiction than the one which appointed the administrator suing as plaintiff, has always been a good answer to the action. It is an averment of facts which in law excludes all right to, and control over, the property in that State by the foreign administrator.*
The third plea sets up a defence to the action on the merits-namely, that the title to the premises, for the consideration of which the bond in suit was given, has failed; and that as a consequence, under the agreement of the intestate, the right to enforce the bond has ceased.
This plea alleges that the bond in suit was given only in consideration of the conveyance of a warranty deed by the intestate, and an agreement that in case his title failed he would not enforce the bond, and that by judicial proceedings, of which the intestate had notice and took charge, it was determined that the intestate was not seized at the time he executed the deed in fee of the premises, but that Orton, the party then in the possession, was thus seized of them.

* See 1 Saunders, 274, note 3; Stokes v. Bate, 5 Barnewall & Cresswell, 491.

NoONAN V. BRADLEY.

(Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

The effect of this plea depends upon the construction which is given to the agreement of the intestate not to enforce the bond in case his title failed. The plaintiff contends that this agreement ceased to have any operation after the maturity of the bond or the forfeiture of the penalty ; and that if subsequently the title failed, that fact could not be pleaded with the agreement in bar to an action on the bond, either by way of release or estoppel.
The argument presented in support of this construction is founded mainly upon the improbability that the parties could have contemplated a postponement of payment beyond the period stipulated in the boid. They could not, says the counsel, have intended to set aside the obligation to pay at those times; and it would have been a violation of the spirit of the agreement for the vendee to have refused the payments as they became due, if the title had not then failed.
Undoubtedly the parties contemplated that the payments would be made as they matured, but they also contemplated that payments should cease whenever the title of the grantor failed. They may have supposed that tlhe validity of the title would be determined to their satisfaction before the maturity
of any of the instalnents stipulated, but they have inserted no provision in the agreement which limits its operation to
that or to any other period. It is a perpetual covenant not to enforce the bond upon the happening of a certain event. It matters not that the obligee or his representative might have compelled its payment before the happening of that event. What would have been the rights of the obligor in that case; whether he would have had any remedy to recover back the amount paid, or would have been compelled to look to the covenant of warranty in his deed, are questions not now before us for determination. It is sufficient for our present consideration that the bond has not as yet been enforced, and the title to the property, which the intestate sold and undertook to convey to the defendant, has failed. It would be against manifest justice if, under these circumstances, the representative of the vendor, notwithstanding the vendor had no title to convey, could recover

Dec. 1869.]

DOONAN V. BRADLEY.

Opinion of the court.

of the defendant as though the vendor had transferred to
him a good and perfect one. If there were any doubt as to the construction which
should be given to the agreement of the intestate, that construction should be adopted which would be more to the advantage of the defendant, upon the general ground that a party, who takes an agreement prepared by another, and upon its faith incurs obligations or parts with his property, should have a construction given to the instrument favorable to him; and on the further ground that when an instrument is susceptible of two constructions-the one working injustice and the other consistent with the right of the case-that one should be favored which standeth with the right.*
This agreement not to enforce the bond, which is conditional in its terms, depending for its operation upon the happening of a contingent event, has, by the happening of that event, become absolute, and may be pleaded as a release to the action. It constitutes in fact a part of the condition of the bond, qualifying its provisions for the payment of the instalments of the principal and interest, and declaring, in effect, that the payments shall not be required, and the obligation of the bond shall cease in case the event designated happens.t
The decision in the foreclosure suit only determined that at the time the heaiing was had in that case in the District Court, in January, 1860, the title had not failed. The language of the court in rendering the decision shows this. It says: "As the facts are disclosed in the record we find no defect in the title of Lee. We find that Noonan's title has not failed, and no incumbrance upon the property is shown. There has been, therefore, no breach of the agreement indorsed on the bond, nor has there been any breach of the covenant of general warranty in Lee's deed to Noonan." The case is entirely changed now; and facts not existing, or at least, not established then, but since determined by judi-

* Mayer v. Isaac, 6 Meeson & Welsby, 612. t Burgh v. Preston, 8 Term, 483.

408

NOONAN V. BRADLEY.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of Clifford, Swayne, and Davis, JJ., dissenting.

cial proceedings, present a case upon which this court has heretofore never passed.
We are of opinion that the pleas of the defendant constitute a bar to the action, and that the Circuit Court erred in sustaining the demurrer to them. It follows that its judgment must be REVERSED, and the cause remanded FoR
FURTHER PROCEEDINGS.

Mr. Justice CLIFFORD, with whom concurred SWAYNE and DAVIS, JJ., dissenting.
I dissent from the opinion and judgment of the court in this case upon two grounds, which I will proceed to state without entering at all into the argument to support the respective propositions-
1. Because I think that the alleged disability to sue should have been pleaded in abatement and not in bar. Undoubtedly a different rule of pleading prevailed at common law, but there are three reported decisions of this court in which it is held that such a plea in a case like the present must be in abatement, and in view of our complicated system of jurisprudence I am not inclined to overrule those cases. They have been regarded as authorities for many years, and I am of the opinion that the rule which they establish is the better one as a rule of pleading in the Federal courts than the rule which prevailed at common law.*
2. I am also of the opinion that the decree in the former suit is conclusive as to the rights of the parties, and that it constitutes a complete answer to the defence in the present suit.t

* Childress v. Emory, 8 Wheaton, 642; Kane v. Paul, 14 Peters, 33; Ven-
tress v. Smith, 10 Id. 161. t Noonan v. Lee, 2 Black, 499.

