ALLOTMENT, ETC., OF THE JUDGES
OP THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
As MADE APRIL 4, 1870, UNDER THE ACTS OF CONGRESS OF JULY 23, 1866, AND MARcH 2, 1867.

NAME OF THE JUDGE, AND STATE NUMBER AND TERRITORY OF THE DATE AND AUTHOROF THEJUDGES

WHENCE COMING.

CIRCUIT.

I

C0MISSION.

CHIEF JUSTICE.
HON. S. P. CHASE, Ohio.

FOURTH.
MARYLAND, WEST VIR, GINIA, VIRGINIA, NORTH CAROLINA, AND SOUTH CAROLINA.

1864. December 6th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

ASSOCIATES.

SECOND.

HoN. SAML. NELSON, NEW YORK, VERMONT,

New York.

AND CONNECTICUT.

1845. February 14th.
PRESIDENT TYLER.

HoN. WM. STRONG, Pennsylvania.

THIRD.
PENNSYLVANIA, NEw JER
SEY, AND DELAWARE.

1870. February 18th.
PRESIDENT GRANT.

HoN. N. CLIFFORD, Maine.

FIRST.
MAINE, NTEW HAMPSHIRE, MASSACIIUSETTS, AND RHODE ISLAND.

1858. January 12th.
PRESIDENT BUCHANAN.

HON.

FIFTH.

J. P. BRADLEY, GEORGIA, FLORIDA, ALA-

New Jersey.

DAMA, MISsISSIPPI, Lou.

ISIANA, AND TEXAS.

1870. March 21st.
PRESIDENT GRANT.

HoN. N.

H. SWAYNE, Ohio.

SIXTH.
OHIO, MICHIGAN, KEN. TUCKY, AND TENNESSEE.

HoN. S. F. MILLER, Iowa.

EIGITI.
'MINNESOTA, IOWA. MISSOURI, KANSAS, ARKANSAS, AND NEBRASKA.

1862. January 24th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
1862. July 16th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

SEVENTH.

HON. DAVID DAVIS, INDIANA, ILLINOIS, AND

Illinois.

i

WISCONSIN.

1862. December 8th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

HON. S. J. FIELD, California.

NINTH. CALIFORNIAO REG ON, AND
NEVADA.

1863. March 10th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

( iv )

JUDGES
OF THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
DURING THE TIME OF THESE REPORTS.

CHIEF JUSTICE.
HON. SALMON PORTLAND CHASE.

ASSOCIATES.

HON. SAMUEL NELSON,
HoN. NOAH H. SWAYNE,
HoN. DAVID DAVIS, HON. WILLIAM STRONG,

HON. NATHAN CLIFFORD,
HON. SAMUEL F. MILLER,
HON. STEPHEN J. FIELD,
HON. JOSEPH P. BRADLEY.

AT TO RN E Y-GENER AL. HON. AmOs T. AKERMAN.

SOLICITOR-GENERAL. BENJAMIN H. BRISTOW.
[Appointed October l1th, 1870.]
CLERK. DANIEL WESLEY MIDDLETON, ESQUIRE.

CASES
ARGUED AND ADJUDGED
OF
THE UNITED STATES,
DECEMBER TERAIS, 1870 AND 187L
REPORTED BY
JOHN WILLIAM WALLACE.
VOL. XII.
WASHINGTON, D.C.: W. H. & 0. I. MORRISON,
1872.

Entered according to Act of Congress, in the year 1872, By W. H. & 0. H. 31fOwRuCSON,
Inl the Office of the Librarian of Congress, at Washington.

TABLE OF CASES.

Alexander, United States v.

.

.

.

.

Allen (Assignee), Hall v.

Ashland, Bank of, Junction Railroad Company v.

Avery v. United States,

Baker v. Morton, .
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad v. Harris,
Bank of Ashland, Junction Railroad Company v. MMilwaukee, Hoffman & Co. v.

Barth v. Clise, Sheriff, .

Bigler v. Waller, .

Boykin, Insurance Companies v.

.

Bradley, Administrator, Noonan v.

Bronson's Executor v. Chappell,.

.

.

Brooklyn Life Insurance Co., Miller v.

.

Burns, United States v.

.

Case, Kearney v.. Cases, The Legal Tender,

.

.

.

Central Railroad, People v.

..

Chappell, Bronson's Executor v..

.

Child & Co., United States v.

.

City of Richmond, Thomas v.

Clise, Sheriff, Barth v.

Collector, The, Cox v.

c

c v. Hubbard,

99 C4 Sturges v.

"

" Trade Company v.

Cooley v. O'Connor,

.

.

Cox v. The Collector,

.

.

Crusell, United States v.

.

.

Davis, Parker v.

..

.

PAGE
177 452 226 304
150 65
226 181 400 142 433 121 681 285 246
275 457 455 681 232 349 400 204
1
19 204 391 204 175
461

TABLE OF CASES.

Doane, Hanauer v. Dreville, Walker v. Dubois, Railroad Company v.

Edwards v. Tannaret,

446

Eutaw, The,

136

Exclpnge Bank, Knox v.

379

Flanders, Mail Company v..

130

Fowler v. Rathbones, .

102

Freeborn v. The Protector,

700

French v. Shoemaker,

86

Germain v. Mason,

259

Hall v. Allen, Assignee,

:Hammond, Thorp v.

·

@

a

408

Hanauer v. Doane,

Q

342

Handlin v. Wickliffe,

I

173

Hannibal Railroad v. Swift,

262

Harris, Railroad Company v.

65

Hennessy v. Sheldon, .

440

Hoffman & Co. v. Bank of Milwaukee,

181

Holladay v. Kennard, .

254

Howard Fire Insurance Co. v. Norwich and New York

Transportation Co., Hubbard, The Collector v.

194

* .

1

Huchbergers, insurance Company v.

164

Insurance Company v. Boykin, .

433

cc

cc v. Huchbergers, .

164

"9

Cc Life, Miller v.

285

c

cc v. Slaughter,

404

c

C4 v. Transportation Company,

Tunction Railroad Company v. Bank of Ashland,

Kearney v. Case, . Kennard, Holladay v.. Kingsbury, Shoemaker et al. v.. Knox v. Exchange Bank,

TABLE OF CASES.

Knox v. Lee,

.

.

.

.

Latey, Parker v .

..

Lee, Knox v.

Legal Tender Cases, The, .

Life Insurance Company, Miller v.

Mail Company v. Flanders, . Maria Martin, The, Martin, The Maria, Maryland (State of), Ward v. Mason, Germain v. IMerehants' Insurance Company v. ]tuchbergers, Miller v. Life Insurance Company, Miller et al. v. The State, Morton, Baker v..

New Orleans Mail Company v. Flanders, 6C " Railroad, United States v. " York, People of,v. Central Railroad,

" (1

CC Miller et al. v.

cc 4

"

Northern Railroad v.

Noonan v. Bradley, Administrator,

Northern Railroad v. The People,

Norwich and New York Transportation Co., Howard

Insurance Co. v.

Ocean Spray, The, O'Connor, Cooley v.

Parker v. Davis, .

Parker v. Latey, .

Patapsco, The,

People of New York v. Central Railroad,.

"

cc Miller et al. v.

c

cc Northern Railroad v.

Perrin v. United States,

Philadelphia and Wilmington Railroad, &c., v. Dubois, Phcenix Insurance Company v. Slaughter,.

Protector, The,

Railroad Company v. Bank of Ashland,

Xll1
PAGE
457
194 366 391 461 390 451 455 159 384 315 47 404 700

X1V

TABLE OF CASES.

PAGE

Railroad Company v. Dubois,

47

"C

v. Harris,

65

"

C New Orleans, United States v.

362

"

Northern v. People of New York,

384

"

"

Hannibal v. Swift,

262

Rathbones, Fowler v.

102

Richmond, City of, Thomas v.

349

Ritter, Rogers v. .

317

Rodriguez, Villa v.

.

323

Rogers v. Ritter,.

317

Scott v. United States,

..

Sheely, Smith v.

Sheldon, Hennessy v.

Shoemaker, French v.. Shoemaker et al. v. Kingsbury, . Slaughter, Insurance Company v.

Smith v. Sheely, .

Spray, The, .

State of Maryland, Ward v. cc of New York, Miller at al. v.

c Tonnage Tax Cases, .

Steamer Syracuse, The, Sturges v. The Collector, Swift, Hannibal Railroad v. Syracuse, The Steamer,

443 358 440
86 369 404
358 366
163, 418 159 204
167 19
262 167

Tanneret, Edwards v..

446

Tender (The Legal) Cases, .

457

The Bank of Ashland, The Junction Railroad Company v. 226

City of Richmond, Thomas v.

349

" Collector, Cox v..

204

c c

v. Hubbard,

.

1

C

C

Sturges v.

19

S

"C

Trade Company v.

204

C Eutaw,.

136

C Exchange Bank, Knox v.

379

Junction Railroad Company v. The Bank of Ashland, 226

Legal Tender Cases,

457

Maria lartin, .

31

" Ocean Spray,

366

TABLE OF CASES.

XV

The Patapsco,

Protector,

Railroad Company v. Dubois,

c

v. ]arris,

Spray, ..

" State of Maryland, Ward v.

"

" New York v. Central iRailroad,

, "

" Miller et al. v.

-

Northern Railroad v.

" Steamer Syracuse,

Syracuse, Steamer,

Trade Company v. The Collector,

Transportation Company, Insurance Co. v.

" United States v. Alexander,

' I

Avery v.

"

v. Burns,

"

v. Child & Co.,

cc

"

v. Crusell,

c

"

v. New Orleans Railroad,

cc

Perrin v.

" Western Metropolis,

Thomas v. City of Richmond,

Thorp v. Hammond,

Tonnage (State) Tax Cases,

Trade Company v. The Collector,

Transportation Company, Insurance Co. v.

Trebilcock v.Wilson et ux.,

.

PAGE
451 700 47
65 366 163, 418 455 159
384
167 167 204 194 177 304 246 232 175 362 315
389 349 408 204 204 194 687

United States v. Alexander,

177

"

Avery v.

304

"

v. Burns,

246

"

v. Child & Co.

232

v. Crusell,

175

': v. New Orleans Railroad,

362

Perrin v.

315

Scott v.

443

Villa v. Rodriguez,

323

Wadsworth v. Warren,

Walker v. Dreville, .

..

Waller, Bigler v

.

·

.307

440

.

142

TABLE OF CASES.
Ward v. State of Maryland, Warren, Wadsworth v. Western Metropolis, The, Wickliffe, ilandlin v. Wilson et ux., Trebilcook v.

PAGE

163, 418

307

389

173

.

687

MEMORANDA.
TH CHIE JUSTICE did not bear the cases prior to page 163; they having been argued in the spring of 1871, and before his recovery from his late indisposition.
Mr. Justice NELSoN heard no cases in this volume but the Legal Tender cases.
(v)

DEATH OF THE HON. THOMAS EWING.
ALTHOUGH it is not a usual matter for this court to notice in its proceedings the death of members of the bar-the venerable years of Mr. EWING, his eminence as a lawyer, the long term. ending only with his life, in which he was constantly engaged at this bar, and the reputation which he had throughout the country, both in professional and public life, seem to have caused a departure from the practice in his case.
Mr. Ewing was born in Ohio County, Virginia, December 28th, 1789. His father, who had served in the American army during the Revolution, and had become reduced in circumstances, removed his family in 1792 to the Muskingum River, and thence to a place in what has since become Athens County, Ohio. He was here taught to read, by an elder sister, and by extraordinary efforts of his own acquired a fair elementary education. At the age of nineteen he left home, and worked in the Kanawba salt establishments, until, in the course of two or three years, he had saved money enough to enter the Ohio University, at Athens. His money being exhausted, he returned to his salt works, saved his earnings again, then resumed his studies, and in 1815 received the first degree of A.B. ever granted by the Ohio University. He studied law in Lancaster, Ohio, and was admitted to the bar in 1816, and practiced with great success in the State courts and in this court. In March, 1831, he took his seat in the Senate of the United States as a member of the Whig party, and became associated with Mr. Webster and Mr. Clay in resisting what were deemed the encroachments of the executive, and in support of the Whig measures generally. In March, 1837, his term of office having expired, he resumed the practice of the law. Upon the election of President Harrison, in 1841, he was appointed Secretary of the Treasury; an office which he retained under Mr. Tyler (who by President Harrison's death, in one month after his inauguration, succeeded to his office), so long as Mr. Tyler acted in accordance with the views of the party by whose electors he was elected. With most of the other members of President Tyler's
( vii )

Vill

MEMORANDA.

Cabinet, he resigned office in September, 1841. On the election of President Taylor in 1849 he was appointed Secretary of the then recently-created Department of the Interior, which was still unorganized. On the death of that President, July 9th, 1850, and the accession of Mr. Fillmore, a division in the Whig party caused a change in the Cabinet. Mr. Corwin became Secretary of the Treasury and Mr. Ewing was appointed by the Governor of Ohio to fill the unexpired term of Mr. Corwin in the Senate. In 1851 lie retired very much from public life-in which he was engaged, taking it all together, for about nine years-and resumed the practice of the law. However, in 1861, when the Rebellion was imminent, he became a member of the assemblage known as the Peace Conference. This Conference was invited by the State of Virginia. The members of Ohio were appointed by the governor of that State. The Conference sat twenty-three days. But conciliations were impossible. The South was determined on rebellion, and the war came.
Mr. Ewing died on the 26th of October, 1871, at his residence, in Lancaster, Ohio, in the eighty-second year of his age. His abilities were known to those of the departed or departing generation perhaps more than to those of the present one, although he continued to practice in this court until within a short time; the last case which he argued having been, I think, 31aguire v. Tyler, at December Term, 1869,* which, on account of his venerable years and imperfect strength, he was graciously requested by the court to argue sitting. Among the most elaborate of his written professional arguments are those in the case of Oliver v. Prattet al., involving the title of a large part of Toledo, Ohio; the ease of the Methodist Church division; the cIntire PoorSchool v. Zanesville, and the Mclicken Will case, involving large bequests for education. By those who'did not personally know Mr. Ewing, nor remember him in earlier life, the remarks of the Hon. Henry Stanbery, ofthe same State with Mr. Ewing, made on the occasion of his death, and than whom all will concede no one is more competent, by words to say, or by example better illustrates, what an honored and able and finished lawyer is, will be read with interest:
,,I first knew :MSr. EwNG in May, 1824, then in his thirty-fifth year, a man marked with a grand physical organization, such as is rarely seen united to such mental powers as he possessed. Age had not yet impressed
8 Wallace, 651.

MEMORANDA.

ix

any traces of its advance. It was in the seven years, from 1824 to 1831, before he entered political life, and when his great powers and forensic abilities were all in full play, that Mr. EwING was to be seen to the greatest advantage. I confess I missed something of that fire when he left the bar for political life. I shall never forget him as he was from the age of. thirtyfive to forty-two, though from that day to this we must regard him as one of the greatest men of the nation. I may say that with one exception, and that is WEBSTER, I have seen none in whom I could recognize more ability and forensic power than in EwING. Among his chief qualities was his ability in discussing questions of fact before a jury. Though able to discuss any question before a court, it seems to me that his grandest efforts were as an advocate before a jury. Of all the men I have ever listened to, he was the greatest in the handling of facts. When he entered political life, our relations, though not so close, continued. He was often engaged in the Supreme Court, where I met him frequently, with Wirt, Lee, Webster, Choate, Davis, and the two Johnsons, and our own Doddridge and Hammond, among the greatest lawyers that we ever had. Among these lie took his place in the foremost rank, second to none, as a great lawyer, save Webster alone. How these two names are associated in my recollection I Nothing could be more delightful than to hear their ordinary conversation, when the lawyers sat around, a listening and attentive audience.
"There are many that did not understand EwiNo in his character as a man. Great as he was as a lawyer, his private, domestic, friendly traits, his moral nature, attracted me even more. Never was there a more affectionate son, never a more devoted husband, never a more loving father. Some have supposed, seeing him at particular times, and when abstracted, that he was forbidding and repulsive. There never was a more loving nature than his. I have seen his manly face time and again suffused with tears. He was liberal, all-embracing in his friendship, never deserting a friend. That was the character of the man, and no one feels or can feel his loss more as a friend than I do; for, Air. Chairman, if I have at all learned what must go to make up a lawyer, if I have attained to any success at the bar, whatever it may be, I owe more to the teaching and example of THOMAS EWING than to any man living or dead."
On the 28th of October, after the intelligence of his death reached Washington, a meeting of the bar of this court was held, when, on motion of Air. Carlisle, the Hon. B. H. BRISTOW, Solicitor-General, was called to the chair, and Mr. D. W. Middleton appointed secretary. The resolutions set out below were. unanimously passed. On the opening of the court, on Monday,. the 30th. Mr. Attorney-General AKERMAN in appropriate terms announced the melancholy event which had led to them, and laid them before the court, as follows:
"R Resolved, That the members of the bar of the Supreme Court of the United States have received with profound sensibility the announcement of the death of the late THOMAS EWING, of Ohio, long and eminently distin-guished as a jurist and statesman.

X

MEMORANDA.

" Resolved, That we hold in. high estimation the memory of the deceased as one of the great men of the country. illustrious for public services in the councils of the nation, and eminence and ability in the profession of the law.
"Resolved, That the Attorney-General of the United States be requested to communicate these resolutions to the court, with the request that they may be entered on the record; and, further, that they be communicated to the family of the deceased, with the expression of the sympathies of the meeting."
The CHIEF JUSTICE made the following reply:
"The court share with the bar the sentiments expressed by their resolutions, which will be entered upon the records, in accordance with their request.
" We all feel that whatever honors can be paid to the memory of Mr. Ewi G are properly paid.
"1His is the record of a youth patient of toil and full of aspiration ; of a manhood worthily employed in various and honorable public trusts, and in forensic labors, which gave as frequent occasion to note the remarkable grasp and vigor of his intellect, and the great variety and extent of his attainments; of a protracted and serene old age, and of a calm and peaceful death, surrounded by children worthy of their father.
"l To family and friends, the death of a relative and friend, so honored and beloved, however long deferred, comes always too soon. Counting ourselves as not the least affectionate among the friends of Mr. EwING, we yet find, and doubt not that all near to him in friendship or relationship will ever find, consolation in reflecting upon the brightness of the example he has left for the imitation of his countrymen."

INDEX.

ACCORD AND SATISFACTION. See Action, 1.
ACTION. See Duress, 2; Implied Promise.
1. A voluntary acceptance by a claimant of a sum smaller than one claimed, as a full satisfaction of the whole, and acknowledging this in a receipt for the amount paid; the demand having been disputed for a long time, and the smaller sum accepted without objection or protest, is a bar to further claim. United States v. Child, 232.
2. The law as to the recovery of money paid on an illegal contract stated and defined. Tlwmas v. City of Richmond, 850.
3. A party to an action who has received his discharge in bankruptcy pending the action cannot bring a writ of error to a judgment rendered against him before receiving such discharge. The assignee of the bankrupt is the proper party to bring error in such case. Knox v. Exchange Bank, 379.

ADMIRALTY. See Collision; Pleading, 7, 8; Practice, 16. ADVANCEMENT OF CASES ON DOCKET. See Practice,5-8. AGENCY. See Principaland Agent; Public Agent.

APPEALS AND APPEAL BOND. See Practice,1, 16, 19.
Involving questions of fact will be affirmed without a statement of reasons, when two courts below have both decided in one way. The Spray, 366.

ARMY ORDER. See Contract,2.

A

I

AUDITA QUERELA.

Does not lie where the party has had a legal opportunity of defence, and neglected it; nor in any case against the United States. Avery v. United States, 304.

AVERAGE.
1. What sort of stranding constitutes a claim for general, by shipowners. Fowler v. Rathbones, 102.
2. What sort of injury to vessel and cargo does not constitute such claim, but is particular average. Ib.
3. What expenses the shipowners may claim by way of general average, and what are particular average. 1b.
4. Questions of fact, found by verdict or case stated, not reviewable here. 1b.
( 703 )

'IU4

INDEX.

AVERAGE (continued). 5. Owners of cargo in questions of, bound by a settlement made pursuant to terms of an average bond. 1b.
BAGGAGE.
What constitutes a passenger's. HannibalRailroadv. Swift, 262.
BANKRUPTCY. See Action, 3. The supervisory jurisdiction (from which no appeal lies to this court) o1 the Circuit Courts, under the 2d section of the Bankrupt Act of 1807, defined and distingui,,hed from its appellate jurisdiction ; and a case stated held to have fallen within the former. Hall v. Allen, Assignee, 452.
CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. See Customs of the United States.

CAPTURED AND ABANDONED PROPERTY. See Jurisdiction,9.
Claims of persons under, must, on suit brought for breach of official bonds, be pleaded (if meant to be invoked) by way of set-off to the suit. They cannot be profited of by way of motion to satisfy a judgment on the bond or by audita querelfi. Avery v. United States, 304.

CARRIER. See Common Carrier.

CAUSA PROXI'MA, &c. See Insurance, 1-4.

CHARGE OF COURT.
A special one as to acceptance of a lease interpreted. ren, 808.

Wadsworth v. War-

CITATION. See Practice,19.

COLLISION.
1. Even flagrant fault committed by one of two vessels approaching each other from opposite directions does not excuse the other from adopting every proper precaution required by the special circumstances of the case to prevent a collision. Damages equally divided in a case of collision on an application of this rule. The MariaMartin, 31.
2. A steamer having a very large tow, and approaching a place where, from the number of vessels in the water, and the force of counter currents, navigation with such a tow is apt to be dangerous, but with a small one is less so-bound to proceed with great care, and if within two or three miles of the place, though not nearer, she can divide her tow, she is bound to divide it. The Steamer Syracuse, 167.
3. A vessel racing in order to enter a harbor before another and preoccupy a loading-place condemned for a collision resulting. TheSpray, 366.
4. When a vessel is sailing in close proximity to other vessels, the fact that her hands are engaged in reefing her mainsail is no sufficient excuse for failure to keep a lookout, or to take such precautions as are needful to avoid collisions. Thorp v. Hammond, 408.
5. One of several general owners, who sails a vessel on shares, under an arrangement between himself and the other owners, whereby he in

INDEX.

COLLISION (continued). effect has become the charterer, isto be considered the owner "pro hacvice," and, as such, is liable personally for a tortious collision with another vessel. 1b.

CONMMERCE BETWEEN STATES.
A discriminating tax tending to prevent, is void. tax shown. Ward v. Maryland, 418.

What constitutes such

COMMON CARRIER. See Baggage; Private Carriers;Railroad Corporation.
1. His obligations are imposed by law. HannibalRailroadv. Swift, 262. 2. If he have ground to object to carry persons or property, must object
when they ask to be carried. lb. 3. His liability attaches when the property passes into his hands. lb. 4. Not discharged by fact that owner of the property accompanies and
keeps watch of it; no interference being attempted with the carrier. lb. 5. Liable as for merchandise for property not "baggage" carried on passenger trains. lb. 6. Liable as for baggage of a military surgeon's surgical instruments travelling with troops. Ib. 7. When goods in the hands of are threatened to be destroyed or seized by a public enemy, he is bound to use due diligence to prevent such destruction or seizure. It is not necessary that he should be guilty of fraud or collusion with the enemy, or wilful negligence, to make him liable; ordinary negligence is sufficient. Holliday v. Kennard, 254.
CONFIDENTIAL RELATIONS.
An instrument on its face an absolute deed, held to be a mortgage, the relations between the parties being confidential, and the consideration a debt due. Villa v. Rodriguez, 323.

CONFLICT OF JURISDICTION, BETWEEN STATE GovERwMENTS.
A State statute imposing a discriminating tax on traders, citizens of other States, coming into the State imposing the tax, to trade, is unconstitutional. Ward v. Maryland, 418.

CONSIDERATION. See Public Policy.
CONSTITUTIONAL LAW.
1. Congress has power to make notes of the United States a legal tender in payment of all debts, public ftnd private. Legal Tender Cases, 457.
2. A State statute imposing a discriminating tax on non-resident traders. is void. What constitutes such tax shown. W7ard v. Maryland, 418.
8. Taxes cannot be imposed by a State upon vessels owned by its citizens, "at so much per ton of the registered tonnage." State Tonnage Tax. Cases, 204.
4. Nor is the case varied by the fact that the vessels were exclusively engaged in trade between places within the State. lb.

VOL. XII.

45

INDEX.
CONTINUANCE. See Practice,9.
COINTRACT. See Insurance, 6; Public Policy.
1. There were three points along a river course, the highest A., the next B., the last C. Held, that a party having by contract a right to transport with the United States government goods from B. to C., and to and from all points between them, when the transportation was to be by water, did not have a right to transport such goods from B. to C. when the government, transporting from A. to C. touched at B., but did not discharge there, although such transportation necessarily invo;ved (as a greater includes a less) a transportation between B. and C. Scott v. United States, 443.
2. Army regulation No 1002 does not apply to contracts on behalf of the United States, which require for their validity the approval of the Secretary of War. Unsted States v. Burns, 246.
CORPORATION. See Municipal Corporation.
COURT AND JURY. See Direct Tax Commissioners, 3.
COURT OF CLAIMS. See Practice,9.
1. A claim for property accidentally destroyed in the bombardment and burning of a town, by the naval forces of the United States, is not of itself within the jurisdiction of the. Perrinv. United States, 315.
2. .Not bound by any special rules of pleading. United States v. Burns, 247.
'CUSTOMS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Under the 6th section of the act of March 3d, 1865, relating to importation of goods, &c., the growth of countries east of the Cape of Good Hope, when imported from countries west, a duty of 10 per cent. is chargeable on them when imported from places west, though no duty was payable when imported from places east. Sturges v. The Collector, 19.
DIRECT TAX COMMISSIONERS.
1. Certificate signed by only two of those appointed under the act of June 7, 1862, is not void, and is admissible in evidence. Cooley v. O'Connor, 391.
,2. The act contemplates a certificate of sale, though the United States becomes the purchaser. 1b.
3. Whether there has been a sufficient advertisement is a mixed question of law and fact. 1b.
,DURESS. 1. A deed procured through fear of loss of life, produced by threats of the grantee, may be avoided for. Baker v. M1orton, 150. -2. Acceptance from the government of a smaller sum than one claimed, in full of such one (the acceptance being without force or intimidation, and with a full knowledge of all the circumstances), does not ,leave the government open to further claim on the ground of duress

INDEX.

707

DURESS (continued). because the sum was so large that the claimants were induced by their want of the money to accept the less sum in full. United States v. Child, 232.
EQUITY. See Estoppel; Mortgage; Practice,20.
1. A judgment being but a general lien and the creditor uider it obtaining no incumbrance but on such estate as his debtor really had, the equity of such creditor gives way before the superior right of an owner in the land who had conveyed it to the debtor only by duress and who never parted with possession. Baker v. Morton, 150.
2. A deed, absolute on its face, made by nephews and nieces, with their mother, to an uncle-a debt to the uncle from them being at the time of the deed secured by mortgage on part of the premises-held to be but a mortgage. Villa v. Rodriguez, 323
3. A vendee cannot defend as a bondfide purchaser without notice, against an unrecorded mortgage, where his rights lie in an executory contract; nor where he has a right to call for no deed but that of a ",quit-claim." 1b.
ESCAPE. See Sheriff.
ESTOPPEL.
1. Where a party having an inchoate title to land gave a power to "sell and convey" it, declaring, however, in the power, subsequently, that the attorney was authorized "to sell and convey such interest as I have and such title as I may have, and no other or better title," and that he would not hold himself "personally liable or responsible" for the acts of his attorney in conveying the land, " beyond quitclaiming whatever title I have," and the party afterwards acquired complete title, and the attorney conveyed by quit-claim for full consideration, which consideration passed to the principal, Held, that the grantor could not, six years afterwards, disavow the act of his attorney and convey the land to another person. Smith v. Sheeley, 358.
2. Although under the act of Congress of July 1st, 1863, a bank created by a Territorial legislature cannot legally exercise its powers until the charter creating it is approved by Congress, yet a conveyance of land to it, if the charter authorize it to hold land, cannot be treated as a nullity by the grantor who has received the consideration for the grant, there being no judgment of ouster against the corporation at the instance of the government. lb
3. Silence of a party works no estoppel, unless it have misled another to his hurt. Railroad Company v. Dubois, 47.
EVIDENCE.
I. IN CASEs GENERALLY.
1. Where a court on the preliminary examination of a witness can see that he has that degree of knowledge of a party's handwriting which will enable him to judge of its genuineness, he should be permitted to give to the jury his opinion on the subject, though he have never

708

INDEX.

EVIDENCE (continued). seen the party write nor corresponded with him. Rogers v. Ritter, 317.
2. Where it appeared by affidavits filed by the appellant, who was claimant below, in a collision case, that it was probable that two witnesses for the libellant received, before testifying, a promise from him for the payment of a sum of money in the event that the case should be decided in his favor, and that the appellant ascertained the fact after the appeal, the court ordered a commission, under the 12th rule, to take the testimony of such witnesses relative to said agreement. The Western Metropolis, 389.
3. The courts of the United States will take judicial notice of the public laws of the several State- ; and, in Indiana, by virtue of statute there, of the private as well as public laws of that State. Railroad Co. v. Bank of Ashland, 227.
4. In trespass to real property brought to try the title, a freehold or a mere possessory right in the defendant may be given in evidence under the general issue. Cooley v. O'Connor, 391.
II. IN PATENT CASES.
5. The novelty of a patented invention cannot be assailed by any other evidence than that of which the plaintiff has received notice. lence the state of the art, at the time of the alleged invention, though proper to be considered by the court in construing the patent, in the absence of notice, has no legftimate bearing upon the question whether the patentee was the first inventor. Railroad Company v. Dubois,48.

"FINAL DECREE." What constitutes such decree stated.

French v. Shoemaker, 86.

FORGERY.
The loss occurring by the acceptance of a forged bill falls on the acceptor. The doctrine illustrated. Hoffman 6- Co. v. Bank of Milwaukee, 181.

GENERAL AVERAGE. See Average. HANDLIN, W. W. See Rebellion, The, 3. HANDWRITING. See Evidence, 1.

IMPLIED PROMISE. By a collector of taxes, to repay taxes paid under protest, not inferable when statute makes it his unqualified duty to pay over to government at once what he collects. The Collector v. Hubbard, 1.

INSANITY. 1. A sufficient excuse for failure to make an affidavit required by a policy of insurance previous to payment for a loss. Insurance Companies v. J3ykin, 433. 2. No defence to payment of loss, if affidavit of the party insane contains the information necessary. lb.

INSURANCE. See Pleading, 5, 6; Practice,18; Principaland Agent, 1. 1. When two causes of loss concur, one at the risk of the assured and

INDEX.

709

INSURANCE (continued). the other insured against, or one insured against by A. and the other by B., if the damage caused by each peril can be discriminate 1, it must be borne proportionably. Insurance Company v. Transportation Company, 194.
2. But if the damage caused by each peril cannot be distinguished from that caused by the other, the party responsible for the predominating efficient cause, or that which set in operation the olier incidentally to it, is liable for the loss. 1b.
3. An insurance upon a steamer against fire, "9except fire happening by means of any invasion, insurrection, riot, or civil commotion, or of any military or usurped power," is an insurance against fire caused by collisions. lb.
4. Underwriters against fire are responsible for a loss occasioned by the sinking of a vessel insured when caused by fire (though the fire itself be the result of a collision not insured against), if the effect of the collision without the fire would have been only to cause the vessel to settle to her upper deck, and that be a case in which she might have been saved. lb.
5. A condition in a policy making the policy void in case the assured kept gunpowder, phosphorus, saltpetre, and benzine on the premises: Held, under the punctuation of the policy, to mean "1in quantities exceeding a barrel ;" this being a more reasonable construction than one which made the policy void if there was any quantity, however small, of these articles, on the premises. InsuranceCompany v. Slaughter,404.
6. When insurance companies restrict, by conditions subsequently stated, the liability which the policy in its body appears to create, they should set forth these restrictions in terms which cannot admit of controversy, and should print these restrictive clauses in typp large enough to arrest the attention of the assured. Nonpareil criticized as not being so. 1b.
INTERNAL REVENUE. See Direct Tax Commissioners; Implied Promise.
1. The provision in the 19th section of the act of July 13th, 1866, relating to bringing of suits to recover taxes as illegally assessed, operates on all suits brought subsequently to the time fixed for the act to take effect, and on suits in State courts ; and this though the transactions sued for occurred prior to its passage. The Collector v. Hubbard,1.
2. The 117th section of the Internal Revenue Act of 1864 requiring stockholders, in companies mentioned in it, to return gains and profits to which they should be entitled, whether divided or otherwise, embraces profits not divided and invested partly in real estate, machinery, and raw material, and partly applied to payment of debts incurred in previous years. Ib.
JURISDICTION. See Courtof Claims, 2; Practice,11; Rebellion, 2.
I. OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
(a) It HAS jurisdiction1. Upon a decree in the Circuit Court for a sum less than $2000, "with

INDEX.
JURISDICTION (continued). interest from a date named" provided that the sum for which the decree is given and the interest added to it together exceed $2000. The Patapsco,4.51.
2. As of a "final decree," where the whole law of a case before a Circuit Court is settled by a decree, and nothing remains to be done, unless a new application shall be made at the foot of the decree. French v. Shoemaker, 86.
3. Under the twenty-fifth section, where a plaintiff in error set up, in the court below, that he was entitled to have a note held by him, made by the defendant in error, paid in gold or silver coin, under the Constitution, upon a proper construction of various clauses of that instrument, and the decision of the court below was against the right thus set up. Roosevelt v. .lleyer (1 Wallace, 512), overruled. Trebilcock v. Wilson eliux., 687.
(b) It has NOT jurisdiction4. As under the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act, in the case of
an agreement made between two States, in pursuance of an act of Congress, the decision of the highest State court to which the writ of error was issued having been not upon the act of Congress but upon the agreement. People v. Central Railroad, 455 5. Nor under that section (where the objection is that the decision has been in favor of some State statute, objected as obnoxious to some of the grounds set forth in the twenty-fifth section), if the judgment of the State court would have been the same without the aid of the special statutory provisions assailed by the plaintiff in error; and where the judgment does not give effect to some State statute, or State constitution, which comes within the grounds. Knox v. Exchange Bank, 379. 6. Nor of a judgment of a Circuit Court in ejectment, where the record stated that the land for which the suit was brought was "of the value of $500 and over." Parkerv. Latey, 390. 7. Nor of a proceeding in its essence an equitable one (as the foreclosure of a mortgage), brought here by writ of error instead of appeal; not even when the case comes from Louisiana. Walker v. Dreville, 440. 8. Nor of decisions of the Circuit Courts exercising but a supervisory jurisdiction, under the second section of the Bankrupt Law. Hall v. Allen, Assignee, 452.
I. OF THE CIRCUIT COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES. 9. The courts have no jurisdiction under the act of March 12th, 1863, com-
monly known as the Abandoned and Captured Property Act, where both parties are citizens of the same State. Mail Company v. Flanders, 130.
JURY AND COURT. See Direct Tax Commissioners, 3.
LEGAL TENDER.
1. The acts of Congress known as the Legal Tender are constitutional, when applied to contracts made before their passage. Hepburn v. Griswold (8 Wallace, 603), on this point overrated. Legal Tender Cases, 457.

INDEX.

711

LEGAL TENDER (continued). 2. They are also valid as applicable to contracts made since. I. 3. When a contract by its terms calls for the payment of "specie," it cannot be discharged by the notes of the United States now known as "greenbacks" or ,"legal tenders." Trebilcock v. Wilson et ux., 687.
LIEN. See Equity, 1 ; Mortgage, 2.
LIMITATION. 1. The beginning and termination of the late rebellion in reference to acts of limitation, are to be determined by some public act of the political department. The Protector,700. 2. The war did not begin or close at the same time in all the States. Dates of beginning and ending in different States how fixed. lb.
LOUISIANA. See HUandlin, T. TV; Practice, 20. The statute of July 28th, 1866, relative to the transfer of cases from, to the Circuit and District Courts of the United States, construed. Edwards v. Tanneret, 446.
MORTGAGE.
1. A deed on its face, absolute, held to be but a mortgage, under special circumstances, and where the parties stood in the relation of debtor and creditor. Villa v. Rodriguez, 323.
2. What interest those by railroad companies, whose terms embrace future acquired property, cover; and how far others are displaced. United States v. New OrleansRailroad,362.
MOTION. See Capturedand Abandoned Property.
MUNICIPAL CORPORATION.
Where the issue of bills as a currency (except by banking institutions) is prohibited, a municipal corporation has no power, without express authority, to issue such bills; and if it does issue them, the holders thereof cannot recover the amount, either in an action on the bills themselves, or for money had and received. Especially where the receiving, as well as issuing, of unlawful bills is prohibited by statute. Thomas v. City of Richmond, 349.
NEGOTIABLE PAPER. See Municial Corporation;Ohio; Usury. The loss from acceptance of a forged bill falls on the acceptor. Hoffman d- Co. v. Bank of Milwaukie, 181.
NEW ORLEANS. Provisional Court of. Statute relating to transfer of cases from to Circuitand District Courts, construed. Edwards v. Tanneret, 446.
NEW YORK. See Usury, 5.
NEW TRIAL. See Practice,10.
OHIO. Statutes of, by construction, authorize railroad companies of all the Statesto sell their bonds and notes at such prices as they please. Railroad. Company v. Bank of Ashland, 226.

712

INDEX.

OPINIONS OF THE COURT,
Will not, as a general thing, go into grounds and reasons of the judgment on appeals involving questions of fact, where two courts below have both decided in the same way. The Spray, 866.
PARTICULAR AVERAGE. See Average.
PATENTS. See Evidence, 5.
I. GENERAL PRINCIPLES RELATING TO.
1. It is not a bar to an action for an infringement of a patent, that before making his application to the Patent Office, the patentee had explained his invention orally to several persons, without making a drawing, model, or written specification thereof, and that subsequently, though prior to his application for a patent, the defendant had devised and perfected the same thing, and described it in the presence of the patentee, without his making claim to it. RailroadCompany v. Dubois,47.
2. Silence of a party works no estoppel, unless it has misled another party to his hurt. lb.
II. CONSTRUCTION OF PARTICULAR.
3. Dubois's, of September 2-3d. 1862, "for building piers for bridges, and setting the same." Yield, to be for a device or instrument used in a process, and not for the process itself. RailroadCompany v. Dubois, 47.
PENSIONS.
Under the act of Congress of 23d of February, 1853, granting to widows of Revolutionary soldiers, who were married subsequently to January, A. D. 1800, the widows take only from the date of the act. United States v. Alexander, 177.
PLEADING. See Captured and Abandoned Property; Audit Querel.
'I. IN CASES GENERALLY.
1. The principle of pleading that a demurrer, after several pleadings, reaches back to a defective declaration, has no application where the defect is one of form simply. Railroad Company v. Harris,65.
2. A plea in bar waives all pleas in abatement. 1b. 3. A defective declaration may be cured by sufficient averments in a
replication demurred to. .b. 4. Where a plea is erroneously overruled on demurrer, and issue is joined
on another plea, under which the same defence might be made, the judgment will not be disturbed after verdict. Railroad Co. v. Bank of Ashland, 226. '5. On a policy for $10,000 signed by four companies, each of whom agreed to become liable for one-fourth of the loss to that extent, one action can be brought against all by their consent; the declaration charging the separate promises and praying for separate judgment. Insurance Companiesv. Boykin, 483. 6. A verdict finding that the defendants did assume in manner and form as in such declaration alleged, and assessing the whole damages at $10,000, is a good verdict in such action. Ib.

INDEX.

713

PLEADING (continued).
II. IN ADMIRALTY.
7. A decree on a libel for a tortious collision may be made against one of several general owners, who is owner pro hac vice, and so liable for such collision, although such one owner is sued jointly with other general owners and is not described as ownerpro hac vice. Thorw, v. Hammond, 408.
8. Though a libel alleging an admitted collision may not allege the specific sort of negligence by which the collision was brought about, but on the contrary allege facts not shown, yet where the true cause of the collision is disclosed by the respondent's witnesses, so that the respondent cannot allege surprise, the appellate court, if it can see that the omission to state the true cause was without any design, will not allow it to work injury to the libellant; and though the libellant ought in such a case to have amended his libel below, will extract the real case from the whole record, and decide accordingly. The Steamer Syracuse, 167.
III. IN THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
9. No special rules of prevail in that court. United States v. Burns, 247.
PRACTICE. See Evidence, 2; Captured and Abandoned Property; Pleading, 4; Rehearing.
I. IN THE SUPREME COURT.
1. What constitutes a final decree stated. French v. Shoemaker, 86. 2. Indemnity on appeal bond presumed sufficient where record does not
show the reverse. lb. 8. Though several defendants may be affected by a judgment or decree,
there may be such a separate judgment or decree against one of them that he can appeal or bring a writ of error without joining the other defendants. Germain v. Mason, 259. 4. A judgment in personam against one defendant for a sum of money, which at the same time establishes the debt as a paramount lien on real estate as to other defendants, may be brought to this court by the party against whom the personal judgment is rendered, without joining the others. Ib. 5. Under the 30th rule of court a motion to advance is discretionary with the court. Ward v. State of Maryland, 163. 6. An advance under that rule refused; it appearing that the party asking the advance was not in jail. lb. 7. Such motion cannot, under the act of June 30th, 1870, be made, except in behalf of a State, or by a party claiming under its laws. lb. 8. Although a suit be nominally by a State as the plaintiff, yet where the real plaintiffs are individuals-as ex gr. in a quo warranto, where the State is plaintiff ex relatione-thecourt will not advance, even by consent of counsel on both sides, a case under the act of June 30th, 1870. Miller et al. v. The State, 159 9. A continuance granted on an appeal from the Court of Claims, there having been a motion made there by the appellant, and yet undis-

714

INDEX.

PRACTICE (continued). posed of, for a new trial on the ground of after-acquired evidence. United States v. Crusell, 175.
10. The court below, not this court, must determine whether the application for a new trial is seasonably made. lb.
11 When a case is within the jurisdiction of the court, and there has been no defect in removing it from the subordinate court to this, the court will not dismiss the case on motion made out of the regular call of the docket. The Butaw, 136.
12. Where the record shows that the case of a plaintiff is inherently and fatally defective, a judgment against him will not be reversed for instructions however erroneous. Barth v. Clise, Sherff, 401.
13. Judgment affirmed under Rule 23d, with 10 per cent. damages in addition to interest; the court believing that the writ of error had been brought for delay. Insurance Company v. HIuchbergers, 164 ; Hennesey v. Sheldon, 440.
14. Although when a court has no jurisdiction it is in general irregular to make any order, except to dismiss the suit, that rule does not apply to the action of the court in setting aside such orders as had been made improperly before the want of jurisdiction was discovered, and restoring things to the state in which they were before the improper orders were made. M1ail Company v. Flanders, 130.
15. The mode of finding the facts by the court (waiving a jury), under the act of March 3d, 1865 (relative to the trial of issues of fact in civil causes), and as to the effect to be given to such finding, and the manner in which the record is to be prepared for this and the extent of the inquiry to be made in this court, set forth in detail. Kearney v. Case, 275; Miller v. Lffe Insurance Company, 285.
16. In appeals involving mere question of fact, where the District and Circuit Courts have taken the same view, this court, affirming the decree, contents itself with an announcement of its conclusions, without extended comment on the testimony. The Spray, 366.
17. When a contract for money is, by its terms, made payable in specie or in coin, judgment may be entered thereon for coined dollars. Bronson v. odes (7 Wallace, 229) affirmed. Trebilcock v. Wilson etux., 687.
18. On a policy for $10,000 signed by four companies, each of whom agreed to become liable for one-fourth of the loss to that extent, one action may be brought against them all by their consent; the declaration charging the separate promises and praying for separate judgment: and a verdict finding that the defendants did assume in manner and form as in the declaration alleged, and assessing the whole damages at $10,000, is good. But the judgment should be against each defendant for one-fourth of the damages, and against them jointly for the costs, and a joint judgment against them all on the whole sum is erroneous and should be reversed. On such reversal this court, instead of awarding a venirefaciasde novo, must, under the 24th section of the Judiciary Act, as well as by the common law powers of a court of error, render the judgment which the Circuit Court ought to have rendered on that verdict. Insurance Companies v. Boykin, 433.

INDEX.

715

PRACTICE (continued). 19. On motion in this court to dismiss on the ground of irregularity in
the citation and recitals in the appeal bond, the court, acknowledging the obvious irregularity of both bond and citation, yet held,
i. That the acceptance by the counsel, in particular language, was a waiver of the irregularity in the citation. .Bigler v. Waller, 142.
ii. That the irregularity, as respected the bond, did not necessarily exact a dismissal, which was accordingly ordered, only unless the appeilant filed a sufficient appeal bond, in the usual form, within ten days. lb. 20. The distinctions between law and equity must be preserved in the Federal courts of Louisiana, and equity causes can only be brought to the Supreme Court for review by appeal, and cases at law by writ of error. As the pleadings in the Circuit Court for that district are by petition and answer, both at law and in equity, the court must look at the essential nature of the proceeding to determine whether it belongs to the one or to the other. A proceeding which is in its essential nature a foreclosure of a mortgage, as a mortgage is foreclosed in a court of chancery, is a suit in equity, by whatever name it may be called; and when brought here by writ of error, the writ must be dismissed. Walker v. Dreville, 440.

II. IN THE CIRCUIT COURT. See Practice,15-18.
21. Even after an appeal, a Circuit Court may, in some cases, enjoin a party from proceeding in annther court in what the Circuit Court deems has been in effect passed on by it. French v. Shoemaker, 86.

PRINCIPAL AND AGENT.
1. Where an insurance company instructed its agents not to deliver policies until the whole promiums are paid, "as the same will stand charged to their account until the premiums are received," and the agent did, nevertheless, deliver a policy giving a credit to the insurer and waiving a cash payment, held that the company, it being a stock company, was bound. Mlfiller v. Life Insurance Co., 285.
2. A majority of persons, the persons being commissioners appointed by the government, clothed with public authority to do a public act, may execute a power given to the whole; though this is not the rule generally in regard to private agencies. Cooley v O'connor, 391.

PRIVATE CARRIER.
Distinguished from common, and not bound to the same extent. extent bound. Shoemaker v. Kingsbury, 369.

To what

PROVISIONAL COURT OF NEW ORLEANS.
Statute referring to transfer of cases from, to Circuit and District Courts, construed. Edwards v. Tannaret, 446.

PUBLIC AGENT.
Several, clothed with authority to perform a function of government, how far all must join in performing the function. Distinguished herein from private agents. Cooley v. O'Connor, 397.

INDEX.
PUBLIC POLICY. See Evidence, 2.
1. Action will not lie for the price of goods sold in aid of the rebellion or with knowledge that they were purchased for the Confederate States government. Hanaucerv. Doane, 342.
2. A promissory note, the consideration of which is wholly or in part the price of such goods, is void, and an action cannot be sustained thereon by a holder who received it knowing for what it was given. lb.
3. Due-bills given for the price of such goods and passed into the hands of a person knowing the fact, will not be a good consideration for a note. lb.
4. It is contrary to public policy to give the aid of the courts to a vendor who knew that his goods were purchased, or to a lender who knew that his money was borrowed, for the purpose of being employed in the commission of a criminal act, injurious to society or to any of its members lb.
5. A law passed by the legislature of one of the late rebel States requiring the redemption of bills issued by a city in aid of the rebellion, cannot be enforced. Thomas v. City of Richmond, 349.
6. The law as to the recovery of money paid on an illegal contract stated and defined. lb.
RAILROAD CORPORATION. See Mortgage,2.
1. Where a Maryland railroad corporation whose charter contemplated the extension of the road beyond the limits of Maryland, was allowed by act of the legislature of Virginia-re-enacting the Maryland charter in words-to continue its road through that State, and was also" allowed by act of Congress to extend, into the District of Columbia, lateral road in connection with the road through Maryland and Virginia; Held: (the unity of the road being unchanged in name, locality, election, and power of officers, mode of declaring dividends, and doing all its business), i. That no new corporations were created, either in the District or in Virginia, but only that the old one was exercising its faculties in them with their permission; and that, as related to responsibility for damages, there was a unity of ownership throughout. RailroadCompany v. Harr-is,65. ii. That in view of such unity the corporation was amenable to the courts of the District for injuries done in Virginia on its road. lb. iii. That this responsibility was not changed by a traveller's receiving tickets in "coupons" or different parts, announcing that 11rwponsibility for safety of person or loss of baggage on each portion of the route is confined to the proprietors of that portion alone." lb.
REBELLION, THE. See Direct Tax Commissioners; Public Policy.
1. A purchase of the property of a loyal citizen of the United States under a confiscation and sale made pursuant to statutes of the late rebel confederacy, passed in aid of their rebellion, is void. Texas v. White (7 Wallace, 700), affirmed on this point. Knox v. Lee, 457.

INDEX.

717

REBELLION, THE (continued). 2. Dates of its beginning and end, different in different States. How they are to be determined in reference to acts of limitation. The
Protector, 700. 8. The appointment by General Shepley of W. W. Handlin as judge in
New Orleans, was a military appointment only; and was revocable by Governor Hahn. Iandlin v. Wickliffe, 173

RECEIPT.
Of a smaller sum in payment of a larger. See Action, 1; Duress,2.
REHEARING. Refused after several terms bad elapsed ; though perhaps in form the judgment which it was sought to have reheard was not quite regularly given. Noonan v. Bradley, 121.

REVERSAL. See Practice,12,18.

REVOLUTIONARY SOLDIERS. See Pensions.

SHERIFF.
Not responsible for escape of prisoner brought before court in obedience to a writ of habeas corpus, while in custody of court, and before a remand or other order. Barth v. Clise, Sher.f; 400.

SHIPOWNERS. See Collision, 5.

SOVEREIGNTY.
Auditid quereld does not lie in any case against the United States. v. United States, 304.

Avery

"SPECIE."
The word defined when used in contracts for tae payment of money Trebilcock v. Wilson et ux, 687.

STATUTES OF THE UNITED STATES.
The following, among others, referred to, commented on, or construed.
September 24, 1789. See Jurisdiction,1-7; Practice,1-4; 18-20. March 2, 1831. See Railroad Corporation. February 28, 1853. See Petntions. February 25, 1862. See Legal Tender. March 3, 1851. See Collision, 5; Pleading, 8. June 7, 1862. See Direct Tax Commissioners; Public Agents. July 11, 1862. See Legal Tender. March 3, 1863. See Legal Tender. March 12, 1863. See Jurisdiction,9. July 1,1863. See Estoppel, 2. June 30, 1864. See Internal Revenue, 2. March 3, 1865. See Customs of the United States; Practice,15. July 13, 1866. See Internal Revenue, 1. July 28, 1866. See Provisional Courtof New Orleans. February 22, 1867. See Railroad Corporation. March 2, 1867. See .Bankruptcy.

INDEX.

STATUTES OF THE UNITED STATES (continued). July 28, 1866. See ProvisionalCourt of New Orleans. June 30, 1870. See Practice,7, 8.

TAX. See Direct Tax Commissioners.
By one State discriminating against traders of another, unconstitutional. *What constitutes such tax. Ward v. Maryland, 418.

TENDER. See Legal Tender.

TONNAGE TAX. See ConstitutionalLaw, 8, 4.

TRADERS. Of one State have right to trade in all without injury from discriminating taxes against them. What constitutes such tax shown. Ward v.
Maryland, 418.

UNITED STATES. Audita quereld does not lie against. Avery v. United States, 304.

USURY. 1. If a bond be not usurious by the law of the place where payable, a plea of usury cannot be sustained in an action thereon, unless it alleges that the place of payment was inserted as a shift or device to evade the law of the place where the bond was made. RailroadCompanyv. Bank of Ashland, 226. 2. A prohibition against lending money at a higher rate of interest than the law allows will not prevent the purchase of securities at any price which the parties may agree upon. 1b. 3. 'Whether a negotiation of securities is a purchase or a loan, is ordinarily a question of fact; and does not become a question of law until some fact be proven irreconcilable with one or the other conclusion. lb. 4. Though the negotiation of one's own bond or note is ordinarily a loan in law, yet if a sale thereof be authorized by an act of the legislature, it becomes a question of fact, whether such negotiation was a loan or
a sale. lb. 5. Plea of in New York, by a corporation, forbidden by statute. lb. 6. The requiring or giving of collateral security for the payment of a bond
when negotiated, is not inconsistent with the transaction being a sale. 1b.

"1VOLUNTARY STRANDING."
What constitutes, so as to entitle owners to general average. Ratbones, 102.

Fowler v.

WAIVER. See Practice, 19.
Of irregularity in citation and recitals of the bond on appeal, held to have been made by counsel's accepting service of the citation in a particular form. Bigler v. Waller, 142.

WIDOWS. Of Revolutionary soldiers. See Pensions.

WRIT OF ERROR. See Practice,20.

