I
ALLOTMENT, ETC., OF THE JUDGES
OF ThE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
As iMADE APRIL 28, f873, UNDER THE ACTS OF CONGRESS OF JULY 23, 1866, AND MARCH 2, 1867.

NAME OF THE JUDGE, AND STATE NUMfBER AND TERRITORY OF THE DATE ANDAUTHOR OFTHEJUDOE'h

WHENCE .0OMING.

CIRCUIT.

CODUIISSION.

CIIEF JUSTICE.

FOURTH. MARYLAND, WEST VIR-
GINIAVIRGINIA, NORTH CAROLINA, AND SOUTH CAROLINA.

ASSOCIATES.
HON. WARD HUNT, New York.

SECOND.
NEW YORK, VERMONT, AND CONNECTICUT.

1872. December I1th.
PRESIDENT GRANT.

HoN. WM. STRONG, Pennsylvania.

THIRD.
PENNSYLVANIA, NEW JERSEY, AND DELAWARE.

1870. February 18th.
PRESIDENT GRANT.

HoN. N. CLIFFORD, Maine.

FIRST.
MAINE, NEW HAMPSHIRE, MASSACHUSETTS, AND RHODE ISLAND.

1858. January 12th.
PRESIDENT BUCHANAN.

HoN.

J. P. BRADLEY, New Jersey.

FIFTH.
GEORGIA, FLORIDA, ALABA:MIA, Mississi ri LouISIANA, AND TEXAS.

i870. March 21st.
PRESIDENT GRANT.

HON. N. H. SWAYNE, Ohio.

SIXTH.
OHIO, MICHIGAN, KENTUCKY, AND TENNESSEE.

HoN. S. F. MILLER, Iowa.

EIGHTH.
MINNESOTA, IOWA, MISSOURI, KANSASARKANSAS, AND NEBRASKA.

1862. .January 24th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
1862. July 16th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

SEVENTH.

HoN. DAVID DAVIS, INDIANA. ILLINOIS, AND

Illinois.

WISCONSIN.

1862. December 8th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

HoN. S. J. FIELD, California.

NINTH.
CALIFORNIA,OREGON, AND NEVADA.

1863. March 10th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

(iv Y

GENERAL RULE.
AMENDMENT TO ORDER IN REFERENCE TO APPEALS PROM THE COURT
oP CLAims.-RULE No. 1.
Strike out the whole of clause 2 of the rule, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
2. A finding by the Court of Claims of the facts in the case established by the evidence in the nature of a special verdict, but not the evidence establishing them; and a separate statement of the Conclusions of law upon said nets, on which the court founds its judgment or decree. The finding of acts and conclusions of law to be certified to this court as a part of the record.
[Promulgated October 27th, 1873.]

VOL. XVII.

( Xvil )

APPENDIX.

THE, twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act of 1789 and the second section of the act of 1867, much similar to it, being referred to in the body of this book more than once, are here given. Words in the former act omitted in the latter, or words in the latter not in the former, are here put in brackets; and words variant in the two acts in italics.

JUDICIA.RY ACT OF 1789. JUDICIARY ACT OF 1867.

[1 STAiT. AT LARGE, 85.]

[14 STAT. AT LARGE, 385.]

SECTION 25. And be it further enacted, That a final judgment or decree in any suit, in the highest court [of law or equity] of a State in which a
decision in the suit could be had, Where is drawn in question the
validity of a treaty or statute of or an authority exercised under the United States, and the decision is against
their validity, OR where is drawn in question the
validity of a statute of, or an authority exercised under any State, on the ground of their being repugnant to the Constitution, treaties, or laws of the United.States, and the decision is in favor of such their validity,
OR where is drawn in question the construction of any clause of the Constitution, or of a treaty, or statute of,
or commission held under the United
States, and the decision is against the title, right, privilege, or exemption specially set up or claimed by either party, under such [clause of the said] Constitution, treaty, statute, or commission,

SEcTiON 2. And be it further enacted, That a final judgment or decree in any suit in the highest court of a State in which a decision in the suit could be had,
'Where is drawn 'in question the validity of a treaty or statute of or an authority exercised under the United States, and the decision is against their validity,
OR where is drawn in question the validity of a statute of or an authority exercised under any State, on the ground of their being repugnant to the Constitution, treaties, or laws of the United States, and the decision is in favor of such their validity,
OR where any title, right, privilege, or immunity is claimed under the Constitution, or any treaty or statute of, or commission held, or authority exercised under the United States, and the decision is against the title, right, privilege, or immunity especially set up or claimed by either party under such Constitution, treaty, statute, commission [or authority],
( 681 )

APPENDIX.

MlIay be re-examined and reversed or affirmed in the Supreme Court of the United States upon a writ of error, the citation being signed by the chief justice, or judge, or chancellor of the court rendering or passing the judgment or decree complained, of, or by a justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, in the same manner and under the same regulations, and the writ shall have the same effect as if the judgment or decree complained of had been rendered or passed in a Circuit Court, and the proceeding upon -the reversal shall also be the same, except that the Supreme Court [instead of remanding the cause for a final decision as before provided] may, at their discretion [if the cause shall have been once remanded before], proceed to a final decision of the same and award execution. [But no other error shall be assigned or regarded as a ground of reversal in any such ease as aforesaid, than such as appears on the face of the record, and immediately respects the beforementioned questions of validity or construction of the said Constiftution, treaties, statutes, commissions, or au-
thorities in dispute.]

Mfay be re-examined and reversed" or.affirmed in the Supreme Court of the United States, upon a writ of error, the citation being signed by the chief justice, or judge, or chancellor of the court rendering or passing the judgment or decree complained of, or by a justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, in the same manner, and under the same regulations, and the writ shall have the same effect as if the judgment or decree complained of had been rendered or passed in a court of the United States; and the proceeding upon the reversal shall also be the same, except that the Supreme Court may, at their discretion, proceed to a final decision of the same, and award execution [or remand the same to an inferior court]. . ..

JUDGES
OP THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
DURING THE TIME OF THESE REPORTS.

CHIEF JUSTICE.

ASSOCIATES.

1-fON. NATHAN CLIFFORD, HON. SAMUEL F. AILLER, RON. STEPHEN J. FIELD, RON. JOSEPH P. BRADLEY,

RoN. NOAH R. SWAYNE,
RON. DAVID DAvis,
R2ON. WILLIAM STRONG,
HON. WARD HUNT.

AT TO RNE Y-GENER AL.
HON. GEORGE R. WILLIAMS.

SO LI C IT O R- GE N ERA L. HoN. SAMUEL FIELD PHILLIPS.
C L E.R K. DANIEL WXESLEY MIDDLETON, ESQUIRE.

* Chief Justice Chase died Mfay 7th, 1873. Some of the cases in this volume wvzre decided during his life, but more after his death, and while the
Chief Justiceship was vacant. (iii)

TABLE OF OASES.

PAGE

Adams v. Burke, .

.

453

Air-Line Railroad Company, Harwood v.

78

Allen v. Massey,.

...

351

" v. United States,

207

Amoskeag Manufacturing Company v. United States,

592

Atocha, Ex parte,.

439

Averill v. Smith, ."82

Bailey v. Railroad Company,

96

Baker, Williams v.

144

Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, United States v. 322

Bank, Eldred v.

545

v. Kennedy,

..

19

Barnes v. Railroad Companies,

..

294

Beale's Executrix, Hume v.

336

Beall Assignee, Harrell v.

590

Beggs, The Collector v.

.

182

Benson, Kibbe v..

624

Board of Public Works v.Columbia College,

521

Bokee, Carlton v..

463

Boutwell, United States v.

604

Branson v. Wirth,

32

Brown, Railroad Company v.

.

445

Burke, Adams v..

453

Bynum et al., Olcott v.

44

Cdrlton v. Bokee,.

463

Carpenter v. United States,

489

Cedar Rapids Railroad Co. v. Des Moines Navigation Co., 144

City Bank, Wilson v..

473

Collector, The, v. Beggs,

182

Columbia College, Board of Public Works v.

521

(xi)

TABLE OF CASES.

Conway v. Stannard, Cooke, United States v. Cordova v. Hood,. Cutner v. United States,

* *.

. .

PAGE
. 398 . 168
517

Daniel v. Whartenby, .

.

639

Des Moines Navigation Co., Cedar Rapids Railroad Co. v. 144

Eidred v. Michigan Insurance Bank, .

545

Emily Souder, The,

.

.

. . * 666

EJx parte Atoeha, ...

. * * . 439

" Warmouth,

64

Fort, Railroad Company v.. Foster, Goddard v. Francisco, Life Insurance Company v. Fuller, Railroad Company v.

Gardner, Reed v.. German Savings and Loan Society, Oulton v. Goddard v. Foster, Goodwin v. United States, .

Harrell v. Beall, Assignee, .

590

Harwood v. Railroad Company,

78

Heartt, Rodd v.

854

Henry, United States v.

405

Hickey, United States v.

1 9

Hoag, Assignee, Sawyer f.

610

Holden v. Joy,

211

Homestead Company v. Valley Railroad-,

Hood, Cordova v..

* 1

Hope, The Star of, .

651

Horn v. Lockhart et al;, .

570

Huidekopers, Stitt v.

.

384

Hume v. Beale's Executrix,

336

Huntington, Moore v.'.

417

Iowa Homestead Company v. Valley Railroad Company,. Isham, United States v.

TABLE OF OASES.

Joseph et al., Miller v. Joy, Holden v.
11 Warner v.

Kennedy, Bank v. Kibbe v. Benson,. Knode v. Williamson, Kocl, Ryan v.

o.

·

·

*

*

*

Lalley, Marin v. .

-.

.

.

Lapene, United States v. ..

Lap~yre v. United States,

...

Lasere v. Rochereau,

.

.

Life Insurance Company v. Francisco,

Lockhart et al., Horn v

.

.

.

Lockwood, Railroad Company v.

.

.

McCue, Packet Company v.

.

Magwire, Tyler v.

Manhattan Life Insurance Company v. Francisco,

Manufacturing Company v. United States,

Marin v. Lalley, .

Mason v. United States,

Massey, Allen v..

Merritt, The, .

Michigan Insurance Bank, Eldred v.

Miller v. Joseph et al.,.

Missouri, Rea v..

Moore v. Huntington, .

Murray v. The United States (The Merritt),

Nock, Philp et al. v. Nuestra Seffora d,, Regla, T ',

Oicott v. Bynum et al., Oulton v. Savings Institution,

Packet Company v. MeCue, .

.

Paul v. Shoemaker,

Philp et al. v. Nock,

Public Works, Board of, v. Columbia College,

Xxi
PAGE
655 211 253
19 624 586
19
14 601 191 437 672 570 357
. 508 253 672
. 592 14 67 351 582 545 655 532 417 582
460 29
44 109
508 630 460 521

xxii

TABLE OF OASES.

)Railroad Company, Bailey v.

.

Barnes v.

.

v. Brown,*

v. Fort,

*

v. Fuller,

Harxiood v..

c" Homestead Company v.

v. Lockwood,

" v. Stout, " United States v.

Ray v. Smith,

IReav. Missouri,

Reed v. Gardner,

Rochereau, Lasere v.

Rodd v. Heartt,

$

-Ryan v. Koch,

O

PAGE

96

*

.294

.** . 445

553·

560

*78

:

163

357

657

322

532

*

409

437

* .854
19

Savings Institution, Oulton v.

.

Sawyer v. Hoag, Assignee, .

Shoemaker, Smiths v.

Smith, Averill v..

..

" Ray i'.

" v. Shoemaker,

Sohn v. Waterson, Souder, The Emily, 'South Carolina, Stat6 of, ex relatione . Stoll, 'Stannard, Conway v.

Star of Hope, The,

State v. Stoll,

State Harbor Commissioners, The, Walker v,

Stevenson v. Beggs,

Stitt v. Huidekopers,

Stoll, State v.

Stout, Railroad Company v.

Sweeny v. United States,

O

The Collector v. Beggs, " Emily Souder, M erritt,
Nuestra Sefiora de Regla, " Star of Hope,

.O x.-

¢O

·

·.T "

109

*

.610

S.. 630

* * 411 -. 630

596 666 425

S.: 398

*

.651

425 648

. 182 381

425 657 75

* 182 * *. 666 · . ;582 , . 29
651

TABLE OF CASES.
TABLE OF CASES.
The State Harbor Commissioners, Walker v. Tyler v. Magwire,

oo.i
xx iii
PAGE
648 253

United States, Allen v. .

"

I v. Boutwell,.

"

cc Carpenter v.

9

4 v. Cooke, .

cc

" Cutner v.

"

" Goodwin v..

"

" v.Henry,

"

" v. Hiekey,

"

" v. Isham, .

c

c v. Lapene,

"

" Lapeyre v.

C

cc Manufacturing Compapy v.

cc

"9 Mason v.

It

" Murray v. (The Merritt),

"

" v. Railroad Company,.

"

" Sweeny v.

S.

207

*

.604

*

.489

*

.168

517

515

405

9 496 601 191 592
67 582 322
75

Valley Railroad, Homestead Company v.

153-

Walker v. The State Harbor Commissioners,

648

Warmouth, Exparte,

.

.

64

Warner v. Joy,

253

Washington, Alexandria, and Georgetown Railroad Com-

pany v. Brown,

445

Waterson, Sohn v.

.

596

Whartenby, Daniel v.

639

Williams v. Baker,

.

144

Williamson, Knode v.

·

586

Wilson v. City Bank,

.

.

.

473

Wirth, Branson v . ..

. 32

CASES
ARGUED AND ADJUDGED
VIir #uvurmt (!firt
OF
THE U:NITD STATES,
DEOE1IBER TERM, 1822, A D OTOBER TERM, 1873.
REPORTED BY
JOHN WILLIAM WALLACE.
VOL. XVII.

WASHINGTON, D.C.:

W. H. & 0. H. MORRISON,

,Tvbvub18trs 7t. 1874.

flhozkrs.

Entered according to Act of Congress, in the year 1874, By W. H. & 0. H. MoRursoN,
In the Office of the Librarian of Congress, at Washington.

INDEX.
ADMIRALTY. See Prize; Practice,15.
ANSWER IN CHANCERY. A decree reversed as made on evidence not competent, and in the face of answers responsive to the bill. Moore v. Huntington, 417.
APPEAL. See Practice, 7, 15, 19, 20; Supersedeas. 1. When a proceeding below is, in its essential nature, a foreclosure of a mortgage in chancery, an appeal is the only proper mode of bringing it to the Supreme Court. Marinv. Lalley, 14. 2. In, prize cases, wherever it appears that notice of appeal or of intention to appeal to the Supreme Court was filed with the clerk of the District Court within thirty days next after the final decree therein, an appeal will be allowed to the Supreme Court whenever the purposes of justice require it. Tle Nuestra Seflora de .Regla, 29. 3. Where the Circuit Court of the United States proceeds to exercise jurisdiction under the twenty-third section of the act of 31st May, 1870, entitled "An act to enforce the rights of citizens of the United States to vote in the several States of this Uni6n, and for other purposes," an appeal will lie to the Supreme Court from its final decree. Exparte Warmouth, 64. 4. That court has no power to issue the writ of prohibition in such a cause until such appeal is taken. lb. 5. 'Where the claim on a fund in the Registry of the Admiralty of several mortgages secured in a body by one mortgage, exceeds $200", an appeal to the Supreme Court will lie by the mortgagees in a body, though the claim of no one of them exceed the said sum. Rodd v. Heartt, 354.
APPEARANCE. 'When a defendant has filed a plea to the merits, and afterwards, by leave of the court, withdraws his plea, that does not withdraw his appearance, and he is still in court so as to be bound personally by a judgment rendered against him in the action. R/dred v. Bank, 545.
ARMY OFFICER. 1. One who shows that he received a commission from the proper source, and who serves and is recognized as such officer by his superiors until his regiment is mustered out, and who presented himself at the proper time and place to be mustered in, and was refused, makes out a prima
( 683 )

684

INDEX.

ARMY OFFICER (continued). facie case for full pay under the joint resolution of Congress of July 26th, 1866, "for the relief of certain officers of the army." United
States v. Henry, 405. 2. It does not rebut this p;.imd facie case to prove that the officer who re-
fused to muster him in, alleged that be w.ps not entitled to such muster because the company to which he was as.;igned as lieutenant was below the minimum in numbers. 1b.
ASSIGNMENT OF ERRORS. Must be made as the rules of court require, or the judgment will be affirmed. Ryan v. Koch, 9.
AUTHORITIES, JUDICIAL. See Precedent, Value of.
BANKRUPT ACT. See FraudulentConveyance. 1. Under the thirty-fifth and thirty-ninth sections of the, more than passive non-resistance in tin insolvent debtor, is necessary to invalidate a judgment and levy on his property when the debt is due and he has no defence. Wilson v. City .Bank, 489. 2. In such case there is no legal obligation on the debtor to file a petition in bankruptcy to prevent the judgment and levy, and a failure to do so is notsufficient evidene of aft intent to give a preference to the judgment creditor, or to defeat the operation of the Bankrupt law. lb. 8. Though the judgment creditor in such it case may know the insolvent condition of the debtor, his judgment and levy upon his property are not, therefore, void, and are no violation of the act. lb. 4. A lien thus obtained by him will not be displaced by subsequent proceedings in bankruptcy, though commenced within four months after levy of the execution or rendition of the judgment. 1b. 5: Very slight circumstances, however (the value of which must be judged of in each case as it arises), which tend to show the existence of an affirmative desire on the part of the bankrupt to give a preference, or to defeat the operation of the act, may, by giving color to the whole transaction, render the lien void. Lb. 6. The t'ventieth section of the Bankrupt Act was not intended'to enlarge the doctrine of set-off beyond what the principles of legal or equitableset-off previously authorized. Sawyer v. Hoag, 610. 7. 'Where personal property has been sold by one insolvent and immediately afterwards decreed a bankrupt, without any change of possession, and is thus void under the fule in Twyne's Case by the laws of the State where the transfer is made, the assignee in bankruptcy may pursue it, and, as auxiliary to its recovery, ask that the sale by the bankrupt be annulled. Allen v. Massey, 352.
BILL IN EQUITY. See Laches; Parties.
BILL OF LADING. Under one to deliver nuts in bags and boxes- in good order and condition, dangers of the seas, fire, and collisions excepted," a ship held liable for damage done to nuts marked "1in the cabin state-room," and stowed in the hold on a voyage from San Francisco to New York,

INDEX.

685

BILL OF LADING (continued). it being shown on the trial, by parol evidence (held, rightly received), to be the almost invariable practice to carry them in the cabin or in the cabin ittte-rooms in order to guard against injury, extremely liable to happen to them when stowed in the hold. The Star of Hope, 651.
BREACH OF CONDITION. 1. Grantor can alone take advantage of. Holden v. Joy, 211. 2. 'What amounts to a condonation of. lb.
"CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT." See InternalRevenue, 5.
" CHECK." See Internal Revenue, 1,5.
CHEROKEES. See Breach of Condition; Indian Tribes. The treaty of the United States with them, of the 29th December, 1835, and the supplemental article thereto of April 27th, 1868, considered at length, and the treaty declared to have made a valid sale to them of the " C herokee Neutral Lands;" and the sale to one Joy pursuant to the supplemental article declared to have passed a good title to Joy. Holden v. Joy, 211.
CIVIL RIGHTS. See Railroad Travel.
COLLECTOR. See Smuggling; Trespass.
COMMON CARRIER. See RailroadTravel. 1. Cannot stipulate for exemption from responsibility for the negligence of himself or his servants. Railroad Company v. Lockwood, 357. 2. The rule applies to the case of a drover travelling on a stock train to look after his cattle, and having a free pass for that purpose. lb.
CONFIDENTIAL RELATION. See Laches, 2.
CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. See Judicial Comity, 2. 1. A municipal corporation is a portion of the sovereign power of the State, and is not subject to taxation by Congress upon its municipal revenues. United States v. RailroadUompany, 322. 2. The clause of the Federal Constitution which requires full faith and credit to be given in each State to the records and judicial proceedings of every other State, applies to the records and proceedings of courts only so far as they ha'e jurisdiction. Wherever they want jurisdiction the records are not entitled to credit. Boardof Public Works v. Columbia College, 521. 8. No greater effect can be given to any judgment of a court of one State in another State than is given to it in the State where rendered. lb. 4. "Police Law," passed by a State, distinguished from a "Regulation of Commerce," and sustained on the distinction between the two. Railroad Company v. Fuller, 560.
CONSTRUCTION, RULES OF. I. AS APPLIED TO STATUTES. See Indictment.
1. If the provisions of a special charter or a special authority derived from the legislature, can reasonably well consist with general legislation

686i

INDEX.

CONSTRUCTION, RULES OF'(continued). whose words are not absolutely harmonious with it, the two are to be deemed to stand together; one as the general law of the land, the other as the law of the particular case. State v. Stoll, 425; and see Exparte Atocha, 439.
2. Where a State had publicly promised that the notes of a bank in which it was the sole stockholder, and for whose bills it was liable, should be taken in payment of taxes and all other debts due to the State, and so impressed the credit of the State upon the notes. Held, that when the State afterwards intended to terminate this obligation (as it could do upon reasonable notice as to after-issued bills), it was bound to do it openly, and in language not to be misunderstood. As a doubtful or obscure declaration would not be a pioper one for the purpose, so it was not to be imputed. State v. Stoll, 425.
II. AS APPLIED TO CONTRAcTS. See Interpretationof Gontract.
CONTRACT. See Offer. 1. What one party to a contract understands or believes, is n6t to govern its construction unless such understanding or belief was induced by
the conduct or declarations of the other party. Bahk v. Kennedy, 19 and see Bailey v. Railroad Company, 97. 2. Where the validity of a contract made by an agent of the government is disputed by the government, and a commission, appointed by the government to pass on its validity reports, after inviting ptirties interested to appear before it, that the contract be confirmed to a partial extent and on conditions, or otherwise be held null., and the other party acts after this upon the conditions prescribed-Held, that his action is voluntary and that the original contract is modified. Mason v. United States, 67. 3. So where a claim is disputed by the government, and the claimant accepts a certain sum in settlement thereof and gives a receipt in full therefor, a subsequent action in the Court of Claims for any-residue asserted to be due is barred. Sweeny v. United States, 75. 4. Mfay be implied to restore proceeds (and the fraud of the act waived), where one has unlawfully taken and sold bonds belonging to another; the amount due being capable of ascertainment by computation, and being the principal and interest of the bonds taken and sold. Allen v. United States, 207. 5. Where, after a contract to do certain work within a time fixed has been completely entered into, the party for whom the work is to be done requests certain alterations in the work, to effect which necessarily requires a considerably longer time, the request to make such alterations implies such a reasonable extension'of the time as is requisite to make them, and if the work be done within that reasonable time and the person ordering it was aware of the progress of the work and gave no notice that he would refuse to accept it unless done in the time originally limited, he is bound to take it when done. The doctrine applied to a government contract. M'1anufacturing Company v. United States, 592.

INDEX.

687

CONTRIBUTORY NEGLIGENCE. See Infant.
COUNSEL FEES. Before a commissioner on the settlement of damages on an award of restitution, disallowed as excessive and unwarranted. The Nuestra Seftora de Regla, -29.
COURT AND JURY. 1. The rule of law that the interpretation of written instruments is a question of law for the court, is applied with full force to agreements to be deduced from the correspondence of the parties, and the fact that the language of the letters containing the offer or acceptance is doubtful, does not relieve the court of this duty, or make the question one of fact for the jury. Goddard v. Foster, 123. 2. It is not error for a court, leaving to the jury the credibility of the testimony and their belief of certain material facts, to instruct the jury that they must, if they so believe, find for one party, though this may be all that is in contest. Still v. Huidehopers, 384. 3. 'Whether the facts be disputed or undisputed, if different minds may honestly draw different conclusions from them, the case is properly left to the jury. Railroad Company v. Stout, 657; and see Packet Company v. Kcize, 508. 4. 'Whether a party is affected with "sickness or disease.Ltwithin the meaning of the questions put to him prior to the issue of a life. insurance policy, is a question, when medical testimony is one way and that of acquaintances another, for the jury. Life Insurancev. Francisco,672. 5. So are the answers, written out in the presence of the insurer's agent under the obligation, in the policy, of the representatives of the assured, to furnish "due proof of the just claim of the assured ;" if the assurer have ' eceived and kept them without objection to their sufficiency. lb.
COURT OF CLAIMS. See Set-off, 2. 1. Claims under treaty-stipulations are excluded from the general jurisdiction of the Court of Claims conferred by the acts of Congress of February 24th, 18Z5, and March 3d, 1863; and when jurisdictla over such claims is conferred by special act, the authority of that court to hear and determine them, and of this c6urt to review its action, is limited and controlled by the provisions of that act. Ex parte Atoeha, 439. 2. Accordingly a decision of the Court of Claims, made under the act of February 14th, 1865, "for the relief of Alexander J. Atocha," not giving an appeal, held final. Ib. 3. Since the passage of the act of March 3d, 1863, amending the act establishing the Court of Claims, objection cannot be made that a set-off set up by the United States is unliquidated; the fifth section of that act covering this class of demands. Allen v. United States, 207.
CRIMINAL LAW. See Embezzling Public Money; Indictment.
CROSS-EXAMINATION. See Witne,,s, 2.
CUSTOMS. See Smuggling; Navigation'Laws.

688

INDEX.

DEPOSITION. 1. A notice, without date, to take depositions at a time specified, "in the city of Guilford, State of Maine," insufficient to let in depositions taken in "the town of Guilford ;" it not appearing that the town and city were the same and the defect not being cured by attendance of the opposite party. Knode v. Williamson, 686. 2. Where a notice to take depositions at a place specified, informed the opposite party that they would be taken on a day named, and that the taking would be adjourned "from day to day until completed," and, a portion of the witnesses, having been examined (at whose examination the opposite party with his counsel attended), the taking of the examination of the others was adjourned until the next day, when it was again adjourned until the next succeeding day, and so on, from day to day till a particular day, when the taking of the testimony was completed in the absence of both the opposite party and his counsel. Held, that the notice was sufficient 1b.
DES MOINES RIVER GRANTS. 1. The history given of the legislation of the land grants for the improvement of the Des Moines River, and of the grants for railroad purposes, which have been supposed to conflict, and the decision in Wolcott v. The Des Moines Company (5 Wallace, 681), and Reily v. Wells (MS.), namely., "that the title to those lands never passed to the railroad company by the grant under w-hich it claimed," solemnly reaffirmed in three distinct cases. Williams v. Baker, 144; Cedar Rapids Railroad Co. v. Des JMoines Navigation Co., lb.; Homestcad 0,mpany v. Valley Railroad,153. 2. Nor did any railroad company, for whose benefit the act of Congress of May 15th, 1856 (11 Stat. at Large, 9), was made, or their grantees, as respected any lands granted by the said act of May 15th, 1856, or by the act of the legislature of Iowa, passed July 14th, 1856, become destul que trusts or entitled otherwise to any portion of what are called the Indemnity Lands, which were granted by the act of Congress of July 12th, 1862. Homestead Company v. Valley Railroad,153.
"DRAFT." See Internal Revenue, 6.
EMBEZZLING PUBLIC MONEY. See Indictment. 1. No exception or proviso of any kind is contained in the act of Congress of August 60h, 1846" (9 Stat. at Large, 63), making a paymaster in the army who embezzles public money guilty of felony. United States v. Cook, 168. 2. Therefore, a statute of limitations cannot be taken advantage of by demurrer. 1b. 3. The thirty-second section of the act of April 30th, 1790 (sometimes called the Crimes Act), enacts the only limitation applicable to the offence of a paymaster of the army indicted for such embezzlement. 1b.
EQUITABLE LIEN. See Vendor's Lien.

INDEX.

689

EQUITY. See Laches; Parties;Partnership. 1. Capital stock or shares of a corporation-especially the unpaid subscriptions to such stock or shar~s-constitute a trust fund for the benefit of the general creditors of the corporation, and this trust cannot be defeated by a simulated payment of the stock subscription, nor by any device short of an actual payment in good faith. Sawyer v.
Eoag, Assignee, 610. 2. Equity will not exercise its jurisdiction to reach the property of a
debtor applicable to the payment of his debts, unless the debt be clear and undisputed, and there exist some special circumstances requiring the interposition of the court to obtain possession of, and apply the property. Board of Public Works v. Columbia College, 521. 3. A decree in, reversed, as made on evidence -not competent and in the face of answers responsive to the bill. 1M1oore v. Huntington, 417. 4. Where a cross-bill and answers are filed in a case, and the decree undertakes to dispose of the whole case, it should dispose of the issues
raised in them. lb.

ERROR: See Court and Jury; Practice,11-14.

ESTOPPEL. See Recitals. This subject largely investigated, and the nature and dffect, extent and limits of estoppels, both legal and equitable, defined. Branson v.
Worth, 32.

EVIDENCE. See Deoosition; Estoppel; Judgment; Necessaries in a Foreign Port, 1; North Carolina,1; Practice, 1, 3; Res Judicata,2.
1. Conversations occurring during the negotiation of a loan, or other transaction, as well as the instruments given or received, being part of the res gesta, are original evidence and competent to show the nature of the transaction, and the parties for whose benefit it was made, where that fact is material. Bank v. Kennedy, 19.
2. Where the cashier of a bank effects a loan, and it becomes material to ascertain whether it was made for his own account or for the use of the bank, evidence of the negotiation and circumstances may be given for that purpose, whatever may be the form of the securities given or received, when the latter are introduced only collaterally in the
cause. lb. 3. When papers or documents are introduced collaterally in the trial of a
cause, the purpose and object for which they were made, and the reason why they were made in a particular form, may be explained by
parol evidence. 1b. 4. The purpose or quality of an act may be stated by a witness who was
present and cognizant of the whole transaction, as whether the delivery of money by one man to another was by way of payment or
otherwise. lb. 5. Parol, how far received to explain a bill of lading. The Star of Hcvpe,
651.
6. Parol, inadmissible to show how all the parties in interest understood a long and rather intricate transaction, from its commencement to its

YOL. xvir.

44

INDEX.
EVIDENCE (continued). consummation; the same being all in writing. Bailey v. failroad Company, 96; and see Bank v. Kennedy, 19.
7. Evidence of fraud, not required to be more direct and positive than that of, facts and circumstances tending to the conclusion that it has been practiced. .Rea v. Missouri, 582.
8. A memorandum found upon the record of a patent and put there by some unknown person eight years after the patent had issued is inadmissible to contradict the record. Branson v. ]Forth, 82.
9. Evidence of a vendor of land, being positive, is sufficient'to rebut a presumption, arising from taking a note with surety for the payment of the purchase-money of the land, that the vendor's lien had been displaced. Cordova v. Hood, 1.
10. A decree in equity reversed as made on evidence not competent and in the face of answers responsive to the bill. Moore v. Huntington, 417.
11. On a question by a creditor of A. of a fraudulent assertion by B., of ownership of goods levied on as A.'s, any statements made by B. in the absence of C., which are afterwards assented to by the latter or were part of the res gesta, are evidence. .Rea v. Missouri, 532.
12. Ordinarily, a witness who testifies to an affrmative is entitled to credit in preference to one who testifies to a negative. Stit v. Huidekopers, 384.
13. When one party gives notice to another to produce on trial a written instrument, and the party who so receives the notice produces and offers to verify it by his oath, the other party cannot refuse to use that paper and introduce a copyin the first instance, on the allegation that the first is not genuine, although he might show wherein it was erroneous or defective after it was once introduced. lb.
14. Although a written agreement between persons not parties to the suit may, as a general rule, be contradicted or explained by oral testimony, this does not apply to an attempt to make good by parol evidonee a contract which the law requires to be 'made in writing to make it valid. lb.
15. In an action of ejectment, a letter of the plaintiff's grantor, written to the ancestor of the defendant, is not competent evidence to show that the ancestor entered into possession under the license of the plaintiff's grantor, without some evidence that such letter was received or acted on about the time of such entry, by the ancestor. Smiths v. Shoemaker, 630.
16. The mere fact that the date found on the letter corresponds with the time of such entry, is not of itself sufficient to show that the letter was written at that time. lb.
17. Where the purpose is to impeach a witness, the proper question is what is the general "reputation" for truth of the witness? rather than what is his general "c li aracter" for truth? Knode v. lliamson, 587.
18. The extent to which a cross-examination is carried not Teviewable on error. Rea v. Missouri, 582.
FINAL DECREE. See Supersedeas. The order of seizure and sale called "executory process," made in Louis-

INDEX.

691

FINAL-DECREE (continued). iana when the mortgage "cimports a confession of judgment," is in substance a decree of foreclosure and sale, and therefore a "final deeree;" .especially when made after objections have been made and heard. M11arin v. Lalley, 14.
FORECLOSURE. See Appeal, 1; FinalDecree.
FOREIGN VESSEL. See Navigation Laws.
FRAUD. 1. Evidence of it not required to be moie direct and positive than facts and circumstances tending to the inference of it. Rea v. Missouri, 532. 2. Where a creditor of B.olevied on certain goods as B.'s for which C. interposed a claim of ownership, held that an intimate personal and business relation between B. and C. having been shown, it was error to instruct the jury that it was immaterial as to the ownership of the goods how C. acquired his means, or whether his exhibit of them was corrector not. 1b.
FRAUD ON REVENUE. A device to avoid the reventue acs, and whose operation does avoid them, is subject to no legal censure if the device be carried out by means of legal forms. United States v. Isham, 496.
FRAUDULENT CONVEYAN.E. See Fraud. Under the statute of frauds of Missouri, a sale of household furniture in a house occupied jointly by vendor and vendee, both using the furniture alike, and there being no other change of possession than tflat the vendor, after going around with the vendee and looking at the furniture and agreeing on the price, turned it over to the vendee and oxecuted a bill of sale before a notary, both parties then, after the sale, occupying the house and using the furniture exactly as before, is void as against the vendor's creditors. Allen v. Massey, 352.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTOR. Sqe Contract,2, 3, 5.
IMPEACHING 'WITNESS. See Witness, 1.
IMPLIED CONTRACT. 'Where a person has unlawfully procured and sold securities belonging to another, the principal and interest of which is capable of being ascertained by computation, the owner from whom they have-been taken, may waive the fraud in the conversion of the bonds, and claim as on an implied contract. Allen v. UnitedStates, 207.
INCOME TAX. See Internal Ierenue, 3, 4.
INDIAN TRIBES. See Cherokees; Breach of Condition. Capable of taking as owners in fee simple by purchase from the United States; and a salh to them is properly made by treaty. Holdenv. Joy, 211.
INDICTMENT. Where a statute defining an offence contains an exception, in the enacting clause of the statute, which is so incorporated with the language defin-

692

INDEX.

INDICTMENT (continued). fing the offence, that the ingredients of -the offence cannot be accurately and clearly described if the exception is omitted, an ;ndictment founded..upon the statute must allege enough to show that the accused is not within the exception. But if the language of the section defining the offence is so entirely separable from the exception, that the ingredients constituting the offence may be accurately and clearly defined without any reference to the exceptinb, the indictment may omit any such reference. The matter contained in the exception is matter of defence, and to be shown by9 the accused. United States v. Cook, 168.
INDORSER. See Negotiable Paper.
INFANT. Need not himself havejbeen free from fault to entitle him to recover damages-resulting from the fault of another. RailroadCompanyv. Stout, 657.
INSOLVENT CORPORAT] ON. See Eguity, 1.
INTEREST. Where allowed, not under contract, but by way of damages, the rate must be according t6 the lex for. Goddardv. Foster, 124.
INTERNAL REVENUE. See Trespass. 1. The words "memorandum, check," in that part of the schedulo of instruments required by the statute of June 80th, 1864 (13 Stat. at Large, p. 2 98, 158), to be stamped, which in the printed statute-books are printed with a comma between them, should read, "memorandumcheck," with a hyphen instead of a comma. United States v. Isham, 496. 2. In settling whether an instrument should be stamped or not, regard is to be had to its form, rather than to its operation. Though the form adopted may be a device to avoid the revenue acts, and though it may avoid them, yet if the device be carried out by means of legal forms it is subject to nolegal censure. lb. S. Under the 116th, 119th, and 122d sections of the Internal Revenue Act of June 30th, 1864, as subsequently mended, the interest due or dividends declared by any railroad or canal company, &c., which accrued prior to the 1st of January, 1870, were taxable under the act, though payable on or after the date named. Barnesv. The Railroads,294. 4. This tax is a-tax on the creditor and not upon the corporation. United States v. Railroad Company, 322. 5. Under the 110th section of the internal revenue act of 1864, as amended by the act of July 13th, 1866, taxing deposits in banks, an entry made in the depositor's pass-book of a deposit or payment, is "a certificate of deposit," or "check, or "draft" within the meaning of the section. OultoA v. Savings Institution, 109. 6. Under the proviso to that section, savings banks are not exempt from taxation if they have a capital stock, or if they do any other business than receiving deposits to be lent or invested for the sole benefit of the persori making such deposits. -b. ,

INDEX.

693

INTERNAL REVENUE (continued). 7. The fact that, by an agreement between the savings bank and the de. posie~r, money deposited with the bank shall be reimbursed only out of the first disposable funds that shall come into the hands of the bank after demand, being a regulation adopted but for an emergency, and not such as essentially impairs the just claim of a depositor, does not change the case. Oulton v. Savings Institution, 109. 8. Under the 20th section of the act of July 20th, 1868, entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled spirits," &c., in the absence of a distiller's having appealed to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue (as under the 10th section of the act he may do), for the correction of any error made by the assessor in fixing the "true producing capacity" of his distillery, it is lawful for the government to assess and collect, as for a deficiency, the taxes upon the difference between the said " producing capacity" as estimated by the assessor and the amount of spirits actually produced by such distillery, even though the distiller have in good faith reported and paid taxes upon his whole production, and though such production have exceeded 80 per centum of the producing capacity aforesaid. The Collector v. Beggs, 182.
INTERPRET.A'TION OF CONTRACT. Not to be governed by what either party to the contract understood or believed, unless such understanding or belief was induced by the conduct or declarations of the other party. Bank v. Kennedy, 19; and see Bailey v. Railroad Company, 96.
INTERPRETATION OF LANGUAGE. See Construction,Rules of.
JUDGMENT. See Appearance:; les #udicata. On a note or contract operates as a merger of it; and when the judgment is binding personally it can be introduced in evidence, and relied on as a bar to a second suit on the note. Bldred v. Bank, 545.
JUDICIAL AUTHORITY. See Precedent, Value of.
JUDICIA; COMITY. See Rebellion, 2. 1. In the construction of the statutes of a State, and especially those affecting titles to real property, where no Federal question arises, this court follows the adjudications of the highest court of the State, whatever maybe the opinion of this court of its soundness. Walker v. The State Harbor Commissioners, 648; and see Allen v. Massey, 351. 2. A personal judgment, rendered in one State against several parties jointly, upon service of process on some of them, or their voluntary appearance, and upon publication against the others, is not evidence outside of the State where rendered of any personal liability to the plaintiff of the parties proceeded against by publication. Board of Public Morks v. Columbia College, 521.
JURISDICTION. See Appeal; ConstitctionaZLaw, 2, 3.
I. OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
(a) It HAS jurisdiction1. Under the 25th section of the Judiciary Act, as well as under that of

694

INDEX.

JURISDICTION (continued). the 5th of February amendatory of it, if it has, beyond al.l question, decided every question at issue between the parties which it is necessary to decide in order to dispose of the casp on its merits, and the State court has not carried out its mandate but in effect evaded it, on a second writ of error to "proceed to a final judgment and award execution:" !Tylerv. Maguire,254.-
2. Under the same sections, to review the judgment of a State court wbeu the writ is issubd to the highest court of theState in which a decision of the case could be had, even if that court be an inferior court of the State. Miller v. Josoph, 655.
II. OF THE CIRCUIT COURTS.
(b) They HAVE jurisdictionS. 'When objection is taken on the ground of citizenship, provided the
parties to whose citizenship the objection is taken be not indispensable parties. orn v. Lockhart, 570.
JURY. See Court and Jury.
LACHES. 1. Where a bill is filed by a third party to set aside, as fraudulent, completed judicial proceedings, regular on their face-the bill being filed five years a'fter the judicial proceedings which it is sought to set aside have been completed-the cause of so considerable a delay s4ould be specifically set out. And if ignorance of the fraud is relied on to excuse the delay it should be shown specifically when knowledge of the fraud was first obtained. Harwoodv. Railroad-Company, 78. 2. A bill by cestui quo trusts was dismissed, where all the grounds of action bad occurred between twenty and thirty years, and the alleged breach of trusi had taken plate thirty-sever years before the bill was filed, and.the trustee was dead. This, although the ceatui que trusts were women and the trustee P, lawyer, 'who had married their half-sister. Hume v. .Beale's.xecutrik, 336.
LANDLORD AND TENANT. 'Where a lessee, after letting to another, reserving a rent, has assighed all his "right, title, and interest" in the lease, and "authorized the assignee to sue for, collect, and recover the lease, and the rights to the rent reserved under the same," declaring "it to be distinctly understood" that it is the object and purpose to put the assignee in his "place and stead, so far as concerns his rights under the lease"' the lessee, on a claim against him by the sub-tenant, cannot set up a claim for arrears of rent due to him at the time when he assigned the lease. The transfer has carried them to the assignee. United States v. ickey, 9.
LEASE. See Landlordand Tenant.
LEGAL TENDER. See'Practice,17; South Carolina.
"LICENSE TO TRADE." See Trading with Public Enemy, 2.
LIEN. See Vendor's Lien.

INDEX.

695

LIFE INSURANCE. See Court and Jury, 4, 5.

MANDSMUS. Against an officer of the government, in the absence of statutory provision to the contrary, abates on his death or retirement from office. His successor in office cannot be brought in by way of amendment of the proceeding or on an order for the substitution of parties. United
States v. Boutwell, 604.

MARINE RISKS. Distinguished from war risks. Goodwin v. United States, 515.

MASTER AND SERVANT. The rule that the master is not liable to one of his servants for injuries resulting from the carelessness of another, when both are engaged in a common service, although the injured person was under the control
and direction of the servant who caused the injury,-whether a true rule or not,-has no application when one of the persons employed and injured is a boy of tender years employed'as a helper under the superintendence of a full-grown man of mature years, and required by the master to obey his orders. Railroad Company v. Fort, 553.

MEMORANDUM-CHEOK. See Internal Revenue, 1, 2.

MERGER. A judgment on a note or contract merges the Aote or contract, and no other suit can be maintained on the same instrument. Bldred v. .Bank, 545.

MUNICIPAL CORPORATION Is not subject to taxation by Congress on its municipal revenues. States v. Bailroad Company, 322.

United

MUTUAL DEBTS AND CREDITS. See &et-off, 1.

NATIONAL BANKS. 1. A receiver of one, appointed by the comptroller of the currency under the fiftieth section of the National Banking Act, may sue for demands due the bank in his own name as receiver, or in the name of the bank. Bank v. Kennedy, 19.
2. In order to sue for an ordinary debt due the bank, he is not obliged to get an order of the comptroller of the currency. It is a part of his
official duty to collect the assets. "b.

NAVIGATION LAWS. A vessel built in the British Province of Canada, but owned wholly by citizens of the United States, if engaged in transporting the products of Canada into ports of the United States, may be forfeited under the
act of March 1st, 1817 (3 Stat. at Large, 351). T/le Me -itl,582.

NECESSARIES IN A FOREIGN PORT. 1. Where advances are made to a captain in a foreign port, upon his request, to pay for necessary repairs or supplies to enable his vessel to prosecute her voyage, or to pay harbor dues, or for pilotage, towage, and like services rendered to the vessel, the presumption of law, in

696

INDEX.

NECESSARIES IN A FOREIGN PORT (continued). the absence of fraud or collusion, is that they are made upon the credit 'of the vessel as well as upon that of her owners, and the presumption can be repelled only by proof that the master was in possession of funds applicable to the expenses, or of a credit of his own or of the owners of his vessel upon which funds could be raised by the exercise of reasonable diligence, and that the possession of such funds or credit was known to the party making the advances, or could readily have been ascertained by proper inquiry. The Emily Souder, 667.
2. Liens for such advances have priority over existing mortgages to creditors at home. Ib.
NEGLIGENCE. See Infant; .RailroadTravel, 1. 1. The distinction between "gross" and ordinary, as applied to common carriers, unnecessary. -Railroad Company v. Lockwood, 857. 2. Railroad companies not exempt from responsibility to strangers for injuries arising from their negligence or from tortious acts. Railroad Company v. Stout, 657.
NEGOTIABLE PAPER. 1. When an indorser of a hote has the maker's funds in his hands only as arising from the profits of a business in conducting which he was a partner of the maker, and is simply authorized to apply the funds so in his hands to the payment of notes at their maturity, and thus may have partee with them a certain time after the maturity,-it is error to take away from the jury the question whether the note was legally presented to the maker for payment, and whether notice of dishonor was legally given to the indorser. Ray v. Smith, 412. 2. What request the holder may properly in such case make of the court: lb.
NORTH CAROLINA. 1. Under the statutes -of, no copy of a registered copy of a deed can be read in evidence in place of the original, even if it be proved that the original is lost. Olcott v. Bynun, 44. 2. There not being in that State any statutory provision relating to express trusts, "1manifested and proved," similar to the provision in the seventh section of the Statute of Frauds, such trusts in that State stand as at common law. 1b.
NOTICE. See Deposition; Rebellion, 3. I- Where inquiry is a duty the party bound to make inquiry is affected with all the knowledge which he would have got had he inquired. Cordova v. Hood, 1. 2. Through newspapers not necessary to give effect to a proclamation of the President. It takes effect when signed and sealed with the seal of the United States, officially attested. Lapeyre v. UnitedStates, 191.
NOTICE OF NON-PAYMENT. See Negotiable Paper.
NOTICE TO PRODUCE PAPERS. See Evidence, 13.
NUTS. See Bill of Lading.

INDEX.

697

OFFER. 1. An offer to sell at a fixed price, whether accompanied with an agency to sell to others or not, may be revoked at any time prior to tile acceptance of the offer, unless there is an express agreement on good. consideration to accept within a limited time, or when other acts are done which the person making the offer consents to be bound by. Stitt v. Huidekopersr384. 2. An offer to take $40,000 in'cash is not accepted so as to bind the party by a contract which leaves the buyer at liberty to withdraw by forfeiting a deposit of $10,000, or pay the remainder within sixty days. lb.
OFFICER OF THE ARMY. See .Army Officer.
OPINIONS OF THE COURT. See Precedent, Value of. 1. Where a question brought to this court is wholly one'of the weight of evidence, involving no controverted proposition of law, the court will content itself with announcing fully its conclusions upon the evidence. Harrellv. Beale, 590. 2. May be assisted, in regard to an ancient trapsactionjby a judgment of another court, upon its sitting at the scene of the transaction, though such judgment be not capable of being pleaded as resjudicata. Hume v. .Beale'sExecutrix, 336.
PAROL EVIDENCE. See Evidence, 1, 5, 6.
PARTIES. See Practice,18. 1. Where a bill is filed by a third party to set aside, as fraudulent, completed judicial pr6ceedings, regular on their face, the plaintiff in those proceedings should be brought in as a party. Harwood v. Railroad Company, 78. 2. Where a person sues in chancery as administrator of a deceased part-, ner, to have an account of partnership concerns, alleging in his bill that he is the sole heir of the deceased partner, the fact that he is not so does not make the bill abate for want of necessary parties. Moore v. Huntington,417.
PARTNERSHIIP. 1. On a bill by the representatives of a deceased partner against surviving partners for an account, these last should not be charged with the sum which the partnership assets at the exact date of the deceased partner's death were worth, but only with such sum as by the use of reasonable care and diligence they could get for them in closing the partnership business. Moore v. Huntington,417. 2. Nor be charged with the value of real estate of the partnership the title to which is left by the decree charging them in the heirs of the deceased partner. Ib.
PATENT.
I. GENERAL PRINCIPLES RELATING TO. 1. Where a patentee has assigned his right to manufacture, sell, and use
within a limited district an instrument, machine, or other manufac-

698

INDEX.

PATENT (continued). tured product, a purchaser of.such instrument or machine, when Tightfully bought within the prescribed limits, acquires by such purchase the right to use it anywhere, without reference to other assignments of territorial rights by the same patentee. Adams v. Burke, 453.
2. The right to the use of such machines or instruments stands on a different ground from the right to make and sell them,. and inheres in the nature of a contract of purchase, which carries no implied limitation of th6 right of use within a given locality. lb.
8. In a suit by a patentee, for damages against an infringer, the plaintiff can recover only for actual damages shown by evidence. 'Accordingly an instruction to award to the plaintiff "such sum as the jury should find to be required .to remunerate him for the loss sustained by the wrongful act of the defendants, and to reimbursehim for all such expendituresas have been necessarilyincurred by him in orde to establish his right," is erroneous as too broad and vague. Philp v. Nock, 460.
4. Where a claim in a patent uses general terms of reference to the specification, such as I substantially in the manner and for the purpose herein set forth," although the patentee will not be held to the precise combination of all the parts described, yet his claim will be limited, by reference to the history of the art, to what was really first invented by him. Carltonv. Bokee, 463.
6. General claims inserted in a reissued patent will be carefully scrutinized, and will not be permitted to extend the rights of the patentee beyond what is shown by the history of the art to have been really his invention. If made to embrace more the claim will-be void. lb.
6. One void claim, if made by-inadvertence and in good faith, will not vitiate the entire patent. Ib.
PERSONAL PROPERTY, SALE OF. See Fraudulent Conveyance.
PERSONS OF COLOR. See Railroad Travel, 2.
PLEADING. See Indictment.
"POLICE LAW." Passed by a State, distinguished from a "regulation of commerce," and sustained on the distinction between them, characteristic of a "police law." .&dilroad Company v. Fuller,560.
PRACTICE. See Appeal; Appearance;Court and Jury; inalDecree; -Jurisdiction; Mandamus; Parties; Supersedeas; Trespass, 2; Witness.
I. IN THE SUPREME COVUT.
(a) In cases generally1. In passing upon the questions presented in a bill of exceptions the Su-
preme Court will not look beyond the bill itself. Evidence or statements of fact not contained in it, nor made a part thereof, though appended thereto, will not be regarded. Bank y. Kennedy, 191 Reed v. Gardner, 409. 2. A judgment will be affirmed when the plaintiff in error files no assignment of errors or brief, as required by the rules of court. Byan v. Koch, 19.

INDEX.

699

PRACTICE (continued). 3. Though a party may have taken exception before a trial to the refusal of a court then to suppress a deposition, yet if he allow the deposition to be read on the trial without opposition, he cannot avail himself, in this court, of his previous exception. Bay v. Smith, 412. 4. 'When a proceeding below is in its essential nature a foreclosure of a mortgage in chancery (which the order of seizure and sale called Itexecutory process" made in Louisiana, when the mortgage " imports a confession of judgment" is decided here to be), an appeal is. the only proper mode of bringing it to the Supreme Court. Marin
v. Lalley, 14. 5. In the absence of statutory provision to the contrary, a mandamus
against an officer of- the government abates on his death. or retirement from office. His successor in office cannot be brought in by way of ameridment of the proceeding or on an order for the substitution of
parties. United States v. Boutwell, 604. 6. 'When a case is one wholly of the weight of evidence, the Supreme
Court does not consider itself bound to do more than announce, without assigning reasons, its judgment on it. Harrell v. Beale, 590. 7. When a court below, on a claim embracing several items, rejects some but allows others, against which allowance the defendant alone appeals, the Supreme Court will not give consideration to the items rejected and against whose rejection the plaintiff has not appealed, except so far as may- be necessary for a proper understanding of the item allowed. United States v. Hickey, 9. 8. Extent to which a witness may be examined, not reviewable on error.
Blea v. Missouri, 532. 9. When in an action of ejectment, a letter of the plaintiff's grantor
written to the ancestor of the defendant is offered by the plaintiff, to show that the ancestor entered into possession under the license of the
plaintiff's grantor-no evidence having been given that the letter was received or acted on about the time of such entry by the ancestor-a general objection below that such letter is a declaration of
the grantor o.f his own rights is sufficient. Smith v. Shoemaker, 630.
10. If, in the appellate court, the party introducing such a letter relies on any special circumstances as an exception to the rule (as that it was part of the res pesto), that circumstance must appear in the bill of exceptions or by the record in some other manner. The admission will be held to be erroneous unless this appears. Ib.
11. When it is argued in such court that an error in the court below worked no injury to the party complaining, the fact that it worked no injury must be made to appear beyond question. If it is only to be seen by a mere preponderance of evidence, and the error is substantiated, the judgment mist be reversed. Ib.
12. Special circumstances of an alleged misleading of the court and opposite counsel by a statement of counsel, considered as a reason for refusing to reverse a judgment manifestly errbneous, and found to be insuffi-"
cient. Rldred v. Bank, 545.
13. A writ of error from the Supreme Court of the United States to review

706

INDEX.

PRACTICE (continued). the judgment of a State court must be issued to whatever court is the highest court of the State in which a decision of the case could be had, even if that court be au inferior court of the State. Miller v. Joseph, 655.
14. A writ of error will not lie to review the action of a courf'in enforcing its reasonable rules. Life Insurance Company v. Francisco,.672.
(b) In admiralty15. In prize cases, wherever it appears that notice of appeal or of intention
to appeal to the Supreme Court was filed with the clerk of the District Court within thirty days next after the final decree therein, an appeal will be allowed whenever the purposes of justice require it. The lBuestra Seffora de Regla, 30.

II. IT CIRCUIT AND DISTRICT COURTS.
16. Where a cross-bill and answers are filed fn a case and the decree undertakes to dispose of the whiole case, it should dispose of the issues raised in them. 7roore v. Huntington, 417.
17. Where advances for necessaries to a vessel in a foreign port are made in gold, and. drafts for the amount on the owners show that the payment to the parties making the advances is to be also in gold, the court may decree the amount in like currency. The Emily Souder, 667.
18. When objection is taken to the jurisdiction of the Circuit Court of the United Stat~s by reason of the citizenship of some of the parties to a suit, the question is whether to a decree authorized by the case presented they are indispensable parties. If their interests are severable from those of other parties, and a decree without prejudice to their rights can be made, the jurisdiction of the court should be retained and the suit dismissed as to them. rorn v. Lockhart, 570.
Ill. IN THE DISTRICT COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES.
19. A district judge, sitting as the Circuit Court, may allow an appeal from his own decree. Rodd v. Heartt, 854.

IV. IN THE COURT OF CLAIMS. 20. Decisions under special acts not giving appeal, held final.
Atoeha, 439.

Ex parte

V. IN THE HIGHEST COURT OF A STATE.
21. It is not error in an appellate State court giving judgmen against an appellant to include in the judgment sureties in the appeal and -writ of error bond. By signing the bond they become voluntary parties to the bond and subject themselves to the decree.* Mdore v. Huntington, . 417.

PRECEDENT, VALUE OF. A particular decision held not weakened as an authoritative exposition of the law by an alleged collusion of the parties to the suit; it being shown by the record that all the questions in the case were fully argued by other parties who intervened, and that the court maturely and deliberately considered the question which they were now asked to reconsider. The court declares that it does not look with approval upon a labored effort to prove by testimony that its judgment was ob-

INDEX.

11U1

PIECEDENT, VALUE OF (continued). tained by collusion, when the judgment is cited in another case only to establish principles of law, and not by way of evidence or estoppel. Williams v. Baker, 144.
PREFERRED AND COMMON STOCK. A series of agreements, &c., in regard to such sorts of stock interpreted in a case, special in character, of an embarrassed corporation, seeking to extricate itself from its difficulties. Baileyv. RailroadComrpany, 96.
PRESUMPTION. See -Necessariesin a Foreign Port, 1.
PRINCIPAL AND AGENT. See RailroadTravel, 1.
PRIZE. A Spanish-owned vessel on her way from New York to Havana put in distress, by leave of the admiral commanding the squadron, into Port Royal, S. C., then in rebellion, and blockaded by a government fleet, and was there seized as prize of war and used by the government ... She was afterwards condemned as prize, but ordered to be restored. She never was restored. Damages for her seizure, detention, and value being awarded. Held, that clearly she was not lawful prize of war or subject of capture; and that her owners were entitled to fair indemnity, though it might be well doubted whether the case was not more properly a subject for diplomatic adjustment than for determination by the courts. NuestraSeora de Regla, 29.
PROCLAMATION OF THE PRESIDENT. Takes effect when signed by the President and sealed with the seal of the United States officially attested. Publication in newspapers not necessary. Lapeyre v. United States, 191.
PRODUCTION OF PAPERS ON NOTICE. See Evidenge, 13.
PROHIBITION. See Appeal, 4.
PUBLIC LAW. What constitutes trading with an enemy and when done through an agent. United States v. Lapene, 601.
QUESTIONS OF LAW AND FACT. See Court and Jury.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. 1. A railroad corporation managed on the joint account of a receiver of part of it and the lessees of the remaining part, held liable for injuries committed, by a servant of the parties working it, upon the person of a passenger whom such servant improperly expellpd from a car, into which the passenger had entered; the railroad corporation having allowed tickets to be issued in its own name, in the same form as it had done before the road was leased, and the passenger, for aught that appeared, not knowing that the railroad corporation was not itself managing the road. Railroad Company v, Brown, 445. 2. An act of Congress passed in 1863, which gave certain privileges which it asked to a railroad corporation, enacted also that "1no person shall be excluded from the cars* on account of color." Held, that this

702

INDEX.

RAILROAD TRAVEL (continued). meant that persons of color should travel in the same cars that white ones did, and along with them in such cars. Railroad Company v. Brown, 445.
REAL ESTATE. See Des Moines River Grants; Indian Tribes; Landlord and Tenant; Resulting Trust; BstoppeZ; Rule in Shelly's Case; Bebellion, The, 8; Taxes; Trustee's Sale; Use and Occupation; Vendor's Lien.
REBELLION, THE. See Tradingwith PublicEnemy. 1. To a suit by legatees to .compel an executor to account for moneys received by him from sales of property belonging to the estate of his testator, and to pay to them their distributive shares, it is no answer for the executor to show that he invested such funds in the bonds of the Confederate government by authority of a law of the State in -which he was executor, and that such. investment was approved by the decree of the probate court having settlement of the estate. Horn v. Lockhart, 571. 2. The acts of the several States in their individual capacities, and of their different departments of government, executive, judicial and legislative, during the war, so far as they did not impair or tend to impair the supremacy of the National authority, or thb just rights of citizens under the Constitution, are, in general, to be treated as valid and binding. Ib. 8. Judicial proceedings during the war of the rebellion, within lines of the Federal army, by a private person on a mortgage, ending in a judgment and saie of mortgaged premises, against one who had been expelled by the military authority of the United States into the socalled Confederacy, and who had no power or right to return to his home during the rebellion, held null, and a judgment which refused to vacate them reversed: Dean v. Nelson, (10 Wallace, 172) affirmed. Lasere v. Bochereau, 437.
RECEIVER OF NATIONAL BANK. See National Banks..
RECITALS. See Estoppel. In a private act of legislature bind none but those who apply for the act. Branson v. Worth, 32.
REGISTRY LAWS. See Navigation Laws.
"REGULATION OF COMMERCE." One, distinguished from a "police law;" and the latter, passed by a State, sustained as not being the former., -RailroadCompany v. Fuller, 560.
RENT. See Landlord and Tenant.
RES GEST.ZE. See Etidence, 1, 11.
RES JUDICATA. See Judgment. 1. Although a former suit about the same subject-matter as a later one may not operate strictly as, res Judicata,yet it may we l be referred to when it was heard onthe scene of the transaction complained of, and when it-relates to a cransaction forty years old, as an element by

INDEX.

703

RES JUDIOATA (continued). which a conclusion at a later day in accordance with its result may be assisted. Hume v. Beale's Executrix, 336.
2. A personal judgment, rendered in one State against several parties jointly, upon service of process on some of them, or their voluntary
appearance, and upon publication against the others, is not evidence
outside of the State where rendered of any personal liability to the plaintiff of the parties proceeded against by publication. Board of P'ublic.Works v. Columbia College, 521.
RESULTING TRUST. A. resulting trust of land does not arise in favor of one of two joint'purchasers, unless his part is some definite portion of the whole, and what money he pays is paid for soine aliquot part of the property, as a fodrth, third, or a moiety. Nor can it arise in any case for more than the money actually paid; nor be created by advances or funds furnished after the time when the purchase is made. Olcott v. Bynurm, 44.
RULE IN SHELLEY'S CASE. Held not to apply to a case where a testator gave his estate, both real and personal, to his son, R. T., "1during his natural life, and after his death to his issue, by him lawfully begotten of his body, to such issue, their heirs and assigns forever;" with devises over, in case R. T. should die without lawful issue. Daniel v. Whartenby, 639.
RULE OF COURT. See Practice,14. One that "in causes tried by a jury, any special charge or instruction asked for by either party, must be presented to the court in writing, directly after the close of the evidence, and before any argument is made to the jury, or it will not be considered," is a reasonable rule; and the enforcement or disregard of -iits matter of discretion with the court making it. Life Insurance Company v. Francisco, 673.
SALE. See Fraudulent Conveyance; T ustee's Sale.
SAME CAUSE OF ACTION. See Re s Jdicata. Judgment on a note or contract operates as a merger of it, and when the judgment'is binding personally, it can be introduced in evidence and relied on as a bar to a second suit on the note. Eldred v. Bank, 545.
SERVICE OF WRIT. See Judicial Comity, 2; Rebellion, 3. 1. Under a statute requiring that a writ shall be served by delivering a copy to the defendant, or by leaving the same with some white person of the family, 4"at the dwelling-house of such defendant;" a leaving of the declaration with such a white person of the family when he is at a distance of one hundred and twenty-five feet from the house and in a corner of the yard of the house, is not good. Ribbe v. Benson, 624. 2. The charter of a railroad company authorized service of process "on any director." On a suit broughv, the marshal made return of service, July 6th, 1868, on J. S., "repL "d to be one of the directors." The iecord showed that on the 5th oi May, 1866, J. S. was, in fact,

704

INDEX.

SERVICE OF WRIT (continued). one of the directors. Held, sufficient service, in the absence of proof, that J. S. was not one of the directors at the time of service; and under some special circumstances. Railroad Company v. Brown, 445.

SET-OFF. 1. A stockholder indebted to an insolvent corporation for unpaid shares cannot set off against this trust fund for creditors a debt due him by the corporation. The fund arising from such unpaid shares must be equally divided among all the creditors. Sawyer v. Hoag, 610. 2. A claim by the United States for the proceeds of bonds unlhwfully procured from it by a person insolvent, and sold, consisting of the principal and interest of the bonds, and being thus capable of ascertainment, is sufficiently liquidated, though it hai:e never been judicially determined, to be the subject bfset-off. Allen v. United States, 207.

SHIPS. See Bill of Lading; Necessariesin a Foreign Port.

SMUGGLING. Under the fifteenth section of the act of July 18th, 1866, providing for the sale of property used in smuggling goods into the United States, the expense of keeping which would reduce the proceeds of its sale, the collector may publicly advertise it for sale at once, on seizure, and proper certificate by appraisers of its value and character, and, after
not less than one week's notice, sell it. Conway v. Stannard,398.

SOUTH CAROLINA. Different sections of the statutes of the State of, relating to its banks construed, and the bills of the Bank of the State, though issued after December 20th, 1860, and not paid in specie, held to have been a legal tender for the payment of taxes due the State in 1870. State v. Stoll, 425.
STAMPS. See Internal Revenue i 2.
STATUTE OF FRAUDS. See North Carolina,2.

STATUTES OF LIMITATION. In construing them, they must, so- far as' they affect rights of action in existence when the statutes are passed, be held, in the absence of contrary provision, to begin when the cause of action is first subjected to their operation. Sohn v. Waterson, 596.

STATUTES OF THE UNITED STATES.

The following, among others referred to, commented on and

1789. September 24th. See Jrisdiction.

1790. April 30th.

See Embezzling Public Money.

1792. December 31st. See NavigationLaws.

1797. March 3d.

See Set-of.

1804. March 26th.

See Embezzling Public Money.

1807. February 24th. See Trespass.

1817. March lst,

See Navigation Laws.

1836. July 4th.

See Patent.

1846. August 6th.

See Embezzling Public Money.

explained:

INDEX.

STATUTES 1846. 1855. 1856. 1861.
1862. 1863. 1864. 1864. 1864. 1866. 1866. 1866. 1867. 1867. 1868. 1870. 1870.

OF THE UNITED STATES (continued).

August 8th.

See Des Moines River Grants.

February 24th. See Court of Claims.

May 15th.

See Des Moines River Grants.

July 13th.

See Trading with the Public Enemy.

July 12th.

See Des Moines River Grants.

March 3d.

See Court of Claims; Army Officer.

June 8d.

See Xational Banks.

June 30th.

See Intermal Revenue, 7.

July 2d.

See Trading with the Public Enemy.

June 15th.

See "Regulation of Commerce."

July 18th.

See Smuggling.

July 26th.

See Army Officer.

February 5th. See Jurisdiction..

March 2d.

See Bankrupt Act; Internal Revenue.

July 20th.

See Internal Revenue, 8.

May'31st.

See Appeal, 3.

July 8th.

See Patent.

STOCKHOLDERS IN INSOLVENT CORPORATIONS. See Equity, 1

Set-off. . .

-

SUPERSEDEAS. - 1. Where the Circuit Court "decrees" that a fund in court belongs to
certain persons named, and that their claims be paid, and (the fund not being large enough to pay all the persons in full) orders a distribution by a commissioner, in accordance with the principles laid down by the court, and on a table of distribution being reported by the commissioner, recites that the commissioner had submitted a distribution based upon the decree theretofore made by the court, and then "orders and decrees" that the fund be distributed according to it, the "decreel may be considered as of either date as respects the matter of a supersedeas. _odd v. Heartt, 354. 2. As respects the question whether the appeal was in time to operate as a
supersedeas, the case is regulated by the act of June 1st, 1872, which allows sixty days, and not by the Judiciary Act of 1789. 1b.

SURETIES IN APPEAL. See Practice,21.

TAXES. See Internal Revenue, 3-8; South Carolina. 1. A party who has no title to lands cannot acquire one by mere payment of taxes on them. Homestead Cormany v. Valley Railroad, 153.

2. A party by paying taxes which another party ought to pay, but does not pay, cannot make such second party his debtor by having stepped in and paid the taxes for him, without being requested so to do. lb.

TENDER, LEGAL. See Practice,17 ; South Carolina.

TEXAS. See Vendor's Lien, 5.

TITLE TO LANDS. See Rebellion, 3. Cannot be acquired by the mere payment of taxes.

v. Valley Railroad, 153.

VOL. xV.

45

Homestead Company

706

INDEX.

TRADING WITH PUBLIC EITEMY. 1. What constitutes. May be through an agent. United States v. Lapene, 601. 2. A sale made without "a license to, trade," by a loyal citizen of thUnited- States, on the 6th of March, 1865, when Savannah was occupied by the Federal troops, to a loyal citizen of New York, of cottoi.. which had been returned by the owner, registered, and taken into possession by the-United States, and sent for sale to New York under the Captured and Abandoned Property Act, held void, although thv bill of sale of the cotton authorized the attorney of the vendors to receive the proceeds of sale and pay them to the vendees, and was thus argued to, have been not a sale of the cotton at Savannah, Georgia, but a sale of claim in Washington, D. C. Cutner v. United States, 517. g. Held further, the full consideration-money of the purchase having bee paid, that the vendor could not sustain a suit in the Court of Claims for the proceeds of the cotton, for the use of the vendee. .b.
TRANSFER OF LEASE, EFFECT OF. See Landlord and-Tnant."
TRAVEL ON RAILROAD. See Railroad Travel.
TRESPASS. 1. Will not lie- against a collector of internal revenue for improperly seizing and'carrying away goods as forfeited, where,. on information afterwards filed, the marshal has returned that he has seized and attached then, and where -after at.trial absolving them a certificate of probable cause has been.granted udor the eighty-ninth section of the act of February 24th, 1807, and where -the owner of the goods has never made any claim of the collector for them except by bringing the action of trespass. Averill v. Smith, 82. 2. The claimant of the goods after a trial where probable cause has been certified, ought to move the court for the necessary orders to cause the property to be returned to the rightful owners, if the court have itself omitted to make such an order. It is not the duty of either the marshal or collector to do so. 1b.
TRUST. See NVorth Carolina, 2; Resulting Trust; Trustee's Sale.
TRUSTEE'S SALE. 1. A deed of trust with power of sale (a deed, therefore, in the nature of a mortgage), provided that money should be paid in three equal instalments, and that in default of payment of any one "that may grow due thereon," all the mortgaged premises might be sold and a deed of the premises made to the purchaser, and that it should be lawful for the trustee," out of the money arising from such sale to retain the principal and interest which shall then be due" . . . rendering the overplus to the mortgagor. 'Held (the property being incapable of advantageous sale in parts), that when one instalment fell due, the trustee had a right to sell, and though there was a surplus above what was necessary to pay the instalment due, yet that the trustee might reserve the whole and apply it to the residue of the mortgage debt. Olcot v. Bynum, 44.

INDEX.

707

TRUSTEE'S SALE (continued). 2. A sale of a large and valuable property under a deed of trust in the nature of .mortgage, held under the proofs to have been properly made in a body, and for cash alone, and on the premises themselves, though they were in a remote part of Virginia. Olcott v. Bynum, 44.
UTH AND VERACITY, REPUTATION FOR. See Witness, 1.
SE AND OCCUPATION. .ne who enters into possession of land in virtue of an agreement that he
is to be a purchaser of it, cannot be held liable for, if the purchase be concluded. Carpenter v. United States, 489.
VENDO'S LIEN. 1. Exists as against a purchaser, having n6tice of the deed, in those States where such a lien prevails (as in Texas), when the deed shows on its face that the consideration is yet to be paid. Cordovav. Hood, 1. 2. TakIng a note from the vendee with surety, though presumptively an 'abandonment of the lien, not so absolutely. The presumption may be rebutted. 1b. 3. The vendor's testimony, if positive, sufficient to do this. 1b.' 4. Part payment of such a note-the note being for the payment of all and every part of the purchase-money so long as it remains unpaidand taking a new note payable at the same time and in the same way as the original note, and the destruction of this last, does not displace the lien. Ib. 5. By the laws of Texas. an assignment of a note given for the purchasemoney of real estate carries a vendor's lien. Ib.
VESSEL OF THE UNITED STATES. See NavigatinLaws.
VOID PROCEEDINGS. See Rebellion, 3; Service of Writ, 1.
WAIVER OF EXCEPTION. See Practice,1, 3.
WAIVER OF FRAUD. See Implied Contract.
WAIVER OF NOTICE OF NON-PAYMENT. See Negotiable Paper.
WAR RISKS. Distinguished from marine risks. Goodwin v. United States, 515.
WITHDRAWAL OF APPEARANCE. Se Appearance.
WITNESS. 1. Where the Purpose of testimony is to impeach a witness for want of veracity, it is more proper to ask the pbrson on the stand what is the 'general -' reputation z'for truth of the witness sought to be impeached, than to ask what is his general "1character," &c. -Knode v. Williamson, 587. 2. Cross-examination (including that of pafty who puts himself on the stand) matter within the discretion of the court below, and not, therefore, reviewable on error. Rea v. Missouri, 532.
WRIT. See Service of Writ.
WRIT OF ERROR. See Appeal, 1; Jurisdiction,-1, 2; Practice,13, 14.

MEMORANDA.
DEATH OF CHIEF JUSTICE CHASE.
THE :Honorable SAxoN PORTLAND CHASE, late Chief Justice of this Court, departed this life on the 7th day of May, A.D. 1873. . On Monday, the 13th of October, 1873, the first day of the October Term, a meeting of the members of the bar of the Supreme Court of the United States was held at the Capitol, and was called to order by JAMES ]MANDEVILLE CARLISLE, Esquire, on whose motion the Honorable REVERDY JOHNSON was made chairman. ' On taking the chair, Mr. Johnson said.:
GENTLEmEN OP THE BAR: Although it has been some months since the sad event occurred wJch'brings. ds together to-day, our sense of the great loss which the court, the-bar, and the country have sustained by the death of the late Chief Justice Chasi~is as deep as ever.
The loss of any eminent judicial State officer is always greatly to be lamented; but the death of the presiding Judge of the Supreme Court of the United States is more extensively felt and naturally more deplored. The jurisdiction of that high tribunal is so vast and comprehensive, embracing as it does questions which involve not only every variety of personal controversybetween the-citizmns of different States and aliens and our citizens, but -more or less, the respective rights of the States and of the United States, and -which i ay at times affect our relations with foreign governments, that the death of one of its members is calculated to fill the public mind with more than ordinary solicitude. The tribunal is to pass upon the acts of the other two departments of the government when cases involving them are properly under judgment, and to decide authoritatively whether they have transcended their legitimate powers. It is also to adjudicate all questions of prize and maritime law; to construe treaties and all questions of public law that.may be before them, and to decide conclusively the limits of their own jurisdiction. It has also frequently before it questions of cc -mercial law, which affect, more or less, not only our own commercial con rMunity, but in many instances that class in other countries.
It is very obvious, then, that to a proper and enlightened discharge of these several functions an extensive range of legal knowledge-constitutional, domestic, and foreign-is absolutely necessary, as is also a fixed conviction in the public mind that these qualifications are connected with strict impartiality and perfect integrity. It is to the honor of our country
(v),

I i

IEMORANDA.

that these qualities have been illustrated from the organization of the court to the present time.
It would be out of place to refer to the associate justices who have constantly adorned the bench, and contributed so much to challenge for it the respect and reverence of the country, and to secure for it a reputation which is as firmly established abroad as -it is at home.
As our late loss was that of the presiding judge, it is sufficient to pay a passing tribute to the memory of those who preceded him as well as to that of the late chief. It may with truth be said that no nation in the world has produced abler and purer judges than Jay and Ellsworth, Marshall, Taney, and Chase. The-abois' of Marshall and Taney, cove'ring so many years of service, do, more and more, as time rolls on, command the admiration of the profession and of, the country.. -Chief,Justice Chasels term was so brief that the lawyer. readily remembers the few judgments which he pronounced.
The ability of these judgments, the full knowledge which they display, and the admirable judicial style in which they were rendered, filled the professional mind siot only with admiration, but with wonder.' For many years he had ceased to practice the profession, devoting himself almost exclusively to the political contetts of tfie day. His immediate labors before his elevation to the bench were, it is true, excessively arduops and evinced. the greatest ability, but they bore little or no analogy to the subjects which he had to treat when he became the head of the tribunal. It was surprising, therefore, that at the very threshold of his duties, he exhibited a knowledge entirely adequate to their able and satisfactory discharge. -The occasion will not permit me to refer particularly to any of his opinions, but I know you will not think me going too far when I say that, judging him by those opinions, be proved himself in all respects the equal of the great men who preceded him; andthat his uniform kindness and courtesy to all the member's of the profession commanded their esteem and regard.
I know that I may be pardoned for saying a word or two more. If leaving -him as a judge, we refer to his private life, we find him' every way worthy of commendation. As a fribnd, he was constant and sincere; as a parent, watchful and affectionate; and no persons will feel his loss more deeply than his immediate friends and, his domestic circle. Their consolation is to be foumd in the exalted opinion entertained of him by all, classes of his countrymen; and, above all, in the assurance that'he died as he had lived, a Christian.
A committee was now named by the chairman, on motion, to draft suitable resolutiins: Mr.. ARLIsLE being named as chairman of the committee. The committee having withdrawn, reported, after a short absence, the following resolutions, which were adopted':
SALMON PORTLAS D CnASE, sixth Chief Justice of the United States, baving departed this life since the last term of this court, the members of the bar and othei officers of the court have assembled to' testify their profound, regret at the event add their high respect for his inemory:
His opinions and judgments, as they are preserved in the official reports of the decisions of the court, attest his grat ability and his'devotion to the

MEMORANDA.
duties of his high office. His long and distinguished career as a Senator and statesman, and the manner in which he conducted the important department of finance at a period of vital national importance are more appropriate to be commemorated elsewhere. It is as a judge only that we now recall him. The dignity which descended upon him from his illustrious predecessors lost nothing in his hands. His refined and cultivated mind, his unvarying courtesy, and his regard for the rights and feelings of others won the warm regard and attachment of all who came in contact with him, and the esteem, admiration, and respect of the bar continually and steadily increased during the eight years in which he presided over the deliberations of this high tribunal; therefore,
Rwolved, That the members of the bar and officers of the court sincerely deplore the death of the late Chief Justice Salmon Portland Chase, and will affecjionately preserve the memory of his many virtues and high qualities, and will wear the usual badge of mourning during the term.
.R,solved, That the Attorney-General of the United States be requested to move the cour+ to direct these proceedings to be entered upon the minutes, and that a copy thereof be transmitted to the family of the deceased Chief Justice, with the respectful assurance of the sincere sympathy of the members of this meeting.
At the opening of the court on Thursday, Octbber 23d, 3Mr.
ATTORNEY-GENERAL WILLIAMS presented the resolutions, and
made the following remarks:
May it please the court, I have been charged with the sad duty of formally announcing to your honors the death of Chief Justice Chase, and of presenting, to be spread upon the records of the court, the resolutions of the bar touching that mournful event.
On the first day of last May, by the adjournment of this court for the term, he laid aside his official robes to seek that temporary repose which his arduous labors and bodily infirmities seemed to require, but in a few days thereafter, to the great disappointment and grief of his family and friends, he laid aside all that was mortal of his nature and passed to vhere the weary are forever at rest. While spring was revealing its new and beautiful forms of life upon earth, he was carried in the gentle arms of hope and faith to the new life of another world. To recount the public incidents of his eventful career upon this occasion would be to repeat what is as familiar as household words to- the people of this country.
Suffice it to say, that as the governor of-a great State, as a Senator in Congress, as a Secretary of the Treasury, and as Chief justice of the- Supreme Court, he was distinguished for great abilities and great devotion to, duty. Conspicuous among his many claims to popular and lasting regard were his early, continued, and effectual labors for tl's universal freedom of man. His fame in this respect will be as enduring as the love of liberty in the hearts of the American people. To say that he administered the finances of the country through the late war of the rebellion, is enough to establish his pre-eminence and show his title to a nation's gratitude, Jay, Rutledge, Ellsworth, Marshall, and Taney, are the few imperishable names of the

vii° ,

MEMORANDA.

great departed who have filled the chief seat in this court, and to those is now added, ith new lustre to the galaxy, the name of Chase.
Posterity will know of him through his public services, but we his associates and friends, know and can appreciate as well his private virtues.
All the'influences of his example were for good. He was above reproach in his relations to society. His physical proportions were in harmony with his high intellectual qualities. He was dignified and graceful in his deportment, and especially kind and courteous to members of the bar. His writings are remarkable for their clearness and force, and all who knew him know how instructive and charming he was in conversation. Physically, intellectually,, and morally, he was all that a Chief Justice ought to be. Impelled by what has been called the infirmity of noble minds, he pursued with untiring zeal his lofty aims, and whatever else may be said of his aspirations, happily no one can say that they marred the excellence or purity of his personal character. Early in life he emigrated from New Hampshire, where he was born in 1808,,and soon after became a citizen of Ohio, where, unaided by fortune or, friends, .hecommenced his successful public career. Inspired by an ardor that spurned all obstacles he pressed onward and upward until he was exalted to the head of this high tribunal, a place that but few men can ever attain. Thence he has come down to his grave crowned -with years and many honors: He leaves to hid children and his country the record of a life-
Rich in the world's opinion and men's praise, And full of all we could desire, but days.
To which. Mr. Justice CLIFFORD, the Senior Associate Justice in commission, respondd in behalf of the court as follows:
GENTLEMEN OF THE BAR:
Providence has ordained that man must die, and it is matter of solemn import to every reflecting mind that the sentence applies to the whole human family, without regard to station,
attainment, or usefulness. None of those who occupied these seats sixteen years ago are
now here to participate in these commemorative proceedings, and only two of the number then in office survive to join in the general sorrow, -so well expressed in the resolutions of the bar, for the great loss which the country has sustained by the death of the late Chief Justice of this court. Vacancy followed vacancy subsequent to that period, until the place of the Chief. Justice and those of his associates were all filled by new appofntments, and the junior of the immediately succeeding period, Who was appointed to fll,1 -a prior vacancy, has become
the senior Associate Justice of'he cdurt. Great events in the meantime have occurred. State after
State seceded, and the rebellion came and was crushed. Slavery

MEMORANDA.

IX

was abolished, and amendments were made to the Constitution to make it conform to that great change in the social relations of the States affected by the event. New laws were passed extending the jurisdiction of the court and vastly augmenting its labors and responsibilities.
Gratitude is due to Providence that the lives and health of the present members of the court have been preserved throughout
that period and for the success which has attended their efforts, aided by the wise counsels of the late Chief Justice, in upholding all the safeguards of liberty ordained in the Constitution. Civil war raged for a time with all its demoralizing influences, but the court continued calm and unswerved, and the.Constitution remains unimpaired to shed its benign influences upon the whole people of the country and to secure the blessings of liberty to the present generation and to their posterity.
Death has now again entered these. walls, and, for a second time within the period mentioned, has removed the Chief Justice of the court. Such a loss is deeply felt by the whole country, and by none more heavily than by those connected with this tribunal. Whenever a good man dies, in any walk of life, there group around him in his last repose a mourning throng of sad regrdts from the hearts of all who may have either experienced or witnessed his beneficence. But when, from some dignified and elevated station of public trust, obedient to the inevitable summons, a great and good man drops suddenly and noiselessly away, in the comprehensive sphere of whose high duties nothing remains but the solemn and suggestive silence of vacandy, a people's grief surrounds the grave to do justice to his motives and to award their saddened and affectionate approbation of his official services and public acts.
Difference of opinion, envy, or jealousy may have created barriers to a just appreciation of such a man during the active and angry struggles of life, but when the curtain of death interposes its impenetrable mystery between him and the living, that involuntary homage which human nature instinctively pays to its true -noblemen, is almost always sufficient to hush such influences and override every such barrier.
Passions of the kind cloud the understanding and too often prevent any impartial judgment upon the life and character of a contemporary until the brief coatentions of the world are left behind him and he has passed that solemn portal towards which

I.

MEMORANDA.

all human life, is ,only. the pathway. Influences of the kind sometimes affect even the public judgment and compel men at
last to exclaim, "Our blessings brighten as they take their flight," .Whether-good or bad, the-public man to whom, under a government of the structure of ours, has been committed the sacred duty of high public office, can ask.no more, nor can his f iends, than.that those .who desire -to review his acts shall be governed by the inflexible 'standard of-justice, looking to his motives and purposes hs embodied in his acts, when properly construed. in the, light-of the circumstances of his. life -and the nature, difficulty, and peril, of.his public-duty.
,Without a thought of anything so invidious as a comparison of meriV,.it may 'be safely said that of all the characters who were chief and prominent. -amid'the, swift and terrible commotions from which our country has little more than just emerged, none bore -amore ,perplexing and onerous share of the public duty than the .man to, whose -memory, more especially as its, Chief Justice, the supreme judicial tribunal of the nation now
pays its sad tribute of. mourning and respect. Called to preside over .the administration .of the national,
finance, at a most alarming. and painful period, when the past systems were manifestly inadequate to th6 enormous and unprecedented strain upon their resources, the energies of a comprehensive and creatiye mind were.demanded to wield and shape the -available wealth of the nation into such a channel thatit should, to the largest extent possible, promote the development of the military and naval power of the country and give it the most efficient and direct support. Manifold, difficulties' attended the undertaking as the vital forces of the nation were suddenly wrenched from their accustomed, pursuits of peace and were assembled at the call of the.-government, in the tumultuo, s arena of civil war, the immediate effect, of which was to,diminish very largely the.ordinary national income and to increase fearfully the national expenditure. Immediate decision was indispensable, as the emergency would admib of no delay,. and the requirement- was .not only that the rE erved wealth of the nationshould be evoked to meet thepublic emergency, but that it should be fused and melted into a current.
form.
With such. demands upon the position our lamented brother
was called to the office of Secretary of the National Treasury, not to administer a settled and tried system, but in the rapid

MEMOLANDA.

X1

whirl and rush of swiftly succeeding events to devise one that was new and commensurate with the public exigency, -Experiment may be tried in the hours of peace, and if experience fails
to demonstrate the wisdom of the measure or exposes its imperfbctions, it may be abandoned or another may be substituted in
its place without great injury to the government. Not thus, however, when Secretary Chase was summoned to
the performance of-the great duty under, consideration, as a failure might have been irreparable. Certain success was required, and the result shows that the duty was assigned to a strong, sagacious, practical intellect, which readily apprehended the nation's capacity, and was able to grasp the national wealth with a firm hand and appropriate it to meet the stern and inexorable demands of the public emergency. Complete success followed, and it would seem to be a sufficient commentairy upon the usefulness of any man to be able to say of him,' that under such momentous and inflexible conditions he could and did devise a system of finance which was commensurate with the
unexampled demands upon the national treasury. Wide differences of opinion exist as to the wisdom of the sys-
tem as a permanent one, but this is not the occasion for a discussion of the system, nor is such an examination necessary to a correct view of the mental and nioral condition of its author, as it is rather froth the survey of a long and earnest life of public service and the diversity of the fabors to which his powers of mind were so nobly and successfully devoted that the inquirer is enabled to draw the most correct conclusions concern-
ing his worth and capacity. Superior fitness for a particular station is frequently the re-
sult of experience in the performance of the same or similar duties, and the mistakes resulting from the want of such quali-
fications have proved that they can hardly be too highly estimated, but we know that there are some few in every generation to whom are vouchsafed an intellectual elevation that enables the possessor almost instinctively to comprehend many of the perplexities of life, for the unravelling of which by others must be paid the hard tuition of patient toil and study and long investigation. Sagacity and forecast, when such gifts are possessed, supply to a large extent the usual demand for an acquaintance with the duties of the particular station or for an extended preliminary preparation for their performance.
Gifts of the kind in a high degree were possessed by the sub

xii

MEMORANDA.

ject of these remarks, as shown throughout his public career as Governor of:a great State,, Senator in Congress, Secretary of the. Treasury, and Chief Justice of this high tribunal. Mere versatility of mind could not have so honorably met the demands of these high positions.. Success in so various and such important labors, without much opportnnity for previous preparation, furnishes indubitable evidence of a strong and vigorous mind and a high order of intelligence, which enabled the possessor to
analyze and comprehend many things wit4 ease and facility, which a mind Qf lesser grasp would only have pushed further
off with every-attempt to encompass and expound. Opportunity for preparation in legal knowledge he did have
in his eary.manhood'. Prior to the time he entered public life he was engaged in the practice of the law, and became eminent in his profession, as sufficiently appears in the volumes of the published decisions -of this court; and he was .eminent as the Governor of.his adopted State, and as a Senator in Congress before he was called to preside over the national treasury, until it may be said, if the period of eight years during which he was the Chief Justice of this court be included, that he has exemplified his greatness in almost every variety of trial which
arises in civil life. Difficult and untried questions were constantly arising during
the early stages of the late rebellion, and n one will deny the eminent usefulness, of the Chief Justice in solving the difficulties, or call in question his.sagacity or forecast in respect to the effect and .termination of that unhappy conflict, as it is within the recollection of many that he was able to look beyond the mist of civil agitation, and even through the darker and more frightful cloud of civil war, and to see nearer and nearer every hour ,the approaching dawn of a day under whose light all those
threatening aspects would be dispelled. Difference of opinion cannot exist as to the variety or impor-
tance of his public services, but it is a mistake t6 suppose that
purely intellectual efforts are in every case the unfailing index of the greatness of a man, or that they always furnish the correct means of estimating the value of his public services; as such efforts, though great, may be accompanied by such vices of heart and. defects of disposition as greatly to lessen or even destroy their influenue in such an estimate. Purity, impartiality, love.of justice, and respect for publicand private rights Are essential elements of greatness in a public man, and in every

MEMORANDA.
such respect the character of our deceased brother challenges our highest admiration. His respect for public and private rights is universally acknowledged, and neither envy nor malice ever called in question the purity of his life or his impartiality in the performance of his public duties.
Throughout his career as Governor, Senator in Congress, and Secretary of the Treasuryi he always mani'ested a love of justice, and the same trait of disposition and character is evinced in all his judgments, whether rendered in this court or the Circuit Court. We all know with wliat diligence and patience he investigated litigated questions, and how willing he was to review or even to surrender his own opinion in order to be right at last.
Men find it easy to review others, but much more difficult to criticize and review their own acts, and yet that is the very summit to which the upright judge should always be striving. Judges sometimes surrender with reluctance a favorite opinion, even when condemnation confronts it at every turn, and they find it wellnigh impossible to yield it at all when it happens to harmonize with the popular voice or is gilded with the rays of successful experiment.
Pride of opinion at such a time is too apt to predominate over a love of justice, but it was exactly under such circumstances that the late Chief Justice was called upon to review as a judge one of the most striking and conspicuous of his acts as the guardian of the national treasury at a moment when the fate of the nation so much depended upon its correct administration.
Great success attended the financial scheme when it was adopted, and time had secured for it an. extensive approval, as the war of the rebellion was victoriously ended and the national wealth was rapidly increasing. Circumstances better calculated to foster pride of opinion cannot well be imagined, but, the Chief Justice, who had so creditably met the demands of duty in such a great variety of other responsible positions did not hesitate to apply his best powers to the task of reviewing the measure in question, and finally recorded his opinion that it was not justified by the Constitution.
Judges and jurists may dissent from his final conclusion and hold, as a majority of the justices of this court do, that he was right as Secretary of the Treasury, but every generous mind, as it seems to me, should honor the candor and self-control which inspired and induced such action.

Xiv

MEMORANDA.

During the rebellion probably no one mind could have sue. 'cessfully' met all the requircm'ents 'of public dfdt which the .exigency presented, as the country bad a war to wage, a Union to preserve, and a C6nstitution and government of laws to uphold and mhintain, for' -which purpose a-conservativd judgment
in the judiciary was wellnigh'as essential as the courage of the soldier, or the wisdom of the executive, or the patriotuipsionn aanldl, forecast of Congress. Heavy responsibilities rested Und it was fortunate that the-Supreme Court, throughout a large portion of that period, enjoyed the benefit of'the wisdom and forecast 'of the late Chief Justice.
Defects he doubtless ha'd, but he had a calm, composed mind, in whose placid depths the bewildering events of the national
conflict wei'e wisely and clearly reflected, and in most cases'correctly exhibited to the 'otherwise perplexed cbmprehension of many other persons. Clearness, repose, and depth''characterized his intellect. Few men were better able'to analyze the events of that period as they occurred, and to foresee with more unerring accuracy their effect upon the future welfare of the country when the conflict should end; and it is to these rare, great'attributes of mind-that the inquirer must turn if he Wvonld understand how it was that he was able to discharge with such success the duties of Chief Justice after years df such diverse employment and without much opportunity of preparation,'excejpt what he acquired in those employments and in his early practice. Revered and conspicuous names had 'previotisly filled that station, but it may b said, without fear of contradiction, that our departed associate was a fit successor'of Marshall and Taney.
Summoned, as he' was, -to the station of Chief Justice'of this
court from a life largely spent in the executive, legislative, and administrative departments of the public service, surprise 'may well be felt at his great success as a judge, especially in view of the events which transpired within the period be'held the office, and of the great importance and exceptional' character of the judicial duty he had to perform. Numerous cases presented for decision within that period involved questions of prize and the exposition of the law of nations or the application of the laws of war, and many others have respect to the rights, obligations, duties, and privileges of citizens, and it is for that reason as well as others that they will ever be regarded as of great value to the public as well as to the legal profession.

MEMORANDA.

XV

But it would be a great error to suppose that the Chief Justice entered upon his high office with partial qualifications for its important duties. On the contrary he brought to the office a profound and comprehensive mind, familiarized with almost every variety of public duty, and matured, strengthened, and
developed by a long and most instructive experience. He was deeply versed in the great principles of jurisprudence, and upon his accession to the bench bent all the energies of his powerful mind to a mastery of the peculiarities and history of Federal judicial decision. His flaculties were eminently adapted to the comprehension of legal science, and so readily did he solve controverted questions of private right that the principles of law
and equity seemed almost inherent in his nature. Appointed, as it were, by common consent, he seated himself
easily and naturally iri the chair of justice and gracefully answered every demand upon the station, whether it had respect
to the dignity of the office or to the elevation of the individual character of the incumbent, or to his firmness, purity, or vigor of mind. From the first moment he drew the judicial robes around him he viewed all questions submitted to him as a judge in the calm atmosphere of the bench, and with the deliberate consideration of one who feels that he is determining issues for the remote and unknown future of a great people.
Throughout his judicial career he always maintained that
dignity of carriage and that calm, noble, and unostentatious presence that uniformly characterized his manners and deportment in the social circle, and in his intercourse with his brethren his suggestions were always couched in friendly terms, and were never marred by severity or harshness. Even when disease
had shattered his physical strength and written its effect in deep and haggard lines upon his countenance, it was unable to rob him of his accustomed air of grandeur, which was merely the
outward expression of an elevated and noble nature. Disease, however, overpowered his strength' and he has closed his life, rich in honor and highly rewarded by the affection and respect of his countrymen. He died with the armor of duty on, wearing the honors of a great and conscientious magistrate.
Since death was inevitable, the highest affection could scarcely desire a more fitting departure from the scones of earth, as he had rounded an arduous and useful life with a period of eight years of most delicate and important service as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the nation, having accomplished a long,

XVi

MEMOAANDA.

consistent, and successful public career, and closed it with the honorable exercise of the highest attributes of the human judgment.
Difficulties at all times attend the responsibilities of the Chief Justice of this court, but it should be remembered that the subject of these remarks was called to that elevated station during the most stormy and angry period of our national history, and it is praise enough to be able to say that he met all those exigencies with a calm and conscientious sense of duty, and such, in myjudgment, will be the verdict which the present generation will transmit to posterity; to which, permit me to add, that the justices of this court have lost a revered companion and the public a great magistrate and an upright public servant. Our loss is great, but the loss of his children and grandchildren is nuch greater, and to them we tender our sjncere sympathies.
The court cordially concurs in the resolutions of the bar as presented by the Attorney-General, and direct that the resolutions, together with the proceedings of the bar and the remarks of the Attorney-General and of the court, be entered in the minu'tes; and the court, from respect to the memory of the deceased, stands
ADJOURNED UNTIL TO-MORROW AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.

DEATH OF 11R. JUSTICE NELSON.,
THE Honorable SAMUEL NELSON, late an Associate Justice of this court, who, 6n account of advanced age, retired-from this bench on the 1st of December, 1872, departed this life at his residence, in Cooperstown, New York, December the 14th, 1873, in the 82d year of his age. Upon receiving intelligence of his death, on the following day, this court, in consideration of his long association with it, and of his eminent public services, adjourned without transacting the ordinary public business.

