Dec. 1872.]

BEALL V. NEW MEXICO.

Statement of the case.

All these are familiar principles, and they are sufficient to

dispose of the case and to show that there is no error in the record.

recor.

. - JUDGMENT AFFIRMED.

BEALL v. N1w MEXICO.
1. A statute authorizing judgment against the sureties of an appeal bond, as well as against the appellants, in case of affirmance, is not unconstitutional.
2. A Territorial legislature, having by its organic act power over all rightful subjects of legislation, is competent to pass such an act.
8. An administrator de bonisnzon cannot sue the former administrator or his representatives for a devastavit, or for delinquencies in office; nor can he maintain an action on- the former administrator's bond for such cause. The former administrator, or his representatives, are liable directly to creditors and next of kin. The administrator de bonis nonz has to do only with the goods of the intestate unadministered. If any such remain in the hands of the discharged administrator or his representa'tives, in specie, he may sue for them either directly or on the bond.
4. Regularly, a decree of the probate court against the administrator for an amount due, and an order for leave to prosecute his bond, are prerequisites to the maintenance of a suit thereon.
ERROR to the Supreme Court of the Territory of New Mexico; the case being thus:
One Hinckley died at Santa Fe, in the Territory of New Mexico, in October, 1866. At the time of his death he was a member of a mercantile copartnership, consisting of himself and two persons named Blake and Wardwell, and they carried on business at Fort Craig and other places in the Territoi y of New Mexico.
In November, 1866, one BeaU was appointed "administrator dud executor of the estate of Hinckley, according to the last will of the deceased," and upon such appointment gave a bond with himself as principal and one Staab and others as sureties, conditioned in the ordinary form:
"To account for, pay, and turn over all the moneys and property of the said estate to the legal heirs of the said deceased,

BEALL V. NEW MEXICO.

[Sup. Ot.

Statement of the case.

and to execute the last testamentary will of the said deceased, and to do all other things relative to the said administration as required by law, or by the order of the Probate Court of the county of Santa F6, or any other court having jurisdiction in the matter."
In pursuance of his appointment, Beall filed in the probate court an inventory of the assets of the estate, in which, among other things, he said:
"The property, rights, and credits of the said deceased, so far as the undersigned, executor, has been able to obtain a knowledge thereof, were, at the time of his decease, as follows:
",The firm or partnership of which the deceased was a member with Blake and Wardwell, were owing the said deceased the sum of $46,538.60. The undersigned being satisfied that the sum stated is correct, has agreed to receive of the said Blake and Wardwell, in full discharge of the capital and profits of the said deceased, the aforesaid sum. The said Blake and Wardwell have agreed to pay the said sum as soon as they can arrange their affairs to do so, and within a reasonable time. The undersigned is satisfied that the said arrangement is the best he could make for the interest of the estate, and that the payment will be made in due time."
He subsequently ($5000 of the sum having in the meantime been paid), rendered an account to the court of probate, in which he charged himself with a balance due from Wardwell and Blake, in this manner:
"April 30th, 1868, to amount due from Wardwell and Blake, $41,556 25."
In January, 1869, Beall, who was an officer of the army and expected to be ordered away from New Mexico, resigned his office of administrator, leaving the amount due from Blake and Wardwell unpaid: and in October, 1869, one Griffin was appointed administrator de bonis non to succeed him. Directly after this, that is to say, in November, 1869, a suit by the Territory of New Mexico, on the relation of this Griffin, was brought in the District Court for the county of Santa F6, against Beall as principal and Staab and the others, his sureties, upon the administration bond which he and they had given on his appointment.

Dec. 1872.]

BEALL V. NEW MEXICO.

Statement of the case.

The breaches of the bond assigned in the declaration were, in substance, that Hinckley's interest in the copartnership referred to, at the time of his death, was worth $60,000; that the effects of the firm consisted of merchandise, real estate, mines, and credits; and that Beall unlawfully and by verbal agreement disposed of the same for $46,500 to Wardu well and Blake, the surviving partners, thereby allowing the interest of the deceased to remain in their possession, and by them (and Beall) to be converted to their own use, and that he' neglected to pay over and account for the same; also, generally, that through his want of attention and neglect assets of the estate to the amount of $60,000 were wholly lost, wasted, and dissipated.
The ese having come on to be tried before a jury, Griffin, the administrator de bonis non, was examined as a witness for his own side of the case. He said:
On examination in chief-
"I had frequent conversations with Beall. I asked him why he had not taken some security; I told him I thought it was not safe; asked him if he had any note for the amount; he said he had not; all he had was in the inventory; when he sold the property, he supposed they would pay for it. After my appointment Beall delivered to me a paper [produced], purporting to be an abstract from the books of Hinckley, Blake, and Wardwell, showing the condition of the account of Hinckley with the firm, and said it was a true statement."
[The paper, which was a debit and credit account containing many items on both sides and ending in a balance of $46,588.60, was read to the jury.]
On cross-examination,the witness, being asked by the defendant's counsel if Beall had ever told him that he had sold linckley's interest to Blake and Wardwell, answered:
"I don't recollect that he ever told me so; I inferred so from 33eall's conversations, who treated it as a sale."
The judge charged the jury as follows:
"On the part of the plaintiff it is contended that Beall, as administrator of Hinckley, deceased, sold the interest of Hinck.

BEALL V. NEW MExIco.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

ley's estate in the property and effects of Hinckley, Blake, and Wardwell to Blake and Wardwell, the surviving partners of the firm, for the sim of $46,538.60, on credit, without taking any security for the same. In the opinion of the court, the statements of the inventory filed by Beall in the probate court, which are evidence in the cause, and the evidence of Elkins, establishes the fact of such sale. By selling this property on credit, Beall becomes personally liable in law to the estate for the amount for which the property was sold; and if the jury, from the evidence, arrive at the same conclusion with the court, they should find for the plaintiff, and assess his damages at $41,556, with interest at 6 per cent., such interest to commence six months after the inventory was filed, January 10th, 1867."

Under this charge the jury rendered a verdict in favor of the plaintiff, and assessed the damages at $48,000, upon which verdict judgment was entered. An appeal was taken to the Supreme Court of the Territory. An appeal bond was given, conditioned that the appellants should perform the judgment of the court, and pay the damages and costs that might be adjudged against them upon their said appeal.
There is a provision in the Revised Statutes of _New Mexico* which reads as follows:
"In case of appeal in civil suits, if the judgment by the appellate court be against the appellant, it shall be rendered against him and his securities on the appeal bond."

The 7th section of the organic act of the Territory,t provides-
"1That the legislative power of the Territory shall extend to
all rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the Constitution of the United States and the provisions of this act. All the laws passed by the Legislative Assembly and governor shall be submitted to the Congress of the United States, and if disapproved shall be null and of no effect."

There was no evidence that this law had ever been disapproved.
In pursuance of it, when the judgment was affirmed by

* Section 5, page 290.

f Brightly's Digest, p. 694.

Dec. 1872.]

BEALL V. NEW MEXICO. Opinion of the court.

the Supreme Court of the Territory, judgment was rendered against the appellants and the sureties upon the appeal bond.
The latter judgment was brought to this court by writ of error; the court being called upon to review as well certain errors which were alleged to affect the action itself, as others which were assigned upon a bill of exceptions taken at the trial of the cause.
The errors assigned were1st. That judgment was entered by the Supreme Court against the sureties of the appeal bond as well as against the appellants below. 2d. That an administrator de bonis non cannot maintain suit on the original administrator's bond. 3d. Other objections, as that the late administrator, Beall, had not been called to account in the probate court, and no decree had been passed against him, and that no order of the probate court was obtained for leave to prosecute the bond.
Mr. T. M. a-arts,for the plaintiff in error; Messrs. "W.W. McFarlandand L. P. Poland, contra.

Mr. Justice BRADLEY delivered the opinion of the court.
The first error assigned is, that judgment was entered by the Supreme Court against the sureties of the appeal bond as well as against the appellants below. This point depends on the question whether the statute of the Territory authorizing such a judgment is a valid one or not. As the legislative power of the Territory, by the organic act, extends to all rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the Consti-
tution of the United States, it would seem to extend to-such a case as this. A party who enters his name as surety on an appeal bond does it with a full knowledge of the responsibilities incurred. In view of the law relating to the subject it is equivalent to a consent that judgment shall be entered up against him if the appellant fails to sustain his appeal. If judgment may thus be entered on a recognizance, and against stipulators in admiralty, we see no reason in the
nature of things, or in the provisions of the Constiuation,

BEALL v. NEW MEXICO.
Opinion of the court.

[SuD. Ct.

why this effect should not be given to appeal bonds in other actions, if the legislature deems it expedient. No fundamental constitutional principle is involved; no fact is to be ascertained for the purpose of rendering the sureties liable, which is not apparent in the record itself; no object (except mere delay) can be subserved by compelling the appellees to bring a separate action on the appeal bond.
The next point made is a more serious one, to wit, that an administrator de bonis non cannot maintain suit on the original administrator's bond. It is true the action is brought in the name of the Territory of New Mexico, to which the bond was given, and is so far correct; but it is expressly brought "for the use and benefit of William W. Griffin, administrator de bonis non," and the whole frame of the petition is conceived on the theory that the duty of Beall to respond for defaults and devastavits in administration is owed to the administrator de bonis non. This does not seem to be the law as understood in England or in the States which derive their principles of jurisprudence from England, although in some States statutes have been passed making it the duty of an administrator who has been displaced, or of the representatives of one who has deceased, to account to the administrator de bonis non.* By the English law, as administered in the ecclesiastical courts, the administrator who is displaced, or the representatives of a deceased administrator or executor intestate, are required to account directly to the persons beneficially interested in the estate, distributees, next of kin, or creditors; and the accounting may be made or enforced in the probate court, which is the proper court to supervise the conduct of administrators and executors.t
* Williams on Executors, 443, note (1); do., 783, note (1), 4th American
edition; Wernick's Administrator v. McMurdo, 5 Randolph, 61; Hagthorp v. Hook, 1 Gill & Johnson, 270; Bank of Pen. v. Haldeman, 1 Penrose & Watts, 161 ; Kendall v. Lee, 2 Id. 482; Drenkle v. Sharman, 9 Watts, 48.5; Weld v. :McClure, lb. 495; Small's Estate, 5 Barr, 258; Carter v. Trueman, 7 Id. 320; Adams v. Johnson, 7 Blackford, 529; 2 Redfield's Law of Wills, 91 and note.
t lb.

Dec. 1872.]

BEALL V. NEW MEXICO. Opinion of the court.

To the administrator de bonis non is committed only the administration of the goods, chattels, and credits of the deceased which have not been administered. He is entitled to all the goods and personal estate which remain in specie. Money received by the former executor or administrator, in his character as such, and kept by itself, will be so regarded; but, if mixed with the administrator's own money it is considered as converted, or, technically speaking, "administered." I And all assets of the testator or intestate in the hands of third persons at the death of an administrator or executor intestate belong to the administrator de bonis non.* Of course debts and choses in action not reduced to possession belong to this category. In this case the claim of Hinckley's estate against his surviving partners is of this character. If anything can be realized therefrom by the prosecution of those partners, it is the duty of the administrator de bonis non to prosecute them, as much as it was his predecessor's duty to do so, before his discharge. But, for the delinquency of the former administrator in not prosecuting, he is responsible to the creditors, legatees, and distributees directly, and not to the administrator de bonis non. This is the result of the authorities referred to. And it follows that, as the administrator de bonis non has no claim against the former administrator on this ground, he cannot prosecute for it on the administration bond. It is said in Williams on Executors (referring to 1 Haggard's Ecclesiastical Reports, 189), that "if the original administrator be dead, and administration de bonis non has been obtained, such administrator may sue the executors of the deceased administrator at law on the administration bond, in the name of the ordinary; and the court will order the bond ' to be attended with,' in the common-law court, and produced at the hearing of the cause."t The authority referred to was the case of "The Goods of .Hall," in which the first administrator died without having distributed the assets in

* 1 Williams on Executors, 781, 4th American edition. t Vol. i, p. 444, 4th American edition; p. 514, 6th English edition.

BEALL V. NEW MEXICO.
Opinion of the court.

[Sup. Ct.

his hands, and leaving a considerable balance of the estate in the hands of his bankers. The administrator de bonis non having applied to the executors of the deceased administrator for his balance, and payment beinig refused, he commenced the action on the former administrator's bond, and the prerogative court sanctioned the proceeding. But this case was undoubtedly founded on the theory that the money in bank was a part of the original intestate's estate in specie, and, as such, that the administrator de bonis non was entitled to it. If specific effects of the estate remain in the hands of a discharged administrator or executor, or in the hands of his representatives, of course, the administrator de bonis non is entitled to receive them. And, if they are refused, he will be the proper person to institute suit on the bond to recover the amount. But this is perfectly consistent with the doctrine above expressed, that for delinquencies and devastavits be cannot sue his predecessor or his predecessor's representatives, either directly or on their administration bond.
We have been unable to find anything in the local laws or statutes 6f New Mexico establishing a different rule on this subject from that which prevails in States governed by the common law. The judgment must, therefore, be reversed for this ground alone, without reference to other errors assigned.

Other objections to the validity of the action are raisedas that the late administrator, Beall, has not been called to account in the probate court, and no decree has been passed against him, and that no order of the probate court was obtained for leave to prosecute the bond. Many authorities show that these preliminaries are necessary to sustain the action. They will be found generally collected in the text and notes of Williams on Executors, p. i, book v, c. iv, pp. 444-448, 4th American edition. Chief Justice Redfield
says: "The ordinary bond for faithful administration is not intended to transfer the jurisdiction of questions connected with such administration from the appropriate and exclusive

Dee. 1872.]

BEALL v. NIEw MExIco.

Opinion of the court.

sphere of the probate courts to that of the common-law courts. But these bonds are designed to secure the enforcement of the decrees of the probate court, after they are rendered against the executor or administrator, whereby his breach of duty is established in the proper forum."* The bond is taken by the probate court, and is subject to its control, and the money which may be recovered thereon is or-
dinarily to be paid into said court for distribution as assets of the estate, unless recovered to satisfy a particular judgment or decree.t These considerations seem to demonstrate the propriety of requiring the order of the probate court for prosecuting the bond.

Were not these considerations amply sufficient to decide the case, we should still be of opinion that the view taken by the court below on the trial, as to the nature and consequences of Beall's settlement with Hinckley's surviving .partners, was very questionable, and calculated to mislead the jury. Beall's account of this settlement, as contained in his inventory of the estate filed soon after the testator's death, was as follows:
"The property, rights, and credits of the said deceased, so far as the undersigned, executor, has been able to obtain a knowledge thereof, were, at the time of his decease, as follows:
"The firm or partnership of which he was a member.with Blake and Wardwell, at Fort Craig and other places in this Territory, were owing the said deceased the sum of $46,538.60. The undersigned, being satisfied that the sum stated is correct, has agreed to receive of the said Blake and Wardwell, in full discharge of the capital and profits of the said deceased, the aforesaid sum. The said Blake and Wardwell have agreed to pay the said sum as soon as they can arrange their affairs to do so, and within a reasonable time. The undersigned is satisfied that the said arrange-

* 2 Redfield's Law of Wills, 92. j See 1 Williams on Executors, 446, 4th American edition.

MITCHELL V. HAWLEY.

[Sup. Ct.

Syllabus.

ment is the best he could make for the interest of the estate, and that the payment will be made in due time."
The judge on the trial seemed to treat this statement as a clear admission of a sale; whereas in our judgment it was equally consistent with a mere liquidation of accounts; and
the witness, Elkins, who was called to testify as to Beall's conversations, was obliged to admit that Beall had never told him that it was a sale, but that be, the witness, only inferred that it was such. The testimony of this witness, and the inventory and accounts of the executor being all the material evidence on the subject, ought to have been left to the jury, as well as the evidence relating to the executor's negligence.
Regarding the transaction as clearly a sale, the judge instructed thejury that the administrator had rendered himself liable for the whole claim by not taking security for its payment; whereas, if it was merely a liquidation of the accounts he would only be liable for negligence (ifunder the circumstances of the case he was guilty of negligence) in enforcing the claims of the estate against the surviving partners.
However, the errors which lie at the foundation of the action preclude further trial, and require that the judgment should be unconditionally REVERSED, with directions to
DIsmISs THE PETITION.

MITCHELL v. HAWLEY.
a patentee of certain machines, whose original patent had still between six and seven years to run, conveyed to another person the "1right to make and use and to license to others the right to make and use four of the machines 7,in two States "during the remainder of the original term of the letters-patent, provided, that the said grantee shall not in any way or form dispose of, sell, or grant any license to use the said machines beyond the said term." The patent having, towards the expiration of the original term, been extended for seven years, held, that an injunction by a grantee of the extended term would lay to restrain the use of the four machines, they being in use after the term of the original patent had expired.

Dec. 1872.]

DUNCAN V. JAUDON.

Statement of the case.

evidence. But the loss of many title papers was proved. The heirs of Bacon made no claim, and disclaimed all intention of claiming. The plaintiff, and those under whom he claimed, had taken charge of the land, and kept it from 1815 till 1839, paying taxes. Then all the heirs of Smith quitclaimed to the Oberlin Collegiate Institute, whose title the plaintiff has. From 1826, possession has attended the claim, without challenge. Whether these facts, and others of which .evidence was given, justified a presumption of a grant from the other heirs of Bacon was, of course, a question for the jury, in regard to which no instruction to the jury was asked. Nor are we informed what directions, if any, were given. In this part of the case there is, consequently nothing for us to review. And in the part of the charge to which exception was taken, we perceive no error.
JUDGMENT AFFIRMED.

DUNCAN V. JAUDON.
1. A person lending money to a trustee on a pledge of trust stocks, and selling the stocks for repayment of the loan, will be compelled to account for them, if he have either actual or constructive notice that the trustee was abusing his trust, and applying the money lent to his own purposes.
2. The lender will be held to have had this notice when the certificates of the stocks pledged show on their face that the stock is held in trust, and when, apparently, the loan was for a private purpose of the trustee, and this fact would have been revealed by an inquiry.
3. The duty of inquiry is imposed on a lender lending on stocks, where the certificate of them reveals a trust.
4. These principles are not affected by the fact that the stocks pledged may be such as the trustee under the instrument creating his trust had no right to invest in; as ex. gr., stock of a canal company, when he was bound to invest in State or Federal loans.
5. Notice to the cashier of a bank, or of bankers, that the stock pledged is trust stock, is notice to them.
A-PPEAL from a decree of the Circuit Court for the Southern District of New York. The case was thus:
In 1833 Commodore William Bainbridge, a resident of

DUNCAN V. JAUDON. Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ot.-

Philadelphia, died, leaving four daughters, one of whom was Mary T. B., subsequently the wife of Charles Jaudon. By his will he left to two trustees a considerable sum of money, directing them to invest the same in the stocks of the United States, or the stocks or funds of any individual State, and to bold the same in trust for his several daughters; one-fourth for his daughter Mary, the interest to be paid to her, " for her sole use and benefit during her natural life, and at the end of her natural life, the amount so invested to be equally. divided between her children." The property left by the Commodore was invested by his trustees as the will directed, chiefly in five per cent. loans of Pennsylvania,' and the interest was properly paid to the daughters. The interest received from the Pennsylvania loans, five per cent., was less than the cestui que trusts were content with; but the trustees appointed in the will would not depart from the directions imposed on them by it as to the class of investments in which they could invest; and becoming thus unacceptable to the cestui que trusts, they were discharged, in 1835, at their own request, from their trust, and surrendered the estate under their care to Samuel Jaudon, whom, on the consent of Mrs. Jaudon, the court appointed, without security, to bd trustee, in the place of the trustees named in the will.*
The Pennsylvania five per cent. stock was now soon sold, and the proceeds invested by Samuel Jaudon in the stock of the Delaware and Raritan Canal Company, according to an arrangement previously made with the eestui que trusts; the new stock being one of a high character in its class, and which has paid for many years, with great regularity, ten per cent. a year dividend, with occasional large extra dividends. Mrs. M. T. B. Jaudon got thus finally 117 shares of this stock. The certificates, of which there were several, all ran thus:
"This is to certify that S. Jaudon, trustee for Mrs. Mary T. B. Jaudon, is entitled to seventy shares in the capital stock of the

* The new trustee was a brother of Charles Jaudon, the husband of Mrs. Xk. T. B. Jaudon.

Dec. 1872.]

DUNCAN V. JAUDON.

Statement of the case.

Delaware and Raritan Canal Company. . . Transferable on the books of the Company, and on surrender of this certificate only by him or his legal representative."
This investment was made very soon after the new trustee was appointed. A similar one was made for all the sisters, and was perfectly agreeable to them all. Mrs. Jaudon considered that the trustee was "acting very judiciously, and was very glad of it."
In this state of things Samuel Jaudon, who had been dealing largely on his own account in a stock known as "Broad Top Coal and Iron Stock," a speculative stock of no established value, applied in 1865 to the National City Bank of New York to lend him money on 47 shares of this stock. They agreed to do so, and he delivered to the cashier of the bank the certificates standing in his name as trustee, executing also a power of attorney to sell in case of nonpayment of the loan; the power describing him as "S. Jaudo, trusteefor Jlrs. l. T. B. .Jaudon," and he signing himself in the same way. This dealing of Jaudon with the City Bank, based on the stock in question, and commencing in 1865, extended through a term of two years. During this time ten separate loans were made to him oil the pledge of the 47 shares of the canal stock. The securities were returned to Jaudon whenever he paid up the amount of a loan, and redelivered to the bank each time a new loan was effected. In December, 1867, when the last loan matured, the bank, being unwilling to renew it, and Jaudon unable to pay it, sold the stock by the direction of Jaudon, and applied the proceeds of the sale to the payment of its debt.
A few months prior to this sale, that is to say, in July,1867, Jaudon, wanting more money, applied to Duncan, Sherman & Co., bankers of New York, with one of which firm, William Butler Duncan, he had had ancient relations, and with whom alone lie spoke in the matter, for a loan of $7000 at 90 days; telling him that he had securities to offer, and naming them,-the remaining 70 shares of the canal stock, like that pledged to the bank, declared on its face to be "in trust for Mrs. M. T. B. Jandon." "Upon the faith of

DUNCAN V. JAUDON.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

the collaterals," and "to oblige" Jaudon, the proposition was accepted by Mr. Duncan, who told his cashier to attend to the matter. The cashier accordingly lent Jaudon the money, taking the certificates for the 70 shares, and a power.to sell like those inthe other case, in which he both described and signed himself as " trustee of Mrs. -M1. T. B. Jaudon." Jandon failing on the maturity of the loan to pay it, the stock was sold. There was no evidence that any of the principals of the house of Duncan, Sherman & Co. had seen the certificates or powers, or had any personal knowledge of the fact that Mrs. Jaudou claimed any interest in them. But their clerk did see the certificates; and it was testified by Air. W. B. Duncan, that "without the collaterals he certainly would not have made the loan."
Mrs. Jaudon was absolutely ignorant of all that was done, until after the stock was sold, when Samuel Jaudon disclosed the history to her.
There was no doubt that every one of these loans, whether by the City Bank or by Duncan, Sherman & Co., were to Jaudon in his personal character and for his individual use, and that the money obtained was applied to discharge liabilities incurred in the purchase or carrying of the Broad Top coal stock, in which he was at the time dealing on his own account; taking in his own name, and without the exhibition of any trust whatever, certificates for what he bought.
Jaudon being insolvent, Mrs. Jaudon now filed a bill in the court below against him, Duncan, Sherman & Co., and the National City Bank, to reach the proceeds of the property which he had disposed of. Jaudon was himself examined *as a witness, and narrated with apparent general candor the history of the transaction. IHe stated, however, in reply to questions inviting such answers, that from his conversations with his sister-in-law (the complainant), it was his general understanding that any changes in investment which he deemed advisable would be approved by her; and that if the investment in Broad Top stock had resulted as he had anticipated, her income would have been further increased; and that in making a purchase of the stock his intention was "to

Dec. 1872.]

DU.NCAN V. JAUDON.

Argument for the lenders.

surprise hef by giving her something that was worth a great deal more than all the rest." With all this he stated, however, that he had never had any conversation whatever with his sister-in-law on the subject of changing the investment made in the canal stock.
The court below decreed that Duncan, Sherman & Co. should account for the value of the 70 shares pledged to them and sold, with the dividends and other proceeds that would have been received thereon, including interest on the dividends had they not been diverted from the trust. And that the bank should do the same by the 47 shares pledged to them and sold.
Both Duncan, Sherman & Co. and the City Bank appealed.

31r. . W. McFarland,for Duncan, Sherman "Co.; Mr. W EI. Arnoux, for the National City Banc, appellant:
Assuming that both of the defendants are to be charged with constructive notice that the stock in question was'held subject to some trust, from the circumstance that the word trustee appeared upon the face of the certificates, a presumption impossible to make in regard to Duncan, Sherman & Co., no member of which firm ever saw the certificatessuch notice cast upon the defendants no other duty than that of ascertaining whether the power to sell and buy securities, ordinarily attending the title to such securities, had been in this case lawfully withheld from the trustee by the terms of the trust.*:*
While in the case of executors the law implies the power to dispose of the personal assets, and a purchaser may, as a rule, assume its existence without inquiry, and while in the

- Ashton v. Atlantic Bank, 3 Allen, 217; Albert v.Savings Bank, I Mary-
land Chancery Decisions, 408; Atkinson v. Atkinson, 8 Alien, 15; Pennsylvania Life Insurance Co. v.Austin, 42 Pennsylvania State, 257; Garrard V. :Pittsburg and Connellsville, &c., Co., 29 Id. 164; Dodson v.Simpson, 2 Randolph, 294; Tillinghast v. Champlin, 4 Rhode Island, 173, 213; Field v.Schieffelin, 7 Johnson's Chancery, 160; McLeod v.Drummond, 14 Vesey, 363.

DUNCAN V. JAUDON.

[Sup. Ct.

Argument for the lenders.

case of strict trustees, where the purchaser has notice of the existence of the trust, it may be necessary for him to ascertain that the power of sale has not been withheld by the terms of the trust; nevertheless, unless it has been withheld, and the trustee is therefore unable to sell without committing a breach of trust, the principles of law, which govern both cases, are from that point forward the same, and are so treated in all the authorities.
In cases where it is the duty of the purchaser to inquire into the trustee's power to sell, and he finds that he possesses this power, and may sell, without by the act of sale committing a breach of trust, he has the right to presume, as the law presumes, in favor of honesty and against fraud.*
There are a few cases in which the purchaser is bound to see to the application of the purchase-money. To this class the foregoing observations are of course inapplicable, but to this class the case at bar does not belong.
2. A pledge or mortgage stands upon the same footing, and is governed by the same principles as a sale, it being but a part execution of the larger power, and the exercise of which may be just as beneficial to the beneficiaries.t
3. There was no violation of the trust in question by the trustee in disposing of the canal stock. It did not even belong to any of the cla ses of securitips in which the testator expressed a desire to have his estate invested. For aught that the defendants knew, it might have been the intention, as perhaps it was the duty of the trustee, by raising the' money in question, to reinvest the trust funds in the class of securities contemplated by the testator. The testator's express desire in regard to the character of the investment of the trust funds, was disregarded with the consent and at the solicitation of the beneficiaries, in hopes of thus securing a larger income.
4. The evidence of Mr. Jaudon shows that it was left largely to him by this cestld que trust, his sister-in-law, in

* Broom's Legal Maxims, 911 ?
t Petrie v. Clark, 11 Sergeant & Rawle, 388; Miles v. Durnford, 2 Simons (New Series), 234; Russell v. Plaice, 18 Bevan, 21.

Dec. 1872.]

DUNCAN V. JAUDON.

Opinion of the court.

what security to invest. There had been a complete departure from the terms of the will by the investment in canal shares. The change to Broad Top stock was no greater than that was. Mr. Jaudon considered the Broad Top a promising investment, and hoped to surprise his sister-inlaw by a most agreeable accession to her income. He meant to reinvest the trust moneys produced by the sale of canal shares in this new stock. This, no doubt, it was wrong in him to do; but not more wrong than what he had already done; and in one case, as in the other, he meant all for the best. But the canal stock having been sold really to make a trust reinvestment, neither Duncan, Sherman & Co., nor the bank can be made liable for the failure of the new fund; though, of course, Mr. Jaudon can be for violating the directions of his testator.

.r. T. B. Srong, contra.

Mr. Justice DAVIS delivered the opinion of the court.
It is too plain for controversy that Samuel Jaudon committed a gross breach of trust in allowing the shares of stock in the Delaware and Raritan Canal Company to be disposed of and applied in the manner they were; but as he is insolvent, and the specific property cannot be reclaimed, the inquiry arises whether the appellants, with whom the shares were pledged and for whose benefit they were sold, or the cestid que trust, shall bear the loss occasioned by his misconduct.
It is argued that the appellants bear a different relation to this stock from what would be the case if the investment in it had .been authorized by the terms of the will. It is true the will directed iivestments to be made in government or State stocks, and on this account the conversion by Jaudoa of the State stocks on hand into canal stock, was a wrongful act and a breach of trust. But the cestui que trust was at liberty to approve or reject this unauthorized proceeding, and her decision on the subject concerned no one not interested in the trust estate. She elected to approve it after she

1,72

DUNCAN V. JAUDON.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

learned of the occurrence, and by doing this adopted the new investment and waived the breach of trust. But her waiver on that occasion did not bind her to observe the same line of conduct in case of further violation of duty. It would be absurd to suppose because she ratified this transaction she intended to assent to future breaches of trust. Indeed, it is quite clear from the evidence that she acquiesced in the arrangement because her relatives who had charge of the estate advised it. In the nature of the case, she could not have had that sort of information on such a subject on which to base a correct judgment, and, therefore, necessarily relied for the security of her rights on the counsel of older and more experienced persons in whom she placed confidence. It is due to the trustee to say that the change of investment was a family arrangement, in order to obtain a
greater income, and that the stock selected for this purpose was one of the best of its kind that the market afforded.
Although it is wrong in any case for trustees under a will, in making investments, to depart from the rule prescribed by the testator, yet if it is done, and acquiesced in by the party in interest, and there is no interference by the court having charge of the trust, the right of action to the cestui que trust for an illegal disposition of the property thus substituted is not affected by reason of this departure. It is still an estate held in trust for the beneficiary under the will, and to be protected equally with an investment made strictly in accordance with the terms of the will. It follows, then, that the relation of those having dealings with the trustee,
based on shares of stock held in this way, is not changed by reason that the original purchase was not in accordance with the directions of the testator.
This brings us to a consideration of the particular trans-' actions on which the claim for relief in these cases is founded. The dealings of Jaudon with the City Bank, based on the stock in question, commenced in 1865 and extended through a period of two years.
The dealing with Duncan, Sherman & Co. was confined to a single transaction.

Dec. 1872.]

DUNCAN V. JAUDON. Opinion of the court.

The evidence leaves no room for doubt that each and all of the loans were to Jaudon in his personal character and for his individual use, and that the money obtained was applied to discharge liabilities incurred in the purchase, or carrying, of Broad Top coal stock, a speculative stock of no established reputation, in which he was at the time dealing on his own account. *
It is true, when he borrowed the money he had no expectation of resorting to the trust funds to repay it, but his good intention in this respect furnishes no excuse for his conduct. It was wrong for him, under any state of circumstance, to pledge the stock in order to obtain money for his personal wants. He held .a fiduciary relation to it, and yet used it as if it were his own, and bargained for the consequences which followed, although the necessity for the ultimate sale of it was not anticipated by him at the time he pledged it. If the law allowed the property of the cestui que trust to be treated in this manner there would be little encouragement to vest an estate in trustees for the benefit of others.
It is argued that the several transactions of Jaudon with the bank and Duncan, Sherman & Co. were really, on his part, for the purpose of reinvesting the trust funds. How can this be, when he had not a thought at the time he got the money of failure to pay it? His speculations, then, were on his own account, and, like all sanguine men whodeal in stocks, he had full fhith that the venture in which he was engaged would prove remunerative. The idea of reinvestment was an afterthought, occurring at the time he found himself unable to pay, and obliged, as he supposed, to part with the property of his cestui que trust, And even then it did not assume the shape of a settled purpose, but only an intention to offer the injured party Broad Top security, in which he was operating, for the canal stock, which he was about to appropriate to his own necessities. It is natural that a trustee who makes use of trust property to pay his own debts, without a deliberate design to defraud, should intend, at some future time, to put the party wronged by

DUNCAN V. JAUDON.

[Snp. Ot.

Opinion of the court.

him in as good a position as before; but can such an intention be treated as a purpose to reinvest the trust funds in the securities in which the trustee is privately speculating? If it can, personal property in the hands of trustees, be the declaration of trust ever so specific, is in a very unsafe condition. The stock was not sold because it was desirable to change the investment, but for the simple reason that it had been pledged, and it was pledged for the sole object of en-
abling Jaudon to obtain money to advance his personal ends. If therefore, there had been occasion for making a reinvestment, and authority to do it, the transactions in question had no reference to any such object.
But why change the investment, when the canal stock, one of the Inost stable of its kind in the country, was paying on the average- a semi-annual dividend of 5 per cent. If it were allowable under the will to invest in the stock of private corporations at all, few more desirable than this were accessible. Experience had shown that it was safe and yielded a large income, and no prudent trustee having once
invested in it, and had his conduct approved, looking alone to the interest of his eestui que trust, would take the hazard of selling it aid purchasing another. But there was no authority to sell it, even were it desirable to do so, or to deal with it so that a sale might become necessary. If Jaudoa thought so there was no foundation for his belief, and he is compelled to admit, although his whole testimony is an effort to justify his conduct, that he never had any conversation with his eestui que trust on the subject of changing this stock.
It was treated by all concerned, during the long course of years in which it was held in trust, as a most desirable investment, and no thought of substituting other securities for it was eveit entertained by any one, until the idea occurred to Jaudon as a means of escape from the embarrassment in which he was placed by the unlawful use lie made of it. The cestui que trust not only never gave consent to pledge or sell it, but had no reason to suppose that the trus-
tee would attempt anything of the kind; nor has she said or done anything, fairly interpreted, which tends even to relieve

IDec. 1872.]

DUNCAN V. JAUDON. Opinion of the court.

the trustee from the legal responsibility which pertains to the administration of the trust estate.
It follows, then, that the use of the stocks by Jaudon in his transactions with the bank and Duncan, Sherman & Go. was, on his part, a flagrant breach of trust, without either justification or excuse. If so, are they blameless? They cannot be, if they had actual or constructive notice that the trustee was abusing lis trust and applying the proceeds of the loans to his own use. As we have seen, the loans were for no purpose connected with the trust, but for Jaudon's own benefit, and the face of the papers given as collateral security for the debts thus incurred informed the parties dealing with him that he held the stock as trustee for Mrs. Mary T. B. Jaudon, and inquiry would have revealed the fhet that the use to which the stock was put was unauthorized.
The duty of making such inquiry was imposed on these parties, for it is out of the cominon course of business to take corporate stock held in trust, as security for the trustee's own debt. The party taking such stock on pledge
deals with it at his peril, for there is no presumption of a right to sell it, as there is in the case of an executor. In the former case the property is held for custody, in the latter for administration.
It matters not whether the stock is pledged for an ante-
cedent debt of the trustee or for money lent him at the time. It is unlawful to use it for either purpose.
In Lowry v. Commercial and Farmers'Bank of Maryland,* which was a case of misappropriation of corporate stock by an executor, Chief Justice Taney held "that if a party dealing with an executor has, at the time, reasonable ground for believing that he intends to misapply the money, or is, in the very transaction, applying it to his own private use, the
party so dealing is responsible to the persons injured." And the Supreme Court of Massachusetts, in a recent case,t

* Taney's Circuit Court Decisions, 310. t Shaw v. Spencer and others, 100 Massachusetts, 389.

DUNCAN V. JAUDON.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

in its essential features like the case at bar, decides that if a certificate of stock, expressed in the name of "A. B. Trustee," is by him pledged to secure his own debt, the pledgee is, by the terms of the certificate, put on inquiry as to the character and limitations of the trust, and, if he accepts the pledge without inquiry, does so at his peril. In that case the cesiui que trust was not named in the certificate, and the court remarked that, if it were so, the duty of inquiry would hardly be controverted.
If these propositions are sound, and we entertain no d(ubt on the point, the liability of the appellants for the conversion of the stock belonging to Mrs. Jaudon cannot be an open question. They either knew, or ought to have known, that Jaudon was operating on his own account, and are chargeable with constructive notice of everything which, upon inquiry, they could have ascertained from the cestui que trust.
If this inquiry had been pursued they could not have failed to discover the nature and foundation of the trust, and that the trustee had no right to pledge the stock for any purpose. The bank, in its dealings with Jaudon, was guilty of gross negligence, and, in consequence of this, inflicted serious injury upon an innocent person. It may be that the cashier never inquired of Jaudon what he wanted with the money, but nine successive loans to him in one year, each time on the pledge of the same trust security, was evidence enough to satisfy any reasonable man that the money was wanted for private uses, and not for any honest purpose connected with the administration of the trust.
Duncan, Sherman & Co., although intending no wrong, cannot escape their share of responsibility. Duncan lent the money to Jaudon to oblige him, and, in the very nature of the transaction, he did it for Jaudon's private accommodation. On making the application Jaudou told him he had securities to offer, naming them, and naturally he supposed they were Jaudon's own property. It is his misfortune that he turned them over to his cashier, with directions to accommodate Jaudon, without having personally examined them. If he had made this examination, we are persuaded

Dec. 1872.]

BROWN V. HIATTS.

Statement of the case.

the cestui que trust would have had no occasion to be dissatisfied with his conduct.
It is needless to argue that Duncan is bound by the notice communicated to the cashier when he received the certificate and concluded the business with Jaudon.
Without pursuing the subject further, we are satisfied that the decrees below should be
AFFIRMED.

BROWN v. HIATTS.
I. Statutes of limitation of the several States did not run during the late civil war against the right of action of parties upon contracts made previous to, and maturing after, the commencement of the war.
2. Interest on loans made previous to, and maturing after, the commencement of the war ceased to run during the subsequent continuance of the war, although interest was stipulated in the contract.
3. These doctrines held in a case where a mortgagee, who was a citizen and resident of Virginia, one of the Confederate States, brought a suit, after the close of the war, upon a bond and mortgage executed by citizens of Kansas, one of the loyal States, previous to the war, but which matured a month after the commencement of the war.
4. It having been held that the civil war commenced in Virginia at the date of the proclamation of the President of intended blockade of her ports, April 27th, 1861, and to hav ended, so far as the statutes of limitation are concerned, on his proclamation of its close, April 2d, 1866, the period between those dates must be deducted in the computation of the time during which the statute of Kansas had run against the right of action of the mortgagee on the said bond and mortgage.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court for the District of Kansas; the case being thus:

Brown filed a bill against Hiatt and wife to foreclose a mortgage, executed by the latter persons upon certain real property in Kansas, to secure their joint and several bond for $2400, with interest, and to obtain a sale of the mortgaged premises for its payment. The case was thus:
On the 29th of M'ay, 1860, Brown, who was then and still is a citizen and resident of Virginia, being at the time in

VOL. xv.

12

