JUDGES
OF THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
DURING THE TIME OF THESE REPORTS.

CHIEF JUSTICE.
1 R0N. MORRISON R. WAITE.

ASSOCIATES.

HON. NATHAN CLIFFORD,
HON. SAMUEL F. MILLER,
HON. STEPHEN J. FIELD,
RON. JOSEPH P. BRADLEY,

HON. NOAH H. SWAYNE, HON. DAVID DAVIS, HON. WILLIAM STRONG, HON. WARD HUNT.

ATTORNE Y-GENERAL. HON. GEORGE HENRY WILLIAMS.

SOLICITOR-GENERA L. HON. SAMUEL FIELD PHILLIPS.

CLERK. DANIEL WESLEY MIDDLETON, ESQUIRE.

BASEY V. GALLAGHER.

[Sup. ot.

Opinion of the court.

We are satisfied that the right claimed by the plaintiffs is one which, under the customs, laws, and decisions of the courts of the Territory, and the act of Congress, should be recognized and protected.
DECREE AFFIRMED.

ERRATUm.
The reader will please to consider what is below as inserted on page 591, after the last clause of the syllabus of MHrdock v. City of Memphis, and as paragralh 9 thereof; and also to consider the same thing as inserted in the Index, en page 698, as a paragraph between the paragraphs 2 and 3 of the title "Jurisdiction," now there.
Where an act of Congress calls into operative, effect a provision in a deed, in virtue of which provision thus called into effect, a party claims title and right in such a way that, confessedly, but for the act, no suit would lie,
the party so claiming claims a "1title "7and "1right " " under ," a statute of the United States within the meaning of the act of February 5th, 1867; and if the decision is against the title and right thus set up and claimed, jurisdiction exists here to re-examine.

GENERAL RULES.
AMENDMENZ TO TEE SIXTH RULE.-M0TIOIN-DAY.
The court will not hear arguments on Saturday (unless for special cause it shall order to the contrary), but will devote that day to the other business of the court; the motion-day shall be Monday of each week, in lieu of Friday, and motions .not .required by the rules of the court to be put-on the docket shall be entitled to preference immediately after the reading of opinions, if such motions shall be made before the court shall have entered upon the hearing of a cause upon the docket.
[Promulgated December 14th, 1874.]
AMENDMENT TO TiE FIFTEENTH RIULE.-DEATH OF A PARTY.
When either party to a suit in the Circuit Courts of the United States shall desire to prosecute a writ of erior or appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States from any final judgment or decree, rendered in said Circuit Courts, and at-the time of suing out such writ of error or appeal the other party to the suit shall b- dead, and have no proper representative within the jurisdic'tion of the court which rendered such final judgment or decree, so that the suit cannot be revived in that court, but shall have a proper representativo in some State or Territory of the United States, the party desiring such writ of error or appeal may procure the same and may supersede or stay proceedings on such judgment or decree in the same manner as is now allowed by law in other cases, and shall thereupon proceed with such writ of error or appeal as in other cases. And within thirty days after the commencement of the court to which such writ of error or appeal is returnable the plaintiff in error, or appellant, shall make a suggestion to the court, supported by affidavit, that the said party was dead when the writ of error or appeal
( xv)

XVl

GENERAL RULES.

was taken or sued out, and had no proper representative within the jurisdiction of the court which rendered said judgment or decree, so that the suit could not be revived in that court, and that said party kad a proper representative in some State or Territory of the United States, and stating therein the name and character of such representative, and the State or Territory in which such representative resides; and upon such suggestion be may, on motion, obtain-an order that, unless such representative shall make himself a party within the first ten days of the ensuing term of the court, the plaintiff in error or appellant shall be entitled to open the record, and on hearing have the judgment or decree reversed, if the same be erroneous: Provided, however, that a proper citation reciting the substance of such order shall be served upon such representative, Cilier personal y'or by being left at his residence, at least sixty days before the beginning of the term of the Supreme Court then next ensuing; and provided, also, that in every such case, if the representative of the deceased party does not appear by the .tenth day of the term next succeeding said suggestion, and the measures above provided to compel the appearance'of such representative have not'been taken within the time as above required, by the opposite party, the case shall abate;'and provided, also, that the said representative may at any time before or after said suggestion come in and be made a party to.the suit, and thereupon the cause shall proceed, and be heard and determined as in other cases.
[Promulgated January 12th, 1875.]

AMENDMENT TO THE TWENTIETH RULE.-PRINTED ARGUMENTS.
No brief or argument will be received, either through the clerk or otberwise, after a case has been argued or submitted, except upon leave granted in open court after notice to opposing counsel.
[Promulgated December 14th, 1874.]

AMENDMENT TO THE TWENTY-SIXTH RULE.-CALL OF THE DOCKET.
If, after a cause has been passed under circumstances which do not place it at the foot of the docket, the parties shall desire .to have it heard, they may file with the clerk their joint request to that effect, and the cause shall then be by him-reinstated for

GENERAL RULES.

Xvii

call ten cases after that under argument, or next to be called at the end of the day the request is filed. If the parties will nvt unite in such a request, eitiher may move to Lake up the cause, and it shall then be assigned to such place upon the docket as the court may direct.
No stipulation to pass a cause without placing it at the foot of the docket will be recognized as binding upon the court. A cause can only be so passed upon application made and leave granted in open court.
[Promulgated January 18th, 1875.]

TABLE OF CASES.

PAGE

Ambler v. Whipple,

546

American Telegraph Company, Rumaston v.

20

Atchison v. Petdrson,

507

Atlantic Insurance Company v. Stockdale,.

323

Avery v, Hackley,

407

Bailey, Pollard v.

Baker, Cadle v.

Baltimore aud Ohio Railroad Company v. Maryland,

Bank, First National of Troy v. Cooper,

NNational of Washington v. Texas,

Baring, Insurance Company v.

Basey et al. v. Gallagher,

Bell., Wilson v. (The Lottawanna),

Belle of the Sea, .

Blossburg and Corning Railroad, Tioga Railroad v.

Boley v. Griswold,

Brown, City of Memphis v.

и

Bullard, Gilette v.

-

.

Burton v. Driggs,

520 650 643 171
72 159 670 201 421 137 486 289 571 , 125

Cadle v. Baker,

..

650

Cannon v. Neiv Orleans,

.

.577

Citizens' Saving and Loan Association of Cleveland v. To-

peka,

ии655

City of Iowa, Clark v..

и

583

MMemphis v. Brown,

.

289

Murdock v.

.

..

590

" New Orleans, Canpon v. " Topeka, Loan Association v ....

. ░577 655

Clark v. Iowa City,.

583

GCleveland, Citizens' Saving and Loan Association of v:Totieka, .655

( xix )

TABLE OF CASES.

Clough, Packet Company v. Collector The, Pahlman v. Colt, Insurance Company v. Confiscation Cases, The Conrad's Lots, case of .Cooper, Bank v.. Cornett v. Williams, Creighton v. Kehr,
Driggs, Burton v.
Equitable Insurance Company v. Hearne, Express Company v. Ware,

Ferris v. Higley, . First National Bank of Troy v. Cooper, Folger, Habich v. Franklin Insurance Company v. Colt, Fritton, Mays v..
Gallagher, Basey et al. v. Gill, United States v. Gillette v. Bullard, Gieely, Simpson v. Griswold, Boley v.

IHabich -v. Folger, Hackley, Avery v. Hailes v. Van Wormer, Hearne, Equitable Insurance Company v.
"4 v. Marine Insurance Company,
Herron, United States v. Higley, Ferris v.. Home Insurance Company v. Morse, . Howard, Rubber-Tip Pencil Company v. Humaston v. Telegraph Company,

Insurance Company v. Baring,

c

"

V. Colt,

v. Hearne,

Hearne v.

PAGE

528

189

560

92, 114, 115

115

171

" .

226

8

125

494 543

. 375 171 1 560 414

670 517 571 * 152 486

TABLE OF CASES.

xxi

PAGE

Insurance Company v. Morse,

445

cc

z

Stockdale v.

323

Iowa City, Clark v.

583

Jemison, Treat v.

652

Johnson, Parcels v.

653

Kehr, Creighton v.

8

i v. Smith,

31

Knapp v.Railroad Company,

117

Lapsley, McPhaul v.

264

Loan Association v. Topeka,

655

Longstruth v. Pennock,

575.

Lottawanna, The.

201

-Lyon v. Pollard,

403

McPhaul "v.Lapsley,

264

McQuiddy v. Ware,

14

McStea, Mathews v.

646

Macuard et al.; Claims of

114

Maguire, North Missouri Railroad Company v.

46

" Pacific Railroad Company v.

36

Marine Insurance Company, learnc v.

488

Maryland, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company v.

643

Mathews v. McStea',

.646

Mayor of Memphis v. Brown,

289

Murdock v.

590

Mays v. Fritton,

414

Memphis, Mayor of; v. Brown,

289

CC

cc Murdock v..

590

Merchants' Mutual Insurance Company v. Baring,

159

Metropolitan Washing Machine Company v. Tool Company, 342

Montello, The

430

Morse, Insurance Company v.

445

Murdock v. City of Memphis,

590

Nash v. Williams,

226

National Bank of Troy v. Cooper,

171

&C

&C Washington v. Texas,

72

XXil

TABLE OF CASES.

PAGE

New England Marine Insurance Company, Hearne v.

488

New Orleans, Cannon v.

577

"

v. Steamship Company,

887

New York Steamship Company, New Orleans v.

387

North Missouri Railroad v. Maguire,

46

Oregon Steam Navigation Company v. Winsor,.

61

Pacific Railroad Company v. Maguire, ,

36

Packet Company v. Clough,

528

Pahlman v. The Collector,

189

Parcels v. Johnson,

653

Pennock, Longstreth v.

575

Peterson, Atchison v..

507

Pollard v. Bailey,

.. 520

' Lyon v. .

403

Providence Tool Company, Washing Machine Company v. 342

Railroad Company, Knapp v.

c

cc

v. Maguirej . .

-C

i-

v. Maryland,

Roach v. Summers, Rubber-Tip Pencil Company v. Howard,

117 36,46
643 165 498

S. B. Wheeler, The

Simpson v. Greely,

Slidell's Land, Case of.

Smith, Kehr v ..

.Sprott v. United States,

Steam Navigation Company, Oregon v.

Steamship Company, New Orleans v.

Stockdale v. The Insurance Companies,

Summers; Roach v.

.

и Winsor,

385 152 92 31 459
387
.323
165

Telegraph Company, Humaston v. Texas, National Bank of Washington v. The Collector, Pahlman v..
" Confiscation Cases,
Lottawanna, Montello, S. B. Wheeler, .

20 72 189 92, 114, 115 201 430 385

TABLE OF CASES. ░..i

PAGE

The Steamship Company, New Orleans v..

387

Twenty per cent. Cases,

179

" Union Packet Company v. Clough,

528

Tioga Railroad v. Blossburg and Corning Railroad,

137

Titus v. United States,

475

Tool Company, Washing Machine Company v..

342

Topeka, Loan Association v.

655

Treat v. Jemison,

652

Troy and Boston Railroad Company, Knapp v..

117

Twenty per cent. Cases, The

179

Union Packet Company v. Clough,

528

United States v. Conrad's Lots, .

115.

c

v. Gill, .

517

"

4 v. Herron,

251

"

c v. Slidell's Land, .

92

"

" Sprott v.

459

"

" Titus v.

475

c

C Express Company v. Ware,.

543

Van Wormer, Hailes v.

353

Ware, Express Company v.

543

" McQuiddy v.

14

Washing Machine Company v. Tool Company,

342

Washington, National Bank of, v. Texas

72

Wheeler, The S. B.

385

Whipple, Ambler v.

546

Williams, Cornett v.

226

Wilson v. Bell (The Lottawanna),

201

Winsor, Oregon Steam Navigation Company v..

64

INDEX.

ABANDONMENT OF'CONTRACT. See Contract, 4.

ACCORD AND SATISFACTION. See Equit., 4.

ACTION. See Asu.??psit; Equity; Quantum Valebat; Release of Action.

ADJUSTERS OF AVERAGE. See Bottomry Bond.

ADMIRALTY. See Collisiqn; Practice,6, 7; Proceedingin rem.
1. Where. claims on tilperoceeds in the registry of a vessel sold are not maritime liens, the District Court can'not.distribut6 those prciceeds in payment of thb claims if the ownep of~the vessel oppose such distribution. The Lottawanna, 201.
2. A creditor by judgment ina State court, of the owners of the vessel, even though he-have a decree inpersonamalso in the admiralty against them, cannot seize, or attach', on execution, proceeds of the vessel in the registry of the admiralty. I-b.
8. Advances made in a foreign port to equip a vessel, and to procure for her a cargo to a port. of destinationi, ire priin facid presumed to'be made on the credi6 of the vessel. They are a lien 'on th6 vessel and constitute an insurable interest. Insurance Company v. Baring,159.

ADVANCES TO VESSEL. See Admiralty, 8.

AGENT. See Evidence, 1;, Insurance,4, 5. The Supreme Court will not,'except in a case of clear mistake, reverse a consentaneous decree of the District and Circuit Courts on question"
of fact. The S. B. Wheler, 885.

APPEAL. See Practice;1,6, 7. When in a proceeding in remAan appeal is taken to the Circuit Court from a decree of the District Court,'the res or its proceeds follows the cause into the former court. The Lottawanna, 201.

APPEARANCE.
The effect of a general appearance by an attorney, and of his withdrawal :of appearance afterwards; these matters considered and effect given, to a general appearance for a defendant, and afterwirds withdrawn "without prejudice to the plaintiff." Creighton v. Kiez.t, 8.

ARMY CONTRACT. See Subsist ce &ores.

( 687 )

6S8 .

,INDEX.

ASSIGNMENT OF ERRORS. A,judgment*affirmed for want of such an assignment of errors as is required by the twenty-first rule ; there being in the record no plain error not assigned, and such, as the court thought fit to be noticed by it without a proper assignient. Treat v. Jemison, 652.

ASSUMPSIT. See Quantum Valebat. Where one, fraudulently exhibiting to another a sealed instrument reciting that tueperson -eihibi'ting it has a claim for a sum of money on a third party (he having no claim whatsoever), fraudulently induced that other to buy it from him, and such'.other buying it, paid him in money for it, and fook an assignment under 'seal on the back of the instrument, the person thus defrauded may recover his money in assumpsit" on a declaration containing besides the cornmon counts special counts setting out the instrument as inducement, and averring theutter falsity of its recitations, and the fraud of the whole transaction. Burton v. Driggs,125.

ATTORNEY AT LAW. Effect of a general'appeara,'ce by him in a case for the defendant, and his subsequtnt withdrawal" without prejudice to the plaintiff." Creighton v. Kerr, 8..

ATTORNEY IN FACT. See Insurance, 4, 5.

AVERAGE, ADJUSTERS OF. See Bottomy Bond.

BANK.' See National Baznk.

e

l

Where the chartei makes stockholders liable "r spective y for it4 debts"

in proportion to their sfock therein, they cannot, in a case where

there are numerous debts, be proceeded against at law. Relief must

be sought for in equity. Polla)-dv. Bailey, 520.

BANKRUPT. ACT, 1. A landlord's claim for rent is, in Pennsylvania, and under its law, paid out of a bankrupt's 'gopds liable to distress on demised premises, before making a dividend of their proceeds among creditors generally.
Longstreth v. Pennock, 575. 2. After an assignee in bankruptcy, aided by a creditor, has twice con-
te9ted bqfore the'District Court or its referee .the. claim of a person who has been allowed to prove his claim, and, after all the evidence which c9uld then or afterwards be produced, it has been twice decided that the claim was a valid one, no bill lies in the Circuit Court against either'the assignee or the person who has, been allowed to prove his claim, to have.the order allowing it reversed. Such a bill may be demurred to for want of equity. Bank v..Cooper, 171. 8. The lien of a valid mortgage is not divested by the mere fact of the bolder of it subsqquently taking a transfer of the equity of redemption iade to him with a view of giving to him a preference, and in violation of the-Bankrupt Act The transfer of the equity of redeniption is itself void. Avery v. Hackley; 407. 4. A. debt due'to the United States, though it be by one who owes it as a

INDEX.

689

BANKRUPT ACT (cotinued)." surety only, is not" barred by the debtor's discharge with certificate,'
under tb, Bankrupt Act of 1867. Uited States v: Herron, 251. S. TO authorize the assignee of'a bankrupt to recover the money or prop-
erty under the thiity-ninth section of thedBank.rupt Act, it is li4essary not only thabt he should establish.the act of the .bankrppt, of which he complains, but also that it -was done with a view to give a preference" over other creditors, and that ihe".ther party to the transaction had reasonable cause to. believe that such -person was insol-entf ' Wilion v: City Bank (17 Wallace, 473), affirmed. 'Mqs v:Fritton,4146. Where the consideration of a question is prima fabie within the jutis-' diction and control of.a State court-such as determining to whom. the surplus of a fund raised by the foreclosure of i mortgage b~longs -if the person who gave- the mofteage becomes 'bankrupt and' his
ossignkee goes into 'the State court, submits 'to its jurisdiction$' and nowhere asserts, in any way, the rights of the Federal courts in the inatter-he cannot, after taking his chance for a decisionlin his fav'Ar, and getting one against him, raise in this. court the point of want of
jurisdiction in the State court. lb.7, Where, on a feigned issue between a bankru'pt's assignee *anda adiditor
preferred, directed to a jpry to-settle the-questions whether a party insolvent have made a payment to the preferred creditor with a view to give him a preference over other creditors, and whether Lue party receiving payment had reasonable cause to believe that the person pay-*ing him was insolvent, both of the facts abovemeritioned have 'been found against the assignee, and this court has not the evidence before it, it must assume that the verdict of the jury is right. 1b.

BOND ON APPEAL. See Pleading, 1.

BOTTOMRY BOND. 1. Where adjusters of average, under.directions, from a mortgagee of i vessel in possession', and with the consent of her owners, undertake to adjust the business of the vessel and, proceedihg irb their office, collect the freights, general average,'and insiirance, and pay a bottomry boitd having it assigned to themselves, and make the necessary disburse. ments of the vessel, it will not be inferredthat they meant to extii. guish as against themselves the bottomry lien. Belle f the Sea, 421. 2. Nor will a iepresentatirn in the nature of a more opinion'by them as to what will be the result of the whole adjust.ment, prevent them from* enforcing their bottomry lien, if the freight, insurances, &c., do not, discharge it, against a purchaser of.the vessel who has relied' on the -representation. lb..

CHARGE. If there be no evidence to support facts, assumed in a prayer for a charge, to have been supported by a greater or less weight of evidence, it is. the.duty of the court to reject the prayer. It would be error to leave "aquestion to a jury in respect to which there was 'no evidence. Ins8uran e Company v. .Baring, 159:'

VOL. XX.,

44

690

INDEX.

CITY ATTORNEY. See Contract,4.
COLLISION. See Practice,6, 7. Whether the absence of a lookout at the bow of a sailing vessel, though at night, was or'was not a contributing fault to a collision, is a question of fact, and where on a libel for a collision both the District and the Circuit Courts have held that the lookout was not necessary, the general rule of admiralty practice prevails, and this court will not reverse unless there has been clear error. Thte S. B. Wheeler, 385.
CONFISCATION ACTS, THE. 1. Of July 17th, 1862,'Ws not repealed by the President's proclamations of amnesty in 1868. The act interpreted. What sort -ofinformation under it is to be held sufficient, after final judgment of condemnation.
The essential character of , T, "information" not changed into a proceeding on admiralty side of the c66urt, by being entitled a "libel " of information, and the warrant and citation being called "1a monition." What constitutes servioe under the act; and when the property condemned will be presumed to have belonged to a rebel. The Confiscation Cases, 92. 2. Holders of liens against real estate sold under the act should not be permitted to intervene in any proceedings for the confiscation'. Their liens will not, in any event, be divested. Claimsof Marcuardet al., 114. 8. When, under the act, an information has been filed in the District Court and a decree of condemnation and sale of the land seized been made, and the money has been paid into the court, and on error to the Circuit Court, that court, reversing the decree, has dismissed the information but confirmed the sale, and ordered the proceeds to be paid to the owner of the land-if on error by the United States to this court, this *court reverse the decree of the Circuit Court, and affirm the decree of the District Court, that reversal will leave nothing on which a writ of error by the owner can act. The judgment having been reversed, the confirmation of the sale and order to pay the proceeds fall. The only judgment can be reversal again. Conrad'sLots, 115. 4. An informer does not acquire a right to a moiety under the Confiscation Act of August 6th, 1861, in regard to land'informed against, after a cofnplete title to the property hp been acquired by conquest. Titus v. United States, 475. 5. By what facts the government not estopped from denying an informer's claim to a mpiety in such a case. lb. 6. Case of an informer stands on a different footing, add is to be judged of by different principles of estoppel, from that of a purchaser of the land, who has paid his money to the United States in consequence of their offer to sell un'der the act. 1b.
OONQUEST, RIGHTS OF. See.Public Law.
CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. See Estoppelp Internal Revenue, 3; NavigablekWaters of"the United States; Removal of Causes, 3; Taxation, 3; Tonnage Tax.
, -statute which authorizes towns to contract debts or 9ther obligations payable in money, implies the duty to levy taxes to -paythem, unless

INDEX.

691

CONSTITUTIONAL LAW (continued). some other fund or source of payment is provided. Loan Association v. Topeka, 655.
2. If there is no power in the legislature which passed such a statute to authorize the levy of taxes in aid of the purpose for which the obligation is to be contracted, the statute is void, and so are the bonds or other forms of contract based on the statute. lb.
3. There is no such thing in the theory of our government, State and National, as unlimited power in any of their branches. The executive. the legislative, and the judicial departments are all of limited and defined powers. 1b.
4. There are limitations of such powers which arise out of the essential nature of all free governments. Implied reservations of individual rights, without which the social compact could not exist, and which are respected by all governments entitled to the name. lb.
t. Among these is the limitation of the right of taxation, that it can only be used in aid of a public object, an object which is within the purpose for which governments are established. lb.
6. It cannot, therefore, be exercised in aid of enterprises strictly private, for the benefit of individuals, though in a remote or collateral way the local public may be benefited thereby. lb.
7. Though the line which distinguishes the public use for which taxes mgbe assessed from the private use for which they may not, is not always easy to be discerned, yet it is the duty of the courts, where the case falls clearly within the latter class, to interpose when properly called on for the protection of the rights of the citizen, and aid to prevent his private property from being unlawfully appropriated to the use of others. lb.
8. A statute which authorizes a town to issue its bonds in aid of the manufacturing enterprises of individuals is void, because the taxes necessary to pay the bonds would, if collected, be a transfer of the property of -individuals to aid in the projects of gain and profit of others, and not for the public use, in the proper sense of that term. lb.
9. A statute which is but a mode of continuing or reviving a tax which might be supposed to have expired, and which in that sense imposes a tax retrospectively, but which does not in any way give a judicial construction to a former statute, is not unconstitutional. It is not an assumption of judicial power, nor does it invade private rights over which Congress has no power. Siockdale v. Tie InsuranceCompanies, 323.
CONSTRUCTION, RULES OF. See ConstitutionaZ Law, 1, 9.
AS APPLIED TO STATUTES.
No general words in a statute divest the government of its rights or remedies. United States v. Herron, 251.
CONTEM PTS. This court has no power to reverse, on appeal, the impositio- of a fine decreed by the Circuit Court for contempt of it. New 5. eans v. The Steamship Company, 887.

692

INDEX.

CONTRACT. See Bankrupt Act, 4; Damages, 1, 2, 4; Delivery; Equity, 2, 4; Insurance; Municipal Bonds; Principaland Surety; PublicLaw; Subsistence Stores; Taxation.
1 When and how farthey may be reformed by previous written articles. EquitableInsurance Company v. Hearne,494.
2. Questions about those in 'restraint of trade must be judged acc6rding to the circumstances on which they arise, and in subservience to the gerieral rule that there must be no injury to the public by its being deprived of the restricted party's industry, and that the party him,self must not be precluded from pursuing his occupation and thus prevented from supporting himself anid his family. Oregon Steam Navigation Company v. WVinsor, 64.
8. When the ordinances of h city, which has a "city attorney" as one of its officers, require that such attorney prosecute all suits to which the city may be a party, or in which it may be interested, persons who enter Into a contract with the city to do work for it, as ex. gr., pave' its streets, with a provision in the contract that the accounts for the paving if not paid by the property-holders within ten days after the payment becomes due, "shall be placed in the hands of the city attorney for collection, under the city charter," cannot, even though those accounts are numerous and the collection of them onerous and expensi ,e employ, without a plain authority from the city legislature, other attorneys, and charge to the city what they pay to the additional attorneys for their professional services. City of Memphis v. Brown, 289.
4. Where a city expressly contracts to pay a paver for paving a street, a subsequent modification of the dezails of the conti'act which is subse-quently declared by the courts to be illegal, is no abandonment or waiver of the original agreement of the city to pay for the paving. lb.
COUPONS. 1. Statutes of limitation commence to run against actions upon coupons for interest annexed to bonds, when they havebeen detached from the bonds and transferred to parties other than the holders of the bonds, from the maturity of the coupons respectively. I C ark v. Iowa City, 583. 2. Such coupons, if in form negotiable, are negotiable and pass by delivery when severed from the bonds to which they were annexed. They then cease to be incidents of the bonds, and become independent claims ; and do not lose their validity, if for any cause the bonds are cancelled or paid before maturity. lb.
COURT AND JURY. See Charge; Montana.
CUSTOM. See Insurance, 2.
DAMAGES. See Evidence, 1; Release of Action; Stock Contract; Wiszonsin.
1. Where a person agreed to serve in sirperintending a hotel for another, at a compensation specified, either party being at liberty to terminate the contraqt on thirty days' notice to the other, and the person agree-

iNDEX.
DAMAGES (continued). ing to superintend was ejected by'the other on less than thirty days'
\ notice, held, in a suit for damages by the party thus ejected-the *general issue being pleaded and n~ticeof special matter given-that the defendant night prove that the party ejected was unfit to perform his duty by reason of'the use of opiates, and by reasoh of unsound mental condition. Lyon v. Pollard,403.
2. Though where, under a contract of hiring services, a party is' bouhd to give a certain number of days' notice' to terminate it, it is not terminated until the full term of days has elapsed, yet wlhere an action has been br(ught for damages for a dismissal without the proper notice, a notice of termination. may be 'given, though the full number' of days-has not expired when an actual dismissal took place; this to show that the-plaintiff had a right now to serve but a portion of the thirty dayg. Ib.
8. In an action on the case by a husband and wife, with th6 regular common-law declaration, for injuries'done to the wife's person, and a plea of the general issue, after direct proof has been given of the marriage, the defendants cannot prove either by ay of disproving the .fact of marriage alleged in the- declaration or in mitigation'of damages, that the plaintiffs had not-lived together and cohabited as husband and wife since a time named (many years before); that it was commonly reputed that they bad nqt lived together, and that. there was a common reputation that the alleged husband was living aid cohabiting with another woman. Packet Company v. Clough,,528.
4. Where a city contracts with persons, to do work for it, agreeing to pay them in bonds, having some years to fun, and with interest warraLts or coupons attached, "principaland interestguardnt ed andprovdedfor .V a sinkingfundset asideforthatpurpose," and the contractor takes the bonds, but the city does not provide'any sinking fund for the payment' of either principal or interest, the contractor t6 do the work cannot, in a suit against the city to recover what it -owes him, adduce evidence of bankers ind stockdealers to show what damage, in their judgment, he has uffered by the city's violation of its contract in providing the sinking fund; the witnesses making. the value of the sinking fund depend upon the'conditions-lst, that it should be'actually colected; 2d, that it should be placed in the hands "of trustees; and 3d, that the trustees should be persons of integrity-conditions which iiade no part of the city's contract in the matter. 'The damages founded on such vidence are speculative. City of .Memphisv: Brown, 290.
DELIVERY.:Where, at the tinie the preliminary contract for an insurance is made, it is stipilated'.that the policy when filled up shall be held by the agent, in his 'safe, for the assured, no actual manual transfer of the p. licy to the assured, after its. execution, is essential to perfect his title. Insurance Company v. Colt, 560.
DEMURRER. See Pleading, 3.
DEPOSITION. See Bvidence, 5-8.

694

INDEX.

DEVIATION. Where there has been a deviation in a voyage insured, no decree will be made for a return of any part of the premium. The deviation annuls the contract as to subsequent parts of the voyage and causes a forfeiture of the premium. Hearne v. Marine Insurance Company, 488.
DISTILLED SPIRITS. See Internal Revenue, 1.
EQUITY. See Bankrupt Act, 2; Evidence, 2; Master in Chancery; Pleading, 8; Rebellion, 1 ; RiparianRights, 3; Specfib Pe formance.
1. Allegations of general ignorance of things a knowledge of which is easily ascertainable, is insufficient to set into action tie remedies of equity. McQuiddy v. Ware, 14.
2. When a preliminary contract for insurance is valid it may be enforced in a court of equity against the company ; and being enforced by the procurement of a policy, an action can be maintained upon tie instrument; or the court in enforcing the execution of the contract may Ienter a decree for the amount of the insurance. Insurance Company v. Colt, 560.
3. Where by the charter of a bank, stockholders are "bound respectively for all the debts of the bank in proportion to their stock holden therein," one creditor cannot sue a stockholder at law (there being numerous other creditors) to recover the full amount of his debt, without regard to those other creditors or to the ability of the other stockholders to respond to their obligations under the charter. He should proceed in equity. Pollardv. Bailey, 520.
4. Where a city agreed to issue a certain amount of bonds to a contractor who was embarrassed in carrying on his contract with it, the embarrassment being produced in part through the city's own non-payment to the contractor of what it owed him, the contractor agreeing on his part in the new agreement, to release the city from certain obligations under which by the original contract it was bound: Held, that the city, not having carried out its new agreement completely, could not, in an equitable proceeding, avail itself of the release; that what was done was not an accord and satisfaction, but an executory agreement for a release, upon the performance of certain conditions, which, not having been performed, left the release without obligatory force. City of M41emphis v. Brown, 289.
ERROR. See Charge; FinalJudgment; Jurisdiction;Practice,1-4.
ESTOPPEL. See Bottomry Bond, 2; Partnership,1; Rebellion, The, 3. A municipal corporation is not estopped to deny the constitutionality of an act, authorizing it to tax its citizens to pay the interest on a certain sort of bonds, by the fact that it has already once taxed them to piay one instalment of it. Loan Association v. bpeka, 655.
EVi')ENOE. See Damages; Insurance, 2; Practice, 2, 4; Rebellion, 4; Stock Contract; Taxes, 2-4; Wisconsin.
1.-The conversation of a captain of a steamer with a party injured in getting on his boat, made two days and a half after the accident occurred, is not evidence to charge the owners of the boat with fault, and this

INDEX.

690

EVIDENCE (eontinued). though made while the boat was stiloln its voyage and before the voyago upon which the injured party had entered was completed. Packet Company v. Clough, 628.
2. Answers in chancery not responsive to. a bill, and not sustained by other proof, are of no avail as evidence. Roach v. Sunzers, 165.
8. When a policy of insurance, the property of the assured, is in possession ofthe insurer, who, after a loss has occurred, will not give it up, the assured may sue on the policy, and on failure of the insurei to produco
it on the trial, may prove its content% Insurance Company'v. C001, 560. 4. When it is necessary to prove the results of an examingtiqn of many books of a bank to show a particular fact, as ex. gr., that A. B..never at any time lent money to a bank, and the examination cannot'be conveniently made in court, the'results may be proved by persons who made the examination, the books being ut of the State and b9yond the jurisdiction of the court. Burton v.-Driggs, 125 5. Where an originel deposition, regularly taken, sealed up, transmitted и opened, and filed in the case, waslost, and a copy, taken under the direction of the clerk of the court and sworn to as a true copy, was offered in evidence in its place, an objection to the .6py "on the ground that ifwas not the original" is too indefinite to let in argument that the witness was alive, and that the lost deposition could only be supplied by another one by the same witness, and that second-ary evidence .was inadmissible toprove the contents of the frst deposition. lb.
6. If the objection had been made in a form as specific as by the argu-ment abovementioned it was sought to be made; it would be insuffihient, it appearing that the witness lived in another State,'and more than a hundred miles from the placd of trial. lb.'
7. The courthas not gone to the length of the English adjudications, thAt' there are no degrees in secondary evidence. Hence, where the records of a court were all burnt during the rebellion, what appeired to be u. copy. of an officially certified copy was held properly ieceived; the certied copy, if any existed, not being in the party's custody or plain control, and there being no positive evidence that it existed,' though there was" evidence tending to show that it did. Cornett v. Williams, 226.'
8. Under the act of July 2d, 1864, witnesses may, other things allowing, testify (without any order bf court)' by deposition.- And if not'satisfled with a deposition which they have given, have a right, without order of court,-to give.a gecond one. 1b.

EXECUTORY AGREEMENT FOR RELEASE. Distinguished from accord and satisfaction. City of Memphis Y.Brown, 289.

T
EX -POST FACTO LA2& .

Sde ConstitutionalLaw, 9.

EX TURPI CAUSA, ETC. See Rebellion, The, 1.

696

INDEX.

FINAL JUDGMENT. A writ of error from this court will not lie to renieve the judgment of an inferior appellate court, where the judgment of that court remands a case to another below it for new trial and hearing, and where it is evident that the parties have not exhausted the power of these inferior courts. Such judgment is not a final judgment. Parelsv. Johnson, 653.

FOREIGN CORPORATION of.Caues,,.

See JudicialComity; Pleading,2; _Removal

FOREIGN 'VESSELS. See Admiralty, 3.

FORMS OF ACTIONS. The~abolitioh by statute of theAistinction between those at law and those in eqvity does not change the essential principles of the two systems. ,Baseetyal. v. Gallagher, 670.

FOX RIVER. See "1Navigable Waters of the United States."

FRAU)). See Assumpsit; Voluntary Settlement,.2.

GENERAL FINDING. No error can be.assigned on one. ing- Rqilroad, 138.

Tioga Railroad v. Blossburg and Corm-

HUSBAND AND WIFE. See Damages, 2; Voluntary Settlement, .1; Wisconsin.

IMPLIED REPEAL OF STATUTE. May be made by a new act amendatory of an old one, and covering 1nost of the ground which it did. Murdock v. City of Memphis, 590.

INSURANCE. See Delivery; Deviation. 1. Where a party proposed to insurers to insure his vessel on a "voyage from Liverpool to Cuba and to Europe via Falmouth," at a rate named, and the company offered to insure at a somewhat higher rate, saying, "1It is worth something, you, know, to cover the risk at the port of loadingin Chba,!' held that it was inplied that "the port of
lWading" might be different from the port of discharge, and where the assured accepted this offer, and told the insurer to insure "at and from Liverpool to Cuba dtnd to Europe via a market port," &c., held' ftirther, that a policy. which insured "to port of discharge in Cuba,
and to Europe via a market port," &c., did not conform to the contract, and was to be reformed so as to do so. Equitable Insurance Company v. Hearne,. 494. 2. Where, by th6 terms of a policy, a vessel is insured "to a p&'t in Cuba, and at. and thence to port of advice and discharge in Europe," and the vessel is lost in going from the port of discharge in Cuba to anothor' port in the same island for reloading, held on -asuit on the policy for a loss that evidence by the assured was 'inadmissible to
'show'a usage that vessels going to Cuba might visit at two ports, one f'r dischargeand another for loading. Hearnev. MarineInsurance Company, 488. 8. 'Whe.n the charter of an insurance company in the same clause which

INDEX.

697

INSURANCE (continued). authorized its president and directors to make insurance against fire, and for that purpose to execute such "contracts, bargains, agreements, policies, and other instruments" ,as might be necessary, declareditht every such contract, bargain, agreement, and pol icy should be in writing, and under-the seal of the corporation, and be signed by the president and attested by the secretary: Ifeld, that this requirement had no reference to the preliminary arrangements for insurance which precede .the execution of the formal instrument by the officers of the company. Insuranwe Company v. Coll, 560.
4. An agent for an insurance company authorized to take and approve risks, and to insure, is by general usage also authorized to allow. credit for the premium. Its allowance does not impair the validity of the preliminaiy contract to insure. lb.
5. When an agent is authorized, after a preliminary contract for An insurance is made by him, to fill up a blank policy dul'y signed and attested by the officers of the company, sent to him for the purpose, he is authorized to fill up such policy after a loss has occurred. When thus filled up, the policy becomes the property of the assured, and upon a refusal of the company to surrender it two courses are open to him: either to proceed by action to recover the possession of the policy, or to sue upon the policy to recover for the loss, and in the latter case to prove its contents upon failure of the company to produce. the lnstru'ment on the trial. [b.
6. Advances to a vessel in'a foreign port area'lien on it, and constitute an insurable interest. Insurance Company v. Baing, 159.
INTEREST WARRANTS. See Coupons.
INTERNAL REVENUE. 1. Underthe aqt of July 20th, 1868, imposing taxes on distilled spirits, the assessor and his assistant, in estimating the true producing capacity of a distillery, are empowered to fix, for themselves, as the true fermenting period such period as they, after'examination and calculation, may deem the true one. Pahlmanv. The Collector, 189. 2. The oie hundred and nineteenth section of the act of June 80th; 1864, as amended, &c., which limited theduration of the income tax, taxed the dividends arising from the earnings of corporations for the year 1869. .Stockdale v. The Insurance Combpanies,823. 3. Section seventeen of the act of July'14th, 1870, bonstruing certain seetionsof the act of 1864 to extend the tax to the year 1870 is valid. Ib.
JOINT DECREE OR JUDGMENT. 'See Practice, 1.
JUDGMENT. Where statute provides that in suits for the recovery 6f the possession of personal property, the judgment Imay be for the possession of. the. .property, or the value thereof in ease a delivery cannot be had, and damages for the detention--a judgment is not necessarily erroneous if the Alternative is not expressed upon its face. The court must be. satisfied that the delivery cannot be made before it can adjudge abso-,

INDEX.

JUDG MENT (continued). Intely the payment of money. But, if so satisfied, it may so adjudge. An absolutojudgment for the money is equivalent to a special finding that a delivory cattaot be made. Boley v. Griswold, 486.

JUDICIAL COMITY. The highest courts of New York. construing the statutes of limitations of that State, having decided that a foreign corporation cannot avail itself of them, and this, rlotwithstanding such corporation was the lessee of a railroad in New York, and had property within the State, and a managing agent residing and keeping an office of the company, this court will follow them, whatever it may think of their soundness on general principles. Tioga Railroad v, Blossburg and Corning Rail-
,road, 137.

JUDICIAL POWER. See ConstitutionalLaw, 1-7. Its stfpremacy over legislation fundamentally unjust asserted. sociation v. Topeka, 655.

Loan As-

JUDICIAL SALE. See " Omnia rite aeta," &c.

JUDICIARY ACT OF 1789. S'w.Jeurisdiction,2, 3; Record. Its twenty-fifth section technieally repealed by the second section of the
act of February 5th, 1867 (Q709 Revised Statutes of the United States).
Murdock v. City of Memphis, 590.
JURISDICTION. See Contempts; ,Final Judgment;" " Omnia rite actda;" Probate Courts.
1. "Where the consideration of a question ispra facie'within the jurisdiction and control of a State court, but in its general nature may also be one for a Federal court, if a person summoned into the State court goes there, submits to its jurisdiction, and nowhere asserts, in any way, the rights of the Federal courts in the matter-he cannot, after taking his chance for a decision in his favor, and getting one against him, raise in the Supreme Court the point of want of jurisdiction in the State court Mays v. Fritton, 414.
1. OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
(a) It HAS jurisdiction-
2. Under the second section of the act-of 5th of February, 1867 ( 709 of the Revised Statutes of the United States), to review the decree of a State court passing upon the effect produced by the act of the Executive on a given contract, in inau'gurating the late civil war. Matthews v ic. tea, 646.
8. Under the same second section of the said act, which section technically repeals the twenty-ilfth section of the Judiciary Act ( 709 Revised Statutes 9 f the United States), the following propositions govern the court in its examination and in its judgments and decrees in cases brought from the highest State courts: It is essential to the jurisdiction of this court over the judgment or decree of a State court, that it shall appear that one of the questions mentioned in the statute must have been raised and presented to the State court; that.it must

INDEX.

699

JURISDICTION (continued). have been decided by the State court against the right claimed or asserted by the plaintiff in error, under the Constitution, treaties, laws, or authority of the United States, or that such a decision was necessary to the judgment or decree rendered in the case. Thise things appearing, this court has jurisdiction, and must examine the judgment so far as to enable it to decide whether this claim of right was correctly adjudicated by the State court. If it finds that it was .rightly decided, the judgment must be affirmed. If it was erroneously decided, then the court must further inquire whether there is any other matter or issue adjudged by the State court sufficiently broad to maintain the judgment, notwithstanding the error in the decision of the Federal question. If this be found to be the case, thejudgment iniust be affirmed without examination into the soundness of the decision of such other matter or issue. But if it be found that the issue raised by the question of Federal law must control the whole case, or that there has been no decision by the State court of any other matter which is sufficient of itself to maintain the judgment, then this court will reverse that judgment, and will either render such judgment here as the State court should have rendered, or will remand the case to that court for further proceedings, as the circumstances of the case may require. Murdock v. City of Memphis, 690.
LANDLORD AND TENANT. See Bankrupt Act, 1.
LAW AND EQUITY. The essential distinction between law and equity is not changed by*a statute which enacts that the pleadings and modes of procedure in common-law actions and those in equity suits, are abolished. Effect of such statute. Basey et al. v. Gallagher, 670.
LEGISLATIVE POWEIl. See ConstitutionalLaw. Its limits defined. Loan Association v. Topeka, 655.
LOOKOUTS. Whether absence of, is a contributing cause to a collision, is a question of fact, not of law ; and the ordinary rule prevails about reversal where the District and Circuit Courts have agreed about the fact. ThAS. B. Vheeler, 885.
MASTER IN CHANCERY. Reference to, before a case is ready for a decree, and without the court's settling the rights of the parties, sustained in a case where there was a confused mass of things; the reference being to hear and report to the court the proofs and his conclusions upon various matters deemed pertinent by the court, and specified by it, including as a final one, the statement of an account between the parties, eambracinr therein all the matters in the cause of the bill and cross-bill, and showing in the result the aggregate of debt of the debtor party to the other: and the parties not having excepted to such order, but appearing under it before the master and taking, both of them, testimony upon the subjects of reference, for as long a term as they desire, and then

700

INDEX.

MASTER IN CHANCERY (continued). announcing that they did not desire to take further evidence, and submitting the matters of reference for the determination of the master. City of Memphis v. Brown, 289.

MEMPHIS. Under the laws of Tennessee and its own charter, the city of Mbmphis, in the State just named, had'full power to make contracts for paving the city, and to bind itself to pay for the work either in cash or in the bonds of the city, or in both. City of Memphis v. Brown, 289.

MEXICAI{ AND SPANISH LAWS. See Texas.

MINERAL LANDS ON THE PACIFIC COAST. See Riparian Rights.

MISSOURI. See Taxation.

MONTANA. See'Judgment; .RiparianRights.

Although by the organic act of the Territory of Montana, common-law

and chancery jurisdiction is exercised by the same court, and by leg-

islation of the Territory regulating proceedings in civil cases, the

distincdions between the pleadings and modes'of procedure in com-

mon-law actions and those in equity suits are abolished, the essential

distinction between law and equity is not changed. Effect of such

organic act in the premises, incllding the effect of the'provision in

the statute, declaring

'
1 that an

issue of fact shall be tried by ajury,

unless a jury trial is waived." Basey et at. v. Gallagher, 670.

MOTION TO DISMISS. See Practice, 5.

MUNICIPAL BONDS. See ConstitutionalLaw, 1-8; Estoppel. 1. Issued for any purpose not a public one void. What purposes are private. Loan Association v. Topeka, 655. 2. Where a municipality, under a contract made in pursuance of its ordinances, issues its bonds and contracts with the person to whom it issues them, that they shall be "guaranteed and provided for by a sinking fund set aside for the purpose," and the contractor to whom they are issued sells the bonds, he waives a claim for damages for nonfulfil.ment of the contract, and it becomes available only to the holder of the bonds. City of Memphis v. Brown, 290.

MUNICIPAL CONTRACTS. See CinstitntionalLaw, 1-8; Estoppel. The case of a large one by a paver with a city corporation, emharrasged in its circumstances and issuing bonds'by way of advance, to be sold and. replaced, with various modifications and irregulatities, fully passed upon; the case involving a view of municipal powers, of damages, of principles, proceedings and practice in equity, and of tbl construction of contracts generally, as also of this particular one. City of Memphis v. Brown, 289.
MUTUAL COVENANTS., See Partnership,1.
NATIONAL BANK. The debtors of a National bank, when sued by a person whom the comptroller, professing to act in pursuance of the fiftieth section of the Na-

INDEX.
NATIONAL BANK (continued). tional Currency Act, has appointed to be its receiver, cannot inquire into the lawfulness of such receiver's appointment. Cadle v...Baker, 650.
"NAVIGABLE WATERS. OF THE UNITED STATES." What constitute. The test depetndent upon the fact whether h river in its natural state is such as that it affords a channel for useful-commerce. The doctrines applied to the Fox River, in Wisconsin. The Montello, 430.
NEGOTIABLE PAPER. 1. A note'payable to bearer, though overdue and dishonored, passes by delivery the legal title to the holder, subject to such equities as may be asserted by reason of its dishonor; and.any one disputing the title of the holder of such paper takes the burden of establishing, by sufficient evidehce, the facts necessary to defeat it. National Bank of Washington v. Texas, 72. 2. The doctrine applied to cgrtain of the bonds known as the "Texas In-. demnity Bonds." -It.
N )RTH MISSOURI RAILROAD. See Taxation, 4,,5.
NOTICE. See Damages, 2. Where by the terms of a contract a party is bound to give a certain number of days' notice of an intention to terminate it;and having given the notice afterwards waives it, he may in fact renew the notice, though the form of his communication purport to insist on the notice which he has waived; and at the expiration of the required timnY the second document will, operate as a nbtice. Lyon v. Pollard, 403.
"OMNIA RITE ACTA." Where a county court having jurisdiction to authorize a sale of a decedent's estate for his debts does authorize it, and the sale is made, the question of its propriety is not, in the absence of fraud, open to examination in an appellate court otherwise than in a proceeding had Iirectly for that purpose. Cornett v. Williams, 226.
PACIFIC RAILROAD. See Taxation, 2, 3.
PACIFIC STATES AND TERRITORIES. See RiparianRights.
PARTIES TO ACTIONS. See Removal of Causes.
PARTNERSHIP. 1. Where an instrument prepared by one partner for signature by his copartner, with whom he has fallen out and quarrelled, contains mutual releases and assignments-each being the consideration of the other -it should, in order to be binding, be signed by both parties. The fact that the partner who did not prepufre it has takezi without ob-. jection from the other an unsigned counterpart after this other partner bhd signed the first counterpart, and left it in the hands of a third person to be -delivered only when the unsigned counterpart was signed and delivered, does not give effect to the release. Ambler .v.Whipple, 546.

INDEX.
PARTNERSHIP (continued). 2. Though bad character, drunkenness, and dishonesty on the part of one partner may be good ground,, for dissolving a partnership, on the application of the other-this other not having known at the time of forming the partnership, these (.haracteristics of his copartner-yet when before the partnership wias formed they were known by the partner not guilty of them to have existed, they do not authorize such partner himself to treat the partnership as ended, and to take to him~elf all the benefits of the joint labor and joint property. Ambler v. Whipple, 546.
PATENTS.
I. GENERAL PRINOrPLES RELATING TO.
1. Though an idea of a person who afterwards'obtains a patent for a device to give his idea effect, may be a good idea, yet if the device is not new his patent is void, even though it be useful. Rubber-Tip Pencil Company v. Howard, 498.
2. The bringing together several old devices without producing a now and useful result, the joint product of the elements of the combination, and something more than an aggregate of old results, is not "1invention " within the meaning of the Patent Act. It cannot prevent others from using the same devices, either singly or in other combinationc, or, even if a new and useful result is obtained, can prevent others from using some of the devices, omitting others, in combination. Ilailes v. Van Wormer, 354.
II. T E VALIDITY OR CONSTRUCTION OF PARTICULAR.
3. That to J. B. Blair, for a new manufacture, being rubber heads for lead-pencils, void. Rabber-Tip Pencil Company v. Howard7 498.
4. The reissued patent to Sylvanus Walker, December 31st, 1867, construed to be for a U-shaped yoke or frame for supporting a wringing-machine, and for the combination of such a yoke with a clamping device, when employed to hold a clothes-wringer to the side of a wash-tub, and the U form of the frame is essential to it. WashingM1achine Company v. Tool Company, 342.
PENNSYLVANIA. See Bankrupt Act, 1.
PLEADING. 1. In an action on the bond given on appeal from the District Court to the Supreme Court of the Territory of MINontana, the plea wits that the defendant had prosecuted a writ of error from the judgment of the Territorial court to the Supreme Court of the United States, and had executed his bond which operated as a supersedeas of that judgment, and that no remittitur or mandate had issued from the latter court, and that the judgment of the Supreme Court of the Territory still remained in the court so stayed by the supersedeas bond and the order thereon. This plea is insufficient in that it does not aver that at the commencement of this action the appeal was then pending in this court or had ever been perfected. Nor is the case altered by the Practice Act of Montana, which enacts, that "in the

INDEX.

i703

PLEADING (continued). construction of a pleading, for the purpose of determining its effect, its allegations shall be liberally construed with a view to substantial justice." Gillette v. Bullard, 571.
2. Where in foreign attachment in one State, against the debtor of a corporation incorporated by another State and asserted to have been dissolved by a judgment of the courts of that State, with a transfer of its effects to a receiver, judgment has been given, after opposition by the corporation and the receiver, in favor of the creditor and the garnishee or "trustee" (the debtor), and he "charged on his answer," he cannot, on a scirefaciasto have execution, successfully plead that the corporation had been dissolved by a court of Now York, to whose proceedings full faith and credit was due under the Constitution. Habich v. Febler, 1.
3. A demurrer in equity presumed on appeal abandoned when the record shows no disposition, and the parties have proceeded to a hearing. Basey et al. v. Gallagher, 670.
PRACTICE. See Assignment of Error;ConfiscationAct; Contempts; Final Judgment; Judgment; Jurisdiction,3; Master in Chancery; Pleading, 1,3; Proceedingin ren; "R1ecord;" Removal of Causes, 1, 2.
I. IN THE SUPREME COURT.
(a) In cases generally.
1. All the parties against whom a joint judgment or decree is rendered must join in the writ of error or appeal, or it will be dismissed, except sufficient cause for the non-joinder be shown. This "established doctrine ' again adjudged. Simpson v. Greeley, 152.
2. The court will not examine evidence to ascertain whether a jury was justified in its findings on issues of fact. Express Company v. Ware, 543; Mays v. Fritton,414.
3. No error can be assigned on a general finding. Tioga Railroadv. Blossburg and CorningRailroad, 138.
4. A party who complains of the rejection of evidence must make it appear by his bill of exceptions that if the evidence had been admitted it might have led the jury to a different result, and that accordingly he has been injured by the rejection. He must therefore have properly'before this court the evidence rejected, or some statement of what it tended to prove. Packet Company v. Clough, 628.
5. Where, on error to the Supreme Court of a State; the record shows a -decision of the State court on a Federal question properly presented, and of which this court could take jurisdiction, and shows also the decision of a local question, the writ of error will not be dismissed on motion in advance of the hearing. The.puints stated, upon which on writs of error to the highest State court parties are entitled to be heard. The Railroad Company v. Maryland, 643.
(b) In Admiralty."
6. The doctrine, over and over again adjudged by this-court, that when in admiralty cases involving questions of fact alonethe District and

'IU0

INDEX.

PRACTICE (continued). Circuit Courts have both found in one way, every presumption is in' favor of the decrees, and that there will be no reversal here unlessfor manifest error, again declared. The S. B. Wheeler, 885.,
7. Where an appeal in a proceeding in rem'is taken to the Circuit Court, from a decree of the District Court, the res or its proceeds follows the cause. The Lottawanna, 201.
PREFERENCe. See Bankruvt Act, 1-3, 6.
PRESUMPTIONS. Made in favor of the regularity of the proceedings of a court having jurisdiction in a particular matter, and professing to exercise it. Cornett v. Williams, 226.
PRINCIPAL AND SURETY. A surety is not discharged by a contract between his principal and their common obligee, which does not place him in a different position from that which he occupied before the contrAct was made. Roach v. Summers, 165.
"PROBATE COURTS." Their nature and the extent of their jurisdiction, as commonly constituted, defined. Ferrisv. Higley, 875.
PROOEEDING IN REM. Where an appeal is taken to the Circuit Court from the decree of the District Court in a proceeding in rem, the property or its proceeds follows the cause into the former court. The Lottawanna,201.
PUBLIC LAW. 1. A lease made July 8th, 1865, during the military occupation of New Orleans, in the late rebellion, by the army of the United States, by the mayor of New Orleans, pursuant to a resolution of the boards of finance and of street landings (the mayor and both boards being appointed by the general commanding thedepartment), by which a lease of certain water-front property in the said city, for ten years.which lease called for large outlays by the lessee, and was depmed by this court otherwise a fair one-sustained for its whole term, although 'in less than one year afterwards, the government of the city was handed back to the regular city authorities. New Orleans v. Steamship Company, 387. 2. The fact, that-seven months after the lease was' made-a "general order" from the military department of Louisiana, forbidding the several bureaus of the municipal government of the city, created by military authority, from disposing of any of the city property for a term extending beyond a period when the regular civil government of the cityiiight be re-established, held not to havealtered the case. lb.
QUA.NTUM VALEBAT. Where a person, on a given contract, covenants to pay a sum whose amount is to be contingent on certain events and is to be ascertained by arbitrators, such person, if he prevent any arbitration, may be

INDEX.

705

QUANTUM VALEBAT (coninved). sued at law on a quantum vatebat, and the sum due may be ascertained by a jury under instructions from the court. If the jury, under such instructions, find that only so much is due, the plaintiff can recover nothing more. Lamaston v. Telegraph Company, 20.

REBELLION, THE See Public Law. 1. A purchaser of cotton from the Confederate States, who knew that the money he paid for it went to sustain the robellion, cannotin the Court of( Claims recover the proceeds; when it has been captured and sold, under the Captured and Abandoned Property Act. Sprott .v. United Stales, 459. 2. The government of the Confedeiacy bad no existence except as organized treason. Its purpose while it'lsted was to overthrow thelawful government, and its statutes, its decrees, its authority can give J no validity to any'act done in its service or-in aid or its purpose. 1b.
8. A man who has neglected his private affairs and gone away from his home and State, for the purpose of devoting his time to the cause of rebellion, against the government, cannot come into equity to complain that his cri-ditors have obtained payment of admitted debts through judicial process obtained upon constructive notice, and on s supposition wrongly made by them that he had no home in the State, or none that they knew of. McQuildy v. IVare, 14.
4. What evidence so far tends to prove, on the part of a person who, during the rebellion, removed his slaves from loyal parts of the country to parts in rebellion, a purpose to sell them in these last, and justified a charge on an assumption of possibility, that the jury might find the purpose to have existed. Crnet v. Williams, 226.

RECEIVER OF NATIONAL BANK. See NationalBank.
"RECORD" Under the second section of the act of February 5th, 1867, supplying the place of the twenty-fifth section of the Judiciary Act, giving to this court a right of review of the decisions of the highest State courts, this court may look to the pr'perly certified opinion of the State court to ascertain whetoer a question has been decided in the State court which will give jurisdiction here. Murdock v. City of MemPhis, 590.

REFORMIATION OF CONTRACTS. See Insurdnce,1.

RELEASE OF ACTION. When a woman has been injured in getting aboard a steamer, by the alleged carelessness of the servants of the boat, the fact that she is unwilling to pay fare for her passage, and that the captain makes no demand of fare from her, is no release of her right of action against the owners of the boat for the injuries done to her, unless she at the time understands it to be so and consents that it shall be so. Packet Q.ompany v: dlough, 528.

VOL. xx.

45

706

INDEX.

REEMOVAL OF CAUSES. 1. In determining a question whether a Circuit Court had erred in denying a motion to remand a case removed to it from the State court, and giving judgment as if the case had been rightly removed to it, this
court cannot pay any attention to a certificate of the clerk of such Circuit Court, certifying that on the hearing of the motion in the Circuit Court certain things "appe a red," " were proved," or " were admitted," such facts not ippearing by bill of exception nor by any case stated. Knapp v. Railroad Company, 117. 2. The act of Congress of larch 2d, 1867, allowing either of the parties to a suit-they being of a certain class described-to remove it from a State court into the Circuit Court of the United States, does not change the previously existing and settled rules which determine who are to be regarded as the plaintiff and defendant. lb. 3. A State statute which allows companies organized in other States to do business in the State passing the statute, only on condition that the company shall first appoint an attorney in this State on whom process of law can be served, containing " a n agreement that such company will not remove the suit for trial into the Federalcourts, and file in the ofice of the secretary -of state a written instrument, duly signed and sealed, rertifying such appointment, which shall continue until another attorney be substituted," is repugnant to the Constitution of the United States and the laws in pursuance thereof, and is illegal and void. And the agreement of the insurance company, filed in pursuance of the act, is equally void. Insurance Company v. Morse, 445.

RENT. See Bankrupt Law, 1.
REPEAL OF STATUTE. See Implied Repeal of Statute.
RES JUDICATA. See " Omnnia rite acta." Where, in a judicial proceeding, the matter pased upon is the right under the language of a certain contract to take receipts on a railroad, the judgment concludes the question of the meaning of the contract on a suit for subsequent tolls received under the same contract. Tioga Railroad v. Blossburg and Corning Railroad, 137.

ESTRAINT OF TRADE. See Contract, 2. General principles governing the construction of.
tion Company v. Winsor, 64.

Oregon Steam Naviga-,

RETROSPECTIVE LEGISLATION. See ConstitutionalLaw, 9.

REVISED STATUTES OF THE UNITED STATES. The following section referred to, commented on, or explained: Section 709. See Jurisdiction,2, '; " Record."

RIPARIAN RIGHTS. 1. On the mineral lands of-the public domain in the Pacific States and Territories (including Montana), the doctrines of the common law, declaratory of the rights of riparian proprietors respecting the use of running waters, are applicable only in a limited extent to the necessities.pf miners, and inadequate totheir protection. There, prior ap-

INDEX.

707

RIPARIAN RIGHTS (contfiued). propriation gives the better right to such waters to the extent, in quantity and quality, necessary foi the uses to which the water is applied. Atchison v Pcterson, 607; and see Basey ct at. v. Gallagher,670.
2. What diminution of quantity, or deterioration in quality, will constitute an invasion of the rights of the first appropriator will depend upon the special circumstances of each case; and in controversies between him and parties subsequently claiming the water, the questin for determination is whether his use and enjoyment of the water to the extent of the original appropriation have been impaired by the acts of the other parties. lb.
3. Whether, upon a petition or bill asserting that the prior rights of the first appropriator have been invaded, a court of equity will interfere to restrain the acts of the party complained of, will depend upon the considerations which ordinarily govern a court of equity in the exercise of its preventive process of injunction. lb.
4. The act of Congress of July 26th, 1866, which provides " that whenever by priority of possession rights to the use of water f6,r mining, agricultural, manufacturing, or other purposesi have vested and accrued, and the same are recognized and acknowledged by the local customs, laws, and decisions of courts, the possessors and owners of such vested rights shall be maintained and protected in the same," construed. lb.
RUNNING WATER. See RiparianRights.
SECONDARY EVIDENCE. See Evidence, 7.
SEQUESTRATION ACT OF TEXAS. See Texas, 1.
SLAVES. See Reballion, The, 4.
SOVEREIGNTY. The rights and remedies of, are not divested by general words in a statute. United States v. Ilerron, 251.
SPANISH AND M1EXICAN LAW. See Texas, 3, 4.
SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE. An agreement by a paver with a city, pecuniarily embarrassed, for paving it, that if the city, then unable to pay him in money, would lend to him its bonds having a long time to run, to be sold by him for what they would bring, he will replace them to the city with oth,.r bonds before the date of maturity-which bonds, so lent, are sold much below par; and the money received by him,-held, under special circumstances, to be fulfilled by h'is charging himself in account with the value of the bonds at the time of accounting; though the city had no money then to buy them in tlie market. Oily ofMemphis v. Brown, 289.
SPECULATIVE DAMAGES. See Damages, 4. STATUTES. See Construction, Rules of.
Impliedly repealed by new act, which "amends " an old ohe, covering the greatest part of its subject. Murdock v. City of Memphis, 590.

INDEX.

STATUTES OF LIMITATION. See Coupons; Judicial Comity. Where a statute of limitation enacts that a defendant's absence from the State will prevent its running, but that "in the case of a foreign corporation, if it has a managing agent in the State, service of the writ may be made on him," in a suit brought against a foreign corporation more than five years after the cause of action had accrued, the time during which the plaintiff was di-abled from suing by reason
of defendant having tio managing agent in the State, is not to be counted as part of the five years' limitationperiod. Express Company v. Ware, 543.

STATUTES OF THE UNITED STATES. See Revised Statutes of the United States.

The following, among others, referred to, commented on, and explained:

1789. September 24. See Judiciary Act of 1789; Jurisdiction. 1850. September 9. See Utah.

1861. March 2. 1861. August 6.

S&e Subsistence Stores. See C,fiscation Acts.

1862. 1862. 1863.

July 6. July 17. March 12.

See Evidence. See ConfiscationActs. See Rebellion, 1, 2.

1864. 1864. 1864. 1864. 1866. 1867. 1867.

June 3. June 30. July 2. July 4. July 26. February 5. March 2.

See National Banks. See InternalRevenue. See Evidence, 8. See Subsistence Stores. See RiparianRights, 4. See JudiciaryAct; Jurisdiction,2, 3. See Bankrupt Act; Internal Revenue, 2, 8;
Removal of Causes.

1868. July 20. 1870. July 12.

See InternalRevenue, 1. See Twentyper cent. cases.

1870. July 14: 1871. March 3.

See InternalRevenue, 2, 3. See Texas.

STOCK CONTRACT. 'Where a person in consideration of property (not money) to be assigned by another, agrees to give a certain number of shares of stock, hav-
ing on the- day of the contract a fixed market value'I and, refusing to
gie the stock, is sued at law for a breach of the contract, evidence of the value of the stock at any other time than at the date of the contract is rightly excluded;. its value at that date being agreed on and admitted. I1umaston v. Telegraph C.mpany, 21.

STOCKHOLDERS. Of a bank whose charter binds them "respectively for all the debts of the bank in proportion.to their stock therein" cannot be sued at law, there being numerous other creditors. The remedy is in equity: Pollard v. Bailey, 520.

SUBSISTENCE STORES. When, without any express contract founded on advertisement or on

INDEX.

709

SUBSISTENCE STORES (continued). military exigency, subsistence stores have been received into custody by army pfficers in frontier parts of the country, and subsequently, the use of them becoming necessary or convenient, have been in part used, in part ddstroyed through carelessness of the army subalterns, and in part become useless from natural causes, the government is properly charged with the value of all except of the part which had spoiled through natural causes; but chargeable only at the value of the stores when they were received by it. United Statcs v. Gill, 517.
SURETY. See Principaland Surely.
TAXATION. See CunstitutionalLaw, 1-8; Estoppel; Internal Revenue. 1. A contract by a State to give upits power to tax any property within it, can be made only by words which show clearly and unequivocally an intention to make such a contract. North Missouri Railroad" Company v. Mlaguire, 46. 2. An act of the Missouri legislature, by which it was declared that "the Pacific Railroad shall be exempt from taxation until the same shall be completed, opened, and in operation, and shall declare a dividend, when the road-bed and othe property of such completed road shall be subject to taxation: "Provided, That if said company shall fail, for the period of two years after said roads respectively shall be completed and put in operation, to declare a dividend, that then said company shall no longer be exempt from the payment of said tax," created a contract that, subject to the proviso, the railroad should not be taxed. Pacific.Railroad Company v. Maguire, 36. 8. An ordinance adopted as part of the State constitution, levying a tax on the gross receipts of the company, within two years after it was completed and. put in operation, in order to pay debts of the State, contracted in order to help to build the road (and which the railroad company wag, as between itself and the State, primarily bound to pay) impaired the obligation of the contract, and was ioid. lb. 4. The act of the legislature of Missouri of February 16th, 1865, to provide for the completion'of the North Missouri Railroad, does not clearly show an intention of the State to give up its power to tax the property of the corporation owning that*railroad. North'Missouri RailroadCompany v. Maguire,46. 5. The ordinance of the 8th of April, 1865, adopted by the people of Missouri, as part of the constitution of the State establi.,hcd on that day, was, as respected the North Missouri Railroad Company,'t true exercise of the taxing power of the State, and not a mere change of the order of disbursing the receipts of the earnings of the company as prescribed by the act of the legislature above named.. 1b.
" TESTIMONIO." See Teas, 3.
TEXAS. 1. When, under what, is known in Texas as its ".Sequestration Act," a person'has brought suit to recover land/.and the marshals in pursu'ance of the writ of sequestration, takes possession of the land, it is in

710

INDEX.

TEXAS (continued). the custody of the law. But when replevied (as the said act allows it to be), it passes from the possession of the law into the possession of the party replevying. Corneal v. lViltiams, 226.
2. An affidavit filed under the act of the legislature of Texas, approved May 13th, 1846,-requiring an affidavit of such character when the fraudulent character of an instrument of writing, properly recorded, and filed among the papers of the caunc, is meant to be set up,-is properly rejected when not filed within the time prescribed by the act. McPhaul v. LapjIey, 264.
3. A testimonio executed, in 1832, by the proper -Mexican authorities, of a power of attorney for the conveyance of lands, is within the recording acts of Texas. Under Spanish law, and the adjudications pf the Supreme Court of Texas, it is considered as a second original, and of equal validity with the first, and is admissible in evidence though not recorded. lb.
4. Evidence of a person who was not the keeper of the archives, nor in any way officially connected with the office to which they belonged, and which was offered to prove that such a testimonio was not a copy of the protocol (this- not being produced), thougl the witness had in his hand photographs of certain pages of the protocol which did conform in other respects than that of signature and date with the testimonio, and when it was not offered to follow the evide. , n any way, held, under circumstances, properly rejected. lb.
TEXAS INDE)NNITY BONDS. Certain of these bonds held free from the objection that they had be-n issued by the State of Texas in aid of the rebellion or other unlawful purpose, though overdue when they'passed from the treasury of the State, and though unindorsed by the governor. The cases of Texas v. lthite and M/iles (7 Wallace, 718), Same v. Hardenberq (10 Id. 68), and Same v. Ilittibaqton (16 Id. 402), considered, and their true restilatscertained and 2tpplied to the present case. -NationalBank of Washington v. Texas, 72.
TONNAGE TAX. See Wharves. Any duty, or tax, or burden imposed under the authority of the States, which is in its essence a contribution claimed for the privilege of arriving- and departing from a port of the United States, and which is assessed on a vessel according to its carrying capacity, is a tonnage tax within the meaning of the Federal Constitution, and therefore void. Cannon v. New Orleans, 577.
TRADE, CONTRACTS IN RESTRAINT OF. See Contract, 2.
"TWENTY PER CENT. LAW." The liberal view taken in the Tiventyper Cent. Cases (13 Wallace, 576) of the joint resolution of 28th February, 1867, declared to be the true view and applied to other cases essentially like those; but not applied to the case of a person hired at Washington to do service outof Wa-hington, nor to a contractor who contracted to deliver finished work,

INDEX.

"fTWENTY PER CENT. LAW" (continued).
and who employed another to do it for him. Twenty per Gent. Cases, 179. 2. An act passed on the 12th of July, 1870, repealing "all acts and -joint resolutions, or parts thereof, and all resolutions of either house of Congress granting extra pay," the act "1to take effect on the 1st day of July, 1870," did not affect the rights given by the joint resolution abovementioned. lb.

UNITED STATES, THE. No general words in a statute divest it of its rights or remedies. States v. Herron, 251.

United

USAGE. See Insurance, 2.

UTAH. The act of the Territoriai legislature conferring on the Probate Courts a general jurisdiction in civil and criminal cases, and both in chancery and at common law, is inconsistent with the organic act, and void. The jurisdiction of the Supreme and District Courts, and of the legis-
lative power of the Territory, defined. Ferrisv. Higley, 375.

VOLUNTARY SETTLEMENT. -1. A deed by which a husband, on articles of separation hetween him and his wife, binds himself to pay, in trust for her, a certain amount of money (capital), and interest on it till'paid, becomes a voluntary settlement if, before payment is made, the.parties are reconciled, make null all the covenants of the articlei of separation, and cohabit again, with an agreement that the settlement shall stand as agreed on, except that the husband shall not pay interest while he and his wife live together. Kehr v. Smith, 31. 2. A voluntary settlement of $7000 cannot be sustained against creditors where the person owes $9306, and has, of all sorts of property, the same being not cash, not more than $16,132. Ib.
WAIVER OF CONTRACT. See Contract,4.
WAIVER OF JURY. See Montana.
WAIVER OF- LIEN. Of a. bottomry bond paid by adjusters of average, adjusting the business of a vessel, not presumed to be extinguished as against themselves. Belle of the Sea, 421.
WAIVER OF FLEA. See Pleading, 3.
WHARVES. See Tonnage Tax. For the use of wharves, piers, and similar structures, whether owned by individuals or by a city or other corporation, a reasonable compensation may be charged to the vessel, to be regulated in the interest of the public by a State. legislature or city council. But in the exercise of thig right care must be taken that it Is not made to cover a violation of the Federal Constitution, which lirohibits the States to lay any duty of tonnage. Cannon v. New Orleans, 577.

712

INDEX.

WISCONSIN. Under the act of Congress of July 6th, 1862, and statutes of Wisconsin, passed in 1863 and 1868, a married woman'may in thie Circuit Court for Wisconsin, in an action on the case by her husband and herself for injuries (lone to her person, be examined as a witness for the plaintiffs. Packet Company v. Clougif, 528.
WITHDRAWAL OF APPEARANCE. A withdrawal, " without prejudice to the plaintiff," of a general appearance entered by an zttorney, for the defendant, means that the position of the plaintiff is not to be unfavorably affected by the act of withdrawal; that all his rights are to remain as they then stood. Creightoav. Kerr, 8.
WITNESS. See Wiscensin.
WRIT OF ERROR. See Practice.

CASES
ARGUED AND ADJUDGED
IN
or.
THE UNITED STATES,
OCTOBE-1 TERMS, 1873 AND 1874.
REPORTED BY
JOHN WILLIAM'WALLAOE.
VOL. XX.
WASHINGTON, D.C.: W. H. & 0. H. MORRISO N,
1875.

Entered according to Act of Congress, in the year 1875. Jay W. H. & 0. H. MORRISON,
In the Office of the Librarian of Congress, at Washington.

MEMORANDA.
BENJAMIN ROBBINS CURTIS.
THE Honorable BENJAMIN ROBBINS CURTIS, for several years one of the judges of this court, but at the time of his death, returned to the bar, departed this life at Newport, R I.; September 15th, 1874. On Monday, October 13th, at the opening of the term first following the sad event, the bar of this court met in the court-room, at 12 o'clock, to pay respect to his memory.
The Hon. Jow' ARCHIBALD CAMPBELL was appointed Chairman, and D. W. MIDDLETON, Esquire, Secretary.
On motion of the Hon. P. PHILLIPS, the chair appointed the following Committee on Resolutions, viz., Messrs. Reverdy Johnson, Philip Phillips, W. M. Evarts, Benjamin H. Bristow, George H. Williams, John A. J. Cresswell, Richard T. Merricl, T. D. Lincoln, and Richard M. Corwine.
The committee, through its chairman, reported the following resolutions:
THE BAR OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE- UNITRD STATES, assembled upon occasion of the death of their brother .CuRTIs, in testimony of their great affection and esteem for him in life, and of their sense of the loss -which the courts and the bar of the whole country and the community at large suffer in his death, adopt the following resolutions:
Resolved, That we find in the professional life, labors, and honors of BENJAMIN ROBBINS CURTIS, as displayed in an elevated and extended career of judicial and forensic duty and distinction, the imposing traits and qualities of intellect and character which, in concirrence\rmake up the true and permanent fame among men of a great lawyer and a gi~eat judge.
Resolved, That the example presented by his life, of great natural powers faithfully disciplined and completely developed, expanded by large acquirements, and kept vigorous and alert by strenuous exercise, applied to noble uses, and effecting illtfstrious results upon a conspicuous theatre of actioa and in manifold and diversified opportunities of public service and 'of public notice, is rare among lawyers as among men, and furnishes a just and assured title to permanent renown in the memdry of his countrymen.
Resolved, That in the special qualities which mark him as a consummate forensic advocate and as an authoritative judge, the structure of Afr. CURTIS's mind, and its discipline, combined the widest and most circumspect
(v)

V1

MEMORANDA.

comprehension of all facts of legal import, however multitudinous; a luminous and penetrating insight into the intricacies and obscurities of the most complex relations; and an etieacious power of.reason, which produced the many admirable exhibitions of his faculties at the bar and on the bench, which for forty-two years have served the administration of justice and attracted the attention of the profession and of the public.
Resolved, That we comnmemorate with no less satisfaction and applause the moral qualities-which illustrate the whole professional service of our deceased brother-is justice to all, his kindness to associates, his fidelity to the courts and to the law, his scrupulous contribution of his best powers and his complete attention to every cause whose advocacy he assumed'-his resolute maintenance of the just limits which separate the duties of an advocate and the duties of an adviser and.of a declarer o' the law upon professional opinions-his fidelity to society, to government, to religion, to truth-all these traits of duty, asisthe rule of his life, we present to the living lawyers and to their successors or their sincerest homage.
_Resolved, That the Attorney-General be requested to present these resolutions to the Supreme Court, and to move, in our behalf, that they be entered upon its minutes; and that the chairman of this meeting be'requested to forward a copy of them. to the family.of our deceased brother.
After the r'eading of the resolutions, the Hlonorable REVE RDY
JOHNSON,.said:-
31R. CHAIRMAN : Before- moving, as I propose to do, the adoption- of the report of the committee, I beg leave.to trespass for a few moments upon the time of the meeting. The event which has brought us together was a sevdre blow upon the heart of the entire l~rofession. Of the many bereavements which we have had heretofore to deplore no'one.has given us more sincere sorrow than. the death of BENJAMIN R. CfLICTIS. In all respects'he was a man to be loved and admired. As a friend he was warm and sincere; as a lawyer, learned and accomplished; as a judge, of transcendent ability. To those who knew him intimately (and I am oe' that number) his death is a great personal afflictton.
"Myacquaintance with him commenced when, in 1851, upon ,the recommendation of Mr. Webster, be became one- of the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court, and this acquaintance soon ripened into a close friendship which continued urfboken to the last. Aad having been a very constant attendant on the court for the last six years of his connection with it, and during the seventeen years that have elapsed since his resignation, when, at every session, he appeared as c6unsel, I was afforded the best opportunity of forming an opinion of him as judge and lawyer. I think, therefore, that I have a just estimate of him in both characters. As a judge of this high tribunal, it is impossible to imagine one who could'be more fully competent to discharge its high and arduous duties. With a wealth of learning always adequate to the occasion, he was ever felicitous in his application of it to the case before him. His judicial opinions, indeed, all of them, were models of a correct style. It my with perfect truth be said of them, what, upon an occasion like the present, he said of the opinions of the late pure and great judge, Chief Justice Taney, that they were characterized "by purity of style

MEMORANDA.
dnd clearness of thought." His argumentД at the bar possessed equally sterling merit. The statement of his case, and the points which it involved, were always transparently perspicuous. And when his premises were conceded'or established, his onclusion was a necessary sequence., His analytical and logical powers were remarkable.. In these respects, speaking from the knowledge of the greatmenwhom I have heard during a very long professional life, I think he was never surpassed. And his manner bf speaking was excellent. He evpr'suited "the action to the word, the word to the action," and never overstepped ;the modesty of nature." He was always calm, dignified, iknd inipressive, and, therefore, persuasive. No lawyer who heard him begin an argument ever failed to remain until he had concluded. Were I to select instances as exhibiting his -highest judicial excellence and his "highest forensic ability, I would' point, for the one, to kis dissenting opinion in what is known ps. the "Dred Scott Case,'" and, for the other, to his opening argument in the.defence of President Johnson in the Impeachment Trhii. Able as was the opinion of the majority of the coUrt in that case, delivered by Chief Justi' Taney, it was admitted at the time, I believe,
by most of the profession, that the. dissenting opinion of Judge Curtis was equally powerfuL Lawyers may.differ, as they have differed, as to which of these two eminent men were right, but they wiill all concede that the view of each was-maintained with extraordinary,ability, whilst thuse who knew them both will nere" differ as to the sincerity of their respective convictions.
As to the other, --his defence of President Johnson,-hitving listened to it, and having more than once read -it carefully, I think I am, justified ih saying that' it covered every question which the case involved, and, although it was afterwards enforced by his able associates, it 9f itself greatly contributed to the.defeat of the impeachment.. Nothing could have exceeded the clearness bf statement, the knowledge pertinent to the contest, or the power of reasoning by which he maintained his conclusions. It was, I believe,' and, having been one of the judges, I thik "I know, generally thought to be: fatal to the prosecution. When such a man, lawyer, and judge, in the inscrutable dispensation of Pr6vidence, is taken from the prdfession. they cannot avoid feeling that it is not only a private but a public calamity. And it is due to his memory that we should express the sen-e of our loss and the great regard we entertained of him as a man, a lawyer, and a judge: And tiis will-be accomplished by adopting the report of the committee. I therefore move its adoption.
Mr. Johnson was followed by the Honorable"R. T. MERRICK, who said :
Ma. CHAIRMAr: Few men in any age, either in this country or in England, have so faithfully illustrated the power, dignity, and honor of the legal profession as Mr. CURTIS.
His -learning was profound and copious; his mind clear, earnest, and powerful, and allhis faculties were severely disciplined..
His arguments at this bar, probably the most perfect models of forensic debate know not the profession, rested upon the fundamental principles of the science of law applied and analyzed by deep but seemingly easy thought, and enforced by a logic whose severe features were never disfigured by on-

MEMORANDA.
feebling ornament. An appreciative listener could not refuse to follow him in his course of reasoning, for his statement of his case was so-plain, simple, and persuasive, that it commanded attention to the fuller development of his propositions. However voluminous the record or complicated the nature of the case, a statement easy, clear, and concise, though full and comprehensive, disclosed at once the exact questions at issue, and deeply impressed upon all who heard him the convictions in the mind of th~e advocate. Whe., in that great trial in which the President- of the Republic was arraigned before its Senate, sitting as a High Court of Impeachment, Mr. CURTIS had concluded his opening statement for the defence, there was-,dthing left of the case.
His convictions were ardent, hearty, and earnest, and he clung to them with a firmness and tenacity that nothing could affect save only the proof that they were erroneous.
In the dark hours of our national trouble his voice was heard above the tempest of loosened passions vindicating ihe supremacy of law; and when the clash of a4ms had ceased but the storm still raged, he poured forth in this hall his appeal in behalf of a calm and considerate justice which should bear no sign of wrath or passion.
The death of such a man is a severe loss to the country as well as the profession.
I did not rise f6r the purpose of pronouncing a eulogy on Mfr. CURTISthat I leave to others-but only to gratify a demand bf my own feeling. I knew him well and was honored by his friendship and a reasonable share of his confidence. I have listened to him With instruction and delight in publie, and been greatly benefited by his counsel 4 'in private; and as I'admired and loved him in life, I would place upon his grave an humble tribute of respect for his memory.
The Hon. J. A. CAMPBELL, Chairman, then addressed the meeting as follows:
A natural gorrow exists in the judicial tribunals and among the legal profession of the Union by the event of the death of the late Justice CURTIS. - His connection with the distribution of that justice which constitutions and 'laws define and regulate during a period of eventful history has been so intimate, so useful to the country, and so honorable to himself and to his profession, that its sev,,rance occasions a pause, and is felt as a calamity. To form and to maintain this connection was the aim of his life, the cherished and-continuing aspiration of a mind and character well composed. To the members of the same profession, such a life, such a mind, such a character are objects'of particular interest. His aspirations were favored in his birthplace, by his education and by his associations. The history of Massachusetts just before the Revolution, during the Revolution, and until the time that Justice CURTIS received his impressions and impulse, was determined in a great measure by its legal profession. During that period its courts were occupied by men of extraordinary endowments, and of large and liberal culture in law, jurisprudence, philosophy, science,'and literature. The pr6fession of the law was not misAescribed by the term of a learned profession. Dane and Parsons and Dexter; Otis and Story and Wilde;

MEMORANDA.

Parker and Shaw, had stamped their names and characters upon it. The

cQmpetitors that Justice CURTIS had to encounter were Webster, Choate,

Loring, Bartlett, and others whose impulses were thesame as his own. The

scrutiny his arguments had to experience was that of Story, Parker, Shaw,

Wilde, Putman, Dewey, Metcalf, Sprague.

His first conviction must have been that, to consummate his purpose, he

must need to

"Pitch his project high: sink not In spirit."

His first counsel to himself,

"Let thy mind still be bent, still plotting where, And when, and how the business must be done. '

After twenty years of labor on this "project" and under this counsel, in 1851 he was selected, as was the report of that day, by Mr. Webster, as'the fittest person to fill the vacancy, occasioned by the death of Justice Woodbury, in the Supreme Court of the United States. Mr. Webster said he wanted a full term of lifelong service. He cilled for Justice CURTIS in .the meridian of professional life. The appointment came to Justice CURTIS. He'was not re'tuired to pursue it or to beseech it. It came to him by a divine right-as the' fittest.
At the time the court was presided over by Chief Justice Taney, who had established, to the acknowledgment of all, that his commission was held by

,the same title. He was' theii seventy-three years of age, bowed by years and infirmity of constitution. In the administration of the order and procedure of the court there was dignity, firmness, stability, exactitude, and with these benignity, gentleness, grace, and right coming. The casual visitor acknowledged that it was the most majestic tribunal of the Union, and that the Chief Justice was the fittest to pronounce in it the oracles of justice.
Justice CURTIs at the same time met seven associates-Justices McLean,
Wayne, Catron, McKinley, Daniel, Nelson, and Grier. All of these had passed the meridian of ordinary life before their junior
associate had come to the'bar. There was much stateliness in their appearance, and, with dizzersities of character, education, discipline, attainments, and experience; all of them had passed through a career of honorable ser-' vice, were men of strong I-esolution, large grasp of mind, and of honorable purpose. The reception of Justice CURTIS was cordial and hospitable, and with all of these his judicial career commbnced and terminated with. a single exception. The death of Justice McKinley made a vacancy, and that vacancy was supplied by ofhe recommended by the Justices-Justices Catron and CURTIS bearing their recommendation to'the President.
The Reports of Howard disclose that during his judicial term he was generally in accord with the majority of the court. He did not dissent often, and his dissent was usually with a large minority-rarely, if ever, did he stand alone. They show that in some of the most important cases, he prepared the opinions of the court. That these opinions embraced intricate questions of constitutionl law, of admiralty jurisdiction, of commercial law, of the law of patents, of common and equity law. The range of his professional experience in Massachusetts had been wide and comprehensive. His professional studies had embraced. the principles of law and the under-

X

MEMORANDA.

standing of jurisprudence, and the court rested with confidence upon his ability to expound principle and procedure. The opinions show elaboration, a mastery of facts, authorities, and arguments, and a skilful employment of precise and accurate statement and discussion. But these Reports exhibit an imperfect history of the duties actually performed.
The duties of the Justices of the Suprempe Court consist in the hearing of cases; the preparations for the consultations; the consultations in the conference of the judges; the decision of the cause there, and the preparation of the opinion and the judgment of the court. Their most arduous and respon.ible duty is in the conference.
It was here that the merits of Justice CuRis were most conspicuous to his associates. The Chief Justice presided, the deliberations were usually frank and candid. It was a rare incident in the whole of this period the slightest disturbance from irritation, excitement, passion, or impatience. There was habitually courtesy, good breeding, self-control, mutual defer,ence-In Judge CURTIS, invariably so. There was nothing of cabal, combination, or exorbitant desire to carry questions or cases. Their aims were honorable and all the arts employed to attain them were manly arts. The venerable age of the Chief Justice, his gentleness, refinement, and feminine sense of propriety, were felt and realized in the privacy and confidence of these consultations. None felt them more, none has described them so well as Justice CURTIS has done in his graceful tribute to our illustrious Chief Justice since his death, in the Circuit Court of the United States, in Boston.
In these conferences, the Chief Justice usually called the case. He stated the pleadings and facts that they presented, the arguments and his conclusions in regard to them, and invited discussion The discussion was free and open among the Justices till all were satisfied.
The question was put, whether the judgment or decree should be reversed, and each Justice, according to his precedence, commencing with the junior judge, was tequired to give his judgment and his reasons for his conclusion. The concurring opinions of the majority decided the cause and signified the matter of the opinion to be given. The Chief Justice designated the judge to prepare it. Justice CURTIS always came to the conference with full cognizance of the case, the pleadings, facts, questions, arguments, authorities. He participated in the discussions. His opinion was carefully meditated. He delivered it with gravity, and uniformly it was compact, clear, searching, and free from all that was irrelevant, impertinent,-or extrinsic. As a matter u! course, it was weighty in the deliberations of the court. The older judges ,oke of this period with great satisfaction. Justice Nelson, in
a letter written within the last year, said to me that it was the happiest period of his judicial life, and alludes affectionately to the share of Justice CURTis in these proceedings. The Chief Justice so regarded it. The reverence of the junior Justices was gratefully felt and recognized by him.
The last event at the spring term of the year 1857, was the delivery of the dissenting opinion of Justice CuRTis, in the case of Dred Scott.
The court adjourned then, and it proved to be the last event in the judicial career of Justice CURTis. I have never supposed that his resignation had any connection with that or any other occurrence in the court. There was .nothing in the deliberations in that cause to distinguish it from any

MEMORANDA.

Xl

other. Upon the argument in 1856, it was found there was a diversity of opinion upon the matter proper to be decided. A plea in abatement to the jurisdiction, which"presented the capacity of a person of African descent to be a citizen, had been demurred to and the plea ;ejected. There was trial and judgment for the defendant, declaring the plaintiff to be a slave.
The question was, could he insist upon an error in the sustaining of his own demurrer after trial and judgment.
At that -term, Chief Justice Taney, Justices*Wayne, Dainiel, Nelson, and CURTIW, held the affirmative and constituted a majority. A reargument was ordered, and at the next term, Justices McLean, Catron, Nelson, Grier, and
Campbi'll, held the negative. Justice Nelson doubted at jhe first argument, and moved for a reargument, and upon that joined the minority, and so the plea in abatement and the questions" arising upon it in the opinion of the majority of the court were not before the court. The case as reported in 19 Howard, discloses that each member of this majority held to this -opinion, and that neither of them in their separate or concurring opinions examined the merits of the plea or passed an opinion on it. , The same report shows thot each member of this minority did examine the plea and recorded their opinion of it. It was agreed at a day in the term that the questions should bQ considered and each Justice might deal with them as his judgment dictated. The abstinence of a portion of the court on the one side, and the discussion by the others, was regulated by their own opinion as before expressed. And the facts being understood, no censure was deserved by any. My belief is, that Justice CURTIS misconceived the facti and supposed a portion of the court l~ad coneurred.in deciding a case which* they had before determined was not before the court. I make this statement in justice to him as well as to my other brethren. The statement I make is confirmed by Justice Nelson in a letter of his published by the biographer of the Chief Justice. In"respect to the merits of the respective opinions, I have no design to say a word. They are marked with great ability, and are an honor to the court which was able to produce them. They
will be considered hereafter as a link in the-cbain of historical events,'and justice will be done to all parties connected.with them.
I am not aware that there was any hostility or unkindness felt-or ex-
pressed to Justice CURTIS by those who did. not concur with him. I can speak positively as .to some, and shall speak as to myself. Our relations had been cordial and kindly. He informed me by letter'of his resignlation. ,I expressed to him my sincere regret for the occurrence, and I testified to the admiratiod and respect I bore for his ability and integrity'and usefulness in the court. These relations'remained undisturbed by time, distance, the corroding effects of sectional strife and civil war, until the hour of hi; lamented death.
.My personal intercourse with Justice CURTIS after his resignation was limited, and I had but little contact with his subsequent professional life. During the pr!iod of his connection with the court, his ambition seemed' to be to associate his name honorably and permanently-with the administration of justice in this country, and for this end he sought to understand the whole science of law and procedure, and to have a clear' conception of a legitimate internal policy for the Union. His ambition imposed a necessity

XII

MEMORANDA.

for labor, continual improvement, habitual intercourse with judicial and

public administration, and the discussion of constitutional and legal ques-

tions, and oversight and counsel in the affairs of individuals and com-

munities.

To reach the eminence to which he aspired and to which he attained he

must have realized to'himself

"This life of mine,

Must be lived out, and a grave thoroughly earned."

His plan was pursued with constancy, and the lives of few stiow more consistency and symmetry. The-prizes of ambition he accepted were within the scope of this aim ; those he relinquished or neglected were inconsonant. His tasks of real life were determined, and to these tasks he confined ijis appointed work. In his course he found that the justice a state or a nation can distribute bears a small proportion to the demands of society for justice.
He found, likewise, that justice, though the chief, is not the only virtue; that it is the ministry to reason and the master of human action, but is not all of humanity.
So, in his onward progress to the goal he had set before him, besides virtue and knowledge, public reputation for incorrupt integrity, large and useful endowments of mind, influence with courts and tribunals, he also acquired faith, knowledge of religion, and entered into a close communion with his God ; and thereby he earned his grave and his rest from his labors.
The tribute which the courts and the members of the legal profession from different States have willingly rendered to his memory, expresses to his family, to his friends, and to the country that "blessings are on the head of the just."

The resolutions were thereupon unanimously adopted, and the meeting adjourned.

On the 23d October (that being the first day of the term when the court was full), Mr. WILLIAMS, the Attorney-General, addressed the court as follows:
MAy IT PLEASE THE COURT: BENJAMIN R. CURTIS, formerly an Associate Justice of this court, and one of the most distinguished members of its
bar, departed this life on the 15th day of last month; and his professional associates here, feeling like a family bereft of its head,.have expressed the sense of their bereavement in fitting resolutions; which, at their request, I have now the honor to present to the court. Our deceased brother was born at Watertown, Massachusetts, in the year 1809, and came down to his grave with all his faculties unimpaired by decay or the infirmities of age.
I can only speak of Judge CURTIS as a lawyer, and those who knew him in that capacity will not, I am sure, charge me with exaggeration in saying 'that all that has been said of the ablest and best of our profession may with fitness be applied to him. I was a member of the High Court of Impeachment when the President of the United States was put upon his trial before that body; and haa, therefore, an excellent opportunity to see and hear the deceased, who was the leading counsel for the defence in that case. The late Chief Justice presided. Senators and Representatives occupied the floor

MEMORANDA.

X1II

of the Senate, and distinguished people from all parts of the wofid filled it galleries. The political pulses of the nation throbbed with intense anxiety: The scene was thrilling and historic.
When the prosecutors had submitted their evidence in support of the articles of impeachment, Judge CURTIS followed with a statement of the respondent's defence. I was greatly impressed with his presence. When he arose to speak, he seemed to be the perionification of solidity and strength. Added to his striking features and form be had a peculiarly firm and broad way of standing while he spoke which seemed to express an inflexible determination not to be moved from his positions. He was not excited or embarrassed. He commenced with the composure of conscious power. He presented the facts and points of the case in such a comprehensive, compact, and logical manner, as to make the speech a model of forensic discussion. Brougham .or Burke would have displayed upon that occason a wealth of imagery and illustration; but the language of Judge CURTIS was as pure and chaste as
the lectures of Blackstone. I will not venture to say that our departed brother was the equal of
Webster; .but it is safe, I think, to assert that he was more like Webster than any man who has of late years, if ever, appeared in this court. Spe one has said of Lord Mansfield, that his statement of the facts of a case wag worth the argument of any other man; and few gentlemen will feel dispar-. aged, I presume, if this remark is made applicable to Judge CURTIS.
His eminence as a Justice of this court has been' universally acknowledged. His opinions indicate an enlightened and conscientious judgment. Masterly expositions of constitutional law have been given from time to-time by the great Judges of this'court; but none ever delivered here was more exhaustive in its learning, or far-reaching in its results, than his dissenting opinion in the Dred Scott Case. Chief Justice Taney and his Associates, excepting CURTIS and McLean, labored with great ability to make color a constitutional criterion of American citizenship; but Justice CURTIs, with a broader appreciation of the true principles of our government, affirmed that the free native-born citizens of each State are citizens of the United States;, and on' account (if the overwhelming force with which he made the reason and justice of this.declaration to appear, the contrary opinion of the court has been without any considerable yeight or'influence. Civil war has since followed .upon this and cognate questions; but it yet remains for this court to deikne the rights, immunities, and privileges of citizens of the United States, and to determine to what degree of protection, as such citizens, they are entitled to from the government of the United States.
Our deceased friend was not distinguished in the politidal world. He was never drawn into the vortex of partisan strife by the prospect of official honors. His ambition was to be a great and successful lawyer. Seventeen years ago he gave up his exalted position upon the bench of this court to resume the practice of his profession, and since then he has hardly been equalled in the number and variety of the great cabses in which'he Has appeared.
His solid and massive intellect was enriched by acquisitions from every branch of jurisprudence. He argued questions as to the functions of government, the construction of statutes, and the doctrines of thd unwritten law, with an equal fulness of learning and pr'ofoundness of thought. There were

MEMORANDA.

no fanciful quotations or pomp of words about his speeches. They were as plain and simple as they could be. This is the highest style of speaking at the bar. Weakness of argumentative power, as often as otherwise, displays itself in turgid and showy declamation; but to make each word a nece,-sary link in a chain of logic, that draws and binds the judgment of the hearer to the conclusion of him who speaks, is the work of a master mind; and in this Judge CURTIS excelled. Few cases come before this court in which there is not a great variety of debatable points-some vital and others incidental to the controversy-and very often all of these are discussed as though there was no difference in their vAlue; but, in addition to his other fine faculties, Judge CURTI. had the power to detect and eliminate from a case its decisive issues, and witL. these alone he occupied the time of the court.
I would not seek vainly to pour flattery into the "dull, cold ear of death," or seem to praise one who is dead as though he had none of the infirmities of human nature; but, leaving out of view his personal, domestic, and social qualities and habits (of which I know little or nothing), and judging only from his professional cbarapter, I feel at liberty to say that, as nearly as any one I ever knew, he filled the measure of a perfect lawyer. "When an intellect so highly gifted by nature, and so developed and invigorated by discipline and culture, is extinguished, society, as well as friends, suffer a great loss. The bench and the bar are stricken with a real sorrow.
Our -sad duties to-day forcibly remind us of the brevity of human life. All those who with Judge CURTIS occupied the seats now filled by your Honors are, with one exception, dead; but they are not forgotten, and will not be so long as in this supreme tribunal of justice,'questions relatir:g to the-powers of government, the relations of states, and the rights of citizens are argued and decided. No more, forever, will they be seen here; but their words of wisdom and authority remain. Grateful memories silently linger around their recorded opinions' Our successors, and those who come after them, will, as we do now, ponder over their imperishable thoughts with pleasure and profit. Humbly following their example and emulating their virtues, we may hope tht when our time comes to go from this earthly court to a higher judgment seat, we can look cheerfully into the Great Hereafter, hnd like them, too, leave behind us "footprints in the sands of time."

After the reading of the resolutions, the CHIEF JUSTICE replied

as follows:

The court unites most cordially.with the bar in honoring the memory of

the late Judge CURTIS. I had not, myself, the pleasure of his personal ac-

quaintance; but it needs no such acquaintance to know that, as a lawyer, he

was true to his clients and just to the courts, and that, as a judge, he was

upright, learned, and practical. An able and useful lawyer, and an honest

'and honored judge is dead. The court mourns his loss, and trusts that the

time is far distant when his professional and judicial life will not be looked

upon as worthy of imitatibn by lawyers and judges.

The clerk will enter the resolutions of the bar, and the remarks of the

Attorney-Genieral in presenting them, upon the records, and as a tribute of

respect to one who ivhile a member of this court performed all his duties

faithfully and well, we will now,

ADJOURN JOR TEIR DAY.

ALLOTMENT, ETC., OF THE JUDGES
OF THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
As MADE APRIL 1, 1874, UNDER THE ACTS OF CONGRESS OF JULY 23, 1866, AND MARCH 2, 1867.

NAME OF THE JUDGE, AND STATE NUMER AND TERRITORY OF THE DATE AND AUTHOR OF THEJUDOES'

WHENCE COMING.

CIRCUIT.

COIIISSION.

CHIEF JUSTICE.
How. M. R. WAITE, Ohio.

FOURTH.
MARYLAND, WEST VIRGINIA, VIRGINIA,NORTH CAROLINA, AND 6OUTII CAROLINA.

1874. January 21st.
PRESIDENT GRANT.

ASSOCIATES.
Hon. WARD HUNT, New York.

SECOND, NEW YORE, VERMONT,
AND CONNECTICUT.

1872. December 1 th.
PRESIDENT GRANT.

HoN. WM STRONG. Pennsylvania.

TR1IRD. PENNSYLVANIA, NEW JER-
AND DELAWARE.

1870. February 18th.
PRESIDENT GRANT.

HoN. N. CLIFFORD, Maine.

FIRST. MAINE, NEW HAMPSHIRE,
MASSACHUSETTS, AND RHODE ISLAND.

1858. January 12"th.
PRESIDENT BUCHANAN.

HoN.

FIFTH.

J. P. BRADLEY, GEORGIA, FLORIDA!, ALA-

New Jersey.

BAMA, Mississippi, Lou.

ISIANA, AND TEXAS.

1870. March 21st.
PRESIDENT GRANT.

HON. N.

H. SWAYNE, Ohio.

SIXTH.
OHIO, MI(HIGAN, KENTUCKY, AND TENNESSEE.

1862. January 24th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

HON.

S. F. MILLER, Iowa.

EIGHTH.
MINNESOTA, IOWA, MIS-
SOURI, KANSAS, A RKAN-
SAS, AND NEBRASKA.

1862. July 16th.
PRESIDENT'LINcOLN.

SEVENTH.

HON. DAVID DAVIS, INDIANA, ILLINOIS, AND

Illinois.

.ISCONSIN.

1862. December 8th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

HON. S. J. FIELD, California.

NINTH. eALIFORNIAOREGON, ANID
NEVADA.

1863. March 10th.
PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

(iv )

