HORN V. LOCKHART.

[Sup. C.

Syllabus.

In -The amnes Gray v. The John I-Maser,* stress was laid upon the fact that there was no act of Congress in conflict with the city ordinance in questioii. - See, also, in this counection, Osborne v. The 6'ly of .obile.t
If the requirements of the statute here in question were,. as contended by the counsel for the plaintiff in error, regedalions of commerce, the question would arise, whether, regarded in the light of the authorities referred to, and of reason and principle, they are not regulations of such a character as to be valid until superseded by the paramount action of Congress. But as we are unanimously of the opinion that they are merely police regulations, it is unnecessary to pursue the subject.
JUDGMENT AFFIRMED.

HORN v. LoCKHART .ET AL.

1. When objection is taken to the jurisdiction of the Circuit Court of the United States by reason of the citizenship of some of the parties to a suit, the question is whether to a decree authorized by the case presented they are indispensable rarties. If their interests are severable from those of other parties, and a decree without prejudice to their rights can be made, the jurisdiction of the court should be retained and the suit dismissed as to them.
2. To a suit brought in the Circuit Court of the United States by legatees in a will to compel an executor to account for moneys received by him from sales of property belonging to the estate of his testator, and to pay to -them their distributive shares, it is no answer for the executor to show that he invested such funds in the bolids of the Confederate government by authority of a law of the State in which-he was executor, and that such investment was approved by the decree qf the probate court having settlement of the estate. Such investment was a direct contribution to the resources of the Confederate-government, and was an illegal transaction, and the decree of the probate court approving the investment and directing the payment of the distributive shares of the
legatees in such bonds was an absolute nullity, and affords no protection, to the executor in the courts of the United States.

* 21 Howard, 184.

2 116 Wallace, 479.

Oct. 1873.]

HORN v. LOCKHART.

Statement of the case.
3. The acts of the several States in their individual capacities, and of their different departments of-government, executive, judicial, and legislative, during the war, so far as they did not impair or tend to impair the supremacy of the National authority, or the just rights of citizens under the Constitution, are, in general, to be treated as valid and binding.

APPCAL from the Circuit Court for the Southern District of Alabama; 'the case being thus:
In March, 1858, one John Horn, of Marengo County,
Alabama, died, leaving a considerable estate, including a homestead plantation of 720 acres, a smaller- tract of 208
acres, with other pieces of land, seventy-eight negro slaves, and other personalty; and leaving also a widow and six children, among them a soni John A. 0. Horn, and daughters; one married to Williai Lockhart, another married to Charles Lockhart, and a third married to one MuPhail.
These three daughters, with their husbands, resided in 'Texas. The rest of the children and the widow resided, as the decedent had done, in Alabama. In May, 1857, the deceased made a will, which was in existence up to a short time prior to his death. His said son alleged that it had been afterwards fraudulently purloined and destroyed. The daughters alleged that their father voluntarily destroyed it before his death.
Soon after the death of Horn, the son procured himself to be appointed administrator ad colligendum, and by petition in the Probate Court of Marengo County, set -up a paper which he Elleged to be a true copy of his father's will, with allegations as to its spoliation, &c., and praying that it might be established as his will. The widow and all the cildren residing in Alabama, were duly cited to appear and show cause why. the alleged will should not be admitted to probate. As the Lockharts with McPhail and wife resided in Texas, a notice of tl~e time and place set for the hearing was duly published in a newspaper, as authorized and required by the laws of Alabama. Some only of the parties interested appeared, and contested the probate of the alleged will. The question as to its validity was tried by a jury according to the laws of Alabama; and it was estab-

HORN v. LOCKHART.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

lished by their verdict and the judgment of the court in September, 1858. In November following, letters testamentarv were issued to the son, as the executor.
.By the wilL thunsestahlished, the homestead was given to the son atter his mother's- -decease, and the smaller tract of 2.08-acres was directed to be sold and the proceeds divided equally amongst the daughters. ' The residue 'of the estate was to be -equally diviaed between all the children. The widow repudiated the-will and claimed her dower.
On the 29th of December, 1858, by order of the, court, a division of the slaves of the testator was made between his widow and children,-by commissioners appointed for the purpose and -upon a valuation then made. The daughters severally, with their husbands, gave receipts for those which were assigned to them in this-division; the receipts reciting that the slaves received were in full of their distributive share of the fiegro property of the deceased. At the same time the executor made payments of money to the daughters, and took receipts for the amounts, reciting that they were in part payment of their claims against the estate.
In October, 1859, the executor filed a partial account of his administration, including his sales of property at the said division of slaves. Some of the items of the account were contested, but in May, 1860,.a decree was finally made by which it was declared that the executor had in his hands for distributioti $10,783, proceeds of the land sold and to be divided arong'the daughters, and $5159, p'roceeds of personal property to be divided among the wid w and children in' accordance with the will, specifying the amount payable to each. Such div.ision was accordiigly made, and receipts taken by the executor from the parties.
In August, 1860, and January, 1861, a citation was issued at the suit of some of the daughters to call the executor to a final account. There was then a balancein his hands due from one Craighead, the purchaser of the real estate, devised for the benefit of the daughters. It had been sold on the 8th of January, 1859, on a credit of twelve months, for $10,400, of which $6240 had been paid in good money by

Oct. 1873.]

HORN V. LOCKHART.

Statement of tho case.

the purchaser, and included in the partial account settled in May, 1860. But there was still a balance due of $4160, besides interest. Craighead died in June, 1859. His wife took out letters of administration on his estate.- By the laws of Alabama, she, as administrator, could not have been sued until after six mouths from the grant of letters ofAadministration, but the executor did not bring suit after that term hd elapsed for the balance thus due from the estate; nor did he collect the amount until October, 1862, when he took it in Confederate notes, amounting t6 $5075.
He kept this money, and other money of the estate which he had previously received from certain sales of property, in Confederatb funds in his hand until March, 1864, when, under sanction of laws of Alabama then existing, he deposited $7900 thereof as executor in the Confederate States .depository office at Selma, Alabama, and received a certificate entitling him to Confederate States fbur per cent. bonds to that amount. The receiving of mbney by Horn, Jr., as executor, in Confederate notes, and the investment of said. notes in Confederate bonds, were in strict accordance with laws passed by the legislature of Alabama in November, 1861, and November, 1863, whilst that State was engaged in rebellion against the United States.
In May, 1864, on the 2d of that nmonth, the final accounts of the exectitor were passed in the probate court after due publicaion of notice, and he resigned his executorship in accordance with the laws of Alabama. The final decree recited the fact that it appeared that the executor had invested the moneys of the estate in his hands, being proceeds of sales of property of the estate, in four per cent. Confederate bonds, and approved and confirmed the same, and directed the several shares of the widow and children of the deceased to be paid to them in said bonds. The bonds were never accepted by the legatees, nor did it appear that they were ever tendered to them by the executor.
In this state of things, the Lockharts, resident as already mentioned in Texas, filed their bill, on the 15th of November, 1867, in the court below, agaitist Horn, the executor, the

HORN V. LOCKHART.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

Widow, and, the other daughters and their husbands (all of them being residents of Alabama, except McPhail anld wife, who, qs alreadysaid, resided,as did the complainants themselhes, in .'exas), to set aside the alleged will, which had been admitted to probate in September, 1858, and to recover their distributive share of the estate of their father, or in case the .-will should be sustained, to recover from the executor the balance due them is legatees, which he had invested in Confederate bonds; they insisting in their bill that there was no law, either valid or pretended, which authorized the Probate Cohrt of Marengo County to render a decree making the amounts due them payable in Confederate bonds, and alleging that no such bonds were ever paid to or received by
them. Objection was taken ,in the Circuit Court to its jurisdic-
tion, on account of the residence of these two defendants in
the same State with the complainants. The court in its final decree directed the bill to be e,,
missed as to these two defendants, as not b'eing essential parties to the suit by the complainants.
On the main question the court held that the complainants were barred by the statute of limitations of Alabama, from filing a bill to set aside the will, and were estopped from doing so by their own acts, inasmuch as after the will
was admitted to probate they had twice received, without. 'Objection or protest, dividends of the property of the deceased, founded on the directions of his will, and gave to the executor acquittauces therefor; that in this they had recognized the will, and recognized the son as the executor thereof, and that they could not afterwards come- into a court of equity without any allegation of fraud or concealment, or newly discovered evidence, and ask to have the
will set aside.
But the court held that the executor could not exonerate himself from liability for the"balance adjudged due the legatees, by paying the same in Confederate bonds. It observed that as a general rule all transactions, judgments, and decrees ivhich took place in conformity with existing

Oct. 1873.]

HORN v. LOCKHART.

Argument for the appellant.

laws in the Confederate States between the citizens thereof, during the late war, except such as were directly in aid of the rebellion,ought to standgood; that the exception of such transactions was a political necessity required by the dignity of the government of the United States, and by every principle of fidelity to the Constitution and laws of our common country; that by this rule the present case must be judged, and that by this rule the deposit of the $7900, money of the estate, in the depository of the Confederate States at Selma, could not be sustained, hs it was a direct contribution to the resources of the Confederate government. The decree of the court, therefore, directed the executor to pay to the complainants in lawful money of the United States the several sums adjudged to be due to them by the probate court on the rendition of his final account in May, 1864. From this decree an appeal was taken by .the executor alone.
The case was twice argued.

Mr. P. -Phillipsf,or the appel~ani:
I. The final decree is the first iotice which the record gives of the dismissal of the bill as to McPhail. and wifeBut whether or not the court had jurisdiction of the cause must be determined by the- state of the cause when it was submitted f6r decision. Even Gonolly v. Taylor,* which may be relied on by the other side, does not justify the action in this case. Counsel there had been arguing that the jurisdiction depended on the state of the parties at the commencement of the suit. The Chief Justice says, in reply, that the defect may "be corrected at any time before the hearing." Again he says:
"Had the cause come onfor a hearing in this state of parties a decree could not have been made for want of jurisdiction. The ·name'bf the citizen, plaintiff was, however, struck out of the bill before the cause was brought before the court."
The bill here is filed by the Lockharts to set aside a will, to have distribution made of the estate, and an account against
2 Peters, 564.

:IoRN V.' LOCKHART.[

[Sup. or.

Argument for the appellant.'

the executor. In such-a bilt MPhail and wife were necessary parties,* and in dismissing the bill aq to them to ciu'e the defect of jurisdiction, it was made defective for want of necessary parties.'
IL It is not-necessary to argue that the'decree of the probate court, thought made during the civil war, was not for that reason void. The court had jurisdiction of the subjectmatter and of the parties. -In'recognizing the legality of the investment in Confederate bonds, and ordering distribution in them, it had the sanction of the laws of the State and of the Confederate States, under whose dominion it exercised its functions. All the parties to the controversy were voluntarily under this dominion,.and whatever was consummated under these laws cannot be readjudicated except by provisions of law enacted for that purpose. Admitting, for the argument, that these laws could be held as invalid, the only consequence would be, not that the decree of final settlement was void, but that it was erroneous, and the time and manner for correcting the error must be- looked for in the statutes of the State.t That the present decree was final, and concluded all the parties, until reversed, was decided by the Supreme Court of the State, in 1870,$ in a proceeding by one of'the parties to the present bill, who sought to open it.
[The counsel then, in order to ascertain particularly what these laws were, gave a history of legislation during the war, inferring from it as plain that all parties aggrieved by judgments or decrees rendered during the civil war had a remedy
by way of new trial or appeal. He also referred to statutes prior to the war, ailowing a
bill to correct any error in a settlement with an executor in the decree of the probate court, if filed within two yeairs from the date of the decree; arguing that after making all allowances this bill was about two months too late.]
But if the bill had been filed in time, the decree was

Barney v. Baltimore, 6 Wallace, 288.
t WVyman i. Campbell, 6 Porter, 219; Thompson v. Tolmie, 2 Peters,
162; Beauregard v. City of New Orleans, 18 HoWard, 502. $ Horn v. Bryan, 44 Alabama, 88.

Oct. 1873.]

"H0RNv). LOCKHART.

Argument for the appellant.

wrong in holding the executor liable by reason of his funding the Confederate money. It is said that this was an act in aid of the rebellion which the dignity of the government will not allow to stand good. But, how so? This is not a case where a party is asking the aid of the court to enforce an illegal contract or to enforce a-right arising under an unconstitutional law; but is an appeal to the court to relieve one of the parties to a consummated act to set aside a judgment rendered under a government exericising full dominion over all the parties to it, and with their assumed assent. In such a case it does not lie in the mouth of a complainant to say that the court of probate could not exercise judicial power during the war, nor that these proceedings are erroneous in carrying into effect the laws of the Confederate government, because made to facilitate the war against the government of the United States. If the statute was illegal -the complainants must be considered in law as having been parties to it, and as responsible and as much bound as if the record had shown that they were themselves the authors of it; as between citizens thus situated all consummated acts are beyond the reach of judicial revision. The court will not lend its aid to them to undo their own acts.
It may be stated here as matter of fact that the law of the Confederate government, under which the investment under consideration was made, and which was passed on the 15th of February, 1864, required Confederate notes to be funded by a certain time, and enacted that on failure to have them so funded they should no longer be receivable for public dues; they were also to be taxed 33 per cent., and in addition thereto 10 per cent. a month. Now, if the executor under this law had failed to fund, and allowed the notes to perish on his hands, the complainants in the courts of the Confederacy would have had a perfectly clear case for condemning him. Can they now come into the courts of the United States and hold the executor liable on the opposite ground ?
These principles here advanced have been fully sustained

VOL. XVI.

37

578

HORN v. LOCKHART.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

by the highest court in Alabama, Mississippi, and Virginia.*
The conduct of a trustee or agent must not be judged of by matters ex post facto.
The funding by the executor can in no just sense be considered as an act "in aid of the rebellion." It is not pretended that the funding was made with such intention, but, whether with or without intent, was it such an act? By funding the notes the debt of the Confederacy was neither augmented nor diminished; its form was Only changed. By failing to fund, the debt was diminished by so much currency made valueless, without any increase in the bonded debt. It is therefore evident that, with the alternative before him to fund or not to fund, the executor acted in the mode least beneficial to the finances of the Confederacy, and for so actmng-that is to say for not having given greater aid to the rebellion-the decree holds him liable!
Admit, however, that this funding was illegal, and that ,consequently the executor is liable as for a conversion, this would not charge him in specie or its equivalent with the amount of the funds bonverted. The money which he received was, of course, Confederate notes (the only currency -of-the South), and the measure of his liability is their value at the time of conversion.t To this extent the decree ought in any view to be modified.
lr. . T. Milorgan, contra.
Mr. Justice FIELD delivered the opinion of the court.
The validity of the Will of John Horn, deceased, is not a question for our consideration. The Circuit Court held that the statute of limitations of Alabama had barred the right of the complainants to contest its validity, and also that they -were estopped from such contestation by accepting, without .objectiou or protest, dividends of the property founded upon
the directions of the will. The executor and principal de-
* Watson and wife v. Stone, 40 Alabama, 451 ; Trotterv. Trotter, 40 Mis-
.-isspp -es10. tHead v. Talley, Administrator, 3 American Law Times, No. 9, p. 155.

Oct. 1873.]

Oou0RT V. LOCKHART.

Opinion of the.court.

visee does not, of course, controvert the correctness of this decision, as it sustains his position, and the complainants. have not appealed.
The case, as presented to us, therefore, is one where an executor in Alabama is alleged to have misappropriated funds of an estate, to which legatees in Texas were entitled, and to enforce from" the executor an accounting and payment the legatees ask the aid of a court of the United States.
The objection to the jurisdiction of the court, that two of the defendants were residents of Texas, the same State with the complainants, was met and obviated by the dismissal of the suit as to them. They were not iidispensable parties, that is, their interests were not so interwoven and bound up with those of the complainants, or other parties, that no decree could be made without necessarily affecting them. And it was only the presence of parties thus situated which was essential to the jurisdiction of the court. The rights of the parties, other than the defendants who were citizens of Texas, could be, and were, adequately and fully determined without prejudice to the interests of those defendants. And the question always is, or should be, when objection is taken to the jurisdiction of the court by reason of the citizenship of some of the parties, whether to a decree authorized by the case presented, they are indispensable parties, for if their interests are severable and a decree without prejudice to their rights can be made, the jurisdiction of the court should be retained and the suit dismissed as to them.*
Upon the accounts presented by the executor tQ the probate court in Alabama for*settlement, it appears that he received moneys from the sales of property belonging to the estate of the testator, amounting to over seven thousand dollars, and invested the same in bonds of the Confederate
States. By the decree of the probate court this investment was approved, and the executor was directed to pay the legatees their respective shares in those bonds. Now the question is whether this disposition of the moneys thus received,
* See Barney v. City of Baltimore, 6 Wallace, 280; and Shields v. Bar-
row, 17 Howard, 130.

HORN v._ LOCKHART.

. [$up. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

and the decree of the court, are a sufficient answer on the part of the executor to the present suit of the legatees to compel an accounting and payment to them of their shares
of those funds. It would seem that tlpre could be but one answer to this
question. The bonds of the Confederate States were issued for the avowed puirpose of raising funds to prosecute the war then waged by them against the government of the United States. The investment was, therefore, a direct contribution to the resources of the Confederate government; it was an act giving aid and comfort to the enemies of tlie United States; and the invalidity of any transaction of that kind, from whatever source originating, ought not to be a debatable matter in the courts of the United States. No legislation of Alabama, no act of its convention, no judgment of its tribunals, and no decree of the Confederate government, could make such a transaction lawful.
We admit that the acts of the several States in their individual capacities, and of their different departments of government, executive, judicial, and legislative, during the war, so fairas they did not impa.r or tend to impair the supremacy of the Natiom,! authority, or the just rights of citizens under the Constitution, are, in general, to be treated as valid and binding. The existence of a state of insurrection and war did not loosen the bonds of society, or do away with civil government, or the regular administration of the laws. Order-was to be preserved, police regulations maintained, crime prosecuted, property protected, contracts enforced2 . marriages celebrated, estates settled, ana the transfer and descent of property regulated precisely as in time of peace. No one that we are aware of seriously questions the validity of judicial or legislative acts in the insurrectionary States touching these and kindred subjects, where they were not hostile in their purpose or mode of enforcement to the authority of the National government, and did not impair the rights of citizens under the Constitution. The validity of the action of the probate court of Alabama in the present case in the settlement of the accounts of the executor we do

Oct. 1873.]

HORN v. LOCXHAIT.

Opinion of the court.

not question, excepf so far as it approves the investment, ot funds received by him in Confederate bonds, and directs payment to the legatees of their distributive share.s in those bonds. Its action in this respect was an absolute nullity, and can afford no protection to the executor in the courts of the United States.
The act of Alabama which the executor invokes in justification of the investment has been very properly pronounced unconstitutional by the highest tribunal of that State,* and the attempt of its legislature to release executors and trustees from adcounting for assets in their hands invested in a similar manner rests upon no firmer foundation.
Had the legatees of the testator voluntarily accepted the bonds in discharge of their respective legacies, the case would have presented a vcry different aspect to us. The estate might then have been treated as closed and settled, but such is not the fact. The bonds-were never accepted by the legatees, nor does it appear that the executor even went so far as to offer the bonds to them.
It is urged by counsel for at least a modification of the judgment of the Circuit. Court, that the money received by the executQr was in Confederate notes, which at the time constituted the currency of the Confederate States. It does not appear, however, that he was under any compulsion to receive the notes. The estate came into his hands-in November, 1858, and no explanation is given for his delay in effecting a settlement nuntiFthe war became flagrant. And even then be was not bound to part with the title to the property in.his hands without receiving an equivalent in good money, or such, at least, as the legatees were willing to accept.
DECREE AFFIRMED.
Dissenting, Mr. Justices SWAYNE, DAVIS, and STRONG.
NOTE.
At a subsequent day a motion for rehearing was made, and an elaborate brief by Ar. Phillips filed in support thereof. The motion, however, after advisement, was DENIED.
* Houston v. Deloach, 43 Alabama, 364; Powell v. Boon & Booth, lb. 459.

BRENT V. MARYLAND.

[Sup, Ct.

Statement of the case.

be contrary to equity and good conscience, as well as the law, to permit the plaintiffs in error to cast upon the defendant in error the burden of the loss to which they have endeavored to subject him.
JUDGMENT AFFIRMED.

BRENT V. MARYLAND.
1 Where in a proceeding to sell the real estate of a decedent for the payment of his debts the solicitor who presents the petition for the decree of sale is himself appointed trustee to make the sale, and himself becomes bound in bonds for the performance of the duties belonging to such appointment, and himself makes all the motions and procures all the orders under which the trustee's liability in the matter arises, he may, if he is liable for the non-payment of money which he was ordered by the court to pay, be sued without formal notice to him. He has notice in virtue of his professional and personal relations to the case.
2. Where a trustee in such a case has given bonds with surety in a penal sum to the State conditioned for the performance of his duties, children, entitled equally to a share in any surplus remaining after debts, expenses, &c., are paid from the proceeds of the sale, may, by the practice in the District of Columbia, after the exact amount of such share has been found by an auditor whose report is confirmed by the court, bring joint suit against the surety-the trustee being dead-in the name of the State, on the bond for the penal sum ; and a judgment for that sum to be discharged on the payment of the shares or sums certain found as above-said is regular.
S. Such joint suit, though against the surety of the trustee (the trustee in his lifetime having had notice of everything), may, in the District, be at law.
ERROR to the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia.
Boteler, of Prince George County, Maryland, died pos.
sessed of considerable real estate and of some personalty, owing to one Warner a debt which the personalty was not sufficient to pay, and leaving a widow and minor children. Administration being taken by his widow upon his estate, a petition was filed by Warner, February, 1853, in accordance with the laws of Maryland, against the widow and children, to subject this real estate to the payment of the debts.

Oct. 1878.]

ORENT V. MARYLAND.

Statement of the case.
Daniel Digges, Esquire, was the solicitor of the petitioner, and as such signed the petition praying for a decree of sale. The court made the decree prayed for, and appointed the said Digges, the solicitor, trustee to make it. He was required to give bond in $15,000 for the faithful performance of his duties as such trustee. This bond he gave with Norah Digges as one of his sureties; the bond being in the form usual in Maryland, that is to say, to the State, for the use of the parties interested in the real estate to be sold. By the decree ordering a sale the trustee was ordered to bring into court the money arising from such sale, and the bonds or notes taken for the same, all to be disposed of under the direction of the court. The trustee made sale and reported it to the court, but never brought into court the money,
notes, or bonds.
In June, 1854-Digges still maintaining his relations to the case-an auditor was appointed to distribute the funds in the hands of the trustee. The auditor reported that of this fund there was due to each of the minor children tho sum of $704.391. Thereupon the court, on the 11th of April, 1860-Digges still acting as solicitor-confirmed the report and ordered the trustee to pay over these sums to the parties entitled. The trustee did not pay over as ordered, and afterwards, in 1860 apparently, or 1861, died insolvent. His surety being also dead, and J. C. Brent being his executor, suit was brought at law, on the boud, against Brent, in the name of the State, by the children jointly. The auditor's report which was in the record did not mention that Daniel Digges, the solicitor in the case, had appeared before him or had notice of the report's being made. Nor did the declaration in the case aver or the evidence show that any service of any order to pay or any demand of payment had been specifically made on the said Daniel Digges, the trustee.
The defence was,
1. That the trustee, Daniel Digges, had no sufficient notice of the auditor's report and its confirmation.
2. That the plaintiffs could not jointly maintain their action. 3. That the remedy was in equity alone.

BRENT V. MARYLAND.

[Sup. Ct..

Argument for the surety.

But the court overruled all the defences, and gave judgment for $15,000, the penalty of the bond, to be dischargecl upon payment of a sum specified to each of the plaintiffs, therein. Thereupon the defendant brought the case here.
Mr. T. T. Crittenden, for the plaintiff in error:
1. The plaintiffs to sustain their suit ought to aver and prove a service of the order on the trustee, and a demand of payment of the sum specified therein. Nothing of that sort appears. It is, therefore, not pretended that Digges, the, trustee, had notice of the auditor's report, yet he should, have had it.
In Oyster v. Annan,* the highest court of Maryland says:
"The trustee, as to the suit, is not in the situation of a common, debtor who knows his liability, and whose business it is to look to a compliance with his engagement. The creditors are known, to the trustee but through the medium of the court of chancery, where they file their respective demands to be adjusted by theauditor, and where disputes among them are disposed of by the chancellor, who finally determines what proportion of the sum of money reported is to be paid to each of them. This proceeding as to the trustee, is res inter alios acta, and it is but reasonable that when it terminates he shall be notified of the result, before any steps are taken against him, either by attachment or by action on his trustee's bond, against him and his sureties."
The point which we here make is one of substance, andi we present it as a chief poiunt of our case.
2. The suit is joint. It should have been several. The' report found that there was due to each child a sum certain, to wit, $704.394. Each person could, therefore, have sued for himself.
3. So too the proceeding should have been in equity. The, death of the trustee having rendered it impossible to give' notice to him or to make demand of him, the surety should, not be placed in a position of responsibility which had not attached to the principal. The death of the trustee was.

* 1 Gill & Johnson, 452, citing People v. Byron, 8 Johnson's Cases, 68.

Oct. 1873.]

BRENT V. MARYLAND.

Opinion of the court.

such an accident as entitled the sureties to relief in equity. Such seems to be the doctrine of State v. Digges,* and of Brooks v. Brooke,t both of them Maryland cases of authority.

Mr. S. S. Hencle, contra:
1. All that is decided in Oyster v. Annan, is that the trustees should have notice. Digges, the trustee, had it. Numerous cases, English and American,t some of them referring to .Harrisv. Ferrand,reported by Hardres,§ so far back as the time of Charles II, show that if a party is solicitor in the case he has notice as of course.
2. That in such a case as this the parties can sue jointly, appears also by many cases.1I
3. The third point of the opposite counsel rests on an assumption that the trustee had no notice. The assumption having been shown to be untrue the point disappears.

Mr. Justice HUNT delivered the opinion of the court.
The point chiefly insisted upon in the argument of the counsel for the plaintiff in error, is this: that Digges, the trustee, had no notice of the auditor's report and of its confirmation, and that for the want of such notice this action cannot be maintained. We are of the opinion that this point is not well taken. We recognize the soundness of the decision in Oyster v. Annan and other decisions in the State of Maryland, cited to us, that before a suit can be brought against a trustee, he must have had notice of the duty he is required to perform, and must have bad an opportunity to perform it. In the case just named the court say: "The trustee, as to the suit, is not in the situation of a common debtor who knows his liability, and whose business it is to

* 21 Maryland, 240.

jt 12 Gill & Johnson, 319.

: Roper v. Holland, 3 Aclolphus & Ellis, 99; Nichols v. Rensselaer, 22 Wendell, 127; Lessee v. Marckel, 2 Ohio, 263; Watson v. Walker, 3 Foster, 471; Lent v. Padelford, 10 Massachusetts, 280.
Page 36. HH1azlehurst v. Dallas, 4 Dallas, 95; McMechen v. The Mayor, 2 Harris

& Johnson, 41; Kiersted v. The State, 1 Gill & Johnson, 281

VOL. XVIII.

2A

BRENT V. MARYLAND.

[Slip.C'

Opinion of the court.

look to a compliance with his engagements. . . This proceeding, as to the trustee, is res inter alios acta, and it is but reasonable that when it terminates, he shall be notified of the result before any steps are taken against him, either by attachment or by action on his trustee's bond against him and his sureties." These remarks are founded in good sense, and do not conflict with the authorities cited on the other side,* to the effect that where the trustee is himself an actor in the transaction, and has full knowledge of his duties, such notice and demand are not required.
Daniel Digges, the principal in the bond sued on, was not only the trustee, but he was the solicitor or attorney who procured himself to be appointed trustee, and as such solicitor himself procured the court to grant and the clerk to enter the orders, out of which the liability arises. Thus, after he had obtained the orders fbr the sale of the property, had sold the same and received the proceeds thereof, he caused an order to be entered in November, 1853, ratifying all that he had done. In June, 1854, he caused an order to be entered, referring it to an auditor to make distribution of the trust fund among the creditors and parties thereto entitled. In the execution of this order, Mr. Hance reported, in 1859, that there was due and payable to each of the plaintiffs, the sum of '$704.39i. On the 11th of April, 1860, Mr. Digges causes an order to be entered, finally ratifying the auditor's report, and ordering that the trustee be directed to pay all the trust fund to the several parties named in the auditor's report. Here was a positive direction to the trustee to pay specific sums to persons named, and without qualification or delay. He became an absolute debtor to each of them for the amount payable to each. The order was of his procuring, made and entered through his agency. That it should be necessary to give a man notice of what he had himself done, or that a demand of performance should be required of that which he had himself directed should be done by himself at once and without condition, would be

See supra, p. 488.

Oct. 1873.]

BRENT V. MARYLAND. Opinion of the court.

quite remarkable. No such necessity exists. The case falls within the other principle referred to, that notice and demand are not necessary where the trustee is himself an actor and has full knowledge of all that is required to be done. He was, in the language of the court in Oyster v. Annan, "a common debtor who knows his liability, and whose business it is to look to a compliance with his engagements." No case has been cited to support the views of the plaintiff in error, and we think none can be found. In State v. Diqges,* the court place their dismissal of the suit upon other grounds, and the circumstance that Mr. Digges was both the trustee and solicitor in the transaction, is not alluded to, either in the argument of counsel or in the opinion of the court.
The remaining objections, that the bond cannot be sued upon by the plaintiffs below jointly, and that the action cannot be maintained in a court of law, but that equity must be resorted to, are not sustained by the authorities. The suit in the present form in the name of the State, for the use of parties interested, is according to the practice in Maryland and in the District of Columbia.t
In Brooks v. Brooke, it was decided that the action against the sureties upon the bond could properly be brought in a court of law; and the circumstance that the trustee died before notice was given to him, where notice was necessary, it was held would justify the interposition of a court of equity. To the same purport is the case of State v. Digges, where it was held that the death of the trustee without having received notice of the order and demand of payment, required the action to be brought in a court of equity. The case is not applicable to an instance like the present, where notice and demand is not required to be given.
JUDGMENT AFFIRMED.

421 Maryland, 24.

2 See Oyster v. Annan, cited supra.

Oct. 1873.]

CROPLEY V. COOPER.

Syllabus.

not discover amy principle upon which he can justly avoid the payment of his mortgage.
DECREE REVERSED, and the cause
REMANDED FOR FURTHER PROCEEDINGS.

CROPLEY V. COOPER.
A. testator having five pieces of property, to wit, insurance stock, a vacant city lot, a farm, corporation stock, and a city house, and little or no other, and having four children, to wit, three sons, two (A. and B.) married and having children, and one (C.) unmarried, and one daughter (D.) aged thirty, then married and having a child (E.) aged three years, made his last will.
He left the interest on the insurance stock and the vacant lot to his married son A.; "and at his death" "the aforementioned stock and the said vacant lot he equally divided between his (A.'s) children, their heirs and assigns, forever."
He left the interest on the corporation stock to his son B. "for and during his life," and at his death the said stock to be equally divided between his (B's) children.
He left the usufruct of the farm to his unmarried son C., "for and during his life;" 1 and should he marry and have legal issue," the said farm to be equally divided amongst his children, when they shall have arrived at the age of twenty-one years. The will continued: "Should my saidso ndie without lawful issue, it is my will that the saidfarm be equally divided between my other children,share and share alike, to them, their heirs and assigns, forever."
To his daughter he left the rent of his city house for and during her life, and directed that at her death the same should be sold and ' the avails thereof become the property of her children or child, when she or they have arrived at the age of twenty-one years, the interest in the meantime to be applied to their maintenance."
After the testator's death, D., the daughter, had another child, who died in infancy. The first child, E., lived till he was twenty-eight years old, and then died, his mother still living, aged fifty-six, and the house not yet having been sold.
On a bill filed by D., after the death of both her children and of her husband, to settle the title to the city house, as between herself and her brothers, the other children of the testator: Held, both on the apparent intent of this particular will, as seen on reading the dispositions in the different clauses to all the children, to give a full estate where the child

CROPLEY V. COOPER.

I [Sup. Ot.

Statement of the case.

of the testator had a child or children, and on the technical rules about vested and contingent remainders applicable to the clause relating to
that share given to the daughter, that the grandson, E., took a vested remainder in the city house at the death of his grandfather, the te-tator, but subject to open and let in after-born children, and to take effect in enjoyment at his mother's death, that (the statute of Maryland making him sole representative of his infant sister) the right of this infant sister passed on her death to him, and (the same statute making a widowed mother the representative to her only child) that on his, E.'s, death, all his right passed to his mother, and accordingly that she, the daughter of the testator, was invested with all his right to the city house, and that she could have the property now sold, and that if it should be sold at her death the avails would go to her representative, and that she might either dispose of them in advance, by will, or leave them to be disposed of by the statute.

APPEAL from the Supreme Court of the District of Co-
lumbia.
William Cooper, of Maryland, died in 1845, leaving a widow (Sarah), three sons, William, Joseph, and John, and one daughter, Elizabeth. Two of the sons, William and
Joseph, were married and had children; John was unmarried. Elizabeth, then thirty years old, was married to Richard Cropley and had one son, William Cooper Cropley.
The testator's property consisted of a farm in Maryland, on which he resided; a house on Pennsylvauia Avenue, in the city of Washington; a vacant lot there, on Capitol Hill; stock in the Potomac Insurance Company, and stock in the corporation of Alexandria.
His will ran as follows:
"I will and bequeath to my dear wife, Sarah Cooper, all my stocks which I own in corporate institutions during her life; also the rents arising from my house in the city of Washington. I also devise and bequeath to my said wife the usufruct of the farm on which I now reside, for and during her life, with the option of selling the same by her, . . . in which case my will is that the proceeds shall be invested in stocks of some sound and corporate institutions, the interest from the same to be enjoyed by my said wife for and during her life, and at her death the said farm, or its avails if previously sold, as above permitted, to be appropriated as hereinafter directed.

Oct. 1873.]

OROPLEY V. COOPER.

Statement of the case.

"I will and devise to my son William, after his mother's death, the interest on $1250 stock now held by me in the Potomac Insurance Company, Georgetown. I also will and bequeath to my said son, William Cooper, a vacant lot on Capitol Hill, Washington; and at his death it is my will that the said vacant lot and aforementioned stock be equally divided between his children, their heirs and assigns forever.
"To my son John I give and bequeath, at his mother's death, the usufruet of the aforementioned firm, or the interest of its avails, if previously sold, for and during his life; and should he marry and have legal issue, it is my will that the said farm, or, if previously sold, the avails thereof, together with any interest that may be due thereon at his decease, shall be equally divided amongst his children when they shall have arrived at the age of twenty-one years, the interest in the meantime to be applied to their maintenance. Should my said son John die witlout lawful issue, it is my will that the saidfarm, or its avails in case of its being sold, be equally divided between my other children, share and share alike to them, their heirs and assigns forever.
"To my son Joseph, at his mother's death, I give and bequeath, for and during his life, the interest on $1500 in the Alexandria Corporation stock, held by me, and at his death the said stock to be equally divided between his children.
"To my daughter, Elizabeth Cropley, at her mother's death, I give and bequeath the rent of my house on Pennsylvania Avenue, in the city of Washington, situated on square -, for and during her life; and at her death it is my will that the said - be sold, and the avails thereof become the property of her children or child, when he, she, or they have arrived at the age of twentyone years, the interest in the meantime to be applied to their maintenance."

Shortly after the death of the testator, Mrs. Oropley had another child, a daughter, who died in infancy.
William Cooper Oropley, the child living at the death of the testator, died in December, 1870, at the age of twentyeight, without issue, leaving his mother his sole heir-at-law and personal representative.
The widow of the testator died in February, 1854. Richard Cropley, the husband of Elizabeth, died in 1851.

CROPLEY V. COOPER. Statement of the case.

-[Sup. Or.

After William Cooper Cropley's death, his mother, then fifty-six years of age, asserted ownership in the house on Pennsylvania Avenue, mentioned in the will, and by the last but two of the above-quoted clauses of the will devised to her for life, and at her death over to her child or children. Her view was that her deceased son, William Cooper Cropley, took a vested interest in the bequest in question at the death of his grandfather, the testator, but subject to open and let in after-born children, and to take effect in enjoyment at the death of his mother; that his sister, at her birth, took a like vested interest to the extent of a moiety; that at the sister's death her right passed to him as distributee (the statute of distributions of Maryland thus providing); that at his death all his right passed to her, his mother, the complainant, as a like distributee under the same statute.
The other children of the testator, William, John, and Joseph, claimed the property, as heirs-at-law, on the ground that the devise over to the child or children had lapsed.
This claim of the heirs-at-law casting a cloud on the title, Mrs. Cropley filed a bill in the court below against said William, John, and Joseph, to obtain a construction of the will.
The bill represented that the complainant wished to sell the property, but could not, owing to the cloud on the title made by the claim of the sons, and it prayed that a decree might be passed divesting the defendants of any title in or to the property, and vesting the same in the complainant, giving the true construction and interpretation of said last will and testament.
That the court would grant such other and further relief as to the court may seem meet and the interests of the corn plainant might require.
The court below decreed that the devise over to the child or children of Mrs. Cropley was contingent upon the child or children surviving the mother, and also attaining twenty one, and hence that the devise over did not vest at the death of the testator, nor even upon William Cooper Cropley at-

Oct. 1873.']

CROPLEY V. COOPER.

Recapitulation of the case in the opinion.

taining twenty-one, he having died in the lifetime- of the mother. It accordingly dismissed the bill.
From this decree Mrs. Cropley took this appeal.

The case was elaborately argued on principle and au-
thority, by Messrs. TV. D. Davidge and F. I. Jones, for the
appellant, and by Messrs. J. Bl. Bradley and B. T. .Merrick,
contra.

Mr. Justice SWAYNE delivered the opinion of the court.
This case turns upon the following clause of the will of William Cooper, deceased:
"To my daughter, Elizabeth Cropley, at her -mother's death, I give and bequeath the rent of my house on Pennsylvania Avenue, in the city of Washington, situated on square -, for and during her life; and at her decease it is my will that the said - be sold, and the avails therefi'om become the property of her children or child, when he, she, or they have arrived at the age of twenty-one years, the interest in the meantime to be applied to their maintenance."
The testator died in 1845. He left at his decease a widow, Sarah Cooper, and four children, William, John, Joseph, and Elizabeth, the complainant. William and Joseph were married and had children. John was unmarried. Elizabeth was intermarried with Richard Cropley, and had living one child, William Cooper Cropley, then about three years old. Shortly a'ter the testator's death, Elizabeth gave birth to a daugiter, who died in early infincy. Richard Cropley, the husband of Elizabeth, died in 1851. Her mother (lied in 1854. Her son, William Cooper Cropley, died in 1870, at the age of twenty-eight years, not having married. After his death, Elizabeth Cropley, the complainant, then fifty-six years of age, claimed to own the house on Pennsylvania Avenue devised to her for life. Her brothers, William, John, and Joseph, set up claims as heirs-at-law of their father, alleging that the bequest to the children of Elizabeth had failed by teason of the death of both of them befi3re the death of their mother, and of the younger one before reach-

CROPLEY V. COOPER.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

ing the age of twenty-one years. The complainanL, thereupon filed this bill to obtain a construction of the will, and to ascertain her rights.
The question presented for our determination is, whether the bequest to her children lapsed, as is insisted by the appellees; or, in other words, whether it was vested or contingent.

It is an axiom in the law of wills that the intention of the testator shall prevail. Upon looking at this will as regards the four children of the testator, we find that the provision made for each is clear and explicit. He gave to William, after his mother's death, the income from $1250 of the stock of the Potomac Insurance Company, and a vacant lot on Capitol Hill. At his death, it is directed "that the said vacant lot and the aforementioned stock be equally divided between his children, their heirs and assigns forever." To John, at his mother's death, was given the use of a farm; or, itf sold by his mother, the interest accruing from the proceeds, for life. If he should marry and have lawful issue, at his death, the farm or its avails was to be equally divided among his children when they should arrive at the age of twenty-one, " the interest in the meantime to be applied to their maintenance." This clause concludes as follows: "Should my son John die without issue, it is my will that the said farm or its avails, in case of its being sold, be equally divided among my other children, share and share alike, to them, their heirs and assigns forever." To Joseph, at his mother's death, was given the interest of $1500 of Alexandria Corporation stock, and at his death it was " to be equally divided between his children." Then follows the provision for Elizabeth and her children.
The property given to the sons who lad children, is given to them for life, and at their death to their children in equal shares. There is no provision beyond this. The gift is absolute. The children of John, if he should have ally, were not to" receive their shares until they should arrive at the age of twenty-one. But the interest, in the meantime, wan

Oct. 1873.]

CROPLEY V. COOPER.

173

Opinion of the court.

to be applied to their support. It was only in the event of his dying without issue that the further provision was to. take effect. The entire failure of issue at his death and not the failure of such issue to reach the age named was the condition of the gift over to his brothers and sister.
So as respects the complainant, who, like her brothers William and Joseph, had issue living at tile death of the testator. The gift is to her and her child or children, and there is no devise or bequest over in any contingency that might occur. The mother and children were the objects of the testator's solicitude and bounty. He looked no further into the future. Williani, Joseph, and Elizabeth, and their children were thus placed upon a footingof equality. If John should have lawful issue living at his death, such iss5ue would be in the sanmc category with the children of William, Joseph, and Elizabeth. It seems clear to us that the testator intended that what was given to each of his children should vest interest in them aid in their children as early as possible, the period of enjoyment to be deferred in each case as was specially provided, and that the result should be the same in John's case if issue should thereafter be born to him and survive him. Beyond his grandchildren, including the children of John, if aly should be living at his death, the testator left it to the local law of descent and distribution to meet any emergency that might arise.
It was only in the single event of John dying without issue, that it was declared by the testator that the property thus given to one of his children should go over to the
others.

If we pursue the subject before us by the light of the rules of law which apply, we shall reach the same conclusion. An analysis of the clause in question eliminates these particulars:
Laying out of view the estate of her mother, a life estate is given to Elizabeth Cropley.
At her death, whenever that might occur, ald whatever then the age of her offspring, the property was to be sold

174

CROPLEY V. CoOPER.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

a(d converted into money. Her death and the sale might have occurred imn-ediately after the death of the testator.
Upon the sale being made, her off.-pring, if"minors, would have become entitled to the interest of the fund until the age of twenty-one years was reached. The right to receive the whole or an aliquot part of the fund would then have accrued.
The time of selling had no relation to the age of the legatees.
It depended wholly on the death of the tenant of the life estate.
The effect of her dying during their infancy would have been that they would have taken the interest instead of the principal of the fund up to the age of twenty-one, and then the principal instead of the interest.
The real estate having been directed by the will to be converted into money, it is to be regarded for all the purposes of this case as if it were money at the time of the death of the testator. That it was not to be sold until after the termination of two successive lire estates does not affect the application of the principle. Equity regards substance and not form, and considers that as done which is required to be done. The sale being directed absolutely, the time is immaterial.*
Where a bequest is given by a direction to pay when the legatee attains to a cerfain age, and the interest of the fund is given to him in the meantime, this shows that a present gift was intended, and the legacy vests in interest at the death of the testator.t
A bequest in the form of a direction to pay at a future period vests in interest immediately if the payment be post-
* Craig v. Leslie, 3 Wheaton, 563; Peter v. Beverly, 10 Peters, 563;
Taylor et al. v. Benham, 5 oward, 269; Fairly v. K line, Pennington, 554; Reading v. Blackwell, Baldwin, 166; Hocker v. Gentry, 3 2etealfe, 473.
t Re Hart's Trusts, 3 De Gex & Jones, 202; Hanson v. Graham, 6 Vesey, 239; Hammond v. Maule, 1 Collyer, 281; Burrill v. Sheil, 2 Barbour, 471; Bayard v. Atkins, 10 Pennsylvania State, 20; Provenchere's Appeal, 67 1d. 466; Hanson v. Brawner, 2 Maryland, 102; Nixon v. Robbins, 24 Ala. bama, 669.

Oct. 1873.]

CROPLEY V. COOPER.

Opinion of the court.

poned for the convenience of the estate or to let in some other interest. The payment of debts is an instance of the former, and a prior temporary provision for some other person, as for Elizabeth Cropley in this case, is an instance of the latter. In all such cases it is presumed that the testator postponed the time of enjoyment by the ultimate legatee foir the purpose of the prior devise or bequest.*
A devise of lands to be sold after the termination of a life estate given by the will, the proceeds to he distributed thereafter to certain persons, is a bequest to tlbose persons and vests at the death of the testator.t
It is a consideration of weight that if William Cooper Cropley, who died at the age of twenty-eight, had married and left children, according to the proposition of the appellees, they could have taken no benefit from the provision made for their father. Such could not have been the intention of the testator. In real property cases, where the question arises whether a remainder is vested or contingent, this consequence is held to be conclusive-that it was the former.1 In Goodlitle v. Wldlby,§ Lord Mansfield said: "Here, upon the reason of the thing, the infant is the object of the testator's bounty, and the testator does not mean to deprive him of it in any event. Now, suppose this object of the testator's bounty marries and dies before his age of twenty-one leaving children, could the testator intend, in such event, to disinherit him? Certainly he could not." In Doe v. Perryln,I Buller, J., said: "But if this were held not to

* Hallifax v. Wilson, 16 Ve.ey, 171; Leeming v. Sherratt, 2 Hare, 14;

Packbam v. Gregory, 4 Id 396; Winslow v. Goodwin, 7 Metcalf, 363; *White v. Curtis, 12 Gray, 54; Tucker v. Ball, 1 Barbour, 94; Barker v. Woods, I Sandford's Chancery, 129; Thomas v. Anderson, 6 0. E. Green, 22; McGill's Appeal, 61 Pennqylvania State, 47; Tayloe v. Mosher, 29

3Maryland, 443; Brent v. Washington, 18 Grattan, 526; Fuller v. Fuller, 5

Jones's Equity, 223; Roberts v. Brinker, 4 Dana, 673; Rawlings v. Landes,

2 Bush, 159.

- Fairly v. Kline, Pennington, 554; Reading v. Blackwell, 1 Baldwin,

166; Rinehart et ux. v. Harrison's Executors, lb. 177; Loftis -V.Glass, 16

Arkansas, 680.

$ Carver v Jackson, 4 Peters, 1.

1 Burrow, 284. 113 Term, 495.

CROPLEY V. COOPER.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

vest till the death of the parents, this inconvenience would follow: that it would not go to grandchildren, for if a child were born, who died in the lifetime of his parents, leaving issue, such grandchild could not take, which could not be supposed to be the intention of the devisor." This reasoning applies to the present case.
Boraston's Case* was referred to by counsel on both sides. The point there ruled was as follows: If real estate be devised to A. when he shall attain a given age, and until A. attains that age the property is devised to B., A. takes an immediate vested estate, not defeasible on his death under that age; the gift being read as a devise to B. foir a term of years, with remainder to A. The same doctrine has since been affirmed in numerous other cases, and is now a canon of the English law.t Boraston's Case related to real property. If this were such a case it would be in point and conclusive. It has been applied by American courts to bequests or personalty.$ The subject of vested and contingent remainders was examined by this court in Poor v. Considine.§
Chancellor Kent says :11"It is the uncertainty of the right of enjoyment and not the uncertainty of its actual eijoyment
which renders a remainder contingent. The present capacity of taking efifct in possession, if the possession become vacant, distinguishes a vested from a coutingent remainder, and not the certainty that the possession will ever become vacant while the remainder continues."
"When a remainder is limited to a person in esse and ascertained to take effect by words of express limitation on the determination of the preceding particular estate, this remainder is most clearly and unquestionablyvested."
Bequests involving the question before us may be resolved into two classes:
(1.) Those where the time or event referred to in the

* 3 Reports, 21.

t"Hawkins on Wills, 237.

+ Roberts v. Brinker, 4 Dana, 573; Watkins v. Quarle;, 23 Arkansas, 179.

Collier's Will, 40 Missouri, 287. 6 Wallace, 476.

II4 0Cmmentaries, 203.

1 Preston on Estates, 70.

Oct. 1873.]

CROPLEY V. COOPER.

Opinion of the court.

future is of the substance and a condition of the gift, and, hence, marks the time of vesting in interest.
(2.) Those where the vesting in interest has already occurred, and such event or time only designates the period of the commencement of the enjoyment.
We think this case belongs to the second category. We hold that William Cooper Cropley took a vested interest in the bequest in question at the death of the testator, but subject to open and let in after-born children, and to take effect in enjoyment at the death of his mother; that his sister, at her birth, took a like vested interest to the extent of a moiety; that at her death her right passed to him as distributee, according to the Statute of Distribution of Maryland; that at his death all his right passed to his mother, the comphinant, as a like distributee under the same statute. If the property shall be sold at her death all the avails will go to her legal representative. She may dispose of them in advance by will, or leave them to be distributed according to the statute. At the age of twenty-one William Cooper Cropley might have elected to take the property instead of its proceeds. Ill that event no sale could have taken place. The complainant is now the only party in interest. Under the circumstances, we think the complainant may exercise the right of election as her son, if living, could have done, and that, under the general prayer for relief in the bill, she may accomplish that object in this case, if she shall desire to do so.*
DECREE REVERSED, and the cause remanded with directions to enter a decree
IN CONFORMITY TO THIS OPINION.

*Craig v. Leslie, 3 Wheaton, 563; Fletcher v. Ashbarner, 1 Leading Cases in Equity, 794, 805, notes.
VOL. X.

TiE Rio GRANDE.
Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ct.

THE Rio GRANDE.
1. Five libellants, on separate libels in rem, got a decree in the Circuit Court of one circuit against a vessel for sums each one under $2000, and so without right of appeal here, and costs. Before they could get satisfaction from the vessel, she was taken out to sea.
The vessel happening to be subsequently in anotherdistrict the same five libellants now sent and libelled her there; not filing five separate libels, as in the former district, but all five persons joining in one libel, claiming for each the old sums, with interest from a day named, and claiming in one sum, and without any specification of what portion of it was for which libellant, the sum of $1767.62, costs of the courts of the first district, "and also all costs in this behalf expended." The Circuit Court decreed in favor of the libellants the amount claimed by each, with 8 per cent. interest from a day named, to the date of the Circuit Court's decree; and "the further sum of $1767.62 costs in the District and Circuit Courts" of the former district, and all costs in the District and Circuit Courts where the libels had last'been filed. With the interest thus allowed the claims of two of the five libellants exceeded the sum of $2000, but even with it added the claims of the remaining three did not do so.
The owners of the vessel having taken an appeal to this court, a motion "to dismiss the appeal," for want of jurisdiction, because "the matter in dispute did not exceed the sum or value of $2000," was denied; the ground for the denial assigned being that "the motion is to dirihiss the appeal," and that the decree in favor of two of the libellants was greater than $2000 when the interest allowed by the Circuit Court to the date of its decree was included with the principal.
2. Great faith given to a certificate of a clerk below (in the face of things apparent on the transcript itself, and in face of the assertion by counsel of one side and the admission by counsel of the other), that a record sent here by him is a full, complete, true, and perfect transcript of the record and proceedings in a court below.
3. On an allegation of deficiency in the record, the deficiency, if any, may be supplied by certiorari. A motion to dismiss the appeal upon such allegation denied.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court for the District of Louisiana; the case being thus:
The Judiciary Act as amended by an act of 1803 gives appeals to this court from the Circuit Courts in admiralty causes, "where the matter in dispute exceeds the sum or value of $2000, exclusive of costs."

LuCAS v. BROOKS. Syllabus.

[Sup. Ct.

LUCAS v. BROOKS.
1. A person in possession of land who takes a lease from another who has bought and claims the land leased, is estopped from denying the title of such other person, or showing that such person was but trustee of the
land for him. 2. The act of Congress of July 2d, 1864. which says that there shall be no,
exclusion of any witness in civil actions because he is a party to or interested in the issue tried does not give capacity to a wife to testify in favor of her husband. 8. A writing bearing even date with a paper having the form of and purporting to be the last will and testament of the party, and disposing clearly and absolutely of all his estate,-which writing refers to the paper as the party's '' will'' and speaks of itself as ''a letter" written for the information and government of the executors, so far only as they see fit to carry out the testator's present views and wishes,-bas ne testamentary obligation, even though it direct the persons to whom it is written to allow such and such persons to have specific benefits named in specific items of property. 4. Evidence which may divert the attention of the jury from the real issue -that is to say, immaterial evidence-should be kept from the jury. 5. The improper exclusion of a record is not error when the party offering it has proved, in another way, every fact which the record, if it had been admitted, would prove. 6. Prayers for instructions which overlook facts of which there is evidence, or which assume as fact that of which there is no evidence, are properly refused.
7. The question of waiver of a notice to quit is always in part a question of intent, and there can be no intent to waive notice, when the act relied on as a waiver has been the act of the party's agent, unknown to theprincipal and unauthorized by him.
8. An assignment of error which alleges simply that the court below erred in giving the instructions which were given to the jury in lieu of the instructions asked for-it not being stated in what the error consisted or in what part of the charge it is-is an insufficient assignment under the 21st Rule of court.
S. Where one writes to a man's wife (there being a relationship by blood between the party writing and the wife) proposing to her to occupy a certain farm on which she and her husband were then living, and to, pay a certain rent therefor, which offer she accepts, and there is nothing in the correspondence beyond the fact that the property is offered to. the wife, and that the wife accepts it, to infer a purpose to give it to her to the exclusion of her husband, the husband is not excluded. The lease enures to his benefit and brings him into the relation of a tenant to the lessors.

Oct. 1873.]

LuCAS v. BROOKS.

437

Statement of the case.

ERROR to the Circuit Court for the District of West Virginia; in which court P. C. Brooks brought ejectment against Robert Lucas fir a farm. The case was thus:
The farm, in 1844, was owned by Edward Lucas, the father of this Robert Lucas. In the year mentioned one
Towner recovered three judgments against Edward Lucas, which became liens on the farm. In 1848, Edward Lucas, being embarrassed, conveyed the farm with general war-
rantee to his son, the said Robert. In 1858, Towner (Edward Lucas being now dead) filed a
bill against his executor, against Robert Lucas, purchaser of the farm, and other heirs, to have satisfaction. Robert Lucas answered, admitting the liens and his purchase of the farm from his father; alleging that it was subject to other liens by judgments and deeds of trust older than these of Towner, and stating that to enable him to make the purchase he had borrowed $9000 from one R. D. Shepherd (whose niece Catharine he had married), and paid the same upon such prior liens; that these were assigned and now held by the said Shepherd as security for the loan, and should be paid before the liens of the complainant. The court, after various references and reports, ordered a sale of the farm, and it was sold; Shepherd, who in the meantime had become the owner of all the liens reported by the master as existing, becoming the purchaser and paying only the costs. Lucas and his wife, the niece, as already said, of Shepherd, were at this time in possession.
Shepherd thereupon, by writing, dated August 30th, 1859, agreed that Lucas (nothing being said about the wife) should continue on the land as his tenant until the 1st of April, 1861, at a rent of $600.
Shepherd (lied in November, 1865. His will, proved on the 12th of March following, ran thus:

"First. Having given property and money at different times to my family connections, the greater part of which stands charged on my books under the head of an account there opened and called 'Family Accounts,' I will and bequeath to each

488

LUCAS v. BRooKs.

[Sup. Ct,

Statement of the case.
therein named whatever may have been so given and charged, or anything that I may hereafter give during my lifetime.
" Second. I will and bequeath to my daughter, Ellen Brooks, and to her two sons, Peter C. Brooks . . . and Shepherd Brooks · . . all my property, real, personal, and mixed, . . . giving one-third to each; and I direct that they may be put into possession of it without delay.
" Third. I appoint my said two grandsons, P. C. Brooks and S. Brooks, executors of this my will, giving them seizin of my entire estate."
Accompanying this will, and of the same date with it,was a sealed letter of the testator to his daughter and two grandsons named, in which he says:
"I have this day made my will, in original and duplicate, one copy with this letter deposited with you, . . . but write this letter for your information and government so far only as you may see fit to carry out my present views and wishes. Circumstances frequently change, so as to make what was proper and expedient at one time the reverse at another time. I therefore rely on your doing what is right, keeping in view what you believe my wishes would be were I living."
He mentions that a brother of his, named James, had died in 1837, with debts exceeding half a million of dollars; that he, the writer, bad wound up his estate, and after years of toil and anxiety had worked through and saved himself from ruin; that he had derived no benefit whatever from his said brother's estate, and had most strictly complied with all the requests which his brother had made as to the residue of it, after paying certain debts.
He says further: "I take very little interest in any of my family connections here, except Henry Shepherd and J. H. Shepherd, my two nephews; for all the others, of both sexes, I have done as much as I ever wish done for them, and more than some of them deserve. Should ever Henry or James require aid or assistance, give it to them in such way as you may deem best." And after some expression of regard for a young man, whom he requests his executors to befriend, and a request

Oct. 1873.]

LUCAS v. BaooKs,

439

Statement of the case.

that a ship, which was then named Montgomery, should be called Alexander Hamilton, a great admiration for which statesman he avows, he adds:
"As to the plantation in this county, belonging to me and known as the Lucas farm, allow Catharine Lucas, my niece, to live upon it during her lifetime, on the condition that she pay you a small rent of three or four per cent. on its cost, which is $24,000, but don't sell it unless you get the cost. Then give my said niece $10,000 out of the proceeds, well secured on her chil-
dren."
Though the lease by Shepherd to Lucas, mentioned some distance back, was by its terms limited as there stated to the 1st of April, 1861, Lucas and his wife remained on the thrm after that time, and were living on it when Shepherd died.
After that event, P. C. and S. Brooks, named by him, R. D. Shepherd, as his executors, though the will was not yet
proved, wrote to Mrs. Lucas as follows:
I' BOSTON, MASS., November 29th, 1865.
"iDEAR MADAM: As executors of the estate of Mr. R. D. Shepherd, we address you regarding the disposition of the farm belonging to him, on which you live. We have two propositions to make to you, either of which you can accept. First, to occupy the place and pay therefor to us, or our agent, the yearly rent of $600, on the 1st of December of each year; the lease to begin January 1st, 1866. If the rent should be increased, or any other change made, you are to receive one year's notice of it in advance; you are to make all repairs and to pay all expenses on the property excepting taxes, not allowing it to deteriorate. Second, the place to be sold as soon as convenient; to be paid for one-half in cash, to come to us; the other half to remain on mortgage, which will be put in trust for your benefit during your life, and go to your children outright at your death. Meanwhile, until the sale, and as long as you occupy the place, we expect you to pay rent at the rate of $600 per annum, begin. ning January 1st, 1866.
"Yours, &c.,
"P. C. BROOKS,
"SHEPHERD BROOKS."

LUCAS v. BROOKS.
Statement of the case.

[Sup. Ct.

To this Mrs. Lucas replied:
"ELMwOOD, VA., December 11th, 1865.
"MESSRS. P. C. AND S. BROOKS.
"DEAR SIRs: Your letter of November 29th was received the 2d instant. I have concluded to accept of your first proposition, that is, rent this farm at $600 a year. As all property is rented here the 1st of April, I wish to make one request, which is to change the date. The rent to be paid the 1st of January, the lease to begin the 1st of April. My reason for making this request is, in case I should be required to leave the farm, I would then have time to find another home.
"Yours, &c.,
" CATHARINE LUCAS."
Subsequently, the commencement of the lease was by mutual agreement fixed for the 1st of April, instead of the 1st of January. After this Mrs. Lucas continued to pay the stipulated rent until 1868, but the rent subsequent to that time wvas withheld. On the 19th of May, 1866, Mrs. Ellen Brooks and Shepherd Brooks, describing themselves as, with the said P. C. Brooks, equal and only devisees of R. D. Shepherd, conveyed to P. C. Brooks all their right, title, and interest in the land, to hold to him in fee simple; and on the 15th of February, 1869, he gave to Lucas and his wife notice that he terminated the lease on the 1st day of April, 1870, and required them to surrender possession of the land on that day. They declining to do this, P. C. Brooks brought an action of ejectment in the court below to recover it.
The defence was, that the possession and right of possession were in the defendant's wife, as her separate estate, after the expiration of Mr. Shepherd's lease to him; that is, after April 1st, 1861. For this purpose the defendant offered inevidence another lease from Shepherd to his wife for one year from April 1st, 1861, at the yearly rent of $900, and offered proof that this was followed by the lease of 1865, already mentioned. This evidence was received.
The defendant then offered the deposition of his wife to

Oct. 1873.]

LUCAS v. BRooKs.

441

Statement of the case.

prove a part of his case, contending that it was admissible under the act of Congress of July 2d, 1864,* which enacts that-
"In courts of the United States there shall be no exclusion ,of any witness . . . in civil actions because he is a party to, or interested in, the issue tried."
The court excluded the deposition, and its action herein was the first error assigned.
He then offered in evidence certain depositions, which tended to prove the following facts, viz., that James Shepherd (the brother already referred to of R. D. Shepherd) ,died unmarried in 1837, leaving a large estate, and leaving also several brothers and sisters, one of the brothers being father of the defendant's wife; that R. D. Shepherd was in affluent circumstances and a large creditor of the decedent, whilst the other brothers and sisters were poor; that having great confidence in the honor and generosity of his brother R. D. Shepherd, and to secure his debts to him, James Shepherd devised all his estate to his rich brother R. D. Shepherd ; that at the same time he left therewith a sealed letter, directed to this brother, directing that out of his estate, after the payment of his debts, his sisters should receive certain sums named, and his nephews and nieces the residue; that the estate (probably by reason of good management upon the part of R. D. Shepherd) yielded a considerable sum ,after paying the debts, and that therefore R. D. Shepherd paid the amounts to his sisters as directed in the sealed letter, and for a time aided certain of his brothers and nephews and nieces by distribution of the surplus, by virtue of the will and sealed letter aforesaid.
These depositions tended to prove also by admissions of R. D. Shepherd, that he bought the land in controversy for the defendant's wife, and as her separate property; that it was first purchased in 1848, from the father of th( defendant, bi the name of the defendant, but in equity for his wife;

* 12 Stat. at Large, 851.

LucAs v. BRooKs.

[Sup. Ct

Statement of the case.

that when it was purchased in 1859, in the name of R. D. Shepherd, it was purchased for her benefit.
The plaintiff objected to the reception of this testimony,. "and the court sustained the objection so far as it tended to prove that Catharine Lucas derived title to the property in controversy under the will of R. D. Shepherd, and so far as it referred to conversations and other verbal statementsheld between said witnesses and R. D. Shepherd concerning his purposes as to said farm, to which ruling the defendant excepted."
This action of the court was the ground of the defendant's second assignment of error.
The defendant, for the same purpose of showing the interest of his wife in the land, and the character of their occupancy, offered in evidence the letter already referred to,, bearing even date with the will of R. D. Shepherd, written by him, and addressed to the devisees in his will, which the court permitted to be read in evidence only for the purposeof showing the intention of the executors in executing the, lease to Catharine Lucas, which restriction of it the defendant assigned as a third error.
The defendant then, for the purpose last stated, and to, show the recognition of the plaintiff that his wife had and, controlled the possession of the farm, by the service of a notice upon her the year previous to the one given in evidence by the plaintiff, and a subsequent waiver thereof,, offered in evidence a transcript of a record from the Circuit Court of Jefferson County, duly certified, in a proceeding in, forcible detainer in the case of P. C. Brooks v. R. A. Lucas, which contained as the foundation of the suit a notice of the plaintiff upon the defendant's wife, dated March 16th,. 1867, and giving notice to her that she would be required to surrender possession of the premises and remove therefrom, on the 1st of April, 1868. To this transcript the plaintiff objected, and the objection was sustained and the transcript excluded from the jury. The defendant excepted; this being his fourth assignment of error.
The defendant then offered in evidence a transcript of a

Oct. 1873.]

LUCAS r'. BROOKS,

Statement of the case.

distress warrant (issued upon the affidavit of W. A. Chapline, representing himself to be agent of P. C. Brooks in the matter), for rent sworn to be due for the year ending April 1st, 1871, a distress accordingly on the defendant's property,, and a replevin and forthcoming bond by the defendant. The transcript was certified by the deputy clerk of the court,. and was not under the court seal. It was, therefore, objected to and excluded as not properly certified. To this exclusion the defendant excepted, the same being made hig fifth assignment of error.
The defendant then proved orally the same thing which the transcript if received would have shown, but his witness (Chapline himself) testified also that he had not been author-
ized by Brooks to issue the said distress warrant. The defendant also gave in evidence (to show that the
legal title was not in the plaintiff), two deeds of trust with the bonds secured by them, executed by Edward Lucas and his wife, whilst he was the owner of the land; one to R. H. Lee, dated in February, 1847, in trust for Peter Saurwien, the other to H. Berry, dated in 1843, to secure said bonds of him the said Edward Lucas, to Saurwien and Douglass, which had been assigned by them to Robert Lucas, and by him to J. H. Shepherd, trustee, for the sole and separate use
of Catharine Lucas, wife of the said Robert. The testimony being closed, the defendant asked for four
separate instructions:
" 1st. That the distress warrant sued out by Chapline, as agent of the plaintiff, for rent claimed as due for the year ending April, 1871, levied as it was on the property of the defendant, who had given a forthcoming bond, and being still pending, constituted a waiver of the notice to quit, and, therefore, that the defendant was entitled to a verdict.
"2d. That no expression of disapprobation by the plaintiff or his attorney of the act of the agent in issuing the distress warrant could defeat its operation as a waiver of the notice to qit, while the proceedings on the warrant were pending, and so iong as the plaintiff held the forthcoming bond for the property di.trained.

LUCAS V. BROOKS.

[SUP. Ugt.

Statement of the case.

"3d. That if there was an outstanding deed of trust, made February 18th, 1847, conveying the legal title to the farm in question to R. 11. Lee, in trust for Peter Saurwein, and if neither he nor the cestui que trust, nor any one entitled to receive payment of said debt so secured, were made parties to the suit of Towner v. Lucas, executor, and others, and if the said outstanding lien was of older date than the lien of Towner's judgment, and if the said first-mentioned lien was still subsisting and unpaid, they would find for the defendant.
"4th. That if the debts secured by the deeds of trust from Edward Lucas to R. H. Lee and H. Berry, were assigned to J. H. Shepherd as trustee for Catharine Lucas, and if the said R. D. Shepherd was not the owner of the said debts, at the time of the sale under the decree of the Circuit Court of Jefferson County, that proceeding could not defeat the title of the trustees to the deeds of trust to secure their payment, although they may have been audited and credited to him in that proceeding, unless the said J. H. Shepherd and Catharine Lucas were parties to that proceeding."
The court, on its own motion, in lieu of instructions requested, instructed the jury thus:
"The will of R. D. Shepherd grants the land in controversy to the three devisees and legatees, Ellen Brooks, P. C. Brooks, and Shepherd Brooks, and the sealed letter accompanying said will in no wise alters or modifies it, and creates no new estate in any one, and it having been produced at the instance of the defendants, and by them offered in evidence, they are bound by its contents, and are not permitted to impeach the correctness of its statements.
"The letter of P. C. Brooks and Shepherd Brooks, addressed to Mrs. Lucas, the wife of the defendant in this cause, and her reply, and the subsequent agreement by letters changing the time of the commencement of the lease from the 1st of January to the 1st of April, as well as the time of the payment of the rents from the 1st day of January to the 1st of December, constitutes a lease of the premises to her by them, which she may take, but being a married woman, by operation of law, the lease becomes the absolute property of her husband, and thereby creates the relation of landlord and tenant between him and the 'essors; and the fact that no particular time is mentioned in the

Oct. 1873.]

LUCAS v. BROOKS.

Argument for the plaintiff in error.

contract of lease, when such relation should cease between the parties, taken in connection with the fact, that the plaintiffs reserved in the contract the right to increase the rent thereafter, or to make other changes in it, upon giving one year's notice, creates a tenancy from year to year, which may be terminated upon one year's notice as prescribed by said contract of lease.
" The relation of landlord and tenant, having been established, as set forth in the preceding instruction, the tenant is estopped from denying his landlord's title.
"And the fact that there were outstanding liens upon the said land, or that the defendant was in possession of the same at the time that the testator, R. D. Shepherd, became the purchaser under the decree of the Circuit Court of Jefferson County, at the suit of Towner v. Lucas, executor, et al., does not warrant the defendant, under the circumstances of this case, in disclaiming his landlord's title.
"Before the plaintiff can recover, the jury must be satisfied that the notice required by the contract of lease was given, and, if given by the plaintiff, and there was afterwards a distress warrant sued out to recover rent due and in arrear for the leased premises, in favor of the plaintiff by his agent Chapline, the presumption of law would be that it was sued out with the assent of the plaintiff, in which event he could not maintain this action, unless the evidence satisfies the jury, that the agent Chapline exceeded his authority in suing out such warrant, acting without the knowledge or consent of his principal, after his principal, the plaintiff, had, by notice, according to the contract of lease, terminated the tenancy, in which event he would be entitled to recover."
The record adds:
" To which instructionsthe defendant excepted."
The instructions were assigned as the seventh error.

Messrs. C. W. B. Allison and D. B. Lucas, for the plaintiff in error:
As to the first error. Was the testimony of the wife properly excluded? The testimony of the husband himself would have been competent. But the interest of the wife

LUCAS v. BROOKS.

[Sup. Ct.

Arg ument for the plaintiff in error.

is the interest of the husband. Cases may indeed be well conceived where, in a suit by her husband, the wife's testi mony should be excluded upon the ground of public policy, or of domestic peace. But this rule does not apply here, because the testimony was given with the assent of the husband, and in entire harmony with his wishes.
As to the second error. The restriction placed upon the evidence given by the depositions of the witnesses, was calculated to mislead the jury by reason of its indefiniteness. As a whole the testimony had a bearing upon the questions of possession, how, when, and from whom obtained, under what lease, if any; whether held by the defendant or his wife, as her separate property, whether by an equitable interest in the fee, with the right of possession, or as tenant for years,*from year to year, at will or sufferance, or for life. Some of these questions were important to be ascertained by the jury, before the doctrine of estoppel could be applied. It was thus competent generally, and if any portions were incompetent, they should have been pointed out and excluded.
As to the third error. The testamentary letter of Shepherd, dated on the day that his will was, and found with it, should not have been restricted as it was, but was competent in connection with the other testimony, to go to the jury to enable them to determine the character of the occupancy of the defendant and his wife, and particularly whether she had a separate interest in the land. Analyze the letter of November 29th, 1865, by P. C. and S. Brooks to Mrs. Lucas, and then place in juxtaposition with it this testamentary letter.
The former letter (November 29th, 1865), begins thus:
"As EXECUTORS of the estate of R. D. Shepherd, we address
you."
Now, does not this offer, made as executors, naturally cause us to recur to the will, whence all their representative authority was derived? But, upon recurring to the will, as probated, we find no such authority as this letter would in-

(Oct. 1873.]

LUCAS v. BROOKS.

Argument for the plaintiff in error.

,dicate. We must look beyond the formal will for any such ,power in the executors. We find it in the letter accompa,hying the will, and bearing even date. Here then, we have ;the key to the action of the executors; the authority under which, as executors, they were proceeding to dispose of the Lucas farm. Here is the trust, which the executors (who :are also, with Ellen Brooks, the only devisees) accepted, in favor of Catharine Lucas, and which they proceeded to execute. It matters not, as far as the present question is -concerned, whether this letter were mandatory or only .advisory. The present question is: Did the executors in,tend, in their letter to Catharine Lucas of November 29th,
1865, to offer to her, substantially, the alternative proposilions which the sealed letter sets out?
If they did, the court below erred in pronouncing the lease from year to year only.
But if we be wrong, still, was not this duty of construing and comparing separate papers, with a view to extract therefrom the true intent of the contracting parties, a labor for the jury, of which the court could not relieve them? Did not this duty, if it devolved upon the jury, correspond to a right on the part of the appellant, of which the court below erroneously deprived him ?
As to the fourth error. The transcript of the record of pro,ceedings in forcible detainer, commenced by the plaintiff in 1868, was proper evidence to show that the plaintiff; when ie gave the notice therein shown, looked upon and treated the defendant's wife as the tenant in her own right, by giving the notice to her alone, and the abandounment of the suit when she paid the rent.
As to the fifth error. Was the transcript of the proceedings under the distress warrant properly excluded? We understand it to be settled, that in the courts of the United States no other certificate or authentication is required, than is required in the courts of the State in whch the Federal -court is sitting. If this transcript was excluded because the ,attestation was by the deputy, and not the clerk himself, or for want of the seal of the court, the ruling in either case

LUCAS v. BROOKS. Argument for the plaintiff in error.

[Sup. Cto

was erroneous.* Now, when the court erroneously excluded) primary evidence, and drove us to prove by secondary andi inferior testimony the same facts which we proposed so to. prove by the record, we were substantially injured. Wewere driven to examine the plaintiff's agent, who stated that what he did was unauthorized. Were we not thus injured ? If the record had been received the authority of the agent could not have been drawn in question, without the principal's first dismissing the proceeding.
As to the sixth error. 1. The first instruction asked by the. defendant should have been given, because the jury from, the evidence before them would and should have found thefacts stated therein, that such facts did constitute a waiver,. upon the part of the plaintiff, of the notice to quit which he, had given in evidence.
2. So, too, the defendant's second instruction asked for was proper. The plaintiff should have repudiated the act of the agent by a positive act, in discharging the forthcoming, bond and dismissing the proceeding.
8. The third and fburth instructions asked for should havebeen given. They seem to have been refused because the court was of the opinion that the defendant "under the circumstances of the case," that is, that by reason of some one or more of the leases was estopped denying the plaintiff'& title and right of possession, and that the question of estoppel under the facts proved should not be left to the jury, but should be settled by the court. We treat of this matter further on.
As to the seventh error. I. The first instruction given by the court was calculated to mislead the jury.
Both the legal title and right of possession must be in the plaintiff to entitle him to recover in this action. By the second clause of the will it would seem to be vested in the daughter and grandchildren in equal proportions. But by the third it is vested in the executors as such. " Seizin" (the term used in the third clause) means the legal title, or

Cooke v.Hunter, 2 Overton, 113; Code of West Virginia, p. 615, J 5,

Oct. 1873.]

LuCAs v. BROOKS.

Argument for the plaintiff in error.

lawful right of possession. What else could the testator have meant by the sentence "giving them seizin of my entire
estate ?"
Both clauses should be construed together and reconciled if possible. This can be done by giving to the executors the possession or right of possession and control for a time, and the legal title, and making the devisees the sole beneficiaries with the right to receive the possession from the executors. If the two clauses cannot be reconciled by reason of being in conflict, then, by the rule for construction of wills, the last clause must prevail.* The plaintiff below recognized the right of the executors to rent, control, and dispose of the land under the will, by the correspondence with Mrs. Lucas and the lease in the name of the executors.
II. The court erred in its second instruction. The lease should be construed in connection with the other evidence, showing her former interest in the land derived from the testator, and thus construed. The lease to Mrs. Lucas was her separate estate and not the property of the husband by operation of law or otherwise. No particular phraseology is necessary to create a separate estate for a feme covert.t
There was enough here to show the purpose. This second instruction is erroneous on several other
grounds: 1. It removed and precluded from the consideration of
the jury an important question of fact depending upon the interpretation of a series of documents, including the sealed letter, viz.: was this a lease from year to year, or for life ?
2. It wrongly stated the law, in saying that " a lease to the wife by operation of law becomes the absolute property of the husband." There must be proof of his assent expressed or implied; and his property in it is only qualified, there being a right of survivorship in the wife.
Again, the lease from the executors did not create a ten
ancy from year to year.

* hvrra~t V. Bentley, 2 Mylne & Keen, 149; 2 Jarman on Wills, 741,

Rule 7.

t Prout v. Roby, 15 Wallace, 471.

voL. xv111.

29

LUOAS v. BROOKS.

[Sup. Ct.

Argument for the plaintiff in error.

If the rent should be increased, or any other change made, Mrs. Lucas was to have one year's notice of it in advance. It will be seen that no limit is made to the term, but it contemplates a continuance for years. Power is reserved to increase the rent after a year's notice, and also to make other changes after a like notice. Does the reservation of the power to make a change authorize a termination of the lease, as held by the court below?
III. The third instruction of the court is erroneous, because:
1. It touched on the province of the jury; it declared that the relation of landlord and tenant had been established [proved], and that the tenancy was established [proved], to be from year to year.
2. A person having entered under a lease is estopped from denying it. The rule is founded on the importance which the law attaches to good faith. But there was no such entry here. Lucas and wife were already in possession under another title. The lease was at best but an acknowledgment of tenancy by one previously in possession, and the court should have so qualified the application of the doctrine of estoppel as to have allowed the jury to determine whether the acknowledgment of tenancy was not procured by fraud or undue influence, or made by mistake, or through ignorance.
There was no deed, and hence no technical estoppel ; and where possession is not derived from the lease, a mere acknowledgment of tenancy is no equitable estoppel. The alleged landlord has not been placed in any worse position, and the question is whether, all things considered, the supposed tenant, by such acknowledgment, ought to be precluded from asserting a superior title in himself.
IV. The fourth instruction was erroneous, because: 1. An outstanding unsatisfied mortgage is a good defence in an action of ejectment, when the defendant has an equitable title.*

* Peltz v. Clarke, &c., 5 Peters, 481; Marsh v. Brooks, 8 Howard, 222.

Oct., 1873.]

LUCAS v. BROOKS.

Opinion of the court.
2. The court repeats the error of deciding upon the "circumstances [facts] of this case," which ought to have been left to the jury.

Mr. C. .. Faulkner,contra.

Mr. Justice STRONG delivered the opinion of the court.
Before proceeding to a consideration of the several errors assigned, it may be remarked that if the defendant was in possession under a lease from the plaintiff, or from any one to whose reversion the plaintiff had succeeded, he was not at liberty to controver.t the title of the plaintiff or of that reversioner, while he remained in possession. In view of this undoubted principle it is impossible to see how he could have resisted a recovery, if in fact he was the tenant of the plaintiff, or if the plaintiff had succeeded to the title of R.
. Shepherd. But it is very plain that during the lease of 1859, lie was Shepherd's tenant, and that after its expiration he continued a tenant from year to year under that lease; unless the one made in 1861, or that made in 1865, supplanted it. Both the later leases were made to his wife. As he did not dissent, they became her chattels real, and during the coverture they belonged to him. Necessarily, therefore, his possession was in law under those leases, or one of them, or it was as a tenant of Mr. Shepherd from year to year, in virtue of his holding over after the expiration of the lease of 1859. How then he could show, so long
as he retained that possession, that Shepherd had no title, or that Shepherd held in trust for his wife, or that any one who had succeeded to Shepherd's title, or- one, though not thus succeeding, to whom he had attorned by the payment of rent, had no title or held in trust for his wife, we are not infoamed, nor can we be. That was a defence which he was not At liberty to set up, even upon his own showing of the facts. That the plaintiff had succeeded to Shepherd's title is, we think, very certain. The will, as we have seen, devised and bequeathed to Ellen Brooks, the testator's daughter, and to her two sons, all his property, real, personal, and

LUCAS v.BROOKS.
Opinion of the court.

[Sup. CtL

mixed, and directed that they should be put into possession of it without delay. If this stood alone, it could not be doubted that the devisees named took the entire estate of the testator. The third item of the will, however, it is insisted, gave the estate to the executors. Its language is: "I constitute and appoint my two grandsons, Peter C. Brooks, the younger of that name, and Shepherd Brooks, executors of this my will, giving them seizin of my entire estate." But this clause must be construed consistently, if possible, with the other provisions of the will, so as to give effect to all its parts. Hence, it is clear that the testator intended by the word " seizin," possession; and that he gave it to his executors for the purposes which he had in view when he constituted them executors. The will exhibits no reason why they should be invested with the title to the testator's real estate, and such an investiture is directly in conflict with the second item, which casts the title by apt words upon his daughter, the plaintiff, and Shepherd Brooks. Hence, it must be held that by force of the will and the deed from Mrs. Brooks and Shepherd Brooks, the plaintiff had succeeded to the reversion of Mr. Shepherd, and to all the right which his co-devisees ever had. His title, therefore, was unassailable by the defendant, and his right to the possession as against the defendant was unquestionable, if notice of the termination of the lease, and of his intention to resume possession, was duly given.
This view of the case makes the consideration of the speific errors assigned very easy. So far as they are aimed at showing that the defendant did not stand in the relation of a tenant of the plaintiff, or of one to whose reversion the plaintiff had succeeded, they are material, but unless that was shown, they can have no effect upon the judgment which
has been obtained.
The first is, that the court refused to admit in evidence the deposition of Catharine Lucas, the wife of the defendant. That it is a rule of the common law, a wife cannot be re. ceived as a witness for or against her husband, except in suits between them, or in criminal cases where he is prose.

,Oct. 1873.]

LUCAS v. BROOKS.

Opinion of the court.

.cuted for wrong done to her, is not controverted. But it is argued, because Congress has enacted that in civil actions in the courts of the United States there shall be no exclusion .of any witness because he is a party to, or interested in the issue tried, the wife is competent to testify for her husband. Undoubtedly the act of Congress has cut up by the roots all 'objections to the competency of a witness on account of in-
terest. But the objection to a wife's testifying on behalf of her husband, is not and never has been that she has any interest in the issue to which he is a party. It rests solely upon public policy. To that the statute has no application. Accordingly, though statutes similar to the act of Congress 'exist in many of the States, they have not been held to remove the objection to a wife's competency to testify for or Against her husband. And in West Virginia it has been expressly enacted that a husband shall not be examined for ,or against his wife, nor a wife for or against her husband, 'except in an action or suit between husband and wife.* Were there any doubt respecting the question, this statute would solve it, for the act of Congress of July 6th, 1862,t -declares that the laws of the State in which the court shall be held, shall be the rules of decision as to the competency 'of witnesses in the courts of the United States.
The second assignment of error is, that the court sustained the plaintiff's objections to certain other depositions offered by the defendant, so far as they tended to prove that Catharine Lucas obtained title to the property in controversy ,under the will of R. D. Shepherd, and so far as they referred to conversations of the witness with Mr. Shepherd concerning his purposes respecting the farm. The objection sustained by the court was to the subject-matter of the testimony, and it was sustained because it was inadmissible for the defendant to introduce evidence to impeach his landlord's title. There can be no doubt the ruling was correct. For the same reason the ruling complained of in the third assignment was unobjectionable. Indeed, it is difficult to

*Civil Code of 1868, page 620.

l-12 Stat. at Large, 588.

LUCAS v..BROOKS. Opinion of the court.

[Sup. ct

perceive what 'possible bearing upon the case the letter of Mr. Shepherd to his daughter and grandsons could have. Certainly it contained nothing that tended in the slightest degree to support any defence the defendant was at liberty to set up.
Nor can we perceive that the record of the proceeding for a forcible detainer, commenced by the plaintiff in 1868, was pertinent in any degree to any matter in controversy in this case. It was, therefore, properly excluded. A judge well performs his duty when he guards the jury against having their attention diverted from the real issue by the introduction of immaterial evidence.
The fifth assignment is, that the court erred in excluding what is called a transcript of a distress warrant issued by Chapline, agent for the plaintiff, against the defendant, and also in excluding the forthcoming bond. They were offered apparently to show that the notice to quit on the 1st of April, 1870, had been waived by the plaintiff, but they were rejected by the court because not properly certified. Whether the court erred in this or not is of no importance, for the fact that such a distress warrant was issued the defendant was allowed to prove by other evidence, and he had the full benefit of such proof. There was not a fact stated in the transcript which did not otherwise appear, and the facts were not controverted. The error of the court, therefore, if there was an error, was perfectly harmless, and it would not justify directing a new trial.
The remaining assignments which require any notice all relate to the charge. The first instruction asked by the defendant and refused by the court was, in substance, that the distress warrant sued out by Chapline, as agent of the plaintiff, for rent claimed to be due for the year ending April, 1871, levied as it was on the property of the defendant, who had given a forthcoming bond, and being still pending, constituted a waiver of the notice to quit, and, therefore, that the defendant was entitled to a verdict. The prayer over. looked the fact, of which there was evidence, that Charline had no authority from the plaintiff to issue the distress war-

Oct. 1873.]

LUCAS v. BROOKS.

Opinion of the court.

rant, and that his act had been disapproved by the plaintiff's attorney. The second prayer was, in effect, that no expression of disapprobation by the plaintiff or his attorney of the act of the agent in issuing the distress warrant could defeat its operation as a waiver of the notice to quit, while the proceedings on the warrant were pending, and so long as the plaintiff held the forthcoming bond for the property distrained. This prayer assumes as a fact that of which there was no evidence. It assumes that the plaintiff held the forthcoming bond. But it is very manifest that the defendant was not entitled to have either of these instructions asked for by him given to the jury. It is true the notice to quit might have been waived, and doubtless should have been regarded as waived by the distress warrant if it had been issued by the plaintiff, or by his authority. But waiver is always in part a question of intent, and there could have been no intent to waive if the act claimed to have been a waiver was either unknown to the plaintiff, or unauthorized by him, or not ratified by him. That the distress warrant was unauthorized, and, indeed, disavowed, is a fact of which there was evidence, and no attempt was made to show that it had ever been ratified. The defendant has, therefore, no reason to complain that his prayer for the instruction mentioned was refused. The court did charge that notice to quit was necessary to entitle the plaintiff to recover, and that if notice was given, and afterwards a distress warrant was sued out to recover rent due and in arrear for the leased premises, the presumption of law would be that it was sued out with the assent of the plaintiff, in which event he could not maintain the action unless the evidence satisfied the jury that the agent, Chapline, exceeded his authority in suing out such warrant, acting without the knowledge and consent of his principal. More than this the defendant had no right to ask.
The third and fourth instructions asked for were also properly denied. They were in keeping with the effbrts made by the defendant throughout the trial to attack the title unler which he had held as tenant. If not still retain,,

LUCAS v. BROOKS.

[Sup. ot.

Opinion of the court.

ing possession under the first lease made to him, he was in under a subsequent lease made to his wife, which he himself had given in evidence. It was not open to him, therefore, to show that some other person had the legal title, or a better title than that of the landlord.
It would be sufficient to say of the seventh assignment of error that it has been made in entire disregard of the rules of this court. It avers simply that the court below erred in giving the instructions which were given to the jury, on its own motion (that is, in the general charge), in lieu of tile instructions asked for by the parties, but in what the error consisted, or in what part of the charge it is contained, is not specified. That under the twenty-first rule this is an insufficient assignment is very plain. Were it, however, made as directed by our rule it could not be sustained. We have already said that, under the will of R. D. Shepherd, his daughter and two sons took the legal estate in the lands devised by him. We might have added that the sealed letter accompanying the will was not testamentary, and that it in no respect created any estate, legal or equitable, in any one.
It has been conceded in the argument, as it should have been, the court properly ruled that the letter of P. C. Brooks and Shepherd Brooks, executors, to the defendant's wife, dated November 29th, 1865, with her reply to it, and the subsequent modification agreed upon, constituted a lease of the premises to her. But it is denied that the lease enured to the benefit of her husband, and brought him into the relation of a tenant under the lessors, because, as it is claimed, it was a lease for her separate use. This claim, however, is without any foundation in the contract. There is no word that looks to. the exclusion of the husband. No particular phraseology, it is true, is necessary for the creation of a separate estate for a feme'covert, but there must be something to show an intent to create it, and nothing of the kind appears in this case. The court, therefore, correctly charged the jury, in the absence of any proof of dissent by the defendant, that the lease became his property, and that in force of it be became the tenant of the lessors.

Oct. 1873.]

THOMPSON V. WHITMAN.

457

Statement of the case.

'That the lease created a tenancy from year to year is too plain to need argument.
There is nothing more in the record or in the assignments of error that requires notice. We fail to perceive anything of which the defendant below, now plaintiff in error, can justly complain, and the judgment is, therefore,
AFFIRMED.

THOMPSON V. WHITMAN.
1. Neither the constitutional provision, that full faith and credit shall be given in each State to the public acts, records, and judicial proceedings of every other State, nor the act of Congress passed in pursuance thereof, prevents an inquiry into the jurisdiction of the court by which a judgment offered in evidence was rendered.
2. The record of a judgment rendered in another State may be contradicted as to the facts necessary to give the court jurisdiction ; and if it be shown that such facts did not exist, the record will be a nullity, notwithstanding it may recite that they did exist.
S. Want of jurisdiction may be shown either as to the subject-matter or the person, or, in proceedings in rem, as to the thing.
4. By a law of New Jersey non-residents were prohibited from raking clams and oysters in the waters of that State under penalty of forfeiture of the vessel employed; and any two justices of the county in which the seizure of the vessel should be made were authorized, on information given, to hear and determine the case: Held, that if the seizure was not made in the county where the prosecution took place, the justices of that county had no jurisdiction, and that this fact might be inquired into in an action for making such seizure brought in New York, notwithstanding the record of a conviction was produced which stated that the seizure was made within such county.
ERROR to the Circuit Court for the Southern District of .New York; the case being thus:
A statute of New Jersey, approved April 16th, 1846, and ,commonly known there as the Oyster Law, thus enacts:
" SE cTION 7. It shall not be lawful for any person who is not .atthe time an actual inhabitant and resident of this State, . .. to rake or gather clams, oysters, or shell-fish, .. . in any of

