IBASEY v. GALLAGHER.

[Sup. Ot.

Syllabus.

Unwise laws and such as are highly inexpedient and unjust are frequently passed by legislative bodies, but there is no power vested in a Circuit Court bor in this court, to determine that any law passed by a State legislature is void if it is not repugnant to their own'constitution nor the Constitution of the United States.
Vague apprehensio'ns seem to be entertained that unless such a power is claimed and exercised inequitable consequences may result from unnecessary taxation, but in my judgment there is much more to be dreaded from judicial decisions which may have the eftect to sanction the fraudulent repudiation of honest debts, than from any statutes passed by the Stfae to enable municipal corporations to meet and discharge their just pecuniary obligations.

BASEY ET AL. V. GALLAGHER.
1. Where in an equity case a demurrer is filed to the complaint and the record does not disclose what disposition was mad'e of it, and an answer is subsequently filed, upon which the parties proceed to a hearing, it will be presumed on appeal that the demurrer was abandoned.
2. Although by the organic act of the Territory of MIfontana common-law and chancery jursdiction is exercised by the same court, and by legislation of the Territory the distinctions between the pleadings and modes of procedure in comimon-law actions and those in equity suits are abolished, the essential distinction between law and equity is not changed. The relief which the law affords must be administered through the intervention of a jury, unless a jury be waived; the relief which equity affords must be applied by the court itself, and all information presented to guide its action, whether obtained through masters' reports or find-
ings of a jury, is merely advisory. 3. The provision in the statute of Montana of 1867 regulating proceedings
in civil cases declaring "1that an issue of fact shall be tried by a jury, unless a jury trial is waived," does not require the court in an equity case to regard the findings of a jury called in the case as conclusive, though no application to vacate the findings bd made by the parties, if in its judgment they are not supported by the evidence. 4. In the Pacific States and Territories a right to running waters on the public lands of the United States for purposes of irrigation may be

Oct. 1874.]

8BASEY V. GALLAGHER.

Statement of the case.

acquired by prior appropriation, as against parties not having the title of the government. The right, exercised within reasonable limits, having reference to the condition of the country, and the-necessities of the community, is entitled to protection. This rule obtains in the Territory of Montana, and is sanctioned by its legislation. 5. By the act of Congress of July 26th, 1866, which provides '"that whenever by priority of possession rights to the use of water for mining, agricultural, manufacturing, or other purposes, have vested and accrued, and the same are recognized and acknowledged by the local customs, laws, and decisions of courts, the possessors and owners of such vested rights shall be maintained and protected in the same," the customary law with respect, to tlhe use of water, which had grown up among occupants of the public land under the peculiar necessities of their condition, is recognized as valid. That law may be shown by evidence of the local customs, or by the legislation of the State or Territory, or the decisions of the courts. The union of the three conditions in any particular case is not essential to the perfection of the right by priority ; and in case of conflict, between a locaclustom and a statutory regulation, the latter, as of superior authority, will control.
APPE.AL from the Supreme Court of the Territory of Montana. The case was thus:
The organic act of the Territory just named recognizes the distinction between the jurisdictions of law and equity, but requires that proceedings in both be in the same court.
By a statute of the Territory regulating proceedings in such cases in courts of the Territory, only one form of civil action is allowed; and itis there enacted that "issues of fact shall be tried by a jury, unless a jury is waived or a reference ordered," in a way which the statute piovides.
In this state of the law Gallagher and others filed a- bill in
one of the District Courts of the Territory, against Basey, Stafford, and others, prayingfor an injunctionto restrain them fi:om diverting the water of a streani known as Avalanche Creek, in the said Territocy, to which they, the plaintifs, asserted a right by prior appropriation for the purposes of itigation. They a' 1eged that in the year 1$66 they and their "predecessors in interest took up for settlement and cultivation certain farms, designated by them as "ranches," on the public lands of the United States near the creek, in the county of Mieagher, in. that Territory; and that they or their predecessors in interest had ever since occupied and

BASEY V. GALLAGHER.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

cultivated the same; that it was necessary to irrigate the land for its successful cultivation, and to raise grain, hay, and vegetables; that they accordingly, during that year and the following spring, constructed, at great labor and ex.pense, a ditch by which they intersected the creek a short distance from its junction with the Missouri River, and conveyed its water to their farms and used it for irrigation; that at this time the water was not appropriated by any person, and was subject to appropriation by them; that by their ditch they appropriated the water to the extent of five hundred inches, according to the measurement'of miners; that this amount was necessary to the successfui cultivation of the land, and by means of it they and their predecessors in interest were enabled to cultivate the fatrms and raise large and valuable crops of grain, hay, and vegetables.
They further alleged that subsequent to this appropriation by them, and during the years 1867 and 1870, and the intervening period, the defendants erected dams across the creek above the head of their ditch and diverted the water of the stream, and thereby wholly deprived them of its use and enjoyment, preventing their cultivation of the farms and rendbring them useless; that had the water been permitted to flow, unobstructed by the dams of the defendants, there would have been a sufficient supply for irrigatiolg and cultivating the farms. They therefore sought the aid of the court to restrain the defendants from diverting the water, except so much as might be in excess of the five hundred inches appropriated by them.
To this complaint the defendants demurre1, on the, ground;4st, that the cause of action alleged was barred by the statute. of limitations; and, 2d, that the complaint did not state a cause of action. The record did not disclose what.disposition was made of the demurrer.
An answer was subsequently filed which denied the several allegations of the complaint, except the one which averred the possession by the plaintiffs of their farms.
The record was a very defective one, and presented the case obscurely. Gathering, however, what could be gath-

Oct. 1874.]

BASEY V. GLLAGHER. Statement of the case.

ered from its imperfect statements, it would seem that at

the May Torm qf the District Court of the Territory in 1871,

previous to th6 fipal hearing,'which was had at the subse-

quent July Ternm, a jury was called in the case, to which

certain' qdestions were submitted and its answers taken.

The jury found substantially that parties by the name of

White and Torvais, prior to September' or October, 1866,

'had appropriated the water of the creek to the extent of

thirty-five inches; that these parties, during one of those

months, gave thepaintiffs and their predecessors the right

to connect with their ditch, and to extend and enlarge the

same; -that the plaintiffs and their predecessors commenced

such enlargement during those months, ftnd increased the

capacity of the ditch to two hfindred and fifty inches; that

White and Torvais afterwards, in 1867, sold their water-

right and ditch to the defendant, Stafford; that the defend-

ant, Basey, ,ad no interest in privity with the other defend-

ants, and diverted the water for his own use by agreement"

with the plaintiiff, and that neither of the other defendants

had diverted water to the injury of the plaintiffs previous to

the commencement of the action.

Upon .these special findings both parties moved the court

'for, judgment; the defendants, that the complaint be dis-

missed; the plaintiffs, that a dec'Iee pass in their favor. On

these motions the court heard the whole case 11on the plead-

ings, evidence, and proceedings therein, and the findings of

the jury," and rendered a decree adjudging that the defend-

ant, Stafford, was !enjitled to'thirty-five inches of the water,

aid that as against the defendants' saving this amount, the

plaintiffs were entitled to two hundued and fifteen inches of

the water, and decreed an injunction against any diversion

of the water by the defendants which vould prevent its flow

to this extent in the stream to the ditch of the plaintiffs.

From this decree an appeal was taken to the Supreme Court

of ihe Territory, and there the decree was affirmed. From

that affirmance this appeal was taken.

I u rendering the decree, the District Court disregarded a

portion of the findings of the jury and adopted others, and

VOL. iX.

48

BASEY v. GALLAGHER.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

this action was approved by the Supreme Court of the Territory, and coiistituted one' of the errors assigned here for the reversal of its decree.
The correctness or incorrectness of the decree appealed from, depended perhaps, in part, upon certain statutes.
They were thus: One was an act of Congress of July 26th, 1866,* which enacted as follows:
"SECTION 9. Whenever by priority of possession rights to the use of water for mining, agricultural, manufacturing or other purposes, have vested and accrued, and the same are recognized and acknowledged by the local customs, laws, and decisions of courts, the possessors and owners of such vested rights shall be maintained and protected in the same. And the right of way for the construction of ditches and canals for the purposes aforesaid is hereby acknowledged and confirmed."

The other statutes were Territorial acts. The first was an act passed on the 12th of January, 1865, entitled "An act to protect am regulate the irrigationof land in Montana Territory." The first section of this act thus enacted:
"All persons who claim, own, or hold a posscssory right or 'title to any land, or parcel of land, within the boundary of Mlontana Territory, as defined in the organic act of this Territory, when those claims are on the bank, margin, or neighborhood of any stream of water, creek, or river, shall be entitled to the use of the water of said stream for the purpose of irrigation, and making said claim available to the full extent of the soil for agricultural purposes."

The fourth section was thus:
"In case the volume of water in said stream or river shall not be sufficient to supply the continual wants of the entire country through which it passes, then the nearest justice of the peace shall appoint three commissioners, as hereinafter provided, -whose duty it shall be to apportion, in a just and equttable proportion, a certain amount of said water, upon certain alternate weekly days, to different localities,as they may in their judgment think best

14 Stat. at Large, 253.

Opt. 1874.]

BASEY V. GALLAGHER. Argument fo?-Y appellants.

for the interest of all parties concerned,'andwith a due regardto the legal rights of all."
In 1870 this act of 1865 was repealed and another act was passed, making provision for the construction of ditches and the irrigation of agricultural lands. This enacted in its second, fifth, and sixth sections as follows:
"SECTiON 2. Any person or persons, corporation or company, who may have or hold a title or possessory 'right or title to any agricultural lands within the limits of this Territory, as defined by the organic act thereof, shall be entitled to the use and enjoyment of the waters of the streams or creeks in said Territory for the purposes of irrigation and making said land available for agricultural. purposes to the full extent of the soil thereof.
"SECTIoN 5. In all controversies respecting the rights to water under the provisions of this act the same shall be determinedby the date of the appropriationas respectively made by the partied.
"SEcTION 6. The waters of the streams or creeks of the Territory may be made available to the full extent of the capacity thereof for irrigating purposes, without regard to deterioration in quality or diminution in quantity, so that the same do not materially affect or impair the rights of the prior appropriator, but in no case shall the same be diverted or turned from the ditches or canals of' such appropriator, so as to render the same unavailable."
In 1871 and 1872, when the statutes of Montana were revise(', and a code of laws and practice'was established for -the Territory, this last act was incorporated into the system and re-enacted as part of it.*

Mr. Montgomery Blairi for the appellants: The Supreme Court of the Territory erred in affirming the decree of the District Court: 1. Because in rendering that decree the District Cour't disregarded the findings of the jury, and by the laws of tle Ter'ritory those findings were conclusive upon the court.

* Laws of Montana; Codified Statutes, 1871 and 1872, p. 498.

676,

BASEY v. -GALLAGHEM.

"[S ap., Ct.

Argument for the appellants.

In the Territory of Montana only one form of action is allowed, and all distinctions in actions are abolished. And issues of fact are required to be tried by a jury in all cases, unless a jury is waived, or a/reference is ordered, as provided for in the act. Abid the jury are made the exclusive judges of all questions of fact. Now in Taylor v. Person,* a case from North Carolina, in which the distinction between law and equity is fully recognized, but where a statute requires just what the Montana statute requires, it has been adjudged that if the record does-not show that the facts had been found by a jury, it is error for which the decree will be
reversed.
2. Because the decree proceeds upon the assumption that the appellees acquired a vested right in the Water in question by being the first appropriators of it.
The law governing this subject'is found in the act of Congress of Jifly 26th, 1866. By the terms of that act the right in question is made to depend upon the existence of three several conditions: First,"it must be recognized and acknowledged by the local customs of the Territory ;" second, by " the (loca!) laws ;" aud, third, "by the decisions of the courts." .
The fourth section of the act of the Territory of 1865 is inconsistent with the doctrine of right by prior appropriation, and so Chief Justice Wade held in his separate opinion in the case of Thorp v. Freed.t It is true that his associatei Knowles, J., differed from'him, and that the case was decided oil other grounds. In commenting upon the statute mentioned the Chief Justice says:
"The whole purpose of the statute was to utterly abolish and annihilate the doctrine of prior appropriation." . . . "If the section does not mean that there shall be an equal distribution among all the parties concerned in such water, without any regard whatever to the date of appropriation, then I am utterly unable to comprehend the language used."

* 2 Hawks, 298.

t 1 Montana, 653.

Oct.. 1874.]

BASEY V. GALLAGHER.

Argument for the appellees.

Mr. _R.T,. MAferrick, contra:
I. The case was a chancery case, and was tried as such, and the decree is in the usual form of decrees in chancery.
The issues submitted to the jury were so subinitted only* to aid the chancellor in ascertaining, from the evidence before him, the ultimate facts upon which to rest his decree. The two jurisdidtions of law and equity in Montana are recognized as separate and distinct, and even though one form of action prevail, must be ek-ercised as separate and distinct from each other in all cases, and equitable or legal relief adminiistered according to the rules appertaining to the jurisdictions respectively.
I. The first appropriation of the water of a stream passing through the public lands of the United States for some beneficial purpose confers the right to the use and. enjoyment of the water to the extent of the original appropriation.*
In this case there is no riparian owner except the United States, and the record does not show that either of the parties even occupy along the margin of the stream. The lands being open to appropriation .the rule of time is the rule of right, and the first taker is to be protected iAihis entry and
possession. Blackstone says: t
"If a stream be unoccupied I may erect a mill thereon, and detain the water; yet not so as to injure my neighbor's prio'r mill, or his meadow, for he hath by his first occupancy acquired a property in the current."
In Williams v. .Morlandjand in Liggins v. Inge,§ and in the
earlier casei in Massachusetts and Connecticut a similar principle was announced. Later adjudications in England establishing a different ddctrine rest upon the fact that the

Irwin v. Phillips, 5 California, 140; Bear River Co. v. The York Mining

Co., 8 Id. 332; Butte Canal Co. v. Vaughn, 11 Id. 152; McDonald v. Bear River Co., 13 Id. 220; Phnnix Water Co. v. Fletcher, 23 Id. 482; Hill v. Smith, 27 Id. 476; Smith v. O'Hara, 43 Id. 371 ; Lobdell v. Simpson et al., 2 Nevada, 274; Ophir Mining Co. v. Carpenter, 4 Id. 534; Hobart v. Ford, 6 Id. 80; Dalton v. Bowker, 8 Id. 201.

t 3 Commentaries, 403. 2 Barnewall & Creswell, 913. -

7 Bingham, 692.

BASEY v. GALLAGHER.

[Sup. Ct.

Argument for the appellees.

right to the use of thie water of the stream had never been detached as propertyfrom the ownership of the adjacent soil, and that such use wag claimed and held only as a ripar:a, right.
The act of Congress of July 26th, 1866, clearly recognizes a right to the use of water as independent of any right or title to land, and assures protection to this right whenever it has "vested" by "priority of possession," provided the "local customs, laws, and decisions of courts," recognize such a right and such a mode of acquiring it.
Congress is here dealing with the public domain. The question then arises, is the case of the complainant within the provisions, of the act of Congress of July 26th, 1866 ? Do the local customs, laws, and decisions of the courts of Montana recognize the acquisition of a right to the use of the water of a stream by appropriation, as separate and distinct from the ownership of laud adjacent to the stream, and is such right fto be determined by the priority of possession among respective claimants ? What is the fact as to the local customs, laws, and decisions of Montana, as they affect this question ? [The counsel here cited and commented upon the laws of the Territory which are given in the statement of the case; and contended that they established that "rights to the use of water for agricultural pur5oses" may be acquired and become vested by priority of possession.] The "local customs and decisions of the courts" of the Territory also recognize and establish a similar rule of property. In Thorp v. M-reed, Knowles, J., says:
"Ever since the settlembnt of this Territory it has been the custom of those who settled themselves upon the public domain and devoted any part thereof to the purposes of agriculture, to dig ditches and turn out the water of some stream to irrigate the same. This right has been generally recognized by our people. It has been universally conceded that it was a necessity of agriculturalpursuits. So universal has been this usage that I

·Oct. 1874.]

BASEY V. GALLAGHER.

Opinion of the court.

do not suppose there has been a parcel of land, to the cxtpnt of one acre, cultivated within the bounds of this Territory that has not been irrigated by water diverted from some running
stream."

Wade, 0. J., in a separate opinion'in the same ease, denies that any custom exists recogniziug the right to appro-priate water for the purposes of agriculture and .irrigation, whilst apparently admitting the existence of the custom as applied to mining and the mineral .lauds of the public domain.
But ifa usage exists recognizing the right to divert and appropriate water, the purpose for which the appropriation may be made is immaterial, provided it'be useful or beneficial and not for speculation.*
This riglif has been recognized, too, by the courts. .The cases referred to show that it has been uniformly recognized and established in California and Nevada, and the courts of Montana have, on this subject, followed the decisions of the courts of those States.t

Mr. Justice FIELD, after stating the facts of the case, delivered the opinion of the court, as follows:
The record does not disclose what -disposition was made of the demurrer to the complaint, but as an answer was subsequently filed upon which the parties proceeded to a hearing, the presumption is that it was abandoued.
By the organic act of the Territory, the District Courts are iuvested with chancery and, common-law jurisdiction. The,two jurisdictions are exerciahd by the same court, and, under the legislatio of the Territory, the modes of procedure up t'othe trial or hearing are the same whether a legal or equitable remedy is sought. The suitor, whatever relief he may ask, is required to state "in ordinary and concise ]an-

* Ortman et al. v. Dixon, 13 California, 33; Davis v. Gale, 32 Id. 26; Woolman v.Garringer, 1 Montana, 685.
t- Caruthers v.Pemberton, 1 Montana, 1 1, 118; Tliorp v. Woolman, lb.. 171,17.2; Woolman v.Garringer, Ib: 535, 543; Atchison v. Peterson, Ib.564.

BASEY v. GALLAGHER.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

guage" the facts-of his case upon which he ihvokes the judgment of the court. But the consideration which the court will give to the questions raised by the pleadings, when the case is called for trial or hearing, .whether it will submit them to a jury, or pass upon them without any such intervention,pmust depend upon fhe jurisdiction which is to be exercised If the remedy sbught be a legal one, a jury is essential unless waived by the stiumlation of the parties; but if the remedy sought be equitable, the court is, not bound to call a'jury, and if it does call'one, it is only for the purpose of enlightening its conscience, and nrot to control its judgment. The decree which it must render upon the law and the facts' must proceed from its own judgment respecting them, and not from the judgment of others. Sometimes in the same action both legal and equitable relief may be sought, as for example, where damages are claimed for a past diversion of water, and an injunction prayed against its diversion in the future. Upon the question of damages, a jury would be required; but upon the propriety of an injunction, the action of the court alone c6uld be invoked. The Ibrmal distinctions in the pleadings and modes of procedure are abolished; but the essential distinction between law and equity is not changed. The relief which the law affords must still be administered through the intervention of a jury, unless a jury be vaived; the'relief which equity affords must still be applied by the court itself, and all information presented to guide its action, whether obtained through masters' reports or findings of a jury, is merely advisory. Ordinarily, where there has been an examination before a jury of a disputed fact, and a special finding made, the court will follow it. But whether it does so or not must depend upon the question whether it is satisfied with the verdict. This discretion to disregard the findings of the jury may undoubtedly be qualified by statute; but we do not find anything in the statute of Montana, regulating proceedings in civil cases, which affects this discretion. That statute is substantially a copy of the statute of California as it existed in 1851, and it was frequently held by the Supreme

Oct. 1874.]

BASBY v. GALLA4HER.

681

Opinion of the court.

Court of that State, that.the provision in that act requiring issues of fact to be triea by'a jury, unless a jury was waived by the parties, did not requir-e the court below to regard, as conclusive the findings of a jury in an. equity case, even .though no application to vacate the. 'findings was made by
the parties, if in its judgment they were not suppol-ted bythe evidence. That-court only held that'the fiuidings, when not objected to in the court beloiv'and the judge was satisfled with them, could not be questioned for the first time.on.
appeal.?' The question on the merits in this -case is whether a r0ight
to:running waters on the public lands of the United States for purposes of irrigation can be acquired by .prior appro-priation, as against parties not having the title of the government. Neither paIty has any title from the Unit~ci States; no question as to the rights of riparian proprietors'can thereford 'arise. It will he.time enough to consider'tbose ights when either of the parties has obtained thd patent of the government.' At present, both parties stand uipon the same footing; neither can allege' that the other is a, trespasser against the government without at the same time in-validating his own claim.
In the late case of Atchison v. Peterson,f we .had occasion to consider the respective rights of-miners to running'wa.ters on the mineral lands of the public domain ;. and we there. held that by the custom which had obtained among miners in the Pacific States and Territories, the party who first subjected the water to ,use, of took the necessary stpp . for that purpose, was regarded, except as against the government as the source of title in all controversies.respecting it; that the do9trines of the common law declaratory of the rights of riparian propriet6rs were inapplicable, or applicable only to a limited extent, to the necess.ities of miners, and were inadequate to their protection; that- the equality of right

Still v. Saunders, 8 California, .287; Goode v. Smith, 13 Id. 81 ; Duff 0.
Fisher, 15 Id. 376. See, also, Koppikus v. State Capitol Commissioners, 16 Id. 248; and Weber v. Marshall, 19 Id. 447.
t.Supra, p. 607.

BASEY v. GALLAGHER.

[Sup. Ot.

Opinion of the court.

recognized by that law among all the proprietors upon the same stream, would have been incompatible with any extended diversion of the water by one proprietor, and its conveyance for mining purposes to points from which it could not be restored to the stream; t-hat the government by its silent acquiescence had assented to and encouraged the occupa,tion of the public lands for mining; and that he who
first connected his labor with property thus situated and open to general exploration, did in natural justice, acquire a better rilght to its use and enjoyment than others who bad nbt,-given such labor; that.the miners on the public lands thffoughouq the Pacific States and Territories, by their customs, usages, and regulations, iad recognized the inherent justice of this, principle, and the principle itself was at an early period recognized by legislation and enforced by the courts in those States and Territories, and was finally approved by the legisiation of Congress in 1866. The vieivs there-expressed and the rulings. made are equally applicable to the use of water on the public lands for purposes of irrigation. No distinction is made in those States and Territories by.the custom of miners or settlers, or by the courts, in the kights of the first appropriator from the use made of'the
water, if the use be a beneficial oae. In the ciase of Tartar v. The Spring COeek Water and Mining
Company, decided in 1855, the Supreme Court of California said: "Th e current of decisions of this court go to establish that the policy of this State, as derived from her legisfation, is to permit settlers in all capacities to occupy the public lands, and by such occupation to acquire the right of undisturbed enjoyment against all the world but the true owner. In evidence of. this, acts' have been passed to pro'tect the possession of agricultural lands acquired by mere occupancy; to license minersi to' provide for the recovery of mining claims; recognizing canals and ditches which were known to divert the water of streams from their natur.al ebannels for-mining purposes; and others of like char-
cter. This.polidy has been extended equally to all pursuits, and no partiality for one over another has been evinced, ex-

Oct. 1874.]

BASEY v. GALLAGHER. Opinion of the court.

cept in the single case where the rights of the agriculturist are made to yield to those of the miner where gold is discovered in his land. . . . The policy of the-exception is obvious. Without it the entire gold region might have been inclosed in large tracts, under the pretence of agriculture and grazing, and eventually what would have sufficed as a rich bounty to many thousands would be reduced to the proprietorship of a few. Aside from this the legislation and acisions have been uniform in awarding the right of peaceable enjoyment to the first occupant, either of the land or of anything incident to the land."*
Ever since that decision it has been held generally throughout the Pacific States and Territories that the right to water by prior appropriation for any beneficial purpose is elhtitled to protection. Water is diverted to propel machinery in flour-mills and saw-mills, and to irrigate land forxctltivatiofi, as well as to enable miners to work their mining claims; and in all such cases the right of the first appropriator, exercised within reasonable limits, is respected and enforced. We say within reasonable limits, for this right to wate'r-like the right by prior occupancy to mining ground or agricultural land, is not unrestricted. It must be exercised with' reference to the general condition of the country and the necessities of the people, and not so as to -teprive 'Ewhole neighborhood or community of its use and vest an absolute monopoly in a single individual. The act of Oongrcei--bf 1866 recognizes' the yight -to water by prior appropria'don for agricultural and manufacturing purposes, as well as for mining. Its language is: "That whenever by prioriiy of possession rights to the use of water for mining, agricultural, manufacturing, or other purposes, have vested and accrued, and the same are recognized and acknowledged by the local customs, laws, and decisions of courts, the possessorsi .fid owners of such vested rights shall be maintained and/protected in the same."
It is very evident that Congress intended, althoug the Ian-

Per Heydenfeldt, J., 5 California, 397.

1084

BAStY v). GALLAGHER..

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

guage used is not happy, to recognize as valid the customary law with respect to the use of water which had grown up, among the occupants of the publid land under the peculiar necessities of their condition ; and that law may be shown by evidence of the local custotns, or by the legislation of the State or Territory, or the decisions of the courts. The union of the three conditions in any particular case is not essential to the perfection of the right by priority; and in chse of conflict between a loal custom and a statutory regulation, the latter, as of superior authority, must necessarily control.
,This law was in force when the plaintiffs in this case acquired their right to the waters of Avalanche Creek. There was also in force an act of the Trritory, passed on the 12th of January, 1865, to protect 'and'regulate the irrigation of land, which declared in its first section that all persons who claimed or held a possessory right or title to any land witbin the Territory on the bank, margin, or neighborhood of any stream of water, should be" entitled to the use of the water of said stream for the purpose of irrigation and making said claim available to the full extent of the soil for agriculturMl purposes." Another section provided that in case the volume of water in the stream was not sufficieht to supply the continual wants of the entire country, through which -itpassed, an apportionment of the water should be made betiveen different localities by commissioners ap'pointed foik that purpose. This last section has no application to the present ·case, forit is not pretended that there was not Water enough in the district, where Avalanche Creek flows, to supply the wants of the -country; -and, .the section itself was repealed
in 1870.* In January of that year another act was passed by the
legisl~ature of Montana upon the same subject, which rgcognizes the right by prior appropriation of, water for the purposes of irrigation, and declares that all controversies respeeting the rights to water uiider its provisions shall be

., * Session Laws of 1865, 3671

Oct. 1874.].

OBctA. S1E7Y4.]. v. GALLAGHER.

Opinion of the court.

determined by the date of the appropriation as respectively made by the parties, and that the water of the, stream'is shall
be made available to their full extent for irrigating purposes, without regard to deterioration'in quality or diminution in quantity, "so that the same do not- materially affict or impair the rights of the prior appropriator; but in,no case shall the same- be diverted or turned from the ditches or canals of such appropriator so as to render the same inA.vailable."*
Several decisions of the Supreme Court of Montana have been cite(d to us iecognizing the right by prior apprdpriation. to water for purposes of mining on the public lands of. the
United States,.and there is no solid eason' for upholding the right-when the water is thus used, which does not aplly with the same force when the water is sought on those lands for any other equally beneficial purpose. In Thorp y. FHed the subject was very ably discussed by two of the justices of that court, who differed in opinion upon thequestion in that case, where both parties had acquired the title of the
government. The disagreement would seem to have arisen id the 'j)plication of the doctrine. to a case where title had passed from the government, and not in its application, to a case where neither- party had acquired that title.. In -the
course of his opinion Mr. Justice Knowles stated that.ever since the settlement of the Territory it'had been the c.ustom of those Who, had settled themselves upon the public domai and devoted any part thereof to the purposes bf agrioultur to dig ditches and'turn out the wter oft some ktream't5 in
gate the same; that this right had been:4 nerally recognize by the people of the Territory, and Md,been universally co7 ceded as a necessity of agriculturalpurs7is. "%Souniversal," added the just'ce, "has been this usa;e that I do not sup. pose there has bdeh a parcel of -land, t the extent 6f one acre, cultivated'witbiii the bounds of this Territory, thait has not"been irrigated by water.diverted from some running
stream."I

* Session Laws. of 1870, 7.

t I Monatana, 652, 665.

BASEY V. GALLAGHER.

[Sup. ot.

Opinion of the court.

We are satisfied that the right claimed by the plaintiffs is one which, under the customs, laws, and decisions of the courts of the Territory, and the act of Congress, should be recognized and protected.
DECREE AFFIRMED.

ERRATUm.
The reader will please to consider what is below as inserted on page 591, after the last clause of the syllabus of MHrdock v. City of Memphis, and as paragralh 9 thereof; and also to consider the same thing as inserted in the Index, en page 698, as a paragraph between the paragraphs 2 and 3 of the title "Jurisdiction," now there.
Where an act of Congress calls into operative, effect a provision in a deed, in virtue of which provision thus called into effect, a party claims title and right in such a way that, confessedly, but for the act, no suit would lie,
the party so claiming claims a "1title "7and "1right " " under ," a statute of the United States within the meaning of the act of February 5th, 1867; and if the decision is against the title and right thus set up and claimed, jurisdiction exists here to re-examine.

Oct. 1874.]

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL.

Syllabus.

the intent with which the new notes were given which must determine the validity of the lien of the judgment, and the unconstitutionality of the ordinance, if the parties believed it would be enforced, can have no influence in repelling the presumption of the intention to give and secure priority of judgment, and by that means a preference.
It is said that this case comes within the principle decided by this court in Wilson v. City Bank,* because in this case, as in that, the judgment creditor had no defence and made none. But no careful reader of that case can fail to see that if the debtor there had done anything before suit which would have secured the bank a judgment with priority of lien, with intent to do so, that the judgment of this court would have been different from what it was.
The Circuit Court in this case submitted the question of fraudulent preference to a jury, but with the opinions of that court in the case, as found in the record, the jury was probably misled as to the law. At all events, in such issues from chancery submitted to the jury their verdict is not conclusive, and we think the intent to secure a preference in this case by means of this judgment, both on the part of the bankrupt and the judgment creditor, so clear, that we feel bound to reverse the decree and to remand the case with instructions to enter a decree in favor of plaintiff, that the judgment of T. L. Alexander is void as against the assignee, and is no lien on the property of the bankrupt in the hands of his assignee.
DECREE REVERSED AND THE CASE REMANDED.

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL.
1. A court of equity has not jurisdiction to avoid a will or to set aside the probate thereof on the ground of fraud, mistake, or forgery; this being within the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of probate.
* 17 Wallace, 473.

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

2. Nor will a court of equity give relief by charging the executor of a will or a legatee with a trust in favor of a third person, alleged to be defrauded by the forged or fraudulent will, where the court of probate could afford relief by refusing probate of the will in whole or in part.
3. The same rule applies to devises of real estate, of which the courts of law have exclusive jurisdiction, except in those States in which they are subjected to probate jurisdiction.
4. Semble that where the courts of probate have not jurisdiction, or where the period for its further exercise has expired and no Iaches are attributable to the injured party, courts of equity will, without disturbing the operation of the will, interpose to give relief to parties injured by a fraudulent or forged will against those who are in possession of the decedent's estate or its proceeds, malfide, or without consideration.
5. But such relief will not be granted to parties who are in laches, as where from ignorance of the testator's death they made no effort to obtain relief until eight or nine years after the probate of his will.
6. Ignorance of a fraud committed, which is the ordinary excuse for delay, does not apply in such a case, especially when it is alleged that the circumstances of the fraud were publicly and generally known at the domicile of the testator shortly after his death.
7. Whilst alterations in the jurisdiction of the State courts cannot affect the equitable jurisdiction of the Circuit Courts of the United States, so long as the equitable rights themselves remain, yet an enlargement of equitable rights may be administered by the Circuit Courts as well as by the courts of the State.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court for the District of California.
This was a suit in equity brought by the alleged heirsat-law of David C. Broderick, late United States Senator from California, to set aside the probate of his will, and have the same declared a forgery, and to recover the said
Broderick's estate, much of which consisted of lands now comprised in the thickly settled portions of the city of San Francisco.
The complainants were John Kieley and Mary, his wife, George Wilson and Ann, his wife, and Ellen Lynch, all residents of Sidney, in New South Wales, and subjects of Great Britain and Ireland. They alleged that Mary Kieley, Ann Wilson, and Ellen Lynch were, at the dbath of Brodcrick, his next of kin and only heirs-at-law, being daughters of Catharine Broderick, sister of Thomas Broderick, the father of the said David.

Oef. 1874.]

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL.

Statement of the case.

There were several hundred defendants, who were in possession of and claiming as owners the property in question. John A. McGlynn, one of the executors who propounded the will and procured its probate, was also one of the defendants.
The bill was filed on the 16th of December, 1869, and stated that Broderick died oil the 16th of September, 1859, intestate, being at the time a citizen of the United States and a resident of San Francisco, in California, seized and possessed of real and personal property in said State. Then, after stating the relationship and status of the complainants, the bill proceeded to allege that at the time of his death, Broderick was seized of the real estate set out in the schedule annexed to the bill, and was possessed of personal property to the amount of $20,500, also set forth in a
schedule. It then alleged that on the 20th day of February, 1869,
the defendant McGlynn, on behalf of himself and one A. J. Butler, presented to the Probate Court of San Francisco a certain paper writing (a copy of which was annexed) which they falsely pretended was the last will and testament of the said Broderick, in which the said McG]ynn, Butler, and one George Wilkes were named as executors, and, at the same time, presented their petition in writing, whereby they prayed the court to admit the said will to probate, and issue to them letters testamentary, knowing, at the time, that the said paper was a forgery. And the bill charged the fact to be that it was a forgery, and not Broderick's will; that it was forged about the 1st of January, 1860, after his death, for the purpose of defrauding his legal heirs, and that it was written by one Alfred Phillips, and that the name of Broderick was signed thereto by one Moses Flanagan. The bill then proceeded to state as follows:
"That the said Butler, well knowing that the said paper was a forgery, caused it to be presented as aforesaid, as the genuine, true, and valid will of the said Broderick, and caused a commission to issue under the seal of the said Probate Court, to a commissioner of the State of California residing in New York City,

CASE OF BIODERIcK'S WILL.

[Sup. Ct.

Statement of the case.

to take the testimony, reduce to writing, and return it to the said Probate Court, of John J. Hoff and Alfred A. Phillips, whose names appear as subscribing witnesses to said paper; and their testimony was so taken and returned, to the effect and purport that the name of the said Broderick signed to said instrument was the genuine signature of the said Broderick, and that he did sign. seal, publish, and declare the said instrument to be his last will and testament, in the presence of the said witnesses; and that they did sign the same, as witnesses, at his request, in his presence and in the presence of each other; and the said Butler did, also, procure and present to said court the testimony of certain experts in handwriting, who testified to said court that, in their opiiion, the name of Broderick, subscribed to the said paper, was in the genuine handwriting of the said Broderiek; he, the said Butler, well knowing that the same was not the genuine handwriting of said Broderick, and the same was not in truth and fact the genuine handwriting of said Broderick; and by means of such false testimony (your orators not having any notice in fact of said proceedings, and no one appearing in their behalf) they did obtain the order and judgment of the said court admitting the said will to probate, as the genuine last will and testament of the said Broderick, and granting letters testamentary to Butler (now deceased) and IcGlynn, as executors of said last will and testament, and they proceeded to act as such executors, and allowed and procured to be approved by the probate judge claims against the said estate to the amount of $80,000.
"And afterward the said Butler and MeGlynn caused application to be made to said Probate Court for, and obtained, an order of sale of the estate of the said Broderick, deceased, under which they sold the whole of the said estate. That at the time of said sale, which took place in the city and county of San Francisco, it was a matter of public and general notoriety that the said pretended last will and testament of said Broderick, under and by virtue whereof all said probate proceedings were taken and said property sold, was not the will of said Broderick, but was a forged and simulated paper, and all of those who purchased at the said sale, and the defendants and those through whom they deraign title subsequent to the said sale, purchased and acquired whatever interest they have or had with full notice of the frauds hereinbefore alleged."

Oct. 1874.]

CASE Or BRODERICK'S WILL.

Statement of the case.

It appeared by a subsequent statement that the will was admitted to probate on the 8th of October, 1860, and that the sale referred to took place November 7th, 1861.
The bill then alleged that the complainants had no knowledge or information of Broderick's death, nor of the forgery of the will, nor of its presentation for probate, nor of the probate or order of sale, nor of any of the proceedings, until the last day of December, 1866, within three years of filing the bill; and that since that time they had been diligently endeavoring to discover the facts and the evidence relating thereto.
The bill charged that the defendants claimed as owners or were in possession of some portion of Broderick's estate, de-
riving their only title or claim thereto by or under the probate sales and conveyances as-made by the said pretended executors by virtue thereof; that Butler was dead, and that
Wilkes no longer had any interest. It then prayed an answer to several specific interroga-
tories, as, namely, whether the several defendants did not know, or had not been informed, that the probated paper was a forged instrument? Whether it was not, in fact, forged, and not the will of Broderick? Whether it was not fabricated after his death, as stated in the bill ? Whether
Butler did not cause it to be propounded for probate, knowing it to be a forgery? Whether he did not procure the testimony and probate, and sell the property by virtue of orders of said Probate Court, as stated? And that MYeGlynn and others, who took part in the probate sale of the property, might set forth the details thereof, the time when sold, the amounts received, and the disposition of the proceeds.
It prayed further that the will might be declared a forgery; that the probate and all subsequent proceedings might be set aside and annulled, including the decrees of probate, sale, &c., or that the defendants, purchasers of lands and lots under the said orders of sale, or deraigning title therefrom, might be charged as trustees for the complainants, and might be compelled to convey to them, or that a com-

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL.

[Sup. Cr.

Statement of the case.

missioner be appointed to make such conveyance, and for general relief.
By the will in question, a copy of which was annexed to the bill, the testator, after payment of his debts, gave to his friend, John A. McGlynn, $10,000, and all the residue of his estate to George Wilkes, of New York, and made Wilkes, McGlynn, and Butler executors. It purported to be dated at New York, January 2d, 1859.
Many of the defendants answered the bill, denying all knowledge or belief of any fraud or fbrgery in the will, and claiming to be bondfide purchasers without any notice of any such fraud or forgery. Many other defendants demurred to the bill.
In August, 1871, an amended bill was filed, whereby the complainants reiterated with much particularity the facts that they never resided in California or the United States, and never heard, or had any opportunity of hearing of Broderick's death, or the events connected with the probate of the will, until more than eight years after its being filed for probate, being illiterate, and living in a remote and secluded region in Australia, and stating other facts of the same general character to account for their not having sooner taken any proceedings to assert their rights.
Demurrers were also filed to the bill as amended, and upon the argument of these demurrers the bill was dismissed by the Circuit Court. From that decree the present appeal was taken.
The grounds relied on by the defendants on the demurrer, and by the appellees here, were-
1st. That a court of equity had no jurisdiction of the subject-matter of this suit, the same being vested exclusively in the Probate Court of the City and County of San Francisco.
2d. That the action was barred by several statutes of limitation of the State of California.
3d. That the defendants were purchasers at a judicial sale, made under the orders of a court of competent jurisdiction, never reversed or set aside, and not impeached by the bill.

Oct. 1874.-]

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL. Opinion of the court.

4th. That the complainants were non-resident foreigners, incapable of taking or holding property in California.
The special character of the Probate Court of the City and County of San Francisco, and the provisions of the several statutes of California about it, and also as to limitations, are set forth in the opinion of the court.*

Mr. I T. Williams (a brief of AlR. S. H Phillips beingfiled), for the appellants; Mr. S. Al. Wilson, contra.

Mr. Justice BRADLEY delivered the opinion of the court.
As to the first point, it is undoubtedly the general rule, established both in England and this country, that a court of equity will not entertain jurisdiction of a bill to set aside a will or the probate thereof. The case of Kerrick v. Bransby,t decided by the House of Lords in 1727, is considered as having definitely settled the question. Whatever may have been the original,ground of this rule (perhaps something in the peculiar constitution of the English courts) the most satisfactory ground for its continued prevalence is, that the constitution of a succession to a deceased person's estate partakes, in some degree, of the nature of a proceeding in rem., in which all persons in the world who have any interest are deemed parties, and are concluded as upon res judicata by the decision of the court having jurisdiction. The public interest requires that the estates of deceased persons, being deprived of a master, and subject to all manner of claims, should at once devolve to a new and competent ownership; and, consequently, that there should be some convenient jurisdiction and mode of proceeding by which this devolution may be effected with least chance of injustice and fraud; and that the result attained should be firm and perpetual.
The courts invested with this jurisdiction should have ample powers both of process and investigation, and sufficient -opportunity should be given to check and revise proceedings tainted with mistake, fraud, or illegality. These objects

* Infra, p. 515-519.

f 8 Brown's Parliamentary Cases, 888.

CASE OF BRODERIcK'S WILL.

[Slip. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

are generally accomplished by the constitution and powers which are given to the probate courts, and the modes provided for reviewing their proceedings. And one of the principal reasons assigned by the equity courts for not entertaining bills on questions of probate is, that the probate courts themselves have all the powers and machinery necessary to give full and adequate relier.
In England after the acts of Parliament had authorized devises of real estate, the same position was assumed by courts of equity in regard to such devises; it being held that any fraud, illegality, or mistake affecting their validity could be fully investigated and redressed in the courts of common law, where only devises were cognizable.
An occasional exception, or apparent exception, to this non-interference of courts of equity with wills and devises is found in the books; but these occasional departures from the rule are always carefully placed on such special grounds that they tend rather to establish than to weaken its force. One of the most prominent cases adverted to is _Barnesley v. Powel,* in which an executor and residuary legatee had procured probate of a forged will by fraudulently inducing the testator's son, the person most directly interested, to execute a deed consenting to its probate, and Lord Hardwicke declared the deed void, and compelled the executor to consent, in the ecclesiastical court, to a revocation of the probate. But in doing this his lordship made a labored argument to show that the ecclesiastical court had no power to annul that deed, and that had it attempted to do so the common-law courts would have restrained it by prohibition.
It has also been held that where a person obtains a legacy by inserting his own name in the will, instead of that of the intended legatee, he may be declared a trustee for the latter.t In such a case the Court of Probate could not furnish a remedy, since to strike the bequest out of the will, or to refuse probate of it, would defeat the legacy altogether; and that court is incompetent to declare a trust.

* 1 Vesey, 284.

t- Mariott v. M!ariott, I Strange, 666.

Oct. 1874.]

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL.

Opinion of the court.

The English authorities were fully discussed by Lord Lyndhurst in Allen v. McPherson,* and by him and Lords Cottenham, Brougham, Langdale, and Campbell in the same case on appeal in the House of Lords.t In that case a codicil was revoked by a subsequent one, in consequence of false and fraudulent representations on the part of the person to be benefited by the change, prejudicing the testator against the person injured thereby. A bill was filed praying that the executor might be declared trustee for the first legatee to the extent of the legacies revoked. This bill was demurred to and dismissed; and the whole discussion turned upon the question whether or not the ecclesiastical court had jurisdiction to inquire of the matters of fraud alleged; and the court being of opinion that it had jurisdiction, the decree was affirmed. The court came to the conclusion that the ecclesiastical court had power to refuse probate of the revoking codicil, and, indeed, had had the question before it; but after investigating the facts had granted the probate. "If," said Lord Lyndhurst, "an error has been
committed in this or any other respect, which I am very far from supposing, that would not be a ground for coming to a court of equity. The matter should have been set right upon appeal. But the present is an attempt to review the decision of the Court of Probate, not by the judicial committee of the Privy Council, the proper tribunal for that purpose, but by the court of chancery. I think this cannot be done. It was formerly, indeed, considered that fraud in obtaining a will might be investigated and redressed in a court of equity; but that doctrine has long since been overruled."T Lord Lyndhurst also reviewed the cases in which a legatee or executor had been declared trustee for other persons, and came to the conclusion that they had been either questions of construction, or cases in which the party had been named a trustee, or had engaged to take as such, or in which the Court of Probate could afford no adequate or proper remedy. The effect of his reasoning was, that

*1 Phillips, 133.

t I House of Lords Cases, 191,

$ b. 209.

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

where a remedy is within the power of the ecclesiastical court, either by granting or refusing probate of the whole will or codicil, or of any portion thereof, a court of equity will not interfere. And this was the view of a majority of the law lords on that occasion, Lords Brougham and Campbell agreeing with Lord Lyndhurst.
It seems, therefore, to be settled law in England that the court of chancery will not entertain jurisdiction of questions in relation to the probate or validity of a will which the ecclesiastical court is competent to adjudicate. It will only act in cases where the latter court can furnish no adequate remedy.
It is laid down in the Duchess of Kingston's Case,* it is true, that fraud will vitiate the most solemn adjudications of all courts; and so it will when set up in the proper manner by the proper parties and in the proper court. But a person who in contemplation of law has had a day in court, and an opportunity to set up the fraud, and has not done so, is forever concluded, unless he was ignorant of its perpetration, in which case he will be entitled to set it up whenever he discovers it, if not himself guilty of laches.
The same principles substantially have been adopted by most of the courts having equity jurisdiction in this country. The point was considerably discussed in the case of Gaines v. Chew and _Relf.t That was a bill filed by the heir at law of Daniel Clark, and charged that a certain will made by him in 1813 was fraudulently suppressed, that another will made in 1811 was fraudulently set up and admitted to probate, and that the defendants, some of whom were executors of the latter will, and others purchasers of the estate, knew the fraud and could furnish the facts to establish the same, and had received large rents and profits from the estate, of all which the bill sought a discovery, and an account of profits received. The bill was demurred to, and on a division of opinion between the judges of the Circuit Court the ease came to this court on several questions stated,

* 20 Howell's Staite Trials, 64[4.

t2 Howard, 619.

Oct. 1874.]

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL.

Opinion of the court.

one of which was, whether the Circuit Court as a court of equity could entertain jurisdiction without probate of the suppressed will. Justice McLean, delivering the opinion of the court, said: "Formerly-it was a point on which doubts were entertained, whether courts of equity could not relieve against a will fraudulently obtained. And there are cases where the chancery has exercised such a jurisdiction. . . . In other cases such a jurisdiction has been disclaimed, though the fraud was fully established.... In another class of cases the fraudulent actor has been held a trustee for the party injured. . . . These cases [referring to various cases cited in the opinion] present no very satisfactory result as to the question under consideration. But since the decision of Kerrick v. Bransb!y,* and Webb v. Claverden,t it seems to be considered settled, in England, that equity will not set aside a will for fraud and imposition. The reason assigned is, where personal estate is disposed of by a fraudulent will, relief may be had in the ecclesiastical court; and, at law, on a devise of real property. . . . In cases of fraud equity has a concurrent jurisdiction with a court of law, but in regard to a will charged to have been obtained through fraud, this rule does not hold. It may be difficult to assign any very satisfactory reason for this exception. That exclusive jurisdiction over the probate of wills is vested in another tribunal, is the only one that can be given." After referring to several cases, the judge proceeds: "The American decisions on this subject have followed the English authorities. And a deliberate consideration of the question leads us to say that both the general and local law [of Louisiana] require the will of 1813 to be proved before any title can be set up under it." The court, however, sustained the bill as a bill of discovery to assist the complainants in their proofs before the Court of Probate, and intimate, on the authority of Barnesley v. Powell, that if the Probate Court should refuse to take jurisdiction from a defect of power to bring the parties before it, lapse of time, or any other ground, and

8 Brown's Parliamentary Cases, 385.

VOL. xxi.

3

f 2 Atkyns, 424.

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL.

[Sup. Ct

Opinion of the court.

there should be no remedy in the higher courts of the State, it might become the duty of the Circuit Court, having the parties before it, to require them to go to the Court of Probate, and consent to the proof of the will of 1813 and the revocation of the will of 1811; and the judge also went so far as to intimate further that should this procedure fail it might be a matter of grave consideration whether the inherent powers of a court of chancery might not afford a remedy, where the right was clear, by establishing the will of 1813. Of course, the latter expressions were obiter dicta, and can hardly be said to have the support of any wellconsidered cases. But the matter decided by the court, and the burden of the opinion, is in strict accord with the settled conclusions of the English courts.
Without quoting from the decisions of the various State courts it is sufficient to refer to the case of California v. McGlyn,* on the very will now in question. That case was founded on an information for an escheat of Broderick's estate, and a bill in equity at the suit of the State against the executors of the will, praying for an injunction to restrain them from selling the property of Broderick, and from intermeddling therewith. The principal frauds set up in the present case were set up in that, and a preliminary injunction, granted by the District Court, was dissolved by the Supreme Court on appeal on the ground that the probate of the will belonged to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Probate Court, and having been decided by that court was res judioata, and could not be reviewed by the court of chancery. The opinion of the court, delivered by Justice orton, is quite elaborate, and arrives at the following conclusion:
"Upon examining the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States, and of the courts of the several States, it will be found that they have uniformly held that the principles established in England apply and govern cases arising under the probate laws of this country; and that in the United States, wherever the power to probate a will is given

* 20 California, 233, 266.

Oct. 1874.]

CASE OF BRODERICK'S 'WILL.

Opinion of the court.

to a probate or surrogate's court the decree of such court is final and conclusive, and not subject, except on an appeal to a higher court, to be questioned in any other court, or be set aside or vacated by the court of chancery on any ground."
The judge further stated what the statutes of California demonstrate, that in that State the jurisdiction of the Probate Court is the same in regard to wills of real estate as to wills of personal estate, both classes requiring probate, and the probate of each having the same validity and effect. This is the case in several, perhaps the greater number, of the United States. In some of the older States, as in England, the probate of a will has no effect upon devises of real estate therein, except perhaps to stand as primd facie proof of its execution. But in many States wills of real and personal estate are placed upon the same footing in respect to probate and authentication. It is true the estate in lands devised goes to the devisee and not to the executor, but that is the only difference in the effect of the will or probate as respects the two classes of property.
There is nothing in the jurisdiction of the probate courts of California which distinguishes them in respect of the questions under consideration from other probate courts. They are invested with the jurisdiction of probate of wills and letters of administration, and all cognate matters usually incident to that branch of judicature. The constitution of the State as originally adopted in 1849, provided that the judicial power of the State should be vested in a supreme court, district courts, county courts, and justices of the peace, and that the legislature might establish such municipal and other inferior courts as might be deemed necessary.* It also ordained that there should be elected in each of the organized counties one judge, who should hold his office for four years, and should hold the county court, and perform the duties of surrogate or probate judge.-
These provisions were somewhat modified in September,

* Article 5, 1.

tArticle 6, 8.

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

1862, but not in any manner material to this case. Moreover the will in question was admitted to probate in October, 1860, before any modification took place. The act of the legislature in force at that time, on the subject of probate, was the act of May 1st, 1851, entitled "An act to regulate the settlement of the estates of deceased persons." By this act as it stood in 1860, having been somewhat modified by sundry amendments, it was declared that the county courts, when sitting for the transaction of probate business, should be known and called the "Probate Court," and the county judge should be ex officio probate judge. The mode of procedure for the probate of wills was pointed out. A petition was to be filed in the proper court by the executor or other person interested, and a day appointed for proving the will, not less than ten nor more than thirty days distant; and notice was to be published not less than twice a week in a newspaper published in the county, if there was one; if not, then by posting in three public places in the county.* Citations were also to be issued to the heirs, if they resided in the county, and to any executors named in the will and not joining in, the application for probate. Subpconas were to be issued to the witnesses if they resided in the county. Any person interested might appear and contest the will; and if it should appear that there were minors or non-residents of the county interested, the court was to appoint an attorney to represent them. If any person should appear and contest the will he must file a statement in writing of the grounds of his opposition. Issues when formed were to be sent to the District Court for trial by jury, unless the parties consented to a trial in the Probate Court.t Incompetency, restraint, undue influence, fraudulent representations, and any other cause affecting the validity of the will, are specially mentioned as questions upon which issues might thus be formed. Various provisions were added calculated to secure a thorough investigation on the merits.t

Hittell's Laws of California, Article " Probate Act," chap. 2, 14-13.

1Ib. 16-20.

: lb. 20.

Oct. 1874.]

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL. Opinion of the court.

It was further provided, that when a will had been admitted to probate, any person interested might at any time within one year after such probate, contest the same or the validity of the will, by filing in the same court a petition containing his allegations against its validity or the sufficiency of the proof, and praying that the probate might be revoked. Hereupon new citations were to be issued and a new trial had. But it was declared that if no person should within one year appear to contest the will or probate, the latter should be conclusive, saving to infants, married women, and persons of unsound mind, a like period of one year after disability removed.*
In view of these provisions, it is difficult to conceive of a more complete and effective probate jurisdiction, or one
better calculated to attain the ends of justice and truth. The question recurs, do the facts stated in the present bill
lay a sufficient ground for equitable interference with the probate of Broderick's will, or for establishing a trust as against the purchasers of his estate in favor of the complainants? It needs no argument to show, as it is perfectly apparent, that every objection to the will or the probate thereof could have been raised, if it was not raised, in the Probate Court during the proceedings instituted for proving the will, or at any time within a year after probate was granted; and that the relief sought by declaring the purchasers trustees for the benefit of the complainants would have been fully compassed by denying probate of the will. On the establishment or non-establishment of the will depended the entire right of the parties; and that was a ques. tion entirely and exclusively within the jurisdiction of the Probate Court. In such a case a court of equity will not interfere, for it has no jurisdiction to do so. The Probate Court was fully competent to afford adequate relief.
But the complainants allege that in consequence of cir-
cumstances beyond their control, and without their fault, they had no knowledge or information of Broderick's death,

* Hittell's Laws of California, Article "Probate Act" chap. 2, 80-86.

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL. Opinion of the court.

[Sup. Ct.

and, of course, no knowledge of the forgery of his will until within three years prior to the commencement of this suit, and after the period for contesting the will in the Probate Court had expired, and when the power of said court to investigate the subject further had ceased. They therefore insist that as the Probate Court had no further jurisdiction over the subject, a court of equity was competent to give relief as against parties having possession of the estate or its proceeds malO fide or without consideration.
Concede this to be true to a certain extent where injured parties have not lost their opportunity of appearing in the Court of Probate or in the equity court by any laches of their own; still it cannot help the complainants. What excuse have they for not appearing in the Probate Court, for example? None. No allegation is made that the notices were fraudulently suppressed, or that the death of Broderick was fraudulently concealed. The only excuse attempted to be offered is, that they lived in a secluded region and did not hear of his death, or of the probate proceedings. If this excuse could prevail it would unsettle all proceedings in tern.
But even admitting that, as to surplus proceeds, and property undisposed of, or acquired by those having actual knowledge of the fraud, the complainants might come into a court of equity on the ground of their own ignorance of the events when they transpired, they would still have to encounter the statute of limitations, which expressly declares that action for relief on the ground of fraud can only be commenced within three years; and the statutes of limitation in California apply to suits in equity as well as to actions at law.* It is true that it is added that the cause of action in such case is not to be deemed to have accrued until the discovery by the aggrieved party of the facts constituting the fraud. But that is only the application to cases at law of a principle which has always been acted upon in courts of equity. If fraud is kept concealed so as not to come to the knowledge of the party injured, those courts will not

* Boyd v. Blankman, 29 California, 19.

Oct. 1874.]

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL. Qpinion of the court.

charge him with laches or negligence in the vindication of his rights until after he has discovered the facts constituting the fraud. And this is most just. But that principle cannot avail the complainants in this case. By their own showing their delay was due, not to ignorance of the fraud, nor any attempt to conceal it, but to ignorance of Broderick's death, and all the open and public facts of the case. They admit, and expressly charge, that it was a matter of public notoriety at San Francisco, as early as 1861, that the will in question was not Broderick's will, but was a forged and simulated paper. They do not pretend that the facts of the fraud were shrouded in concealment, but their plea is that they lived in a remote and secluded region, far from means of information, and never heard of Broderick's death, or of the sale of his property, or of any events connected with the settlement of his estate, until many years after these events had transpired. Parties cannot thus, by their seclusion from the means of information, claim exemption from the laws that control human affairs, and set up a right to open up all the transactions of the past. The world must move on, and those who claim an interest in persons or things must be charged with knowledge of their status and condition, and of the vicissitudes to which they are subject. This is the foundation of all judicial proceedings in rem.
The fact that two of the complainants are married women does not take them out of the operation of the statute of limitations of California. They are only exempt when it is necessary that their husbands should join them in the suit.
This is not necessary by the law of the State where they sue for their separate estate, as in the present case. As to such property they act as femes sole. This suit, had it lain at all, could have been brought by the complainants, who are married women, though their husbands had refused to join them therein.
The statute of 1862 has been referred to, which gives to the District Courts of California power to set aside a will obtained by fraud or undue influence, or a forged will, and any probate obtained by fraud, concealment, or perjury.

CASE OF BRODERICK'S WILL.

[Sup. Ct

Opinion of the court.

Whilst it is true that alterations in the jurisdiction of the State courts cannot affect the equitable jurisdiction of the Circuit Courts of the United States, so long as the equitable rights themselves remain, yet an enlargement of equitable rights may be administered by the Circuit Courts, as well as by the courts of the State. And this is probably a case in which an enlargement of equitable rights is effected, although presented in the form of a remedial proceeding. Indeed, much of equitable jurisdiction consists of better and more effective remedies for attaining the rights of parties. But the statute referred to cannot affect this suit, inasmuch as the statute of limitations would still apply in full force, and would present a perfect bar to the suit.
We can perceive no ground on which the bill in this case can be sustained.
DECREE AFFIRMED.

Mr. Justice SWAYNE specially concurring.

Mi'. Justice CLIFFORD, with whom concurred Mr. Justice DAVIS, dissenting:
I dissent from the opinion and judgment of the court in this case for the following reasons: (1.) Because courts of equity may exercise jurisdiction to set aside and annul a decree of the Probate Court approving and allowing an instrument purporting to be the last will and testament of a deceased person, in a case where it appears that the instrument is a forgery and that the decree approving and allowing the instrument was procured by perjury and fraud, provided it appears that the injured party has not been guilty of laches and that he has no other adequate remedy. (2.) Because all the leading authorities cited to support the opposite rule admit that the jurisdiction does exist in cases where there is no other remedy. (3.) Because the right of the complainants in this cause is not barred by the statute of limitations.

Oct. 1874.]

ATCHISON V. PETERSON.

Syllabus.

But the cavity must be made smaller than the pencil and so constructed as to encompass its sides and be held thereon by the inherent elasticity of the rubber. This adds nothing to the patentable character of the invention. Everybody knew, when the patent was applied for; that if a solid substance was inserted into a cavity in a piece of rubber smaller than itself, the rubber would cling to it. The small opening in the piece of rubber not limited in form or shape, was not patentable, neither was the elasticity'of the rubber. What, therefore, is left for this patentee but the idea that if a pencil is inse'ted into a cavity in a piece of rubber smaller than itself the rubber will attach itself to the pencil, and wil"n so attached become convenient for use as an eraser?
An idea of itself is not patentable, but a new device by which it may be made practically useful is. The idea of this patentee was a good one, but his device to give it effect, though useful, was not new. Consequently he took nothing by his patent.
The decree of the Circuit Court is
AFFIRMED.

ATCHISON V. PETERSON.
1. On the mineral lands of the public domain in the Pacific States and Territories, the doctrines of the common law, declaratory of the rights of riparian proprietors respecting the use of running waters, are inapplicable or applicable only in a very limited extent to the necessities of miners, and inadequatd to their protection; there prior appropriation gives the better right to running waters to the -ext~nt, in quantity and quaility, necessary ?or the uses to which the water is applied.
2. What diminution of quantity, or deterioration in quality, will constitute an invasion of the rights of the first appropriator will depend upon the special circumstances of each case; and in controversies between him and parties subsequently claiming the water, the question- for determination is whetfier his use and enjoyment of the water to the extent of the original appropriation have been impaired by the -acts of the other parties.

ATCHISON V. PETERSON.

[Sup. Or.

Statement of the case.

8. Whether, upon a petition or bill asserting that the prior rights of the
first appropriator have been invaded, a court of equity will interfere to restrain the acts of the party complained of, will depend upon the character anl extent of the injury alleged, whether it be irremediable in its nature, whether an action at law would afford adequate remedy, whether the parties are able to respond for the damages resulting from the'injury, and other considerations which ordinarily govern a court of equity in the exercise of its preventive process of injunction.

APPEAL from the Supreme Court of the Territory of Mon-
tana.
Atchison and others filed a bill in the District Court of the Territory just named, for an injunction to restrain Peterson and others from carrying on certain mining operations on a creek in the county of Clark and Lewis, in the said Territory, known as the Ten-Mile Creek. The bill alleged that the water, diverted by the complainants from the stream for mining purposes, was deteriorated in quality and value. It appeared from the evidence that the complainants were the owners of two ditches or canals, known respectively as the Helena water-ditch and the Yaw-Yaw ditch, by which the creek mentioned was tapped and the water diverted and conveyed'a distance of about eighteen miles to certain mining districts, known as the Last Chance and, Dry Gulches, and there sold to miners. The parties through whom the complainants derived their interests, asserted a claim to the waters of the creek in November, 1864, and during that year commenc.ed the construction of the ditches and continued work~thereon until August, 1866. The work was then suspended, for want of means by the parties to continue'it, until the following year, when it was resumed, and in 1867 the ditches were completed and put into operation. Their cost was $117,000.
Whilst this work was progressing, and in the summer of 1865, there was some mining on the Ten-Mile Creek about fifteen miles above the point where the ditches of the plaintiffs tap the stream, but there was no continued mining at that place until 1867. From that peri6d until the present time the defendants had been working and were still working mining ground situated at that point on the creek. In

Oct. 1874.]

OTCHISON V. -PETERSON.

Statement of the case.

that -work they in some places washed down the earth from the siae of the hills bordering on the stream; in other places they excavated the earth and threw such portions as were supposed to contain gold into sluices upon which the water was tui'ned. The earth from the washing on the hillsides and friom the sluices, designated in the vocabulaiy of miners as "tailings," and the water mixed with it was carried into the creek and affected its whole current, which at that point has a volume of only about two hundred inches, according to the measurement of -miners, filling the water with mud, sand, and sediment, and impairing its value at that point for further mining.
Tie bill alleged that the "tailings" thus thrown into the current werq carried down the stream into the ditches of the complainants, thereby 6bstructing the flow of the water through the ditches, and injuring it in quality and value; and they insisted that as prior appropriators of the waters of the stream, they were entitled to its use without such deterioration; and for the protection of their rights, they asked an injunction to restrain the defendants' fr6m the further commission of the alleged grievances.
The evidence showed that the volume of water in the creek, which at the point where the defendants worked their mining clainis was, as above said,.Qnly about two hundred inches, according to the measurement of miners, was increased at the point where the ditches of the complaihants tapped the creek, by intervening tributary streams of clear watet', to about fifteen hundrdd inches. Of this water the Helena ditch diverted about five hundred inches, and took it about eighteen miles; to the places wher6 it was sold to miners. The water as it .ntered the ditch was in some degree muddied and affected with sand, and the evidence was conflicting as to the influence of the mud and sand upon the value of the water. The great preponderance Of the evidence, however, was tothe efect that the injury in quality from this cause was so slight as not, in any material extent, ioimhpir the value of the water-for mining nor render it less salable to the miners at the places where it was carried. A

ATCHISON V. PETERSON.

ES LP. Ct.

.Opinion of the court.

majority of the witnesses testified that it was first-class water for mining purposes, and some of them that it was good water even for domestic uses.
Persons who had cleaned out the Helena ditch and examined it, testified that there were no tailings or sediment of consequence in it, and that the most that there was ran into the ditch from the hillsides along the ditch and stream. A preponderance of the evidence also showed that no extra labor was required on the ditch on account of the muddy character of the water, or at most only the additional labor of one person for a few minutes each day, and that a sandgate was necessary at the head of the ditch whether or not there was mining above on the stream.
With respect to the water diverted by the Yaw-Yaw ditch, it was shown that its deterioration, so far as the deterioration exceeded that of the water in the Helena ditdh, was caused by sand and sediment brought by a tributary which entered the creek below the head of the Helena ditch.
The mining claims of the defendants were shown to be worth from $15,000 to $20,000 each, and it appeared that the defendants were responsible and capable of answering for any damages the complainants might sustain.
The District Court denied the injunction, and the Supreme Court of the Territory-affirmed its decree. From the latter court an appeal was taken to this court.

Mr. Robert. Leech, for the appellants; Mr. G. G. S mes, contra.

Mr. Justice FIELD delivered the opinion of the court.
By the custom which Bas obtained among miners in the Pacific States and Territories, where mining for the precious metals is had on the public lands of the United States, the first appropriator of mines, whether in placers, veins, or lodes, or of waters in the streams on such lands for mining purposes, is held to have a better right than others to work the mines or use the waters. The first appropriator who subjects the property to use, or takes the necessary steps for

Oct. 1874.]

A]TCHISON V. PETERSON.
Opinion of the court.

that purpose, is regarded, except as against the government, as the soarce of title in all controversies relating to the property. As respectsw the use of water for mining purposes,'the doctrines of the common law declaratory of the rights of riparian owners were, at an early day, after the discovery of gold, found to be inapplicable or applicable only in a very limited extent to the necessities of miners, and inadequate to-their protection. By the common law the riparian owner'on a stream not navigable, takes the land to the centre of the stream, and such owner has the right to the use of the water flowing over the land as an incident to his estate. And as all'such owners on the same stream have an equality of right to the-use of the water, as it naturally flows, in.quality, and without diminution in quantity, except so far as such diminution may be created by a reasonable use of the water forcertain domestic, agricultural, or manufacturing purposes, there could not be, according to that law, any such diversion or use of the water by one owner as would work material detriment to any other owner below him. Nor could the water by one owner be so retarded in its flow as to be thrown back to the inijury of another owner above him. "It is wholly immaterial," . says Mr. Justice Story, in Tyler v. Willbison,* "whether the party be a proprietor above or below in the course of the river; the right being common to all the proprietors on .the river, no one has a right to diminish the quantity which will, according to the .natural current, flow to the proprietor below, or to throw it back upon a proprietor above. This is the necesSsary result of the perfect equality of right among all the ,proprietors of thlat which is common to all." "Every.proprietor of lands on the binks of a river," says Kent, "has naturally an equal right to the use of the waterwhich flows in the stream adjacent to his lands, as it was wont to run (currere solebat) without diminution or alteration. No proprietor has a right to use the water to the prejudice of other proprietors above. or below him, unless he has a prior right

*4 Mason, 879.

512

ATCHISON V. PETERSON.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

to divert it, or a title to some exclusive enjoyment. He has 1no property in the water itself, but a simple usufiuct while it passes along. Aqua eirril el debet eurrere ut currere solebat. Though he may use the watef- while it runs over his land as au incident to the land,,he cannot unreasonably detain it or give it another direction, and he must return, it to its ordinary channel when it leaves his estate. Withbout the consent of the ,idjoinig proprietors he cannot divert or diminish the quantity of the water which would otherwise descend to the proprietors below, nor throw the water back upon, the proprietors above without a grant or an uninterrupted enjoyment of twenty years, which is evidence of it. This is the clear and settled doctrine on the subject, aid all the 'difficulty which arises consists in the application."*
This equality of, right among all the proprietors on the same stream would have been incompatible with any extended diversion of the water by one proprietor, and its conveyance for mining purposes to points from which it could not be i'estored to the stream. But the government being the solb proprietor of all the public lands, whether bordering.on streams or otherwise, ther6 was no occasion for the application of the commot--law doctrine of riparian proprietorship with respect to the waters of those streams. The government, by its silent acquiescence, assented to the general occupation of the public lands for mining, and, to encourage their free and unlimited use for 'that purpose, reserved such lands as were mineral from sale and the acquisition of title by settlement. And he who first connect§ his own labor with property thus situated and open to general exploration, 'does, in natural justice, acquire a better ,right to its use and-enjoyment than others who have not given such ll Sr. So the miners on the public' lands throughout the Pacific, States and Territories by their customs, usages,, and regulations everywhere recognized the inherent justice of this pri'nciple; and the principle itself was at an early ,period recognized by legislation and enforced by the courts

* 8 Kent's Commentaries, 439, side paging.

0e '1874.]

ATCHISON V. PETERSON.

Opinion of the court.

in those-States and Territories. In I'winv. Phillips,* a case decided by the Supreme Court of California in January, 1855, this subject was considered. After stating that a system of rules had been permitted to grow up with respect to mining ou "the public landls 'by the voluntary action and assent of the population, whose free and unrestrained occupation of the mineral-region had been tacitly assented to by the Federal government, and heartily encouraged by the expressed legislative policy of the State, the court said: "If there are, as must be admitted, many things connected with this system which are crude and undigested, and subject to fluctugtion and dispute, there are still some Which a universal sense of necessity and propriety have so firmly fxed as that they have come to be looked upon as having the force and effect of res a..djudicata. Among these the most important are the rights of.miners to be protected in their selebted localities, and the rights of those who, by prio- appropriation, have taken the waters 'from their natu'al bed's, and-by. costly artificial works have. conducted them for miles over m6untains and ravines to supply: he necessities of gold diggers, and without which the most important interests of the mineral iegion would remain -without development. So fully recognized have become these rigbtsithat without any specific legislation conferring or confirming them,- they are alluded to and spoken of in-various acts of .tlelegislature in the same manner as if they were riglits which bad been vested hy the most distinct expression of. the will of the law-makers."
This doctrine of kight-by~prior appropriation, was recognized by the legislation of Congress in 1866. The act granting the right of way to ditch and canal owners over -the public lands, and for other purposes, passed. on the 26th of July of that year, in its ninth section declares "that whenever by priority of possession,.rights td the -use of water
for mining, agricultural, manufacturing, or other purposes, have vested and accrued, and the. same are recognized and

yoL XX.

* 5California, 140, 88

ATCHISON V. PETERSON.[

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

acknowledged by -the local customs, laws, and decisions of courts, the possessors and owners of such vested rights shall be maintained and protected in the same."*
The right to water by prior appropriation, thus recognized and established as the law of miners on the mineral lands of the public domain, is limited in every case, in quantity and quality, by the uses for which lie appropriation is made. A different use of the water subsequently does not affect the right; that'is subject to the same limitations, whatever the use. The appropriation does not confer such an absolute right to the body of the water diverted that the owner can allow it, after its diversion, to run to waste and prevent others from using it for mining or other legitimate purposes; nor does it confer such a right that he can insist upon the flow of the water without deterioration in quality, where such deterioration does not defeat nor impair the uses to which the water is applied.
Such was the purport of the ruling of the Supreme Court of California in Butte Canal and.Ditch Company v. Vaughn,t where it was held that the first appropriator had only the right to insist that the water should be subject to his use and enjoyment to the extent of his original appropriation, and that its quality should not be impaired so as to defeat the purpose of that appropriation. To this extent, said the court, his rights go and no farther; and that in subordination to them subsequent appropriators may use the channel and waters of the stream, and mingle with its waters other waters, and divert them as often as they choose; that whilst enjoying his original rights the first appropriator had no cause of complaint. Il the subsequent case of Ortman v. Dixon,t the same court held to the same purport, that the measure of the right of the first appropriator of the water as to extent follows the nature of the appropriation or the uses for which it is taken.
What dimiuution of quantity, or deterioration in quality,

* 14 Stat at Large, 253.

t 11 .California, 143.

: 13 California, 83; see also t4obdell v. Simpson, 2 Nevada, 274.

Oct. 1874.]

ATCHISON V. PETERSON.

Opinion of the court.

will constitute an invasion of the rights of the first appropriator will depend upon the special circumstances of each case, considered with reference to the uses to which .the water is applied-. A slight deterioration in quality might render the water unfit'for drink or domestic purposes, whilst it would not sensibly imp'air its value for mining or irriga-
tion. In all controversies, therefore. between him and parties subsequently claiming the water, the question fbr determinatiou is necessarily whether his use and enjoyment of the water to the extent of his original appropriation have been. impaired by the acts of the defendant.* But whether, upon a petition or bill asserting that his prior rights have been thus invaded, a court of-equity will interfere to restrain the acts of the party complihned of, will depend upon the chavacter and extent of the injury alleged, whether it be irremediable in its nature, whether an action at law would afford adequate remedy, whether the parties are able to respond for the damages resulting from the injury, and other considerations which ordinarily govern a court of equity in the exercise of its preventive process of "injunction,
If,_now, we apply the principles thus stated to the present case, the question involved will be of easy solution. It appears from the evidence that there is at the point where the defendants work their mining claims only about two hundred inches of water in the creek, according to miners' measurement; that between that point and the point where the Heiena ditch taps the creek the distance is about fiften miles; and that between those points the creek is supplied by .several tributary streams of clear water, so that at the point where the water is diverted its volume amouts to about fifteen hundred inches. Of this water the Helena ditch diverts five hundred inches, and conveys it nearly eighteen miles to the localities where it is sold. Running water has a tendency to clear ifself, and that result is often produced by. a fow of a 'few miles. But in this case the

This is substantially the rule laid down in Hill v. Smith, 27 California, 483; Yale on Mining Claims and Water Rights, 194.

ATCHISON V. PETERSON.

[Sup. Ct.

Opinion of the court.

evidence shows that the water as it enters the Helena ditch is muddied and to some extent is affected by sand. At the same time there is a great preponderance in the evidence to the effect that the deterioration in quality from this circunistance is very slight and does not render the water to any appreciable extent less useful oi salable for mining purposes at the localities to which it is conveyed; and that no additional labor is required on the ditch on account of the niuddied condition of the water. There is also much doubt left by the evidence whether the sand carried into the ditch does not to a very great extent come from the hillsides lying between it and the mining of the defendants, or lying along the course of the ditch. A sand-gate at the head of the ditch is necessary, whether there is or is not mining on the stream above; and the accumulation of sand from all sources, from the hillsides as well as from the mining of the defendants, only requires the additional labor of one person for a few minutes each day. The injury thus sustained, and which is only to a limited extent attributable to the mining of the defendants, if at all, is hardly appreciable in comparison with the damage which would result to the defendants from the indefinite suspension of work ol their valuable mining claims. The defendants are also responsible parties, capable, according to the evidence, of answering for a damages which their mining produces, if any, to the plaintifs. Under these circumstances we think there was no error in the refusal of the court below to interfere by injunction to restrain their operations, and in leaving the plaintiffs to their remedy, if any, by an action at law.
With respect to the water diverted by the Yaw-Yaw ditch, it is shown that its deterioration, so far as the deterioration exceeds that of the water in the Helena ditch, is caused by. sand and sediment brought by a tributary which enters the creek below the head of the Holena ditch.
DECREE AFFIRMED.

