Oct. 1875.] MORSELL ET AL. V. FMRST NAT. BANK.

357

ERIoR to the Supreme Court of the State of New York. .Hr.M.H. Carpenterin support of a motion to advance and dismiss the cause. 31r. George -F. .dmunds, contra.

Mn-. CB= JUsTicE WAITE delivered the opinion of the court.
We cannot dismiss a case on motion simply because we may be of the opinion that it has been brought here for delay only. Both parties have the right to be heard on the merits; a4d one party cannot require the other to come to such a hearing upon a mere motion to dismiss. To dismiss under such circumstances would be to decide that the case had no merits. Neither can we advance a cause for argument for the reason that we may think it has no merits. Further argument may show the contrarY.
We can adjudge damages, under sect. 1010 Rev. Stat. and rule 23, in all cases where it appears that a writ of error has been sued out merely for delay. This gives us the only power we have to prevent frivolous appeals, and writs of error; and we deem it not improper to say that this power will be exercised without hesitation in all cases where we find that our jurisdiction has been invoked merely to gain time.
.lotion denied.

MoRsMMl ET AL. V. Fn ST NATIONAL BAMX.
4. judgment at law is not a lien upon real estate in the District of Columbia, which, before the judgment was rendered, had been conveyed to trustees with a power of sale to secure the payment of the debts of the grantor de. scribed in the deed of trust.
APPEAL from the Supreme Court of the District of Co. lumbia.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court. Jr. . JT Johnson and Mr. B. IC BIliot for the appellants. Mr. Enoch Totten, contra.

MORSELL ET AL. V. FIRST NAT. BANK. [Sup. Ct.
M-R. JUSTICE SWAY-E delivered the opinion of the court. The question presented for our determination in this case is, whether a judgment at law is a lien upon real estate in the city of Washington, which, before the judgment was rendered, had been conveyed to trustees with a power of sale to secure the payment of the debts of the grantor described in the deed of trust. The facts, so far as it is necessary to state them, are few and
simple: On the 4th of November, 1867, the appellant, Morsell, exe-
cuted a deed of trust to Flodoardo Howard to secure the payment of certain promissory notes held by the ceatuis que trust, as set forth in the deed.
On the 21st of October, 1869, Morsell executed a like deed to Frederick W. Jones and William R. Woodward to secure the payment to the Co-operative Building and Deposit Association of the sum of $3,050 and future advances.
On the 24th of January, 1871, the appellee, the First National Bank of Washington, recovered a judgment against Morsell for $800, with interest from the 17th of May, 1869, and costs. Execution was issued upon this judgment, and returned nulla bona.
On the 10th of February, 1871, Means, Skinner, & Co. recovered a judgment against Morsell for $267.68, with interest as specified, and costs. Execution was returned nulla bona also upon this judgment.
On the Ist of March, 1871, Morsell executed to Frederick W. Jones and Joseph R. Edson another deed to secure the payment to the association above mentioned of the sum of $1,060 and future advances.
All these deeds were of the same premises; to wit, lot No. 44, in reservation No. 10, in the city of Washington.
Advances were made to Morsell by the association named from time to time, after the execution of the deed of trust of the 21st of October, 1869, to the amount, in the aggregate, of $2,950. The latest advance was one of $500, made on the 11th of January, 1871. The entire amount claimed to be secured by this deed was, therefore, $6,000.
The amount secured to the association by the deed of the

Oct. 1875.] MonsEL. ET AL. v. FMT NAT. BAix.

859

1st of March, 1871, was $1,500. The latest advance under this deed was made on the 27th of April, 1871. There is no controversy as to these particulars.
On the 22d of September, 1871, the bank, in behalf of itself and such other judgment creditors of Morsell as might choose to come in and be made parties, fied this bill. It was subsequently amended in the prayer. It brought the proper parties before the court, and prayed that the premises described in the deeds might be ordered to be sold, the proceeds be brought into court, and the fund distributed according to the rights of the parties.
Means, Skinner, & Co., by a petition, came in under this bill. The premises were sold pursuant to a decree, and yielded, after deducting costs and charges, the sum of $8,235.22 for distribution. The fund was held subject to the further order of the court. No question was made as to the preference claimed for the amount due to the cestuis que trust under the deed to Howard. But the balance left after discharging that liability was insufficient to pay the amount due to the association, laying the judgments out of view. Hence a controversy arose between the association and the judgment creditors, each party claiming priority of payment out of the fund. The auditor of the court, to whom the case was referred, reported in favor of the association. The other parties excepted. The court in general term held that the association was entitled to priority to the extent of $6,000, the amount secured by the deed of trust of the 21st of October, 1869; and that the judgments were to be next in the order of payment, both being prior in date to the last deed of trust. This left nothing applicable to the debt secured by the latter. The association thereupon removed the case by appeal to this court.
The "Act concerning the District of Columbia," of the 27th ,f February, 1801, 2 Stat. 103, declared, "That the laws of the State of Maryland, as they now exist, shall be and continue in force in that part of said District which was ceded by that State to the United States and by them accepted as aforesaid."
A part of the laws so adopted was the common law. Van Ness v. Hyatt, 13 Pet. 298. It was well settled in the English

MORSELL ET AL. v. FRST NAT. BANK. [Sup. Ct
jurisprudence, that, according to the common law, no equitable interest in property of any kind was liable to execution. Scott v. Schooley, 8 East, 467; letealf v. Sehooley, 5 Bos. & Pul. 461; ELyster v. Dolland, 1 Ves. Jr. 431.
Judgments by the common law were not liens upon real estate. The lien arose from the power to issue a writ of elegit. That power was given by the statute of Westminster. C. 18, 13 Ed. I. The right to extend the land fixed the lien upon it. lIassingalv. Downs, 7 How. 765; Shrew v. Jones, 2 McLean, 80; United States v. Morrison, 4 Pet. 136; United States v. Wooster, 2 Brock. 252; Ridge v. Prather,1 Blackf. 401.
If the judgment debtor died after the elegit was executed upon his lands, and before the judgment was satisfied, a court of equity, upon being applied to, would decree a sale of the land upon which it had been executed, and payment of the judgment out of the proceeds. Stillman v. Ashdown, 1 Atk. 607; Tyndal v. Warie, 3 Jac. 212. The same principle was adopted by Lord Redesdale into the equity jurisprudence of Ireland. O' Gor2nan v. Comyn, 2 Sch. & Lef. 130; O'Pallon v. Dillon, id. 18.
The reason why lands were not liable to be taken in execution at common law is thus stated by Bacon (2 Bac. Ab. Execution, A) : "The lands were not liable because they were obliged to answer the duties of the feudal lord, and a new tenant could not be forced upon him without his consent in the alienation; and the person was not liable because he was obliged by the tenure to serve the king in the wars, and at home the several lords, according to the distinct nature of the tenure."
The premises in question are situated in that part of the District of Columbia ceded by Maryland to the United States. Our attention has been called to no statute passed by Maryland before the cession, or by Congress since, which affects the question before us. We assume that there is none. That question has been definitively settled by this court. In Van lVess v. Hyatt, supra, it was held, after a very elaborate examination of the subject, that, according to the laws of 'Maryland at the time of the cession, the equity of redemption of a mortgagor could not be sold under execution upon a judgment against him.

Oct. 1875.] MO.s-ELL ET AL. V. FiRST NAT. BANK.

861

In The Bank of the Metropolisv. Guttschick, 14 Pet. 19, where the controversy involved a deed of trust of a lot in the city of Washington, it was said, "The only right of the grantor in the deed is the right to whatever surplus may remain, after the sale, of the money for which the property sold." It is clear that there could be no lien of a judgment upon such a chose in action, as well as that it could not be sold upon execution. The case of Smith's Lessee v. JfcCann, 24 How. 398, is an inBtructive one upon the subject we are considering. It was a case from Maryland; and the opinion of the court was delivered by Chief Justice Taney, who was, of course, well versed in 'daryland law. There a sale had been made under a judgment and
execution against a party to whom the premises had been conveyed in trust for the benefit of his wife and children. The action was ejectment by the purchaser. It was held that the statute of 5 Geo. 11. which was in force in Mfaryland at the time of the cession, and which made "houses, land, negroes, and other hereditaments and real estate," liable to execution "in like manner as personal estate," &c., "did not interfere with the established distinction between law and equity, and that an equitable interest could not be seized under a ft. fa. until the law of Maryland was in this respect altered by the act of the assembly of the State in 1810."
This act expressly authorized the sale of equitable interests in real estate under execution. This enactment carried with it an implication, equivalent, under the circumstances, to an express declaration, that it could not be done before. Such, in the case last referred to, is stated to have been the law of Mayland up to that time. No such act has been passed by Congress. The law in the Maryland part of the ceded territory has remained as it was at the time of the cession. Other authorities to the same effect with those we have considered
might be cited from the adjudications of Maryland and othar States; but it is unnecessary to pursue the subject further.
The judgments in no wise affected the trust premises until the bill was filed. That created a lien in favor of the judgment creditors. There was none before. This was posterior to the execution of both the deeds of trust in favor of the association, and to all the advances made under them.

ARTHUR V. CUIIING ET AL.

[Sup. Ct.

The court below was clearly in error in sustaining the ex ception to the auditor's report, and in giving priority of payment to the judgments over the amount secured by the last deed of trust.
TIe decree is, therefore, reversed; and the cause will be remanded with directions to overrule the exception to the auditor's report, and to enter a decree in conformity with this opinion.

ARTHUR v. CU3DIXaG ET AL.
1. The term "burlaps," used in the revenue statutes, does not in commercial usage, by which descriptive terms applied to articles of commerce must be construed, mean "oil-cloth foundations," or "floor-cloth canvas."
2. "Oil-cloth foundations" and "floor-cloth canvas" are in commerce convertible terms for designating the same article; and it is clear that Congress intended that they should be so understood.
3. While the act of June 6, 1872 (17 Stat. 232), provides that an import duty of thirty per cent ad valorem shall be levied "on all burlaps and like manufactures of flax, jute, or hemp, or of which flax, jute, or hemp shall be the component material of chief value, except such as may be suitable for bagging for cotton," the fact that such burlaps are suitable, and can be and are used for oil-cloth foundations, or for any other purpose except bagging for cotton, is entirely immaterial, and does not subject them to an ad valorem duty of forty per cent.
ERROR to the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York.
Mr. Assistant Attorney- General -Edwin B. Smith for the plaintiff in error.
Mr. George S. Sedgwick and ITfr. Stephen G. Clarke, contra.
MR. JUSTICE SwAm-E delivered the opinion of the court. The defendants in error were the plaintiffs in the court below. 'They claim that they were the importers of certain burlaps, upon which the duty chargeable by law was thirty per cent ad valorem; that the collector insisted the goods were "oilcloth foundations," upon which the duty is forty per cent ad valorem, and compelled them to pay accordingly. They paid under protest, and brought this suit to recover back the alleged excess of ten per cent. Under the instructions of the court, a

Oct. 1875.] ROCKHOLD v. ROCKHOLD ET AL.
the duty, of the officers and agents of the plaintiff to protect by their arrangements, as far as possible, the stockholders whose interests they represented. This was necessarily left to their judgment and discretion. No question of good faith is involved. The transaction for all the purposes of this suit must be taken to have been, in fact, what it purports to be,- a fair and honest compromise of an outstanding claim, with a view to ultimate protection against an impending loss. As such, we think it was within the corporate powers of the bank, and that the Court of Appeals did not err in so holding.
Judgment affirmed.

ROOKHOLD V. RoCXHO LD ET AL.
this court has not jurisdiction to re-examine the decree of a State court affirming the non-liability of a trustee to his cestui que trust for the loss of a fund not occasioned by his laches or bad faith, but by his payment of the same into the hands of the receiver of the Confederate States in obedience to a military order which he could not resist.
MOTION to dismiss a writ of error to the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee.
T r. William W. Boyce for the defendants in error, in support of the motion.
1Ir. Henry Cooper, contra.

MR. CHIEF JUSTICE WAITE delivered the opinion of the

court.

The object of this suit was to bring the executors of the will

of Thomas Rockhold, deceased, to an account with the plaintiff,

Charles Rockhold, one of the legatees. The defendant, Wil-

liam D. Blevins, one of the executors, answering the bill, said,

in substance, that, contrary to his wishes, he was forced by a

military power that he could not control to receive the sum of

$5,004.74 from one of the debtors of the estate, in Confederate

money, and pay it over to the receiver of the Confederate

States. When this was done, the country was under complete

military rule; and he acted, contrary to his wishes, under Con-

federate authority, which he was compelled to obey. This, he

VOL. 11.

9

PHILLIPS V. PAYNE.

[Sul). Ot.

claimed, excused him from accountability to the plaintiff for this amount; and. the Supreme Court of the State has so decided.
To reverse this decision the present writ of error has been brought.
We cannot distinguish this case from Beth~el v. Demaret, 10 Wall. 537; .Delmas v. Insurance Company, 14 id. 661; and Tarver v. Keach, 15 id. 67. The State court has only decided, that, upon principles of general law, a trustee cannot be held responsible to his cestui que trust for the loss of a trust-fund, if the loss has not been occasioned by his own laches or bad faith; and that the delivery of the trust-fund in this case by the defendant into the hands of the Confederate authorities, under an order which he dared not disobey, excused him from liability to. the plaintiff. This is not a Federal question.
WMit of error dismissed.

PHMLIFs v. PAYNE.
Since 1847, pursuant to the act of Congress of the preceding year, the State of Virginia has been in de facto possession of the county of Alexandria, which, prior thereto, formed a part of the District of Columbia. The political department of her government has, since that date, uniformly asserted, and the head of her judicial department expressly affirmed, her title thereto. Congress has, by more than one act, recognized the transfer as a settled fact. A resident of that county, in a suit to recover the amount by him paid under protest for taxes upon his property there situate, is, therefore, estopped from raising the question as to the validity of the retrocession.
ERRo to the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. Mr. W. 'Willoughby and 1Vr. IS. Shellabargerfor the plaintiff in error. Hr..B. T. Daniel, contra.
MR. JUSTICE SwArNs delivered the opinion of the court. This suit was brought to determine the validity of the retrocession by Congress to the State of Virginia of that part of the District of Columbia, as originally constituted, which was ceded by Virginia to the United States. The plaintiff in error was the plaintiff in the court below. The case upon which'he relies is thus set forth in his declaration: -

]KITTREDGE V. RACE ET AL.

PSup. Ct

Congress has provided to the effect that where the defendant cannot be served with process, by reason of resistance to the execution of the laws or the interruption of the ordinary course of judicial proceedings, the time during which the defendant shall be beyond the reach of legal process shall not be deemed or taken as any part of the time limited by law for the commencement of such action. 18 Stat. 123.
Cases falling within that provision, whether in the State or Federal courts, are governed by it: but the difficulty which the plaintiff has to encounter is, that the district where the cause of action, if any, arose, was within the control of the United States throughout the whole period; nor does the record contain any evidence whatever to show either that the defendant was at any time beyond the reach of process, or that the insurgents were in a condition to occasion any interruption of the ordinary course of judicial proceedings in that district. Stewart v. Kahn, 11 Wall. 506.
Viewed in the light of these suggestions, it is quite clear that it was competent for the Supreme Court of the State to construe and apply the Statute of Limitations enacted by the State legislature, and that their decision in that regard is not subject to re-examination here under a writ of error to a State court.
Judgment affirmed.

KITTREDGE v. RACE ET AL.
1. Under the Code of Practice in Louisiana, a suit may be brought and distinct judgments rendered against a defendant, as administratrix of her deceased husband, as widow in community, and as tutrix of his minor heirs.
2. There was no error in this case in rendering judgment against the minor heirs, declaring that each is liable for his or her proportional share of the father's half of the estate, with benefit of inventory. The legal effect is the same as if the judgment had been against the defendant as tutrix; nor was there error in rendering judgment for all the costs against her and the minor heirs in solido.
8. As an objection to the institution of the suit against the defendant in three distinct capacities, even if it would have been valid, was not taken in the court below at any stage in the case, it cannot be taken here.
4. The exception, that a suit in equity was pending in which the plaintiffs asked for a decree for the same money, was no ground for abatement of this action at law, as the result of the action may be necessary for the perfecting of a decree in that suit.
B. An exception is waived by going to trial on the merits.

Oct. 18-15o.]

KITTREDGE v. RACE ET AL.

E'RROR to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana.
.3Ir.T. J. -Durantand Mr. C. T Hornorfor the plaintiff in errol.
i.r. B. T. Ilerric, contra.

AIR. JUSTICE BRADtLEY delivered the opinion of the court. This suit was brought in the court below by Mrs. Olivia C. Race and her husband against Mrs. Ann E. Kittredge, widow of Dr. E. E. Kittredge, administratrix of his succession, and tutrix of his minor children, to recover the balance due on two promissory notes given by Dr. Kittredge to the plaintiff, Olivia C. Race, before his death. The notes were, originally for nearly 88,000 each, and were given to Mrs. Race, who was a daughter of Dr. Kittredge by a former wife, in settlement of her share of her mothers estate. The defendant was his second wife, by whom he also had several children. The notes were given in 1862; and several payments of interest had been made, and $2,500 of the principal was paid on each note in February, 1868, as appears by indorsements thereon. This payment and two of the payments of interest were made by the defendant herself after her husband's death. The petition alleges that Dr. Kittredge's succession was opened in the Probate Court for the Parish of Assumption, in Louisiana, with the defendant, the widow in community, and tutrix of the minor children, as administratrix, and that she has frequently acknowledged the correctness of the notes and the liability of the succession to pay them; that she placed the payments made by her as aforesaid on the first provisional account filed by her on the 9th of July, 1869, in said succession, which account was homologated; and that in a compromise between the defendant as widow in community, tutrix, and all the heirs (except the petitioner), made in and by a document which was duly passed by public act before a notary, it was stipulated as follows: viz., "That the following debts due by the succession of said Dr. E. E. Kittredge shall be assumed and placed at the charge of the parties of the second part; and the said parties of the second part warrant and guarantee said parties of the' first part against all liabilities from the same; viz., 'a debt of

KITTREDGE V. RACE ET AL.

[Sup. Oo

about $11,000, due Olivia Corinne Race, balance due her from her mother's succession.'"
The petition was filed Aug. 16, 1872. The defendant, as administratrix and tutrix, filed an exception and an answer. The former sets up the prescription of five years, and the pendency of a suit in equity in the same court, instituted by the petitioner against the defendant and the other heirs of Dr. Kittredge, in which she prays a decree for the same identical demand. The answer is a general denia . to the petition, accompanied by an answer to interrogatories admitting that Dr. Kittredge, shortly before his death, told defendant that he owed the petitioner, his daughter, $15,000. As widow in community and individually, the defendant filed a second exception, alleging, -First,That the petition does not disclose any right of action against her in those capacities. Secondly, That, if any is disclosed, it is prescribed by the lapse of five years. Thirdly, That the petitioner has a suit in equity pending in the same court against the defendant and the other heirs of Dr. Kittredge, in which she prays a decree for the same identical money claimed in this suit. A jury being waived, the cause was tried by the court, which found generally in favor of the petitioner, and awarded her a judgment against the defendant as administratrix for the amount of the notes and interest, with all costs of suit, to be paid out of the assets of the succession; and adjudged her to be bound in her individual capacity, and as widow in community, for 9ne half of said debt and interest; and also gave judgment against each of the minors, -with benefit of inventory of their virile shares of said debt, for one-eleventh of the remaining half, and against all the defendants in solido for all costs. In view of the general finding against petitioner, the allegations of the petition must be regarded as true, and all the issues of fact as found in her favor; and there is no bill of exceptions to call the result of the trial in question. The only errors that can avail the plaintiff in error here are those which are apparent on the face of the record, if any such there be. The alleged errors to which our attention has been specially called will be now considered.

Oct. 1875.]

KITTREDGE V. RACE ET AL.

It is contended that the institution of the suit against the defendant in three distinct capacities, as administratrix, as widow in community, and as tutrix of the minor heirs, was error. Supposing her to be bound and liable in these several capacities, the error, if one has been committed, is one of form rather than of substance. In common-law actions, it is not unusual to render two distinct judgments against an executor,
one directing money to be levied of the goods of the deceased in his hands to be administered, and the other (if he has made himself personally liable, and there are not sufficient goods of the testator) directing the same money to be levied of his own proper goods. This is always the case with regard to the costs of the suit. In Louisiana, where the course of procedure is more flexible and more closely adapted to the nature of the case, it is not an unusual thing to render distinct judgments against the same person in several capacities. It is, really, a question of joinder of parties; and the objection should have been taken in limine. But it was not taken at all in the court below; and it is too late to take it here for the first time, even if it would have been valid in the court below at any stage in the cause. In the case of Salol v. Cihaixnaidre,14 La. Ann. 574, a judgment on a mortgage of the decedent against the widow in community as to one half, and against her, as tutrix for her minor children, as to the other half, -the judgment was reversed, and the cause remanded in order that the petition might be amended by making the widow a party as administratrix of the succession; the succession being the principal debtor, and liable for the whole amount. This case, if we understand it correctly, shows that the form of action adopted in this case is perfectly correct in Louisiana.
But it is alleged to be error in the judgment in finding the defendant liable in the several capacities specified. The plaintiff in error has failed, however, to sustain this allegation. That the succession is liable for the whole debt there cannot be a doubt. That the widow in community is liable for one-half the amount is equally clear. Art. 2378 of the Code says, "In the partition of the effects of the partnership or community of gains, both husband and wife are to be equally liable for their share of the debts contracted during the marriage." Of course,

KITTREDGE V. RACE ET AL.

[Sup. Ct.

she might have renounced the benefit of community; but she did not do so. That the heirs are liable for their proportional share of the deceased father's part, so fax as they have assets, is also clear from art. 1376 (or 1427 of the Revised Code), taken in connection with arts. 1025 and following. No attempt has been made to show that these provisions of the Code are not applicable to the case.
As to the alleged error that a judgment was given against the minor heirs, although they were not parties to the suit, it is sufficient to quote the hundred and fifteenth article of the Code of Practice, which says that "actions against interdicted persons or minors must be brought directly against the tutor of the minor or the curator of the interdicted person." The suit was instituted against the defendant as tutrix of the minor heirs; and the judgment expresses the legal effect of a judgment against her in that capacity. It declares that those heirs (naming them) are liable each for his or her proportional share of the father's half of the estate, with benefit of inventory. The judgment seems to be in exact accordance with the law and justice of the case. It might have been against the defendant as tutrix; but the legal effect would have been the same. See .abauve v. Goodbee, 25 La. Ann. 483.
The allegation, that it is for too large an amount, is equally untenable. It awards interest on the amount due upon the notes at the rate of eight per cent per annum; and this is the rate provided for in the notes themselves. But the defendant alleges, that, after the maturity of the notes, the debt can draw interest only at the rate prescribed by law, which is five per cent. Conventional interest is allowed in Louisiana to the amount of eight per cent, and an article of the Code declares that conventional interest is due without any demand from the time stipulated for its commencement until the principal is paid (Civil Code, art. 1931); and the Supreme Court of Louisiana has decided that this law operates after the maturity of the principal. Barbarinv. Daniels, 7 La. 482.
The other assignments of error require but a passing notice. One is, that judgment is rendered for all the costs against the defendant and the minor heirs in solido. If judgment may be entered against the minor heirs at all in the case, there is no

Oct. 1875.]

KITTREDGE V. IRACE ET AL.

error in this part of it. In actions at law, it is a general rule, that the losing parties, or the parties against whom judgment is rendered, are to pay the costs; and no apportionment of the costs is made between them. Each is liable for all, whatever may be their respective interests in the subject-matter of the suit. In equity it is different. There the court has a discretion as to the costs, and may impose them all upon one party, or may divide them in such manner as it sees fit. We perceive no error in this particular in the judgment.
Another error alleged is, that the court took no notice of the exceptions put in by the defendants. The defendants waived the exceptions by going to trial on the merits. Long v. Long, S Rob. 108; Reynolds v. Rowley, id. 202; Phoebe v. Vienne, 11 La. Ann. 688; Forc v. Scott, 23 id. 54. But, if this were not so, it is to be presumed that the exceptions resting upon allegations of fact, such as that of prescription, were found to be against the defendants on the evidence. The exception, that a suit in equity was pending in which the plaintiffs asked for a decree for the same money, was no ground for abatement of this suit. This was an action at law, and the result of it may be necessary for the perfecting of a decree in thd equity suit. Nothing else appears to be presented by the exceptions but what must have been taken into consideration in rendering the judgment.
The objection that the succession of Dr. Kittredge must be settled in due course of administration in the proper probate or parish court in Louisiana, and that such court has exclusive jurisdiction of the case, is answered by the case referred to by the counsel of plaintiffs in error; namely, Yonley v. Lavender, 21 Wall. 276. That decision is, that a judgment maybe rendered for the amount due in order to have it judicially ascertained, even though it may be that the judgment can only be collected through the local court in due course of administration.
Judgment affirmed.

Oct. 1875.1

CAREY ET AL. v. BROWN.

one who held title by conveyance from the Confederate States,

and under that title had obtained possession. Neither would

they interfere in behalf of a7 purchaser from the Confederate

States to enforce possession under his sale. But when his pos-

session has been lost by reason of his sale, no matter how, the

courts will afford him no relief against the loss. Having by

his acts entered the lists against his rightful government, he

cannot, if he loses, ask it for protection against what he has

voluntarily done. In this case he seeks to enforce a right

growing out of his contract of sale, which was tainted with the

vice of the rebellion. It was a contract which could not have

been enforced against hian, and he is equally powerless under

its provisions against others. He seeks in effect, by this action,

to recover, in the courts of the United States, the purchase-

money due from the Confederate States, upon the principle that

a sale upon credit implies a guaranty of the solvency of the

purchaser until the payment is made. We have already seen

that such is not his position here; but if it were, having lost

his possession, he has no standing in court for relief. He is not

the owner of the property, and his lien is not one the courts of

the United States will enforce.

Judgment affirmed.

CAREY ET AL. v. BROWN.
1. Where a suit, brought by a trustee to recover trust-property, or to reduce it to possession, in no wise affects his relations with his cestuis que trust,it is unnecessary to make them parties.
2. Where the want of parties does not appear on the face of the bill, the objection must be set up by plea or answer, and cannot be made for the first time in this court.
8.A person cannot avail himself of a lien, the discharge of which has been fraudulently prevented by his own acts.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana.
J1Ir. Conway Robinson for the appellants. 31r. Tiomas J. Durant for the appellee.

OAREY ET AL. v. BROWN.

[Sup. Ct.

MR. JUSTIUm SwAY= delivered the opinion of the court. The appellants were defendants in the court below. Tucker and Hoskins, the other defendantg, declined to appeal The case was ably argued here by the counsel upon both sides. It is insisted that the bill is fatally defective for want of parties. It alleges that the complainant was the owner and holder of the ten promissory notes which lie at the foundation of the case. In his testimony, he says he held the legal title to them, and that they were delivered to him by their respective ownors, with power to settle and dispose of them at his discretion, and with no condition imposed but the implied one that he should account for the proceeds to those from whom he received them. The transfer created a trust. Those who transferred them were the cestuis que trust, and Brown was the trustee. The general rule is, that in suits respecting trust-property, brought either by or against the trustees, the cestuis que trust
as well as the trustees are necessary parties. Story's Eq. P1., sect. 207. To this rule there are several exceptions. One of them is, that where the suit is brought by the trustee to recover the trust-property or to reduce it to possession, and in no wise affects his relation with his cestuis que trust, it is unnecessary to make the latter parties. Horsly v. Fawcett, 11 Beav. 569, was a case of this kind. The objection taken here was taken there. The Master of the Rolls said, "If the object of the bill were to recover the fund with a view to its administration by the court, the parties interested-must be represented. But it merely seeks to recover the trust-moneys, so as to enable the trustee hereafter to distribute them agreeably to the trusts declared. It is, therefore, unnecessary to bring before the court the parties beneficially interested." Such is now the settled rule of equity pleading and practice. Adams v. Bradley et al., 6 IMich. 346; Ashton v. The Atlantic Bank, 3 Allen, 217; Bod n v. Partridge et al., 2 Gray, 191; Swift and Others v. Stebbins, 4 Stew. & P. 447 ; The Association, J'c. v. Beekman, Adm'r, et al., 21 Barb. 555; Alexander v. Cana, I De G. & Sm. Ch. 415; Potts v. The Thames Haven and Dock Co., 7 Eng. Law & Eq. 262; Story v. Livingston's L'x'r, 13 Pet. 859. Where the want of parties appears on the face of the bill, the objection

Oct. 1875.]

CAREY ET AL. v. BROWN.

may be taken by demurrer. Where it does not so appear, it must be made by plea or answer. Here the defect, if there was one, did not appear in the bill, and no plea or answer setting it up was filed in the Circuit Court. It was first made here. A formal objection of this kind cannot avail the party making it, when made for the first time in this court. Story v. Livingston's Ex'r, supra.
It is said that Hoskins prescribed a condition precedent; and that Brown, not having complied with it, never acquired any right or title to the property in controversy. We had occasion to consider this head of the law in -Javisv. Gray,16 Wall. 230.
Hoskins executed a deed to Brown, and forwarded it to Parkerson, to be held by him until all the notes of Hoskins given for the purchase-money, still outstanding, were cancelled and delivered to Parkerson. Parkerson was the recorder of the parish where the land was situated. Brown then held ten of the notes. He and Hoskins believed they were all. Upon being advised by Tucker of the deposit of the deed, Brown wrote to have a copy of it forwarded to him for examination, and inquired, as he had done several times before, whether Hoskins had in any way incumbered the property. Parkerson thereupon sent him a copy of the deed, with a certificate, signed himself as recorder, setting forth, that, upon examining the records in his office, he found that "said Hoskins has not subjected said property to any mortgage except as forfeited taxes to the State."
There was an eleventh note, upon which, several years before, a judgment had been rendered in favor of Mrs. Knight. The judgment had been so inscribed in the office of Parkerson, that, under the law of Louisiana, it became a mortgage upon the premises. The certificate was false, and Parkerson knew it. It camnt be doubted that Tucker knew these facts alsti. The inscription was, as it had been, concealed from Brown, This was the beginning of the web of fraud woven by the ,onfederates. Brown, being satisfied with the deed, transmitted the ten notes to Parkerson, with directions to cancel them, to record the deed, and to send it to him by mail. Instead of
doing as directed, Parkerson handed over the letter and notes to Tucker, withheld the deed from record, and retained posses-

CAREY ET AL. v BROWN.

[Sup. Ct.

sion of it. Subsequently, Davis, the law partner of Tucker, visited Hoskins in Texas, where he lived, delivered up his deed to Brown, and procured from him a quitclaim-deed for the same property to Parkerson and himself for the consideration of $250. Later, they gave Hoskins, voluntarily, a guaranty against his liability upon all the outstanding notes. They conveyed the premises to Carey, a brother-in-law of Parkerson. Carey claims to have been a bona fide purchaser, without any notice of the rights of Brown. In order to strengthen his title, he took measures to have the premises sold under the judgment in favor of Mrs. Knight. Upon learning the existence of the judgment, Brown offered twice to furnish to Carey the means to discharge it. The money was refused. The property was sold under the judgment, and bought in by Carey. lie paid the judgment and the costs. The balance of his bid, upon which the property was struck off to him by the sheriff, remained in his hands unpaid, and unaccounted for to any one. Public notice was given at the sale of the claim of Brown. Thereafter Carey claimed to hold under the sale, as well as under the deed from Parkerson and Davis.
It is not denied that Parkerson and Davis had full knowledge of all the facts touching the conveyance by Hoskins to Brown when they received the deed from Hoskins to them; and the evidence, both direct and circumstantial, is plenary to show that Carey, before Davis and Parkerson conveyed to him, was equally well advised. It is impossible to resist the conviction that there was a deliberate scheme; that all the appellants and Tucker were parties to it, and that every act of each of the Confederates touching the property, after the deposit of the deed to Brown with Parkerson, was done to give effect to the pur-
pose of the conspiracy. In the presence of these facts, the doctrine of conditions pre-
ced nt can have no application. Sterner principles intervene, and become factors in the determination of the case.
The court decreed that the deed of Hoskins to Brown was, as against the subsequent deed of Hoskins to Parkerson and Davis, a valid subsisting title; that the deed of Parkerson and Davis to Carey was void, and of no effect; that the ten notes should be delivered up by Tucker, and cancelled; that Brown

Oct. 1875.]

CAREY ET AL. v. BROWN.

should pay to Carey the amount Carey had paid in satisfaction

of the judgment; that, upon such payment being made, Carey

should convey the property to Brown as trustee for those whom

Brown represented in the litigation; and that the decree should

be without prejudice to Brown's claims for mesne profits, and

to Tucker's claim against Brown for professional services.

It is said the decree is erroneous because it did not ascertain

the amount proper to be allowed to Tucker, and order its pay-

ment.

It was not proper to deal with that subject in this suit.

Tucker had no lien either upon the notes or the land. Not

having appealed from the decree below, he cannot object to it

here.

It is said, also, that the decree is erroneous as to the effect of

the deed from Hoskins to Brown. Upon the delivery of the

ten notes to Parkerson, the deed became effectual. He should

have cancelled the notes, and put the deed on record.

The lien of the judgment was ample for the security and in-

demnity of Hoskins. Brown would have taken the title sub-

ject to the incumbrance. The light thrown backward by the

subsequent events shows that he would have been ready and

willing to satisfy the judgment whenever its existence was

made known to him.

He was prevented from discharging the lien by the fraud of

those who now seek to avail themselves of it. This they can-

not be permitted to do.

It is insisted that the decree does injustice to Carey. It gave

him all he was entitled to. He acquired whatever title he had

ex mnalefieo, and held it as a trustee in invitum for Brown and

his ce8tuis que trust. Mongar v. Shirley, not yet reported.

A case of clearer equity on one side, and of iniquity on the

other, is rarely presented for the consideration of a court of

justice.

Decree affirmed.

