Oct. 1876.] SMITH, EXECUTOR, V. CHAPMAN, EXECUTOR.

41

this bill was to enforce the assignment, and nothing else, the

- amount received from other sources had no other effect on the

rights of. creditors than to diminish the amount of their debts

on which the dividend was to be estimated.

A circumstance quite as strong against the appellant is, that,

though he had, as plaintiff, the control of the management of this

suit, he took no steps to have the unpaid stock collected, had no

order made for its payment by the shareholders, nor any direc-

tions to the receiver to enforce its payment. No other creditor

took any step in that direction. Neither the receiver, the other

creditors, nor the appellant, have in any manner, up to the argu-

ment in this court, looked to that source as part of the fmnd to

be distributed under this assignment.

Under all these circumstances, we hold, that, if any right to

collect this unpaid stock passed to the assignee, of which there

is great doubt, the parties to-this suit have waived and aban-

doned that right, and the appellant cannot now set it up to

reverse this decree.

-Decree affirmed.

SMIITH, EXECUTOR, v. CHAPMfAN, EXECUTOR.
In an action against an executor upon a contract of his testator, where a devastavit is not alleged and proved, a judgment de bonis propriis is erroneous.
ERROR, to the Circuit Court of the United States for the -District of Minnesota.
The case was argued by Mr. WF. P. Clough for the plaintiff inerror, and by Mr. Thomas J. -Durantfor the defendant in
error.
MR.JUSTICE CLIFFORD 'delivered the opinion of the court. Judgmentwas recovered in the Supreme Court of the State of New York by George W. Chapman, executor of Eunice Chapman, deceased, against John Gordon. then in-full life, since deceased, in me sum of $4,759.80; and it appearing that the judgment was unsatisfied and in full force, and that the judgment debtor had deceased, the judgment creditor brought an action of debt on

42

SMITH, EXECUTOR, V. CHAPIMAN, EXECUTOR. [Sup. Ct.

that judgment against the executors of the deceased judgment debtor, in which he demanded judgment for the amount recovered against the testator, with lawful interest. Due service was made on the first-named defendant; and he appeared and filed an answer setting up the following defence: That most of the property, rights, and credits of the testator, at the time of his death, 'were then situated in San Francisco, in the State of California; that the last will and testament of the deceased was duly proved, approved, and recorded in the probate court for the county where the testator died; that letters testamentary, in due form of law, were issued and delivered to P. B. Clark, one of the persons named in his will as executor, and that he, as sole executor of the estate of the decedent, fully administered the same; and.that the defendant, at the time of the commencement of the action, had not, nor has he since had, any property, rights, or credits of the deceased in-his hands to be administered.
Replications not being allowed by the law; of the State, the parties, having waived a jury, went to #ial before the court without any' further pleadings, 'and the verdict and judgment were f r the plaintiff.. Rev. Stat., MIinn. 1866, p.. 459.
Exceptions were filed by the defendant to the rulings of the court-in the progress of the trial;' but the court 'here. does not find it necessary to determiine the questions raised by the exceptions, as it is clear that the form of the judgmen~t is erroneous, and that the judgment must be reversed for that reason. Enough has already been remarked to show that the action was debt on judgment recovered against thie deceased testator of the defendat, and that nothing is alleged in the declaration to show that the defendant has become personally liable for the judgment debt.
Viewed in the light of those suggestions, it is clear that the judgment should have been de lonis testatoris,instead of de bonis propriis,as sho'vn in the record. Unless an administrator or executor in such a case pleads a false plea, he is not liable to a judgment beyond the assets in his hands to be administered; and it is well settled *that a plea,of plene administravitis not necessarily a false plea, and that the judgmei in such a case, even if the plea is not sustained, should be a -judgment de bonis testatoris. Siglar v. Hfaywood, 8 Wheat. 675.

Oct. 1876.] SMITH, EXECUTOR, V. CHAPMAN, EXECUTOR.

43

Instead of that, the judgment in this case was as follows: "I1t

is considered by the court, and adjudged, that the plaintiff d6

have, and recover of and from the defendant, impleadeci as afore-

said, the sum of $7,648.33," with interest and costs.

Beyond doubt, the suit in this case was against the defendant,

as the executor of the last will and testament of John Gordon,

deceased; and it is equally clear, that the declaration does not con-

tain any allegation that the defendant had been guilty of any waste

of the assets in his hands, or of any mismanagement in the per-

formance of his duties as executor of the last will and testament

of the deceased.

When the suit is against the defendant as executor, and no

devastavit is alleged, it is clear that a judgment de bonis propriis

is unwarranted, even .iift appear that the defendant has received

assets, unless it appears that no assets can be foumd. Boyce's

Ex'rs v. Grundy, 9 Pet. 275. -

- Plene administravitis doubtless a good plea, and, if sustained

by sufficient evidence, it is a good defence; but the rule is,that

the jury, under such a plea, if no devastavit is averred, must find

the amount of the assets, if any, before any judgment can be

rendered. Fairfax'sEx'r v. Fairfax,5 Cranch, 19.

Even if it appear that an executor has received assets, still the

judgment or decree should be against him, in his representative

character, to be levied out of the assets in his hands, when no

devastavit is averred and proved, unless it appear that no such

assets can be found; in which event, the rule is, that the judgment

may, if so ordered, be levied out of his own proper goods.

Apply these rules to the case before the court, and it is clear

that the judgment is erroneous.

Judgment reversed.

O'HARA ET AL. V. MACCONNELL ET AL. [Sup. Ct.

On the whole, we are of the opinion that the court below

did not mistake the legal effect of the uncontradicted testimony

in the case, and that there was no error in instructing the jury

to find for the.plaintiffs.

Judgment affirmed.

O'HA±R ET AL. v. MACCON ELL ET AL., ASSIGNEES.
1.A decree in chancery will be reversed if rendered against a woman who is shown by the bill to be both a minor and feme covert, where no appearance by or for hdr has been entered, and nt guardian ad litenz appointed.
2. It is error to render a final decree for want of appearance at the first term after service of subpoena (Equity Rules, 18, 19), unless another rule-day has intervened.
8. Where the -object is to divest a feme covert or minor 'of an interest in real estate, the title of which is in a trustee for her use, the trust being an active one, it is error to decree against her without making the trustee a party to the suit.
4. The making of the conveyance, as ordered by the decree, does not deprive the defendant of the right of appeal.
b. Neither a subsequent petition in the nature of a bill of review, nor any thing set up in the answer to such petition. on whiclhno action was had by the court, c n prevent a party from appealing from the original decree.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Pennsylvania.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court. Submitted on printed arguments by Mr. J. T. Kirk"-for the appellants. No counsel appeared for the appellees.
MR. JUsTIcE MILLER delivered the opinion of the court. Michael O'Hara was adjudged a bankrupt Dec. 9, 1867, and the appellees duly appointed assignees, to whom an assignment of his effects was made in due form. As such assignees, they filed in the Circuit Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania the bill in chancery on which the decree was rendered from which the present- appeal is'takei. The bill alleges that a conveyance of certain real estate made by said O'Hara and his wife, Frances, on the tenth day of July, 1866, to William Harrison and G. L. B. Fetterman, in trust for the use of the wife, was a fraud upon creditors, and prays that the deed be

Oct. 1876.] O'HARA ET AL. V. MACCONNELL ET AL.

151

declared void, and that O'Hara, his wife, and Barr, her guardian, be decreed to convey the land to complainants, that they may sell it for the benefit of O'Hara's creditors, free from the embarrassment created by said deed of trust.
The bill also alleges that Mrs. O'Hara is a minor, and that A. d. Barr is her legal guardian.
A subpcena was issued on the fifth day of April, 1869, and served on the 7th, on O'Hara, for himself and wife, and on Barr; and on the seventh day of May following, without appearance, and -without answer by any defendant, the bill was amended, was taken as confessed, and a Anal decree rendered. This decree enjoined the defendants from setting up any claim to the land, and ordered all of them to convey and release the same to the assignees; and, in default of such conveyance within thirty days, Henry Sproul was appointed commissioner to do it in their name. A copy of this decree was served on the defendants May 10; and on the 14th of June the order was complied with, by a deed made by O'Hara, his wife, and Barr, which on its face purports. to be in execution of the order, and for the consideration of one dollar. It will thus be seen, that within less than five weeks from the filing of the bill, and without any actual service of the writ or other notice on
her, a decree was entered against a woman who was both a minor and a feme covert, without the appointment of a guardian ad litern, without any appearance by her or for her, depriving her of fourteen acres of land now within the limits of the city of Pittsburg. It is from this decree that she appeals.
By the thirteenth rule of practice of the courts of equity of the United States, as it stood when the subpcena in this case was served, a delivery of 'a copy to the husband was good, where husband and wife were sued together; but the rule was amended by this court in 1874, so as to require a personal service on each defendant, or by leaving a copy for each at his or her usual place of abode, with some adult member of the family. The service in the present case would not now be good, though it must be held to have been so at the time it was made.
It would be very strange if a decree obtained under such

152

O'HARI ET AL. V. MACCONNELL, ET AL. [Sup. Ct.

circumstances could stand the test of a critical examination. We are of opinion that there are several errors sufficient to justify its reversal.
1. It was- the duty of th~e court, where the bill on its face showed that the party whose interest was the principal one to be affected by the decree was both a minor and a feme covert, and that no one appeared for her in any manner to protect her interest, to have appointed a guardian ad litem for that purpose. If neither her husband nor he who is styled her guardian in the bill appeared to- defend her interest, it was the more imperative that the court should have appointed some one to do it. There is no evidende in the record, except the statement in the bill, that Dr. Barr was her guardian.-- If he was not, then there was no one served with notice, whose legal duty it was to defend her. If e was her guardian, there is no evidence of the precise nature of his duties or power, as there are several classes of guardians. As to the particular property now in contest, she had a trustee, in whom the title was vested for her use, and whose duty it would have been to protect herjnterest in it; but, stranigely enough, he was not made a party. -It was, therefore, error, in the -courtto proceed" to a decree without appointing a guardiaii ad litem. 1 Daniell's Ch. Pr. -160, c. 4, sect. 9 ; Coughlin's Heirs v. Brents, 1 McLean, 175 ; Lessee of Nelson v. Moore, 3 id! 321.
2. If Mrs. O'Hara had been under no disability, it was error t6 have entered a final decree for waii of appearance on the return day of the writ, or during that term.
"According to the practice .of the English Chancery Court," says Mr. Justice Washington, in Pendleton v; lEvans's BE'r, 4 Wash. C. C. 337, "a bill cannot be taken pro confesso after service of subpcona, and even after appearance, until all the processes pf contempt to a sequestration have been exhausted; after which the bill is taken pro confesso, and a decree passes which is absolute in the first instance." He then comments on the practice of the New York Chancery Court, which, instead of a proceeding in contemipt, required a rule to answer to be served on the defendant; and, if -this -was not obeyed, the bill might be then taken pro confesso."He -then adds: "The principl which"goyerns the practice in bdth these courts is, that

Oct. 1876.] O'HARIA ET AL. V'. MACCONNELL ET AL.
the defendant shall not be taken by surprise, but shall have sufficient warning before a decree is entered against him by default." He then states the practice by the rules adopted by the Supreme Court for the Federal courts, as follows: "If the answer, the subpoena being returned executed, be not filed within three months after the day of appearance and bill filed, then defendant is to be ruled to answer, and, failing to do so, the bill may be taken for confessed, and the matter thereof decreed immediately; but this decree is only nisi, to be made absolute at the term succeeding that to which service of a copy of the decree shall be returned executed, unless cause to the contrary be shown." And in the case of Read v. Consequa, 4 Wash. C. C. 180, where a bill on which an injunction had been allowed had remained unanswered, and without appearance of defendant, who had been duly served five years before, he refused to grant an order taking the bill pro confesso because it would be irregtilar.
What a contrast to the speed with which the decree was entered in the case before us !
Rules 18 and 19 of the equity practice as now-existing have modified those which are mentidned by Judge Washington, and, unless the defendant demur, plead, or answer, on or before the rule-day next succeeding his appearance, the plaintiff may enter an order in the- order-book that the bill be taken-pro confesso, and the matter thereof decreed-at the next succeeding term. But in the case -before us the final decree w~s entered on the day fixed for appearance, or, at most, at the same term.
The standing rule now requires defendant to plead- by the next rule-day after appearance, which is the same as ifa special rule were taken on him to do so.
It is, therefore, clear that final decree could not be made, even under the present rules, until the term of the court next succeeding the day of default.
The remarks of Mr. Justice Washington show that these rules are not merely technical and arbitrary, but are made to prevent a defendant from losing his rights by surprise.
3. The legal title to the property in question was -held by Fetterman, in trust for Mrs. O'Hara. The trust was not a

154

O'HARA ET AL. V. MACCONNELL ET AL. [Sup. Ot.

naked or dry trust; for he was empowered, with her consent, to sell it, and reinvest the proceeds on the same trusts, or to mortgage it, and with the money so raised purchase other real
estate.
How the decree can clear the property of this trust without having the trustee before the court it is difficult to see. This was the object of the suit; but how can it be made effectual for that purpose in the absence of the person in whom the title
is vested ? We think that, in a case like this, where a woman, under the
double disability of coverture and infancy, has a trustee in whom the title of the property in controversy is vested for her use, the court should have refuised a decree until he was made a party.
It is said, that, after making the deed which the court ordered, the appellant is bound by it, and cannot now prosecute this
appeal.
The principle is unsound. The deed recites on its face that it is made under the order of the court. The parties must either have obeyed the order of the court, or taken an appeal and given a supersedeas bond in a sum so large that they were probably unable to do it.
"In no instance within our knowledge," says the court, in erwin v. Lowry, 7 how. 184, "has an appeal or writ of error been dismissed on the assumption that a release of errors was implied from the fact that money or property had changed hands by.force of the judgment or decree. If the judgment is reversed, it is the duty of the court to restore the parties to their rights." That was a case where the appellant received the money which by the decree he recovered of the appellee, and is, therefore, a stronger case than the present, as his action would seem to ratify the decree. , About three years after this decree, appellants filed a petition in the Circuit Court in the nature of a bill.of review to set it aside. To this petition the appellees filed an answer, in which, among other matters, they set out a copy of another deed made by O'Hara and wife the day after (as they allege) Mrs. O'Hara -became of age, and they rely on that deed here as a bar to the appeal.

Oct. 1876.] KERRISON, ASSIGNEE, V. STEWART ET AL.

155

It is sufficient now to say, as to that deed, that it is long

subsequent to the decree, and apart from it. Its validity and

force must stand or fall on its own merits, wherever and when-

ever they may be tried, in any issue made on them. It has

nothing to do with the appeal which, regards the errors of the

decree, and which the appellant has a right to have reversed.

When this is done, and she is placed where she ought to be in

that regard, the effect of the deed now under consideration may,

perhaps, be decided - on a supplemental bill, setting it up as

matter occurring since the commencement of the suit, or by the

appellees dismissing their present suit and relying on the title

acquired by that deed.

Another equally conclusive reason why we cannot consider

any other matters arising under the petition and answer is,

that there is no order, decree, or other action of the court on

them. The record closes with the bill and answer, the latter

filed May 23, 1874, and the present appeal allowed Aug. 4,

1874.

We, therefore, take no notice of this subsequent pleading,

but reverse the original decree, and remand the case to the

Circuit Court for such further peoceedings as to right and justice

may appertain.

Decree reversed.

KERRSOMN, ASSiGNEE, v. STEWART ET AL.
Where a trustee is invested with such powers and subjected to such olligations that his beneficiaries are bound by what is done against him or by him, they are not necessary parties to a suit against him by a stranger to defeat the trust in 'whole or in part. In such case, he is in court on their behalf i and they, though not parties, are concluded by the decree, unless it is impeached for fraud or collusion between him and the adverse party.
APPFAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of South Carolina.
Edwin L. Kerrison and Herman Leiding, of Charleston, S. C., May 1, 1867, conveyed to Charles Kerrison, in trust, the real estate in controversy in this suit, by deed, the material parts of which are as follows: -

Oct. 1876.]

MACKIE ET AL. V. STORY.

times held that we have no power to review the decisions of the State courts upon such questions. Bethel v. Demaret,10 Wall. 537; _Delmas' v. Ins. Go., 14 id. 666 ; Ins. Co. v. Hendren, 92 U. S.287; Rockhold v. Rockhold, id. 130.
Writ dismissed.

MACIE ET A.L. V. STORY.
1. In Louisiana, a legacy to two persons, "to be divided equally between them," is a conjoint one. If but one of them survives the testator, he is entitled, by accretion, to the whole of the thing bequeathed.
2. Parol evidence, to show the intention of the testator, is not admissible.
ERROR to the Circuit Court of the UnitedI States for the District of Louisiana.:
Submitted on printed arguments by Mr. aeorge L. Bright for the plaintiffs in error, and by Mr.John Finney and Mr. Henry C. Miller, contra.
MR. JUSTICE BRADLEY delivered the opinion of the court. Norman Story, of the city of New Orleans, now deceased, made his will, dated April 24, 1867, the third paragraph of which was in these words: "I will and bequeath to Henry C. Story and Benjamin S. Story all properties I die possessed of, to be divided equally between them." The legatees were brothers of the deceased, and Henry died before him, leaving chil. dren; Benjamin survived. The question in this case is, whether the whole legacy accrued to Benjamin, the survivor, or whether only one half of it did so, lbaving the deceased intestate as to the other half. On the trial, the children of Henry C. Story offered parol evidence to show the good-will and affection of the deceased towards him, for the purpose of demonstrating the intention of the testator in the bequest. This evidence was properly rejected. The paper must speak for itself, and its meaning and effect be ascertained by the court. The court below decided that the legacy was a conjoint one, and that by the right of accretion the whole of it accrued to Benjamin'; and in this opinion we concur. The civil law does

MACKIE ET AL. V. STORY.

[Sup. Ct.

not recognize the common-law distincion between joint tenancy and tenancy in common. A gift to two persons jointly, if it takes effect, inures to their equal benefit without any right of survivorship. If one dies, his share goes to his legal representatives. Hence the words "to be divided eqiually between them " added to such a legacy only expresses what the law would imply without them. They do not alter the character of the legacy: they are only descriptive of it. At the common law, they would have the effect of making it a tenancy in common; but they have no such effect in the civil law. The legacy, if it takes effect in respect of both legatees, will be divisible equally between them in any event.
But in testamentary dispositions, the civil law does make a distinction between a conjoint legacy and a legacy of separate and distinct shares in the thing bequeathed. Where the whole thing bequeathed is given to two persons, if one of them fails to receive the benefit of the disposition, either because he dies before the testator, or is incapable to take it, or refuses to take it, or because as to him it is revoked, the whole goes to the other legatee by accretion; for-the whole was given to both, and it is presumed to be the will of the testator that he shall not die intestate as to any part, but that the whole shall pass by his will; and this, notwithstanding it may be divisible between the two legatees, if received by both. But where an aliquot part is bequeathed to one, and another aliquot part to another, then they are separate legacies, and that part which is bequeathed to one is not bequeathed to the other; as, if the testator should say, "I give one-half of my bank stock to each of my two sons," or, " I give my bank stock to my two sons, one-half to each." Here there is an assignment of parts by the. testator himself ; and the legacies are separate, and not conjoint.
The distinction between these forms of expression and that in the will under consideration may seem somewhat nice; but it, is not more so than that which prevails in the English law between a condition annexed to the gift and one annexed to the payment or delivery of the thing given. Thus, a bequest of $100 to A when he attains twenty-one years is a conditional gift, and fails if A dies before twenty-one. But a

Oct. 1876.]

MACKIE ET AL. V. STORY.

bequest to A of $100, to be paid to him when he attains that age, is an absolute gift, and does not fail though he dies before, the condition being annexed only to the payment.
Before the adoption of the French Civil Code, there was some difference of opinion on the subject under consideration; and this may account for the passages quoted by the plaintiffs in error from Domat. The provisions of the Civil Code on the subject were probably intended to settle the dispute. The Civil Code of Louisiana exactly follows that of France, and declares as follows: "Accretion shall take place for the benefit of the legatees in case of the legacy being made to several conjointly. The legacy shall be reputed to be made conjointly, when it is made by one and tha same disposition, without the testator's having assigned the part of each co-legatee in the thing bequeathed." This language has received from the French courts and jurists abundant construction. Thus, where the disposition was as follows: "I make as iny heirs general and universal Mr. Plint6 and his two sisters, to enjoy and dispose of my entire inheritance after my decease by equal portions," the Court of Cassation adjudged tfiat the declaration as to parties did not apply to the gift itself, but only to the execution of it, or the mode in which the legatees were to divide it between them, and, consequently, that the right of accretion arose in reference to the part of one of the legatees who died before the testator in favor of the others. Duranton, lib. 8, tit. 2, vol. ix. (Paris ed.) art. 507. This was in 1808; and similar decisions have been made since that time by the same court. Duranton observes: " We adopt this doctrine. The assignment of equal aliquot parts- to each of the legatees, as the half, the third, &c., works a division of the disposition, and makes as many legacies as there .are assign~ed parts; but the mere declarition of equality of rights in the thing bequeathed acts only on the division, and.not on the gift itself."
Many more French authorities to the same effect could be referred to; but it is unnecessaryj as the Supreme Court of Louisiana has passed' upon the question, and its decision is binding on us as a rule of property. In the case of Parkinson v. kHcDonbugh, 4 Martin, i. s. 246, decided -in 1826, the. substantive words of the bequest were the same as in the case

MACKIE ET AL. V. STORY.

[Sup. Or.

-before us, - namely, "I bequeath to the orphan children of my old friend Godfrey Duher, Mary, Nancy, James, and Eliza, one-eighth of all my property, to be equally divided among them;" and the decision was, that the legacy was conjoint, and consequently, that the portion of one of the legatees who died before the testator went by accretion to the survivors. The court say, "The' distinction between a bequest of a thing to many in equal portions, and one wherein a testator gives a legacy to two 6r more individuals, to be divided in equal portions, appears at first view extremely subtle and refined. The difference of phraseology in those two modes of bequeathing is so slight; as not readily to convey to the mind any difference in ideas, and can only produce this effect by separating the members of the sentgnce in the latter phrase; in truth, to create two distinct sentences, each complete in itself with regard to sense and meaning, - the one relating to the disposition of the will, the other to its execution. We might hesitate much in adopting this method of construction, were it not sanctioned by the authorities cited in behalf of the appellants: the doctrine contended for is fully supported by the commentary of Touillier on the 1044th article-of Code Napbleon, which we have already shown to be precisely similar to that of our own code on the same subject."
This decisiQn was followed by the same court in 1855, in the case of Lebeau v. Trudeau, 10 La. Ann. 164, which was even a stronger case in favor of assignment of separate parts than that of Parkinsonv. MoDonough, the words of the bequest being, "After my debts are paid, my property shall be divided in equal proportions among the persons hereinafter named." After naming the legatees, the testator says, "I have hereinbefore mentioned the names of the persons to whom I bequeath all my property." After a full discussion of the question, it was decided that the legacy was conjoint, and that accretion took place. The court uses the following language: "The assigning of the parts of each co-legatee means something more than is comprehended in the language of this will, which, according to my understanding of it, simply. directs their participation of his whole estate-in equal portions. I apprehend the terms used inthe Code contemplate an express specification and assignment

Oct. 1876.]

BOND ET AL. V. MOORE.

of the respective portions of the legatees, calling each to his particular part. But in the present case, there is not that specific and distinct assignment of the parts which in my judgment is necessary to constitute a distinct legacy to each, of a distinct portion of the deceased's fortume. He appears to me, on the contrary, to have called them conjointly to partake equally in the totality of his estate, and has mentioned the equality of their portions for the purpose of regulating the distribution of that totality. They are conjointly his universal legatees."
In view of these decisions, we cannot hesitate to decide that the legacy in question is a conjoint legacy, and that the right of accretion took place in favor of the defendant in error.-
Judgment affirmed.

BoND ET AL. v. MOORE.

The order of the President of the United States of April 29, 1865 (18 Stat. 776), removed, from that date, all restrictions upon commercial intercourse between Tennessee and New Orleans; and neither the rights nor the duties of the bolder'of a bill of exchange, drawn at Trenton, Tenn., which matured in New Orleans before June 13, 1865, were dependent upon, or affected by, the President's proclamation of the latter date (id. 763).

ERROR to the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee.

This is an action commenced in the Circuit Court of Haywood

County, Tenn., against the defendant in error as indorser of a

bill of exchange drawn at Trenton, Tenn., Feb. 13, 1862, upon

a firm in New Orleans, La., and payable four months after

date. The bill was not presented in New Orleans until June

20, 1865, when, payment being refused, the plaintiff caused it

to be protested.

In their declaration the plaintiffs averred that the earlier

presentation of the bill in New Orleans was prevented by the

obstructions of war, and the interruption of intercourse between

their place of residence and that of the drawees.

Among other defences the defendant interposed a plea that

the bill -wias not presented within a reasonable time after the

removal of such, alleged obstructions.

VOL. 111.

88

Oct. 1876.] KERRISON, ASSIGNEE, V. STEWART ET AL.

155

It is sufficient now to say, as to that deed, that it is long

subsequent to the decree, and apart from it. Its validity and

force must stand or fall on its own merits, wherever and when-

ever they may be tried, in any issue made on them. It has

nothing to do with the appeal which, regards the errors of the

decree, and which the appellant has a right to have reversed.

When this is done, and she is placed where she ought to be in

that regard, the effect of the deed now under consideration may,

perhaps, be decided - on a supplemental bill, setting it up as

matter occurring since the commencement of the suit, or by the

appellees dismissing their present suit and relying on the title

acquired by that deed.

Another equally conclusive reason why we cannot consider

any other matters arising under the petition and answer is,

that there is no order, decree, or other action of the court on

them. The record closes with the bill and answer, the latter

filed May 23, 1874, and the present appeal allowed Aug. 4,

1874.

We, therefore, take no notice of this subsequent pleading,

but reverse the original decree, and remand the case to the

Circuit Court for such further peoceedings as to right and justice

may appertain.

Decree reversed.

KERRSOMN, ASSiGNEE, v. STEWART ET AL.
Where a trustee is invested with such powers and subjected to such olligations that his beneficiaries are bound by what is done against him or by him, they are not necessary parties to a suit against him by a stranger to defeat the trust in 'whole or in part. In such case, he is in court on their behalf i and they, though not parties, are concluded by the decree, unless it is impeached for fraud or collusion between him and the adverse party.
APPFAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of South Carolina.
Edwin L. Kerrison and Herman Leiding, of Charleston, S. C., May 1, 1867, conveyed to Charles Kerrison, in trust, the real estate in controversy in this suit, by deed, the material parts of which are as follows: -

156

KERRISON, ASSIGNEE, V. STEWART ET AL. [Sup. Ct.

" This deed of two parts, made this first day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, between Edwin L. Keryison and Herman Leiding, of the city of Charleston, in the State aforesaid, lately trading together as merchants, copartners, under the name and style of Kerrison & Leiding, of the first part, and Charles Kerrison, also formerly merchant, of the same place, of the second part, witnesseth: That whereas, with a view to enable them, the said Kerrison & Leiding, parties hereto of the first part, to resume some mercantile trade or business, a majority of their creditors, both in number and amount or value, have agreed to take their notes, dated the first day of December last, payable, with interest, from the first day of June, that was in A.D. 1865, two
and three years after the said date, secured by a conveyance to an approved trustee of the real estate hereinafter fully and particularly -mentioned and described, and intended to be conveyed to the said Charles Kerrison, hereto of -the second part, in trust, for the better securing of the said notes, a schedule whereof, with the names of the said creditors and the respective amounts of the notes given to each of them, all bearing the date and payable on the days aforesaid, is hereunto annexed and made a part of these presents; and whereas all other the creditors of the said Kerrison & Leiding may be disposed to come in upon the footing of the said agreement and security, and in that event it is intended to secure to them that right, and also to provide for making the security more effectual.
"Yow this deed further witnesseth, That the said Edwin L. Kerrison and Herman Leiding, . . . for the better securing their said notes, and such as may be given to their other creditors, have granted, bargained, sold, and released, and by these presents do grant, bargain, sell, and release, unto the said Charles Kerrison [here follows the description of all the property]. To have and to hold all and singular the premises unto the said Charles Kerrison, his heirs and assigns for ever,... in trust, nevertheless, in the first place, to hold the said premises as a security for the several and respective parties, creditors of the said Kerrison & Leiding, named in the first section of. the schedule hereunto annexed, for the several and respective sums set opposite to their names, with interest, as above recited; and also for such other parties, creditors of the said Kerrison & Leiding, the ndmes of which are, as is believed and intended, to be correctly stafed in the second, section of the said schedule hereto annexed, who,-at any time before the first day of December next, idi lieu and satisfaction 6f. their claim,'

Oct. 1876.] KERRISON, ASSIGNEE, V. STEWART ET AL.

15T

shall take and accept the notes of the said Kerrison & Leiding, bearing the same date, 1st December, 1866, payable at the sane tirr i (two and three years after date), with interest from the same (1st June, 1865), each note for one-half the principal due such creditors as the creditors named in the first section of the said schedule ba, taken and accepted; and thereupon the proper amount shall be set opposite the names of the said creditors named in the second section of the said schedule: and, in the next place, in trust, unless the said notes be paid by the parties hereto of the first part in the mean time, then at public or private sale to sell and dispose of all and singular the premises aforesaid, or so much thereof as may be necessary, or to raise the sum, required by mortgage (if practicable), in due time, to provide for the payment of the said. notes as they shall fall due, together with all proper charges, expenses, and commissions to be allowed to the said Charles Kerrison, which commissions shall not exceed five per cent upon the amount of sales or sums raised by mortgage. Or if he, the said Charles Kerrison, should deem it best for the interest of all, then to sell and dispose of the said premises, or any part of them, at any time after the execution and delivery of these presents, as he may think proper, for cash, or on such credit as' may enable him to meet the said notes at maturity; and if he should so sell for cash, or for cash and credit, before the maturity of the said notes, then, after paying and retaining all proper charges, expenses, and commissions, to pay the clear residue of the cash so received by him to the parties or holders of the said notes in average and proportion to the several and respective amounts due upon the said notes, if the cash be not sufficient to -pay tbe whole thereof, and in the same way to pay the proceeds of sale of the whole property (less charges, commissions, and expenses) pro rata, if the whole be not sufficient to pay the said notes in full at their maturity."
A. T. Stewart & Co. were named as creditors in the second
schedule; but they declined to accept under'the trust. Paton & Co. were nanied in the first schedule, and Benkard & Hutton
in the second.
On Aug. 8, 1866, and before the execution of the deed of trust, Stewart & Co. sued out a summons, entitled " Sixth Cir-
cuit of the United States of America, South Carolina District," and tested by the Chief Justice of the United States, at Green-
ville, South Carolina, commanding the marshal of the United States for that district to summon Edwin L. Kerrison and Her-

158

KERRISON, ASSIGNEE, V. STEWART ET AL. [Sup. Ct.

man Leiding to appear before the clerk of the Circuit Court of the United States for the aforesaid circuit and district, at the rules to be holden at Charleston, in the aforesaid district, on the first Monday in September next, to answer, &c. The writ was signed by the clerk of the Circuit Court for the district of South Carolina, and sealed. At the day named, Kerrison & Leiding, by their attorneys, entered their appearance to the suit, before the clerk. Stewart & Co. then filed their declaration, containing several counts; to a part of which Kerrison & Leiding demurred, and to others they pleaded specially. They also pleaded the general issue. Stewart & Co. demurred to the special pleas, and the cause was placed upon the docket of the Circuit Court. At a regular term of the Circuit Court, holden at Charleston in June and July, 1867, the demurrers to the declaration were overruled, and those to the special pleas sustained. The cause then standing for trial upon the general issue, was continued. In the following August, the docket of the Circuit Court was taken to Greenville, at which place, on the first Monday in that month, a regular term of the District Court for the Western District of South' Carolina was held, that court having circuit-court jurisdiction and powers in that part of the district of South Carolina embraced within the western district. Before the term, the attorneys of Stewart & Co. notified the attorneys of Kerrison & Leiding that they should insist upon the trial of the cause at that term and place. Accordingly, the parties appeared, and upon the regular call of the docket a trial was had. The case was argued by counsel on both sides, without objection to the jurisdiction. A verdict having been rendered by the jury in favor of Stewart & Co., judgment was in due form entered thereon, Sept. 24,1868. Execution was issued upon the judgment, and returned nulla bona; whereupon Stewart & Co. filed their bill in equity in the Court of Common Pleas for the county of Charleston, a State court of South Carolina, against Edwin L. Kerrison, Herman Leiding, Charles Kerrison, Paton & Co., and Hutton (the last two as representative creditors), praying that the deed of trust to Charles Kerrison might be adjudged void as to them, and that the property covered by it might be subjected to the payment of their judgment. The Klerrisons and Leiding appeared and defended the suit. Publi-

Oct. 1876.] KERRisoN, ASSIGNEE, V. STEWART ET AL.

159

cation was made to bring in Paton & Co. and Hutton, who were non-residents of the State; but they did not appear, or make defence. The Court of C6mmon Pleas, June. 22, 1870, after hearing, adjudged the deed to be void as to Stewart & Co. From this decree the Kerrisons and Leiding appealed to the Supreme Court df 'the State, where it was affirmed, March 1, 1872.
Kerrison & Leiding Wvere adjudged bankrupts upon their own petition, April 6, 1872, and afterwards Charles Kerrison was duly appointed and qualified as their assignee. This bill was filed by him, as such assignee, in the Circuit Court for the district of South Carolina, against Stewart & Co., and the creditors provided for in the trust' deed, to adjust the liens upon the property, with a view to a sale and distribution of the proceeds under the direction of the court. Stewart & Co. answered, claiming a prior lien under the operation of their judgment and the decree of the State court in their favor; and they insist that the creditors are bound by that decree. The creditors answered, alleging that the judgment in favor of Stewart & Co. was void for want of jurisdiction in the court in which it was rendered; or, if not void, that it is invalid as to them, by reason of certain irregularities in the proceedings previous to and at the time of its rendition, and that, as they were not parties to the suit in the State court, they are not bound by the decree.
The Circuit Court sustained the prior lien of Stewart & Co., and decreed accordingly. From this decree the creditors and the assignee in bankruptcy appeal to this court.
Submitted on printed arguments by Mr. Edward McCrady, Jr., for the appellant, and by 11r. Samuel Lord, Jr., for the appellees.

MR. CHF JUSTICE WAITE delivered the opinion of the court.
Th4 first question to be considered in this case is, whether the creditors of Kerrison & Leiding, who claim the benefit of the trust created by the deed to Charles Kerrison, are concluded by the decree against him in the State court. If they are, the decree of the Circuit Court must be affirmed.

160

KERRISoN, ASSIGNEE, V. ST19WART ET AL. [Sup. Ct.

It cannot be doubted, that,iunder some circumstances, a trustee may represent his beneficiai ies in all things relating to their common interest in the trust property. Ie niay be invested with such powers and subjected to such obligations that those for whom he holds will be bound by what is done against him, as well as by what is done byhim. The difficulty lies in ascertaining whether he occupies such a position, not in determining
its effect if he does. If he has been made such a representative, it is well settled that his beneficiaries are not necessary parties to a suit by him against a stranger to enforce the trust (Shaw v. Norfolk Co. B. B. Co., 5 Gray, 171; Bifield v. Taylor, 1 Beat. 91; Campbell v. K.B. Co., 1 Woods, 376; Ashton v. Atlantic Bank, 3 Allen, 220) ;.:or to one by a stranger against him to defeat it in whole or in part. Rogers v. Rogers, 3 Paige, 379; Wakeman v. Grover, 4 id. 34; Winslow v. H.
R.. B. K. Co., 4 Minn. 317; Campbell v. Watson, 8 Ohio, 500. In such cases, the trustee is in court for and on behalf of the beneficiaries ;-and they, though not parties, are bound by the judgment, unless it is impeached for fraud or collusion between him and the adverse party.
The pri ,ple which underlies this rule has always been applied in pr6ceedings r ating to railway mortgages, where a trustee holds the security for the benefit of bondholders. It is not, as seems to t': suppoaed by the counsel for the appellants, a new principle developed by the necessities of that class of cases, but an old rone, long in use under analogous circumstances, and found to be well adapted to the protection of the rights of those interested- in -such securities, without subjectling litigants to unnecessary inconvenience.
Undoubtedly cases may arise in -which it would be prcper to have before the court the beneficiaries themselves, or some one other than the trustee to represent theii interests. They then become proper parties, and may be brought in or not, as the court in the exercise of its judicial discretion may determine. But this was very clearly not a case in which such' action was required; and so all the parties evidently thought, while the litigation was progressing. The trustee, as well as Kerrison & Leiding, appeared, and vigorously resisted the decree asked for. The report of the case in 3 Rich. (S. C.) rw. s. 266i to which we

Oct. 1876.] KERRISON, ASSIGNEE, V. STEWART ET AL.

161

have been referred, shows that they were represented by the

same counsel who appear here for the creditors, that the argu-

ment was full, and the judgment carefully considered. In addi-

tion to this, Paton & Co. and Hutton, who .are among the

creditors now resisting the decree, were named as parties to the

suit, and might have appeared to.defend, if they had been so

inclined. They seem, however, to have been then content to

leave their interests in the hands of the trustee, who certainly

could present their defence if he would, and against whom no

charge of neglect even is now made.

It remains to determine whether Charles Kerrison was au-

thorized to represent the creditors in proceedings against him

to defeat the title he held for their security. This depends

upon the intention of the parties, as expressed in the deed creat-

ing the trust and making him the trustee. Looking to that,

we find that he was the." approved trustee," provided for in

the arrangement between Kerrison & Leiding and the majority

of their creditors, which was the foundation of the trust. He

was to "hold the premises" as security for the scheduled cred-

itors who had already accepted the terms proposed, and also for

such of certain other creditors named in a second schedule as

should thereafter accept. If the debts so secured were not paid

by Kerrison & Leiding, it was made his duty to provide the

means for their payment, as well as the payment of all proper

charges and expenses, either by a public or private sale of the

property, or by mortgage, if practicable. If he should deem it

best for the interest of all, he was authorized to sell the whole

or any part of the property at any time for cash, or on such

credit as would enable him to meet the debts at maturity; but

if he did sell before maturity, the cash received, after deducting

all proper charges, &c., was to be divided amongst the creditors

in proportion to the amounts due them respectively.

From this it appears that he was not only invested with the

legal title to the property, but that all parties relied upon his

judgment and discretion for the protection of their respective

interests. A clear intent is manifested of relieving the credit-

ors from the necessity of looking personally to the conversion

of the securities, or to the preservation of the trust. While

the trustee is nowhere in express terms invested with the

VOL. III.

11

162

KERRISON, ASSIGNEE, v. STEWART ET AL. [Sap. Ct.

power to give receipts for purchase-money upon sales made, it is perfectly apparent that such must have been the intention of the parties. The wide range of discretion allowed him in making the security available for the payment of the debts is entirely inconsistent with the idea that purchasers or mortgagees must look to the application of their moneys after payment actually made .to him. The creditors 8annot interfere with his discretion in making sales, so long as he keeps within the general scope of his powers; neither can they prescribe the terms upon which he shall sell. In all these particulars he has been authorized to act in such manner as he shall deem best for the interests of both parties, debtors as well as creditors. The debtors rely upon his judgment to avoid unnecessary sacrifice ; and the creditors must be satisfied, if, at the proper time, he is found to have done all that could reasonably be required of him to subject the securities to the payment of their several demands.
With these facts before us, it is impossible to come to any other conclusion than that, as to strangers, he did represent the trust and its property. Purchasers must go to him to make their purchases, and adverse claimants may properly look to him as the party against whom alone they are called upon to assert their rights. If the creditors, mindful of their interests, are dissatisfied with the manner in which he represents them in suits that are pending, they may, under proper circumstances, intervene, and ask to be made parties, so as to speak for themselves; but their adversary need not go after them, except under the direction of the court.
There is no need of inquiring whether this was a case in which one of the creditors might be broughtin and made to represent all; for the trustee is himself the chosen representative of all, and whatever binds him must bind them.
It follows that the creditors are concluded by the decree of the State court; and that necessarily disposes of this case, without further inquiry as to the other important questions argued before us. The object of the suit in that court was to avoid the deed to Charles Kerrison, as against the judgment of Stewart & Co.; and the decree was in accordance with the prayer of the bill. The validity of the judgment 'was necessarily

Oct. 1876.] TILTON ET AL. V. COFIELD ET AL.
involved in the suit; and the decree, as rendered, could not have been given except by establishing it. This is expressly admitted by the creditors in their answer to this bill; for they say, "That the said decrees were given upon the allegation of the bill of complaint of the said A. T. Stewart & Co., among. which was the material allegation, without which his said complaint could not have been sustained, that they, the said A. T. Stewart & Co., had recovered, and at the time of their bill filed had, a judgment in this honorable court, upon which they had sued .out an execution of fierifacias," &c.
Decree affirmed.
TiLTON ET AL. V. COFEIEL ET AL.
1. Where no local statute or rule. of local law is involved, the power to amend is the same in attachment suits as in others.
2. A court of equity cannot act as a court of review, and correct errors of a court of law, nor can it, in the absence of fraud, collaterally question the conclusiveness of a judgment at law.
3. A purchaser of property pendente lite is as conclusively bound by the results of the litigation as if he had from the outset been a party thereto.
APPEAL from'the Supreme Court of the Territory of Colorado.
Argued by Mr. George T. Curtisand Hr. GeorgeH. WTilliams for the appellants, and submitted on pripted arguments by Mr. Amos Steck for the appellees.
MR. JUSTICE SWAYNFE delivered the opinion of the court. On the 28th of August, 1865, the appellants sued out of the District Court of Arapaho County, Col., a writ of attachment against the property of Judson H. Dudley and Thomas P. Ames, for the sum of $2,591.44. The indebtedness was stated in the affidavit to be upon an account for goods' sold and, delivered. On the same day, the writ was served by attaching the real estate in controversy. A declaration was duly filed. The damages were laid at $3,000. On the 27th of January, 1865, judgment was rendered for $2,591.44, and costs. This judgment was reversed by the Supreme Court of the Territory on the 10th

326 BRANT V. VIRGINIA COAL & IRON CO. ET AL. [SuF. Ct.

it matured. Talty might then have paid the amount due upon

it to the defendant in error, and could thereupon have de-

fended succssfully in a suit on the note, whether brought by

Kendig or any indorsee taking it after due. He might also,

after making the tender, have filed his bill in equity, making

Kendig and the savings-bank defendants, and thus have settled

the rights of all the parties in that litigation. Having sued at

law without making the t~nder, it is clear he was not entitled

to recover.

The instruction given by the court to the jury was, there-

fore, correct.

" The proceeding and judgment were according to the local

law regulating the action of replevin in the District of

Columbia.

In the discussion here our attention was called only to the

question of tender: nothing was said as to the rule of dam-

ages laid down by the court below.

Ther6 is another question arising upon the record, and that

is, whether the defendant in error, being a bona fide purchaser,

did not, under the circumstances, acquire the absolute owner-

ship of the claim. Story on Agency, sect. 127; Addis v.

Baker, 2 Anst. 229; MNiel v. The Tenth National Bank,

46 N. Y. 325; Tatman v. Lobach, 1 Duer, 524; Weirick v.

The Mahoning County Bank, 16 Ohio, 297; Fullertonv. Stur-

gess, 4 Ohio St. 529.

But as the point has not been argued, we express no opinion

upon the subject.

Judgment affirmed.

BRANT v. VIRGINIA COAL AND IRON CoMPAN-Y et al.
1. Where a testator made a bequest to his wife of all his estate, real and persounal, "to have and to hold during her life, and to do with as she sees proper before her death," the wife took a life-estate in the property, with only such power as a life-tenant can have, and her conveyance of the real property passed no greater interest.
2. For the application of the doctrine of equitable estoppel, there must generally be sbme intended deception in the conduct or declarations of the party to be estopped, or such gross negligence on his part as amounts to constructive fraud, by which another has been misled to his injury.
8. Where the estoppel relates to the title of real property, it is essential to the

Oct. 1876.] BRANT V. VIRGINIA COAL & IRON CO. ET AL. 327
application of the doctrine, that the party claiming to have been influenced by the conduct or declarations of another was himself not only destitute of knowledge, of the true state of the title, but also of any convenient and available means of acquiring such knowledge. Where the condition of the title is known to both parties/or both have the same means of ascertaining the truth, there is no estoppel.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of West Virginia.
In April, 1831, Robert Sinclair, of Hampshire County, Va., died, leaving a widow and eight surviving children. He was, at the time of his death, possessed of some personal property, 'and the real property in controversy, consisting of one hundred and ten acres. By his last will and testament he made the following devise: "I give and bequeath to my beloved wife, Nancy Sinclair, all my estate, both real and personal; that is to say, all my lands, cattle, horses, sheep, farming utensils, household and kitchen furniture, with every thing that I possess, to have and to hold during her life, and to do with as she sees proper before her death." The will was duly probated in the proper county.
In July, 1839, the widow, for the consideration of $1,100, executed a deed'to the Union Potomac Company, a corporation created under the laws of Virginia, of the-real property thus devised to her, describing it as the tract or parcel on which she then resided, and the same which was conveyed to her "by the 'last will and testament of her late husband." As security for the payment of the consideration, she took at the time from the company its bond and a mortgage npon the property. The mortgage described the property' as the tract of land which had on that day been conveyed by her to the Union Potomac Company.
In 1854 this bond and mortgage were assigned to the complainant and Hector Sinclair, the latter a son of the widow, in consideration of $100 cash, and the yearly payment of the like sum during her life. Previous to this, time, Brant and Hector Sinclair had purchased the interest of all the other heirs, except Jane Sinclair, who 'was at the time, and still is, an idiot, or an insane person; and such purchase is recited in the assignment, as is also the previous conveyance of a lifeinterest to the company.

328

BRANT V. VIRGINIA COAL & IRON Co. ET AL. [Sup. Ct.

In July, 1857, these parties instituted suit for the foreclosure of the mortgage and sale of the property. The bill described the property as a tract of valuable coal land which the company had purchased of the widow, and' prayed for the sale of the estate purchased. Copies of the deed of the widow and of the mortgage of the company were annexed to the bill. In due course of proceedings a decree was obtained directing a sale, by commissioners appointed for that purpose, of the property, describing it as. "the lands in the bill and proceedings mentioned," if certain payments were not made within a designated period. The payments not being made, the commissioners, in December, 1858, sold the mortgaged property to one Patrick Hammill, who thus succeeded to all the rights of the Union Potomac Company.
The defendant corporation, the Virginia Coal and Iron Company, derive their title and interest in the premises by sundry mesne conv6yances from Hammill, and in 1867 went into their possession. Since then it has cut down a large amount of" valuable timber, and has engaged in mining and extracting coal from the land, and disposing of it.
Brant, having acquired the interest of Hector Sinclair, brought the present suit tb restrain the company from mining and extracting coal from the land, and to compel an accounting for the timber cut and the coal taken and converted to its use.
The court below dismissed the bill, whereupon Brant brought the case here.
Argued by Mr. John T ZieKinnon and Mr. George W:. Brandt for the appellant.
Under the will, Nancy Sinclair took only a life-estate. The testator having failed to devise the fee, it descended to his heirs. She had no power, nor did she attempt to divest them of it.
Real and personal property of an intestate is, under the statute of Virginia, .distributed equally among his heirs-atlaw. The rule is. the same where the owner in fee of lands devises them to another for life, without making any specific disposition of the inheritance.
A rule never to be lost sight of in the construction of wills is, that the heir is not to be disinherited without an express

Oct. 1876.] BRANT V. VIRGINIA COAL & IRON CO. ET AL. 329
devise, or implication importing so strong a probability, that an intention to the contrary cannot be supposed. 1 Redf. on Wills, p. 425, n. 5, p. 434, sect. 18; Allen's Ex'r v. Allen, 18 How. 391.
Negative words are not sufficient to exclude the title of the heir. There must be an actual gift to some other definite object. Pitch v. Teber, 6 Hare, 145; 1 Redf. on Wills, 425.
Courts will look at the circumstances under which the devisor makes his will, as to the state of his property, his family, and the like. 1 Redf. on Wills, 425.
In a deed, the words govern the intention. In a will, the intention governs the words. Edwards v. Bibb, 43 Ala. 666.
It is an old and equitable rule, that the reversion is not to be defeated, or the heirs despoiled by implication, without express words. Dashwood v. Peyton, 18 Ves. 40.
No words authorizing Mr.-Sinclair to sell and convey the fee can be found in the will, either in connecti6n with the life-estate or elsewhere.
The leading case of Bradley v. Westeott, 13 Ves. 445, id strikingly analogous to that at bar. In both there is an ex-. press devise for life, followed by an ambiguous authority or discretion; and in each the authority or power is confined to natural life.
Applying the doctrine in that case to this, it cannot be contended that the still less potent and greatly more ambiguous language following the express devise for life in this case is to have a different meaning or be differently construed. Smith v. Bell, 6 Pet. 80, Gregory v. Cowgill, 19 Mo. 415, Boyd et al. v. Strahan, 36 Ill. 355, Seigwald v. Seigwald, 37 id. 431, and Cox et al. v. Butt et al., 22 Ark. 568, are to the same effect as Bradley v. WTestcott, supra, and settle the question as to what estate Mrs. Sinclair took, and what power she had under the will.
The complainant is in no manner or way estopped by reason of the foreclosure proceeding or by the sale thereunder. To estop him in any view of the case, the defence must show that his language or conduct was the direct motive or inducement to the purchase. This has not even been attempted. Ware v. Cowles, 24 Ala. 446; Jones v. Cowles, 26 id. 612; Brewer

330

BRANT V. VIRGINIA COAL & IRON Co. ET 'AL. [Sup. Ct.

v. Brewer, 19 id. 431; I$orton v. Hodgdon, 32 Me. 327; Cambridge Inst. v. Bittlefield, 6 Cush. 216; Watkins v. Peck, 13 N. H. 360; Darlington's Appeal, 1 Harris, 430 Carpenter v. Stilwell, 1 Kern. 61.
Ignorance of the true state of the title on the part of the purchaser must concur with wilful misrepresentation or fraudulent concealment on the part of the vendor. Crest v. Jack, 3 Watts,
238; Hepburnv. MeDowell, 17 Serg. & R. (Pa.) 383; Ferrisv. Coover, 10 Cal. 509; Casey v. Iloes, 1 Gilm. 430; Lawrence v. Brown, 1 Seld. 394; Hill v. pley, 7 Casey, 331; Goodson v. Beacham, 24 Ga. 150; Parker v. Parker,2 Met. 421.
No estoppel will arise in the absence of actual fraud, unless the purchaser was not only ignorant of the true state of the title, but had no means of acquiring knowledge by a recourse to the record. Bigelow v. Toplif,f 25 Vt. 273; Carterv. Champion, 8 Conn. 554.
Argued 1iy Mr. -E.. Wyatt Blanehardfor the appellee. Notwithstanding the assumed defect in Mrs. Sinclair's original title under the will, 'the appellant is entitled to no relief, and is estopped from denying the validity of the appellee's title: first, as privy in estate of Mrs. Sinclair, under whom he claimed in the foreclosure proceedings; second, by his own declarations of record in those proceedings, his nonassertion at that time of the title he now claims, and by various acts in connection with the foreclosure sale, and subsequently thereto. It is not necessary to the application of the doctrine of estoppel that fraud in fact should be charged or shown. It rests on a broad principle of equity, which will not permit a party to a transaction, even when made under a mistake of title, to receive its fruits, and afterwards repudiate it. Assertions innocently made, but which mislead others; silence as to conflicting claims, or as to facts which shoild have been disclosed; recitals in deeds; descriptions of title; covenants; warranties,- all or any will give rise to the application of this principle for the protection of a purchaser, in the class of cases known as cases of constructive fraud. . It is a principle of universal application, that a person assenting $o an act, and deriving and enjoying a "title under it,

Oct. 1876.] BRANT V. VIRGINIA COAL & IRON Co. ET AL. 331
shall not be permitted to impeach it. 2 Wash. Real. Prop. b. 3, p. 472; 11 How. 322, 325, 326; 5 Johns. Ch. 184; 1 id. 354; 12 Wall. 858; 13 id. 291.
Nor can any controlling authority be found for applying the rule caveat emptor to this class of cases.
The evidence is uncontradicted, that the sum agreed to be paid to Mrs. Sinclair was at the time the full value of the property in fee-simple, subject to the life-estate reserved by her. Whatever, therefore, she conveyed was to be paid for as a fee-simple estate. Her acceptance of the mortgage in fee, to secure the payment of the purchase-money, was a distinct act in pais, recognizing the existence of a title in fee in the Union Potomac Company.
In the application of the doctrine of estoppel, the question whether the acts done by the parties are legally effectual is excluded. The sole question- is, What did they intend to do? In this case, the conclusion is irresistible, that Mrs. Sinclair intended to part with the fee for a then fair price. Her opinions, purposes, or unknown views must yield to the force of her solemn act,; and for the protection of others against her and her privies in estate, if the purchaser believed himself acquiring a fee as against her and them, his estate is a fee. Although it is not intended to charge that the complainant in this and in the foreclosure case committed the fraud of conducting that proceeding with his present opinion of his title, or with the purpose of selling the lands, receiving the proceeds, and then reclaiming them, the effect is the same as if he had acted with such guilty purpose. Every line of the record of that proceeding shows that the officers of the court did not sell the lifeestate of Mrs. Sinolair, but that they did offer "the lands mentioned in the proceedings," with that life-estate reserved, in such explicit terms, that no successful bidder could fail to conclude that he was the purchaser of the fee.
The power of disposition of Mrs. Sinclair, under the will of her husband, equally affects all descriptions of the prbperty devised. Nothing is to be found in the will to indicate any purpose on his part to distinguish her dominion over his real and personal estate.
The construction claimed by the appellant requires that the

332

BRANT V. VIRGINIA COAL & IRON CO. ET AL. [Stip. Ct.

words of power shall be held to refer to the words creating the estate, so as to read, "to have and to bold during life, and to do with as she sees proper, according to the powers of a life-tenant." When the testator gave all to his wife, to have and to hold during her life, he, without superadded words, gave every power incident to that estate. The appellant, in effect, rejects the words of power, and treats them as surplusage.
That construction rests on the presumed intention of the testator to die intestate as to the remainder of his effects, real and personal, in order that they might pass to his heirs-at-law subSect to the life-estate devised to his wife; but such intention is not to be presumed if any other construction be possible, especially where a devise like this is of the -testator's entire estate. 2 Preston on Estates, 103. Where the devise is general, with words added implying a power of disposition, the devisee takes a fee.
Where an express estate for life is given with such words of power added, the devisee takes an estate for life, and the power must be exercised. 2 -Preston on Estates, 81, 82 ; Cruise, tit.
Devise, c. 13, sect. 5; Jackson v. Robins, 16 Johns. 537; Stevens v. Winship, 1 Pick. 318; Reid v. Shergold, 10 Ves. 370; Guthrie -v. Guthrie, 1 Call, 7; Shermer v. Shermer's Ex'r, 1 Wash. 266; Burwell v. Anderson, 3 Leigh, 355; 2 Johns. 392; May v. Joynes, 20 Gratt. 692. The power is a distinct gift, and is not limited to a disposition of the life-interest, but will pass the fee. 3 Lomax, Dig. 317 ; 2 Preston, 81, 82; 8 Viner's Abr. 234, 235, sects. 2, 3, 4, 9, 8, 14. Nor is any special form of words necessary to give the power of disposition of the fee to the life-tenant.
The current of authority is unbroken, that words of power fol1owing a gift for life, and uncontrolled by other parts of the will, give either a fee,.or a life-estate with power to dispose of the fee. Mrs. Sinclair's deed, therefore, either conveyed, and was meant to convey, nothing, or was intended to operate according to the legal effect of its words upon the reversion.

MIR. JUsTIce FIELD stated the case, and delivered the opinion of the-court.
The disposition of the case, depends upon the construction

Oct. 1876.] BRANT V. VIRGINIA COAL & IRON CO. ET AL. 333
given to the devise of Robert Sinclair to his widow, and the operation of the foreclosure proceedings as an estoppel upon the complainant from asserting title to the property.
The complainant contends that the widow took a life-estate in the property, with only such power as a life-tenant can have, and that her conveyance, therefore, carried no -greater interest to the Union Potomac Company. The defendant corporation, on the other hand, insists, that, with the lifeestate, the widow took full power to dispose of the property absolutely, and that her conveyance accordingly passed the fee.
We are of opinion that the position taken by the complainant is the correct one. The interest conveyed by the devise to the widow was only a life-estate. The language used admits of no other conclusion; and the accompanying words, " to do with as she sees proper before-her death," only conferred power to deal with the property in such manner as she might choose, consistently with that estate, and, perhaps, without liability for waste committed. These words, used in connection with a conveyance of a leasehold estate, would never be understood as conferring a power to sell the property so as to pass a greater estate. Whatever power of disposal the words confer is limited by the estate with which they are conneted.
In the case of .Bradley v. Westeott, reported in the 13th of Vesey, the testator gave all his personal estate to his wife for her sole use for life, to be at her full, free, and absolute disposal and disposition during life; and the court held, that, as the testator had given in express terms an interest for life, the ambiguous words afterwards thrown in could not extend that interest to the absolute property. " I must construe," said the Master of the Rolls, "the subsequent words with reference to the express interest for life previously given, that she is to have as full, free, and absolute disposition as a tenant for life can have."
In Smith v. Bell, reported in the 6th of Peters, the testator gave all his personal estate, after certain payments, to his wife, "to and for her own use and disposal absolutely," with a provision that the remainder after her decease should go to his son. The court held that the latter clause qualified the former,

334

BRANT V. VIRGINIA COAL & IRON Co. ET AL. [Sup. Ct.

and showed that the wife only took a life-estate. In construing the language of the devise, Chief Justice Marshall, after observing that the operation of the words "to and for her own use and benefit and disposal absolutely," annexed to the bequest, standing alone, could not be questioned, said, "But suppose the testator had added the words ' during her natural life,' these words would have restrained those which preceded them, and have limited the use and benefit, and the absolute disposal given by the prior words, to the use and benefit and to a disposal for the life of the wife. The words, then, are susceptible 6f such limitation. It may be imposed on them b, other words. Even the words 'disposal absolutely' may have their character qualified by restraining words connected with and explaining.them, to mean such absolute disposal as a tenant for life may make."
The Chief Justice then proceeded to show that other equivalent words might be used, equally manifesting the intent of the testator to restrain the estate of the wife- to her life, and that the words, "devising a remainder to the son," were thus equivalent.
In Boyd v. Strakan, 36 Ill. 355, there was a bequest to the wife of all the personal property of the testator not otherwise disposed of, "to be at her own disposal, and for her own proper use and benefit during her natural life;" and the court held that the words "during her natural life" so qualified the power of disposal, as to make it mean such disposal as a tenant for life could make. I Numerous other cases to the same purport might be cited.
They all show, that where a power of disposal accompanies a bequest or devise of a life-estate, the power is limited to such disposition as a tenant for life can make, unless there are other words clearly indicating that a larger power was intended.
The position -that the complainant is estopped, by the proceedings for the foreclosure of the mortgage, from asserting title to the property, has less plausibility than the one already considered. 'There was nothing in the fact that the complainant And Hector Sinclair owned seven-eighths of the reversion, which prevented them from taking a mortgage upon the life-estate, or

Oct. 1876.] BRANT V. VIRGINIA COAL & IRON CO. ET AL. 3.35
purchasing one already executed. There was no misrepresentation of the character of the title, which they sought to subject to sale by the foreclosure suit. The bill of complaint in the suit referred to the deed from the widow to the Union Potomac Company, and to the mortgage executed to secure the consideration; and copies were annexed. The deed described the property sold as the tract conveyed to the widow by the last will and testament of her late husband. The mortgage described the property as the tract of ]and conveyed on the same day to the mortgagor. The decree ordering the sale described the property as "the lands in the bill and proceedings mentioned." The purchaser was bound to take notice of the title. He was directed to its source by the pleadings in the case. The doctrine of caveat emptor applies to all judicial sales of this -character; the purchaser takes only the title which the mortgagor possessed. And here, as a matter of fact, he knew that he was obtaining only a life-estate by his purchase. He so stated at the sale, and frequently afterwards. There is no evidence that either the complainant or Hector Sinclair ever made any representations to the defendant corporation to induce it to buy the property from the purchaser at the sale, or that they made any representations to any one respecting the title, inconsistent with the fact; but, on the contrary, it is abundantly established by the evidence in the record, that from the time they took from the widow the assignment of the bond and mortgage of the Union Potomac Company in 1854, they always claimed to own seven-eighths of the reversion. The assignment itself recited that the widow bad owned, and had sold to that company, a lifeinterest in the property, and that they bad acquired the interest of the heirs.
It is difficult to see where the doctrine of equitable estoppel comes in here. For the application of that doctrine there must generally be some intended deception in the conduct or declarations of the party to be estopped, or such gross negligence on his part as to amount to constructive fraud, by which another has been misled to his injury. "In all this class of cases," says Story, "1the doctrine proceeds upon the ground of constructive fraud' r. of gross negligence,' which in effect implies fraud.

336

BRANT V. VIRGINIA COAL &IRON-Co. ETAL. [Sup. Ct.

And, therefore, when the circumstances of the case repel any such inference, although there may be some degree of negligence, yet courts of equity will not grant relief. It has been accordingly laid down by a very learned judge that the cases on this subject go to this result only, that there must be positive fraud or concealment, or negligence so gross as to amount to constructive fraud." 1 Story's Eq. 391. To the same purport is the language of the adjudged cases. Thus it is said by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, that "the primary ground of the doctrine is, that it would be a fraud in a party to assert what his previous conduct had denied, when on the faith of that denial others have acted. The element of fraud is essential either in the intention of the party estopped, or in the effect'of the evidence which he attempts to set up." .Hill v. Eppley, 31 Penn. St. 334; Henshaw v. Bissell, 18 Wall. 271; Biddle Boggs v. Merced Mining Company, 14 Cal. 368 ; -Davisv. -Davis, 26 id. 23; Commonwealth v. Moltz, 10 Barr, 531; Copeland.v. Copeland, 28 Me. 539; Delaplaine v. Hfitchcock, 6 Hill, 616; Hcavis v. iarohant,1 Curt. C. C. 136; Zuchtmann v. _obert, 109 Mass. 53. And it would seem that to the enforcement of an estoppel of this character with respect to the title of property, such as will prevent a party from asserting his legal rights, and the effect of which will be to transfer the enjoyment of the property to another, the intention to deceive and mislead, or negligence so gross as to be culpable, should be clearly established.
There are undoubtedly cases where a party maybe concluded from aserting his original rights to property in consequence of his acts or conduct, in which the presence of fraud, actual or constructive, is wanting; as, where one of two innocent parties must suffer from the negligence of another, he through whose agency the negligence was occasioned will be held to bear the loss; and where one has received the fruits of a transaction, he is not permitted to deny its validity whilst retaining its benefits. But such cases are generally referable to other principles than that of equitable estoppel, although the same result is produced; thus the first case here mentioned is the affixng of liability upon the party who from negligence indirectly occasioned the injury, -and the second is the application of the doctrine of

Oct. 1876.]

--
THE "JUNIA TA."

ratification -or election. Be this as it may, the general ground

of the application of the principle of equitable estoppel is as we

have stated.

It is also essential for its application with respect to the

title of real property that the party claiming to have been

influenced by the conduct or declarations of another to his

injury was himself not only destitute of knowledge of the

true state of the title, but also of any convenient and availa-

ble means of acquiring such knowledge. Where the condi-

tion of the title is known to both parties, or both have the

same means of ascertaining the truth, there can be no estop-

pel. Crest v. Jack, 3 Watts, 240; _Knouff v. Thompson, 4 Har-

ris, 361.

Tested by these views, the defence of estoppel set up in this

case entirely fails.

The decree of the Circuit Court must be reversed and the

cause remanded for further proceedings in accordance with this

opinion; and it is so

Ordered.

MR. JUSTICE SwAYEit and MR. JUSTICE DAvis dissented.

THE " JUNIATA."

1. The doctrine announced in The Atlas, supra, p. 302, that where an innocent party suffers damages by a collision resulting from the mutual fault of two vissels, only one of which is libelled, the decree should be against such vessel for the whole amount of the damages, and not for a moiety thereof, reaffirmed, and applied to this case.
2. This court will not, in a case of collision, reverse the concurrent decrees of the courts below, upon a mere difference of opinion as to the weight and effect of conflicting testimony. To warrant a reversal, it must be clear that the lower courts have committed an error, and that a wrong has been done to the appellant.

APPEALS from the Circuit Court of the United States for

the District of Louisiana.

Argued by Hr. Assistant Attorney-General Smith and Mr.

Thomas 37 Durant for the libellants, and by Mr. Morton P.

Hfenry for the claimants.

VOL. ii.

22

Oct. 1876.]

UNITED STATES v. Fox.

UNITED STATES V. Fox.
1. By a statute of New York, a devise of lands in that State can only be made to natural persons and to such corporations as are created under the laws of the State and are authorized to take by devise. A devise, therefore, of lands in that State to the government of the Unifed States is void.
2. The several States of the Union possess the power to regulate the tenure of real property within their respective limits, the modes of its acquisition and transfer, tile rules of its descent, and the extent to which a testamentary disposition of it may be exercised by its owners.
ERRoR to the Court of Appeals of the State of New York. In February, 1870, Charles Fox, of the city of New York, died possessed of certain personal and real property situated in the State of New York. By his last will and testament, he devised and bequeathed the whole property, after the payment of his debts, to the government of the United States, for the purpose of assisting to discharge the debt created by the war of the Rebellion. By the government of the United States, the body politic, the nation known as the United States was meant. Upon the petition of the District Attorney of the United States, the will was presented for probate before the Surrogate of the city and county of New York. The infant heirs of the deceased contested the will. The Surrogate decreed that the will was inoperative and void as a devise of real estate; that the United States could not lawfully take and hold the real estate as devisee under the will, in trust or otherwise, and that it descended to the heirs-at-law. He at the same time decided that the will was valid and operative as to the personal estate of the testator, and that the United States was the sole legatee; and accordingly admitted the testament to probate as a will of personal estate only. On appeal from the Surrogate, this decree was affirmed by the Supreme Court, and afterwards by the Court of Appeals of the State. The case was then brought here. 12. Asslstant Attorney- GeneraZ Smith for the United States. 1. Though there is in the Federal Constitution no express delegation of power to accept a devise, it is submitted that the power of acquiring property for public purposes in any part of the country, by all the usual methods known to the law, is an

UNITED STATES V.. Fox.

[Sup. Ot.

essential attribute of the sovereignty of the United States, without which it cannot efficiently exercise its functions. There is no distinction in this respect between real and personal property, or between devises and conveyances. If a State can forbid the government taking by devise, it may forbid its taking by grant.
Marshall, C. J., in his opinion in United States v. lfaurice, 2 Brock. 109, answered the objection that the United States could enter into no contract not previously directed by statute: "The United States is a government, and -consequently a body politic and corporate, capable of attaining the objects for which it was created by the means which are necessary for their attainment. This great corporation was ordained and established by the American people, and endowed by them with great powers for important purposes. Its powers are unquestionably limited; but while within those limits, it is as perfect a government as any other, having all the faculties and properties belonging to a government, with a perfect right to use them freely, in order to accomplish the objects of its institutions. It will certainly require no argument to prove that one of the means by which some of these objects are to be accomplished is contract; the government, therefore, is capable of contracting, and its contracts may be made in the name of the United States."
This court indicated its assent to these propositions in United States v. Tingey, 5 Pet. 128, where it held, "Upon full consideration of the subject, we are of opinion that the United States have such a capacity to enter into contracts. It is, in our opinion, an incident to the general right of sovereignty," &c. It had long before been decided, that, without legislative authority first obtained, suit might be maintained by the United States upon such a contract. " It would be strange to deny to them a right which is secured to every citizen of the United States." Dugan v. United States, 3 Wheat. 181; Cotton v. United States, 11 How. 231. Upon judgments recovered in such suits it is an eieryday occurrence for the United States to seize, hold, and sell land. United States v. Bradley, 10 Pet. 359; United States v. Lynn, 15 id. 311. In 1870, referring to United States v. Tingeq, this court said: "The decision was put upon the ground

Oct. 1876.]

UNITED STATES V. FOX.

that the government had the capacity to make the contract; that the United States were a body politic, and that, as incident to the general right of sovereignty, it was competent to enter into any contract not prohibited by law, and found to be expedient in the just exercise of the powers confided to it by the Constitution. -Duganv. United States, 3 Wheat. 172, was referred to as sustaining this proposition. It was remarked, that a different principle would involve a denial to the general and the State governments of the ordinary rights of sovereignty." United States v. Hfodson, 10 Wall. 407.
Except as involved in the power to borrow money and purchase sites for public works, the power to make contracts is not expressly given by the Constitution, nor is it, in these decisions, placed upon any particular provision of that instrument, but is implied from the existence of a sovereignty to which it is necessarily incident.
There is no express grant of power to take land for public uses by right of eminent domain. For more than three-quarters of our national existence it was exercised only through the assent and agency of the several States. But, though long dormant, it has always existed, and is implied in the very idea of sovereignty. ZKod v. United States, 91 U. S.371 et seg.
By the exercise of the right of eminent domain land is taken for public uses. If this result can be lawfully secured by a process in invitum, it would certainly seem that the United States might also accept land when voluntarily donated or devised. Its power to take and hold land, in order to secure, liquidate, or compromise debts due to it, has been recognized by legislation and judicial decision ever since the early days of the Republic. The validity of the statutes giving priority to such debts is inferred from the clause relating to the payment of the public debt, because this is an appropriate means of accomplishing this object. United States v. isher, 2 Cranch, 396; Metropolitan Bankc v. Tan IDyck, 27 N. Y. 437. The act of July 11, 1798, c. 72, § 15, 1 Stat. 594, gives a lien upon the real estate of public debtors, provides for the sale of it, and defeats the lien of prior judgment creditors. Thelusson v. ,Smith, 2 Wheat. 396; United States v. .Dunean, 4 McLean, 607, and 12 Ill. 223; United States v. Aleehanies' Bank, Gilpin, 51. A

UNITED STATES v. Fox.

LSup. t

similar royal prerogative in England "goes back as far as the period of legal memory." Giles v. Grover, 9 Bing. 128, 192;
ooke v. Henderson, 3 Dev. (N. C.) 17. Thus we see that the government may, with the strong hand, not only take land to erect forts and buildings thereon, but to obtain payment of its dues. Neilson v. Lagow, 12 How. 98108. It not only secures lands by right of eminent domain, by conveyance, by levy and sale under execution, but may also, by conquest or by proceedings in confiscation, acquire them without the assent of the State where they lie. Titus v. United States, 20 Wall. 483; United States v. Huckabee, 16 id. 434; Union Insurance Company v. United States, 6 id. 759. Its power to take and hold lands, either by gift, contract, or force, is not derived from, nor can it be defeated by, State legislation. M31r. James Flynn, contra. 1. New York is a sovereign State (4 Cranch, 209; 3 Cow. 686), and the original owner of the land within her limits. N. Y. Const., art. 1, sect. 11. Except in cases where jurisdiction is ceded, she has the sovereign and only right -o make laws relating to that land (47 N. Y. 467; 4 McLean, 230; 19 Wall. 676 ; 17 Johns. 225 ; 20 How. 558; 5 Pet. 398; 1 Wood. & M. 76-80; 1 Kent, Com. 430); and she has never surrendered the regulation and control of its transmission, by will or devise. 52 N. Y. 534. The validity of a devise, and the capacity or incapacity to devise, depend upon and are governed by the statutes and judicial decisions of the State within which the land is situate. Story on Conflict of Laws, sects. 465-474; Mc ormiek v. Sullivant, 10 Wheat. 192; United States v. Crosby, 7 Cranch, 115; Kerr v. Moon, 9 Wheat. 565-; Boyce v. City of St. Louis, 29 Barb. 650; White v. Howard, 46 N. Y. 144; Levy v. Levy, 33 id. 123, 136, 137; Aicardi v. The State, 19 Wall. 635. The statute under consideration regulates the transmission of lands in New York, and in effect declares that they shall be devised only to such natural persons as are by law capable of holding by devise, or to such corporations as the State has expressly authorized, by charter or by statute, to take by devise. Holmes v. Head, 52 N. Y. 340. In this case, the only question

Oct. 1876.]

UNITED STATES v. Fox.

was as to the meaning of the statute; and it is well settled that this court will follow the construction given to State statutes by the comts of a State where the title to real property is involved. 13 Wall. 306.
2. The United States cannot take by devise. It exists under and by virtue of a written constitution. It has certain specified powers, and such others as are necessary to carry into effect those expressly granted. All other powers are reserved to the States respectively or- to the people. U. S. Const., amend. 10; Story on the Const., sect. 1238; 1 Kent, Com. 251-254. Among its enumerated powers is not that of taking by devise. If it exists, it exists by implication. Te experience of a century in peace and war has demonstrated that the government can exist without the power to take by devise, and that the'right so to take is not necessary to carry into effect any express power. 1 Kent, Com. 254; Story on the Const., sect. 1239.
But if the power to take may be implied, there is no act of Congress authorizing it. That of May 1, 1820, Rev. Stat., sect. 3736, enacts that "No land shall be purchased on account of the United States, except under a law authorizing such purchase."
3. The United States has no common law. 8-Pet. 658. The appellant assumes, however, that certain common-law prerogatives of the king inhere in the United States, and for that reason are not affected by the statutes of New York.
There is no analogy between the position thus assumed and the principle that "the king is not bound by any act of Parliament, unless he be named therein by special and particular words." This principle only extends to the sovereign by or uilder whom the law was enacted. 3 Keyes, 125.
New York is sovereign, except where she has surrendered her sovereignty to the United States. The latter is sovereign for specific purposes; each within its proper sphere is independent of the other. 21 How. 506. The United States claims not by virtue of its own laws, but under a will made in professed pursuance of, and depending for its validity upon, the laws of another sovereignty; and it is as much bound by those laws as any foreign state or nation would be, under the same circum-

UNITED STATES v. Fox.

[Sup. Ot.

stances. Box v. Ohio, 5 How. 410; Mayor of New York v. Miln, 11 Pet. 102; Barker v. The People, 3 Cow. 686.

MR. JUSTICE FIELD, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
The sole question for our consideration in this case is the validity of a devise to the United States of real estate situated in the State of New York. The question is to be determined by the laws of that State. It is not pretended that the United States may not acquire and hold real property in the State, whenever such property is needed for the use of the government in the execution of any of its powers; as, for instance, when needed for arsenals, fortifications, light-houses, customhouses, court-houses, barracks, hospitals, or for any other of the many public purposes for which such property is used. And when the property cannot be acquired by voluntary arrangement with its owners, it may be taken against their will by the United States in the exercise of their power of eminent domain, upon making just compensation, - a power which can be exercised in their own courts, and would always be resorted to, if, through caprice of individuals or the hostility of the State legislature, or other cause, harassing conditions were attached to the acquisition of the required property in any other way. Kohl v. United States, 91 U. S. 367.
The power of the State to regulate the tenure of real property within her limits, and the modes of its acquisition and transfer, and the rules of its descent, and the extent to which a testamentary disposition of it may be exercised by its owners, is undoubted. It is an established principle of law, everywhere recognized, arising from the necessity of the case, that the disposition of immovable property, whether by deed, descent, or any other mode, is exclusively subject to the government within whose jurisdiction the property is situated. McCormiec v. Sullivant, 10 Wheat. 202. The power of the State in this respect follows from her sovereignty within her limits, as to all matters over which jurisdiction has not beein expressly or by necessary implication transferred to the Federal government. The title and modes of disposition of real property within the State, whether intervivos or testamentary, are not matters placed

Oct. 1876.]

UNITED STAm v. Fox.

under the control of Federal authority. Such control would be foreign to the purposes for which the Federal government was created, and would seriously embarrass the landed interests of the State.
Statutes of wills, as is justly observed by the Court of Appeals, are enabling acts, and prior to the statute of 32 Hen. VIII. there was no general power at common law to devise lands. The power was opposed to the feudal policy of holding lands inalienable without the consent of the lord. The English Statute of Wills became a part of the law of New York upon the adoption of her Constitution in 1777; and, with some modifications in its language, remains so at this day. Every person must, therefore, devise his lands in that State within the limitations of the statute or he cannot devise them at all. His power is bounded by its conditions. That statute provides that a devise of lands may be made "to any person capable by law of holding real estate; but no devise to a corporation shall be valid unless such corporation be expressly authorized by its charter or by statute to take by devise."
The term "person" as here used applies to natural persons, and also to artificial persons, - bodies politic, deriving their existence and powers from legislation, -but cannot be so extended as to include within its meaning the Federal government. It would require an express definition to that effect to give it a sense thus extended. And the term "corporation" in the statute applies only to such corporations as are created under the laws of the State. It was-se--held by the Court of Appeals in White v. Howard,46 N. Y. 164, 165, and its construction of the statute is conclusive upon us. A devise to the United States of real property situated in that State is, therefore, void.
-Decreeafflrmed.

VOL. IV.

BowEN v. CHASE.

[Sup. Ot.

against conscience or public convenience, has always refused its aid to stale demands where a party has slept upon his rights, and acquiesced for a great length of time. Nothing can call forth this court into activity but conscience, good faith, and reasonable diligence. Where these are wanting, the court is passive, and does nothing. Laches and neglect are always discountenanced; and, therefore, from the beginning of this jurisdiction there was always a limitation to suits in this court." Smith v. Clay, Ambler, 645.
If the complainants had severally sought to enforce their claim in an action at law, ex delicto or ex contractu, the bar of the Statute of Limitations would have been complete after the lapse of six years. Rev. Stat. of 1857, p. 510.
This bill was filed on the 21st of February, 1871. The complainants were supine and silent for more than seventeen years. In the mean time, the Kennebec and Portland company became hopelessly and finally insolvent, and its affairs a wreck. Proceedings were instituted to foreclose the second mortgage, and brought to a close. The company lost all its property, and has since existed only in name. A new corporation has come into existence, and acquired and owns all the property and effects lost by the old one. This transfer occurred more than seven years before the first step was taken in the present case. This long delay thus characterized is unaccounted for. The facts are amply sufficient to warrant the application of the rule of laches, and to give it the fullest effect.
Decree affirmed.

BowE_ v. CHAsE.
1. A trust, created in order to give a marrie3 woman the separate and exclusive
use of land, free from the control of her husband, will be sustained; by converting it into a legal estate, its purpose would be defeated, as, by virtue of his marital rights, the laud would be placed under his control. So hed, in regard to the effect of certain conveyances of land in New York, set out in the opinion of the court, which were executed in 1827 and 1828 to Michael Werckmeister by Stephen Jumel, upon certain trusts, which limited a life-estate to the separate use of Eliza Brown Jumel, his wife, with a general power of appointment during her lifetime, and, on failure to make such appointment, to her heirs in fee-simple.

Oct. 1876.j

BowEN v. CHASE.

813

2. After the date of those conveyances, the said Eliza, by deed, bearing date Nov. 21, 1828, duly executed, as required by the trust, made an appointment of the land, in the following words, to wit: "Now I, the gaid Eliza Brown Jumel, do hereby direct, order, limit, and appoint that, immediately. after my demise, the said Michael Werckmeister, or his heirs, convey aU and singular the said above-described premises to such person or persons, and to such uses and purposes, as I, the said Eliza Brown Jumel, shall; by my last will and testament,-under my hand, and executed in'the presene of two or more witnesses, designate and appoint, and, for want thereof,. then that he convey the same to my husband, Stephen Jumel, in case he be living, for and during his natural life, subject to an annuity, to be charged thereon, during his said natural life, of six hundred dollars, payable to Mary Jamel Bownes, and, after the death of my said husband, or in case he shall not survive me, then, immediately after my own death, to her, the said Mary Jumel Bownes and her heirs in fee.' Held, that,
after the termination of said Eliza's separate interest for life, the appointment limited the equitable estate in the land, and vested in said Stephen and Mary immediate interests, although they did not take effect in possession until the death of said Eliza, and were subject to be defeated by the exercise of her reserved power of disposing of the land by her last will and testament. 3 The effect of the chapter of the Revised Statutes of New York, touching uses and trusts (1 Rev. Stat. 727), which went into operation Jan. 1, 1830, upon the estates created by the trust and appointment, considered; but, in the view taken by the court of this case, it is not material whether they were, by the statute, turned into legal estates, or remained, as they weie originally, merely equitable in their nature. 4. The appointment in favor of said Mary was a voluntary one; and as said Eliza had a power to lease and a power to convey, assure, and dispose, which latter power manifestly includes a power to sell, not only by the terms used, but, in this trust, by the direction as to the disposition of the purchase-money "in case of an absolute sale," sales of the land to actual purchasers for a valuable consideration were effectual, and superseded the prior appointment in favor of said Mary. It was not necessary to their
validity that said Eliza, in making that appointment, 5hould have expressly reserved a power of revocation. 5. Where the subsequent appointments were voluntary, or.intended merely as means of restoring the property to its original trusts, or of revesting it absolutely in said Eliza, the interest of said Mary, whether it be regarded as a legal or an equitable estate, would not be thereby displaced. 6. Certain appointments, subsequqnt to that in favor of said Mary made by said Eliza, who survived her husband and died intestate in 1865, declared to be voluntary, and for the purpose of revesting the titl-4nsaid Eliza. Bowen, claiming to be her sole heir-at-law, has brought sundry actions of ejectment to recover the land. Said Mary died intestate in 1843. The appellees are in possession of' the land, and claim, as her heirs-at-law, under the appointment in her favor. Held,that they are entitled to relief in a court of equity. If their estate is to be regarded as still an equitable one, their right to such relief is undoulited, no matter where, or in whom, the legal estate may-.be. If, by virtue of the statute, their equitable estate was converted into a legal

BOWEN V. CHASE.

[Sup. Ot.

estate, they have good cause to come into that court for the purpose of removing the cloud upon their title created by the subsequent voluntary appointments and conveyances. 7. That the evidence is merely voluminous or tedious is not sufficient cause for removing a case from a court of law to a court of equity.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York.
The case is stated in the opinion of the court. Argued by 1Mr. H. -E. Sawyer and MIr. L. S. Chatfield for the appellant, and by Mr. James C. Carterfor the appellees.

MR. JUSTICE BRADLEY delivered the opinion of the court. The principal objects of the bill in this case, which was filed in the court below by the appellees, Nelson Chase, Eliza Jumel Pery, and Paul R. G. Pery, her husband, and William I. Chase, were to establish their title to certain lands in the city of New York, known as the Stephen Jumel property, and to enjoin George W. Bowen, the appellant, from prosecuting certain actions of ejectment, one brought by him to recover the property above named, and the others to recover certain lands in Saratoga, belonging to the late Madame Jumel, widow of Stephen Jumel, and claimed by the appellees by way of satisfaction for certain charges against her estate, as well as by conveyance from her supposed heirs, children of a deceased sister. Stephen Jumel was the owner of a lot at the corner of Broadway and Liberty Streets, and of several tracts of land on Harlem Heights, in the upper part of New York City. In 1827 and 1828, by certain mesne conveyances, the greater portion of this property was conveyed to one Michael Werckmeister upon the following trusts, namely: -
"In trust that the said party of the second part (Werckmeister) and his heirs collect and receive the rents, issues, and profits of the said above-described and hereby-conveyed premises, and every part and parcel thereof, and pay over the-same unto Eliza Brown Jumel (the wife of Stephen Jumel, late of the city of New York, now of Paris, in France) or, at her election, suffer or permit her to use, occupy, and possess the said premises, and to have, take, collect, receive, and enjoy the rents and profits thereof, to and for her own separate use and benefit, and to and for such other uses and

Oct. 1876.]

BoWEN v. OHsn.

purposes as the said Eliza Brown Jumel shall please and think fit, at her own free will and pleasure, and not subject to the control or interference of her present or any future husband, and the receipt and receipts of her, the said Eliza Brown Jumel, shall at all times be good and sufficient discharges for such payments, and for such rents and profits to him, the said party of the second part, his heirs, executors, and administrators, and to the person or persons who are or shall be liable to pay the same; and upon this further trust, that the said party of the second part or his heirs lease, demise, let, convey, assure, and dispose of all and singular the said above-described premises, with their and every of their appurtenances, to such person or persons, for such term or terms, on such rent or rents, for such price or prices, at such time or times, to such uses, intents, or purposes, and in such manner and form, as she, the said-Eliza Brown Jumel, notwithstanding her present or any future coverture, as if she were a feme sole, shall, by any instrument in writing, executed in the presence of iny two credible witnesses, order, direct, limit, or appoint; and in case of an absolute sale of said piemisesor of any part thereof, to pay over the purclase-money to the said Eliza Brown Jumel, or invest the same as she shall order and direct; and upon this further trust, upon the decease of the said Eliza Brown Jumel, to convey the said above-described premises, or such parts thereof as-shall not have been previously conveyed by the said party of the second part, or his heirs, and with respect to which no direction or appointment shall be made by the said Eliza Brown Jumel in her lifetime, to the heirs of said Eliza Brown Jumel in,fee-simple; and pay over to the heirs of the said Eliza Brown Jumel such moneyp as -shall remain in the hands or under the control of the said party of the second part or his heirs, arising from collections of the rents and profits. or of the proceeds of the sales of the abovedescribed premises, q~any part thereof."
On the twenty-first day of November, 1828, the said Eliza Brown Jumel, by a deed duly executed as required by the trust, made an appointment of all the lands conveyed in trust, in the
following terms, to wit: -
"Now I, the said Eliza Brown Jumel, do hereby direct, order, limit, and appoint, that, immediately after my demise, the said Michael Werckmeister, or his heirs, convey all and singular the said above-described premises to such person or persons, and to such uses and purposes, as I, the said Eliza Brown Jumel, shall by my last will and testament, under my hand, and executed in the pre&

BOWEN v. OHASE.

[Sup. o.

ence of two or more witnesses, designate and appoint; and for want thereof, then that he convey the same to my husband, Stephen Jumel, in case he be living, for and during his natural life, subject to an annuity, to be charged thereon during his said natural life, of six hundred dollars, payable to Mary Jumel Bownes, and after the death of my said husband, or in case he shall not survive me, then, immediately after my own death, to her, the said Mary Jumel Bownes, and her heirs in fee."

It is on this trust and appointment that the appellees rely as the foundation of their title to what is generally known as the Stephen Jumel estate. Mary Jumel Bownes, the appointee of the residuary estate, was the adopted daughter or proteg6e of Stephen Jumel and Madame Jumel his wife, and the reputed niece of the latter. In 1832, Mary Jumel Bownes became the wife of Nelson Chase, and had by him two children, Eliza Jumel Pery and William I. Chase, appellees in this case. She died in 1843, leaving these children her sole heirs-at-law, in virtue of which they claim title to the estate.
The appellant claims to be an illegitimate son of Madame Jumel, born in 1794, before her marriage with Stephen Jumel; and by virtue of that relationship, and of a statute of New York, passed in 1855, enabling illegitimate children to inherit from their mother, he claims to be her sole heir-at-law. He resists, on various grounds, the claim of Mrs. Chase, and her heirs under the appointment. First, he contends that Madame Jumel took a legal estate in fee-simple by virtue of the trustdeed. But if not, then he contends, secondly, that by certain conveyances and appointments made by Madame Jumel, under the powers contained in the trust-deed, the appointment in favor of Mrs. Chase was displaced, and superseded by other
estates which inured to Madame Jumel. The conveyances and appointments referred to under the
second head are the following: -First, A conveyance to Alexander Hamilton by Werck-
meister, the trustee, at the request and by the appointment of Madame Jumel, dated the tenth day of January, 1884, of ninety-four acres of land at Harlem Heights, for the expressed consideration of $15,000. On the twenty-first day of October, in the same year, this property was reconveyed by Hamilton to

Oct. 1876.]

BOWEN v. CHASE.

the trustee, upon the same trusts declared in the original deed of trust.
Secondly, A conveyance by the trustee, at the instance and appointment of Madame Jumel, made on the twentieth day of August, 1842, to one Francis Phillippon, of a large portion of the estate, for the expressed consideration of $100,000; and a reconveyance of the same property, on the same day, by Phillippon to Madame Jumel in fee, for the expressed condition of one dollar.
Besides these conveyances, in 1850, a lot of thirty-nine acres, being part of the property on Harlem Heights, wa- sold and conveyed to Ambrose W. Kingsland; and, in 1853, another lot of three acres, to Isaac P. Martin: which conveyances are admitted to have been made to. actual purchasers for valuable consideration.
The effect of these various deeds and conveyances is now to be considered. And, first, that of the trust-deeds executed to Werckneister in 1827 and 1828. There were two of these deeds, but the trusts in both were precisely the same.
The limitations of this trust are very clear and plain, being of a life-estate to the separate use of Eliza Brown Jumel (known as Madame Jumel), with a general power of appointment during her lifetime; and, on failure to make such appointment, to her heirs in fee-simple.
The counsel for the appellant contends that this trust amounted to a use of the lands, and that, under the old statute. of uses, and trusts, it operated to vest the legal estate in fee in Madame Jumel. But We think that -the authorities are very clear, that where a trust is thus created for the benefit of a married woman, for the purpose of giving her the separate use and control of lands free from the control of her husband, it will be sustained; since to merge the trust in the legal estate, or, to speak more properly, to convert it into a legal estate, would have the effect of placing the property in the husband's control by virtue of his marital rights, and would thus defeat the very purpose of the trust. -fartonv. Jarton,7 T. R. 658; Cornish on Uses, 59, sect. 6; Rife v. George, 59 Penn. 893.
The legal effect of the appointment made by Madame Jumel, Nov. 21, 1828, we do not regard as any more doubtful
v,.. v52

BOWEN V. CHASE.

[Sup. Ct.

than that of the trust. It was manifestly this, that, subject to Madame Jumel's right of disposing of the lands by will (which right she reserved), and after the termination of her separate interest for life, the equitable estate in the lands was limited to her husband for life, with remainder to Mary Jumel Bo-" aes in fee-simple. This is so obvious as to require no elaboration of argument or discussion. The interests limited to Stephen Jumel for life, and to Mary Jumel Bownes in fee, were immediate vested interests, though to take effect in possession at a subsequent period; namely, at the death of Madame Jumel, and subject to be devested by her reserved power of disposing of the lands by will. The circumstance that the appointment in their favor is, in form, a direction to the trustee to convey to them, does not derogate from the vesting quality of their equitable interests in the mean time. The conveyance would be necessary for the purpose of clothing them .with the legal estate. Stanley v. Stanley, 16 Yes. 507; Phipps v. Ackers, 9 Cl. & Fin. 594; 4 Kent's Com. 204; -Radfordv. Willis, L. R. 12 Eq. Cas. 110; L. R. 7 Ch. App. 11.
The effect of the Revised Statutes of New York upon this trust is next to be considered. The chapter which contains the article on Uses and Trusts (1 Rev. Stat. 727) went into operation on the 1st of January, 1830. By this article all passive trusts were abolished, and the persons entitled to the actual possession of lands, and to the receipt of the rents and profits thereof, in law or in equity, were to be deemed to have the legal estate therein to the same extent as their equitable estate; saving, however, the estates of trustees whose title was not merely nominal, but was connected with lome power of actual disposition or management in relation to the lands. Future trusts were allowed to be created to sell- land for the be iefit of creditors, or to create charges thereon, or to receive the rents and profits, and apply them to the use of any person for life or any shorter term. In construing these provisions, the courts of New York have held that a trust to receive and pay over rents and profits is valid; but that a trust for the use and benefit of the beneficiary, not requiring any action or management on the part of the trustee, except, perhaps, to make conveyances at the direction and appointment of the

Oct. 1876.]

BOWEN v. CHASE.

beneficiary, is not a valid trust within the statute, but inures as a legal estate in the beneficiary. This, we think, is the general result of the cases.. See Leggett v. Perkins,3 Comst. 297; Leggett v. Hunter, 19 N. Y. 454; Wood v. Mather, 38 Barb. 477; Anderson v. Mather, 44 N." Y. 257": Frazer v. Western, 1 Barb. Ch.238.
In applying the principle of these cases to the case before us, we are met by the alternative character of the trust, namely, that the trustee shall either collect and receive the rents and profits, and pay them over to Madame Juvrel, or, at her election, shall permit her to use, occupy, and possess the premises, ancd collect and receive the rents, and profits to her separate use; and, in either case, to convey as she might direct, or to her heirs in case no direction be given. The first of these alternatives, according to the cases, would be a valid trust; but the second is equivalent to nothing more than a mere trust for her use and benefit. During the life of her husband (who died in 1832), it might perhaps be fairly contended that the
existence of the legal estate in the trustee was necessary to protect her in the enjoyment of the property as separate estate free from the control of her husband. But, after-his death, the option of managing the property herself being in her, and not in the trustee, we are inclined to think that the trust became.
a mere passive one, and that the equitable estates were, by the Revised Statutes, converted into legal ones. This view is corroborated by the opinion of Chancellor Walworth, who had before him some questions concerning a portion of the estate in 1839, and who, in relation to Madame Jumel's interest, used this language: "Her equitable interest therein, as cestui que trust, being turned into a legal estate by the provisions of the Revised Statutes;" citing the section above referred to. Jumel v. Jurnel, 7 Paige, 595. It is true, as said by the counsel for the appellees, that the point in question was not necessary to the decision in that case; but the observation shows the impressions of an eminent judge, when the very matter was before his mind, and we have n6t been referred to any New York decisions derogatory to this view of the case.
However, the view which we take of this case will not render it mattrial whether the estates created by the trust and

BOWEN V. CHASE.

[Sup. Ct.

appointment became legal estates, or remained, as they were originally, merely equitable in their nature.
The more material questioi. is as to the effect of the conveyances made by Madame Jumel, and by the trustee in obedience to her direction and appointment subsequent to the death of her husband.
We may dismiss the notion which pervades the argument of the counsel for the appellees, that these conveyances were a fraud upon the appointment made in behalf of Mary Jumel Bownes (or Mrs. Chase). However proper that appointment may have been, considering the relations which the appointee sustained to Mr. Jumel and his wife, as their adopted daughter, it was, nevertheless, only a voluntary one; and the subsequent appointments can in no wise be regarded as frauds upon it. They were, or they were not, such appointments as Madame Jumel still had the power to make, and their effect is to be judged of by the nature of her power, and by that circumstance alone.
It is contended by the counsel for the appellant, that, where several distinct powers are given in the same instrument, the execution of one of these powers superior in dignity to others will supersede and override the latter, though executed first. This is, to a certain extent, true, as shown and explained by Mr. Sugden in his work on Powers, in the passages referred to. The execution, for example, of a power of sale will supersede all other powers, for it must necessarily do so in order to have any effect. Mr. Sugden, in illustrating the rule, says: -

"Thus a power of sale must defeat every limitation of the estate, whether created directly by the deed or through the medium of a power, except estates limited to persons standing in the same situation as the purchaser, for example, a lessee; for the very object of a power of sale is to enable a conveyance to a purchaser discharged of the uses of the settlement, and it is immaterial whether any particular use was really contained in the original settlement, or was introduced into it in the view of the law by the execution of a power contained in it." 2 Sugd. on Powers, 47, 48 (6th ed.).

In the present case there was a power to lease, and a power to convey, assure, and dispose That the latter power included

Oct. 1876.]

BOWEN v. CHASE.

a power to "sell" is not only manifest from the words, but from a subsequent passage of the trust, which directs as to the disposition of the purchase-money "in case of an absolute sale." At the same time, the words are so general as to authorize a disposition in favor of a volunteer, or gratuitous beneficiary. Here, then, ar'e really two distinct powers contained in one clause; and, according to the rules laid down by Mr. Sugden, the power to sell is the superior power, and will override the other power, and supersede it, if previously exercised.
This rule with regard to the relative priority and dignity of different powers in the same instrument, though depending on construction and the presumed intention of the d6nor, is some what analogous to the rule adopted by the courts in construing the act of 27 Elizabeth, respecting fraudulent conveyances. It has been invariably held under that act that a conveyance to a purchaser avoids all prior voluntary conveyances of the same lands; though, as between two voluntary conveyances, or two conveyances to purchasers, the first will take the precedency.
Roberts on Fraud. Cony., pp. 33, 641. So, in regard to double powers, a power to sell or exchange, when exercised, overrides all other distinct powers; for they are necessarily exclusive of all others; whereas the uses appointed under other powers may possibly be served out of the estate procured by the price of the sale, or by the exchange. But when a mere power to convey, as distinguished from a power to sell, is once executed in favor of a voluntary beneficiary, it cannot be revoked without reserving a power of revocati6n, and will not, therefore, be superseded by a subsequent conveyance equally voluntary, made under the same power.
Had the transactions in question been real and effective sales to actual purchasers for valuable consideration, they would an doubtedly have superseded the voluntary appointment in favor of Mary Jumel Bownes. The position of the appellees' counsel, that no subsequent appointment could displace this without having expressly reserved a power of revocation, cannot be maintained, for, as we have seen, a sale does have that effect. There is no doubt, therefore, that the conveyances to Kingsland and Martin were valid and effectual. And the execution of those conveyances cannot be characterized as in any manner

BowEN v. CHASE.

[Sup. Ct.

fraudulent. They were conveyances which Madame Jumel, under her original power of appointment, had a right to make, notwithstanding tha previous appointment in favor of her adopted daughter.
But the conveyances made to Hamilton and Phillippon were of a different character, and seem to have been ihtended merely as means of restoring the property to its original trusts, or of vesting it absolutely in Madame Jumel herself, freed from the said appointment. On this point there can be no dispute, so far as regards the deed to Phillippon. It was a mere formal conveyance, made to enable him to reconvey the property to Madame Jumel. As such it was simply voluntary, and could have no paramount effect over the previous appointment in favor of Mary Jumel Bownes.
The conveyance to Hamilton may admit of more doubt. But looking at the whole transaction, the conveyance and the reconveyance, we cannot avoid the conclusion that it was intended as a means of getting rid of the former appointment. The reconveyance by Hamilton to Wreckmeister was equivalent to a cancellation of the pretended purchase. It was not a sale made by Hamilton to Werckmeister, nor a settlement made by him for any purposes of his own. It was simply a handing back of the property. In our judgment, therefore, the two conveyances amounted to a mere formal transfer and retransfer; and, if any sale was ever intended, it was rescinded by the mutual consent of the parties to it. We are of opinion that this transaction ,did not, any more than that with Phillippon, affect the appointment in question, or the estate of the appointee, whether that estate is to be regarded as a legal or an equitable one.
The next question is as to the title of the appellees to equitable relief for protecting them in the title which they have thus acquired. Madame Jumel died in 1865; and the appellees immediately entered into full possession of all the property in question, both that which was derived from Stephen Jumel and that which is conceded to have been the proper estate of Madame Jumel; and they have been in possession ever since. The appellant, by his several actions of ejectment, seeks to deprive them of that possession. With regard to the Stephen Jumel property, the title to which we have been considering, and which

-Oct. 1876.]

BcWEN V. CIASE.

the appellees claim under and by virtue 'of the said trust and appointment, it is apparent that, if the estate which they thus acquired is to be regarded as still an equitable estate, their right to the protertion of " court of equity is undoubted, no matter where, or in whom, the legal estate may be, - whether in the heirs of Werckmeister, the trustee, or in the heirs of Madame Jumel by virtue of the conveyances above referred to. On the other hand, if, by virtue of the Revised Statutes, the equitable estate of the appellees became converted into a legal estate, they would still have good cause to come into a court of equity for the purpose of removing the cloud upon their title created by the subsequent appointments and conveyances to Hamilton and Phillippon. These instruments on their face purport to be conveyances to purchasers, setting forth pecuniary considerations to a large amount, and,, by themselves, would import such a disposition of the lands conveyed as would defeat the appointment made in favor of Mrs. Chase. It is only by bringing them into juxtaposition w'th the sequent transactions in each case respectively, - that is to say, by the introduction of supplemental evidence, - that they are shown to be ineffective. In view of these considerations, and of the fact that the whole title involves the true construction of the trust and the power of appointment, and the further fact that Madame Jumel was in full possession of the property, using and treating'it as her own absolute estate until her death, the appellees were perfectly justified in coming into a court of equity to have these conveyances declared void and ivithout effect.
To this extent we think they are entitled to a decree, including also a decree for a 'perpetual injunction against the appel-. lant prohibiting him from prosecuting any action or suit for
the recovery of the lanI.s embraced in the appointment made in favor of Mary Jumel Bownes, by the deed of appointment executed by Eliza B. Jiumel, and bearing date the twenty-first day of November, 1828.
As to the residue of the relief prayed for, - namely, that
the appellees should have the lands and real estate of which Madame Jumel indisputably died seised in fee-simple appropriated to them in satisfaction of the supposed frauds committed by her against the trust, and of the engagements which she is

BowEN v. CHASE.

[Sup. CL

supposed to have made to settle her estate, or a portion thereoft upon Eliza Jumel Chase, in consideration of her marriage with Mr. Pery, - we are unable to perceive any valid ground for granting the prayer of the bill. If there were no other objections to the decree sought in this behalf, we cannot agree with the
counsel of the appellees, that any such fraud as is supposed was practised, or, if attempted, that the attempt was successful ; and we fail to see any thing in the proofs adduced with regard to the negotiations of the said marriage sufficient to sustain such a decree.
Nor do we think that the nature of the litigation created by the actions of ejectment, the character and amount of the evidence, or the number of suits, is such as to lay the foundation for the assumption of the entire controversy by a court of equity. Supposing the relationship of the appellant to Madame Jumel to be such as he pretends it is, there does not seem to be any unnecessary multiplication of actions. All the property in the city of New York is included in one suit, and the actions in Saratoga are brought against the several tenants in possession. The power of the courts of law to consolidate actions depending between the same parties, and upon the same questions in controversy, is probably sufficient to prevent any practical inconvenience not inherent in the case itself. If the evidence is merely voluminous or tedious, that circumstance is not sufficient cause for removing a case from a court of law to a court of equity.
The claim made by the appellees to recover from the appellant the sum of $2,500, procured by him by way of compromise from a grantee of Mr. Chase, is, in our opinion, utterly groundless.
bZecree reversed, and cause remanded with directions to enter a decree in conformity with this opinion.

TATE v. NORTON.

[Sup. Ct.

TATE v. NORTON.
1. In Arkansas, the real as well as the personal estate of the intestate is assets in the bands of an administrator; but neither species of property can be sold without an order of the Probate Court.
2. A claim admitted by the administrator, and allowed and classified by the Probate Court, has the dignity and effect of a judgment.
8. There can be no devastauit which will sustain an action against an administrator until be has violated an order of the Probate Court to pay creditors; and his accounts settled by that court cannot be collaterally attacked, but are conclusive, until, by a direct proceeding in equity instituted for that purpose, they are impeached for fraud or mistake.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Arkansas.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
Submitted on printed arguments by .Mr. W. H. Rose and H1r. A. ff. Garlandfor the appellants, and by Jfr. Albet Pike and Mr. Robert W. Johnson for the appellees.
MR. JUSTICE SWAYKE delivered the opinion of the court. A brief statement of the facts of this case is necessary to render intelligible the conclusions at which we have arrived. Joseph W. Clay, of the State and county of Arkansas, died intestate in May, 1853. He left a widow, Sarah G. Clay, since deceased, and three minor children, - Joseph W. Clay, also since deceased; Mary S. Clay, slice married to Thomas G. Tate; and Caroline Clay, since married to Raynor W. Whitfield. The four parties last named are the appellants. Thomas Fletcher, the brother of the widow, was appointed by the Probate Court of the proper county administrator of the estate, and qualified as such in July, 1853. Immediately after qualifying he took possession of all the property which belonged to the intestate at the time of his death. It consisted of lands, stock, farming utensils, slaves, and a small amount of money. The value of the lands at that time does not appear. The appraisers estimated the other property at $129,445.54. The slaves were an important item. They were inventoried at $113,400, leaving the balance of other assets $16,045.54. The indebtedness of the estate represented by the claims pre.

Oct. 1876.]

TATE v. NORTON.

1747

sented and allowed by the administrator amounted to $103, 436.62. According to the law of Arkansas, the widow was entitled to the p6ssession and use for life of one-third of the lands and of one-third of the slaves, irrespective of the claims of creditors. She was also invested with the absolute ownership of one-third of the personal property.
The condition of the estate as regards the means of meeting its liabilities is thus clearly presented. It requires no argument to show that forced sales by the administrator to pay the debts would have involved disaster, if not ruin, to the family of the deceased. Such is the teaching of all experience. The intestate had been largely engaged in raising cotton. The administrator put hbimself, as it were, in the place of the deceased. Every thing was carried on and conducted as before his death. Payments were made to the widow from time to time, the children were supported and educated, the taxes were paid, crops were raised, the cotton was sold, and the debts were discharged as fast as the circumstances permitted.
In 1855, the legislature passed a law whereby the probate courts were empowered to authorize administrators to do as the administrator in this case did, provided that the time limited for the settlement of estates, which was three years, should not be extended. The administrator here claims that he received such authority pursuant to this act. This. fact does not appear. But it does appear that he made five full settlements with the Probate Court, - the first one in 1855 and the last in 1870. The accounts are in the record. They exhibit all his receipts and disbursements, and fully the manner in which he was discharging the duties of the trust. It does not appear that exception was taken by or in behalf of those concerned, nor that the Probate Court interposed any cheek or objection. The administrator made no charge for compensation, and was allowed none. By the year 1858 he had paid nearly all the debts. Before the late civil war began he had paid them all but the debt upon which this suit is founded.
The commencement of the war was the beginning of the troubles of the trust. The State was a battle-field. Troops on -both sides were there. The slaves were sent to Texas for safety. The mules and other live-stock were swept away by

TATE V. NORTON.

[Sup. 0t.

the advancing and receding tides of the conflict. The lands hardly paid the expenses of cultivating them. Finally the slaves as property were stricken out of existence. This involved a loss to the estate, according to the original inventory, of more than $113,000 of the assets. The administrator became wholly unable to pay this debt. The answer avers, that, but for the war, he could, by the year 1863, have extinguished this demand also, and have then handed over to the heirs a large and unincumbered estate for distribution among them. The record shows that this was not an over-sanguine calculation. The calamity was unforeseen, and one for which the admiinistrator was not responsible. The claim sought to be collected by this proceeding was an account due from the intestate to Sweeney, Greene, & Co. They became insolvent, and assigned it to Hewitt, Norton, & Co. They also became insolvent, and assigned it to the creditors for whose benefit this suit was instituted. The object of the bill is to subject the lands of the intestate to the payment of the debt. It is alleged that all the other assets have been exhausted.
It appears in this connection, that, after the claim was assigned to Hewitt & Co., they became the factors of the administrator for the sale of the cotton which he should raise, and furnished him with money and supplies to carry on the business in which he was engaged for the benefit of the estate. It
was agreed that the accounts of the parties should be settled annually, and that the balances found due upon such settlements to the administrator should be applied as credits upon the assigned indebtedness. This was done, until the dealings of the parties were put -an end to by the war. For several years thereafter the administrator rented out the lands. Whether leased out or cultivated, they yielded but little. There being no prospect of the voluntary payment of the original debt, the complainants filed their bill, as before stated, to enforce its liquidation.
The appellants filed an answer and a cross-bill. They set up, amongst other things, that the accounts of the dealings between .the complainants and the administrator contained overcharges in behalf of the former; that the proper credits had not been given on the original debt; that the conduct of

Oct. 1876.]

TATE V. NORTON.

the administrator in the management of the estate was unwarranted and illegal; that he was guilty of a devastavit; and that the entire proceeds of the cotton transmitted by the administrator to the complainants should have been applied by the latter in satisfaction of the original debt of the estate. The accounts and the original demand were referred to a master. He revised the accounts, allowed further credits, and ascertained the amount still due. Both parties excepted. The exceptions were overruled. The court adopted the finding of the master as to the amount due upon the demand in question, decreed that it should be paid within the time specified, and that in the event of default the lands described in the bill should be sold as directed, and the proceeds applied as prayed by the complainants.
The appellants thereupon removed the case to this court ior review. '
Our- further remarks will respond to the several objections withoat naming them specifically, taken here to the decree below.
The power of courts of equity in this class of cases is ample. Their flexible jurisdiction is always applied as the substantial interests of right and justice may require. Rook v. Payne, 7 Wall. 425; Yates v. Hambly, 3 Atk. 363; s. P. 2 id. 263; Thompson v. Brown, 4 Johns. (N. Y.) Ch. 631.
The conduct of the administrator in the present case, though without the sanction of strict law, did not involve a violation of duty for which a court of equity will hold him responsible, nor the commission of a devastavit.
In Thompson v. Brown, supra, the intestate had been a member of a trading firm. The administrator permitted his capital to remain in the concern. He also put in other capital belong. ing to the estate. The survivors failed, and became insolvent. It was sought to make the administrator liable for both the capital which he left in and that which he put in. In an able and learned examination of the subject by Chancellor Kent, he was held bound for the latter, but not for the former. In his opinion, the Chancellor remarked: "It is said that a court of equity will sometimes appoint a person to carry on a trade for an infant partner. Montague on Partnership, 187, and Sayer v. Bennet,

TATE V. NORTON.

[Sup. Ct.

there cited. 'And Lord Mansfield, in the case of Barker v. Parker, 1 T. R. 295, observed, that he remembered many instances of trade being carried on under the direction of a court of equity." See also WFedderburne v. Wedderburne, 22 Beav. 84, and Ryves v. Coleman, 3 Atk. 489. In Thompson v. Brown, the Chancellor quoted with approbation the language of Lord Hardwicke, in Knight v. The Earl of Plymouth, 3 Atk. 480, Dickens, 120, as follows: "If there was no mala fides, nuthing wilful in the conduct of the trustee, the court will always favor him. For a trust is necessary in the concerns between man and man, and which, if faithfully discharged, is attended with no small degree of trouble and anxiety. It is an act of great kindness in any one to accept of it. To add hazard or risk to that trouble, and to subject a trustee to losses which he could not foresee would be a manifest hardship, and would be deterring every one from accepting so necessary an office." The same rule was applied by this court in 0lfarkey et al. v. Langley et al., 92 U. S. 142.
A clearer case for the application of this principle can hardly occur than is presented by the one before us. Throughout the record there is not the slightest imputation, nor apparent ground for any imputation, against the administrator. Even a want of care, diligence, or good judgment is not alleged. His management was eminently successful, until the war occurred. That could neither be foreseen nor averted. It fell with crushing weight upon him. His plan for the redemption of the estate was at once broken up. The means of prosecuting it further were -inally lost. In the wreck, nothing was left but the lands, and they without the means of turning them to any account. To hold him responsible for these e6nsequences would be alike contrary to the dictates of reason and justice, and to the settled law of equity. Remonstrance or objection from any quarter, until after the institution of this suit, is nowhere disclosed. In the light of this record, nothing that he did can be lawfully challenged.
According to the laws of Arkansas, there can be no devastavit which will sustain an action until an order to pay creditors has been made by the Probate Court, and violated by the administrator. Oatlaw v. Yell, 5 Ark. 478; G(ordonv. The State,

Oct. 1876.]

TATE V. NORTON.

11 id. 12; BBaker v. Te State, 21 id. 405; Brinkley v. Willis, 22 id. 6. Here no such order is shown. .De non apparentibus et de non existentibus eadem est ratio. In that State, a claim allowed by the administrator, and allowed and classified by the Probate Court, has the dignity and effect of a judgment. Gould's Dig., c. 4, sect. 115; Cossit v. Biscoe, 12 Ark. 95; MeMorrin v. Overholt, 14 id. 244. Such was the status of the claim here in question.
No discrimination is made by the law of that State between real and personal property as assets. Both are in the hands of the administrator, under his control, and liable to be subjected to the payment of debts. Neither can be sold, unless the will of the testator or an order of the Probate Court so direct. Dig. Stat. of Ark., 1848, sect. 62, c. 4; id., p. 122, sect. 96, c. 4.
The accounts of an administrator settled by the Probate Court cannot be collaterally attacked or questioned. They are conclusive, until impeached for fraud or mistake in a direct proceeding in equity, instituted for that purpose. Dig., sect. 111, c. 4; Clarke v. Shelton, 16 Ark. 480; Dooley v. Dooley, 14 id. 124.
Henry Paige acquired the entire interest in the estate of Joseph W. Clay, Jr., deceased, in his lifetime, by proceedings in bankruptcy. Paige made himself a paity to the suit by ob-
taining leave to file an answer. The answer does not appear in the record; but that does not render the entry of his appearance the less effectual.
The debt was sufficiently proved as. against the heirs, as well as against the administrator. The action of the Probate Court gave it the effect of a judgment as to both. The amount due upon it was found by the master. The correctness of that finding was not questioned here by the counsel for the appellants.
The exhaustion of all the assets except the lands is clearly shown by the record. The accounts of the administrator, as settled by the Probate Court, cover this ground. In the state of the record they are conclusive. There is also proof of the original amount of the debts and assets, of the amount of the former which had been paid, and of the loss of assets by the manumission of the slaves. In this view, also, it is clear

TATE v. NORTON.

[Sup. Ct.

there could have been no personal assets in the hands of the

administrator.

The validity of the administrator's dealings with the com-

plainants has been already sufficiently considered.

The administrator was a trustee for the creditors, as well .as

for the heirs and distributees. Payne v. Hook, supra; Baker

v.. Grimes, 21 Ark. 405; Brinkley v. Willis, 22 id. 6. The

administration of the estate was in progress. There had been

no order by the Probate Court that the debts should be paid and

a final settlement made. The administrator had done nothing

in hostility to the claim. On the contrary, besides allowing it,

he had made payments upon it from time to time. The Statute

of. Limitations can have no application.

The assignment by Sweeney, Greene, & Co. to the complain-

ants is admitted by the answers of Tate and wife, and by that

of the administrator. The evidence on the subject was not

objected to in the court below, and, therefore, cannot be ob-

jected to here. The assignment could have been well made by

parol. Ford v. Stewart, 19 Johns. (N. Y.) 844. The point

was not made before the master, when he found the amount

due, nor, so far as appears otherwise, in the court below. The

report was excepted to by the appellants, but not upon any

ground affecting this subject.

The assignment was made in New Orleans, and appears to

have been according to the law of Louisiana. Morgan's Code,

sect. 2288; Griffin v. Cowan, 15 La. Ann. 488; Scott v.

iHte.Dougall,14 id. 810 ; Dennison v. Duplissis, 12 La. 9.

It rested in the discretion of the court to order the sale of

the whole or of a part of the lands. It is not shown that the

sale of less than the whole will yield a sum sufficient to meet

the requirements of the decree. Error is never to be presumed:

it must be made clearly to appear. The execution .of the de-

cree will be under the control of the court below; and care

will doubtless be taken that no wrong in this respect is done to

the appellants.

Decree affirmed.

