Oct. 1877.]

MITCHELL V. MOORE.

right conferred upon the officer to enter the building or place of business of another in such a case is strictly limited to a building or place of business in which articles or objects subject to taxation are, at the time of the proposed entry and examination, made, produced, or kept, and that paid bank-checks, unless it is alleged and proved that they were not duly and sufficiently stamped at the time they were made, signed, and issued, are riot articles or objects subject to taxation within the meaning of the act of Congress on which the information is founded. Nothing is admitted by the demurrer except what is well pleaded in the information; and inasmuch as the only charge of the information in that regard is that paid bankchecks were then and there kept in the said building or place of business described, the court is of the opinion that the information does not set forth any legal offence against the defendant, as defined by the said act of Congress.
Judgment affirmed.

MITCHELL v. MOORE.
1. A trustee residing in Alabama during the rebellion, who kept no separate accounts of the trust fund, but invested it in his own name, cannot charge it with the losses lie sustained from payments made to him in Confederate money.
2, Where the allegations of a bill charging a breach of trust, and praying for an account by the trustee, the payment of the amount found due, his removal, and general relief, are sustained by the proofs, - Held, that the appointment of a new trustee, and the decree for the payment to him of the principal of the fund, is necessary to carry into full effect an order for the removal of the old trustee.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Alabama.
In November, 1873, Catharine Moore, by L. D. Moore, her husband and next friend, filed her bill against Daniel Mitchell, her trustee, charging him with neglect in the execution of his trust, and with loss of the fund.
This trust was created by James Mitchell, her father, who, by will, appointed said Daniel and one Baskin his executors, and bequeathed to them a negress and her child, in trust for

MITCHELL V. MOORE.

[Sup. Ct.

Catharine. The hire of these was to be paid to her annually; and if the executors should deem it proper to sell the slaves, then the interest on the purchase-money was to be paid annually to her. The fifth item provides, in case she should survive her husband, the slaves were to be delivered to her, or, if they were sold, the purchase-money was to be paid to her.
The will further provides that the executors shall sell the real estate of the testator, the proceeds to be equally distributed among the children named in the will. " The share of Catharine to be held in trust by my executors, and the interest accruing annually to be paid to Catharine, as specified in the fifth item, and finally disposed of in the same manner as the property directed in the fifth item."
James Mitchell died in Sumter County, Alabama, in 1856, and immediately thereafter the executors qualified under the will.
The bill avers that there was a large amount due her for the hire of the slaves, and that the executors, on a settlement with the Probate Court, were charged with the sum of $9,204.60, which, divided into shares according to the will, left them indebted to the complainant in the amount of $1,150.54; that they have neglected for the past eleven years to pay interest, and mingled the fund with their own, and used it, to her great loss; that Baskin resides beyond the jurisdiction of the court; and that said Daniel had "almost if not the exclusive management of the trust and the property created thereby."
The prayer is that the trust be established, and an account taken of what is due for principal and interest; that the trustees be removed; and that Mitchell "may be decreed to pay to your oratrix whatever she may be found entitled to under said trust."
Tro this is added a prayer for general relief. An amended bill avers that the executors had sold the slave girl and her child before the late war, and had never accounted for the hire or the purchase-money. The answer sets forth that said Daniel accepted the trust purely for the accommodation of his sister, the complainant, and by agreement with his father was not to charge any

Oct. 1877.]

MITCHELL V. MOORE.

compensation for his services; that he never received or made any claim therefor; and that by this agreement he was not to be charged with any loss in the execution of the trust, if he should manage it as he did his own affairs.
It admits the sale of the negress and her child in July, 1856, for the-sum of $1,375.25, and avers that up to 1862 said Daniel accounted annually for the interest thereon ; that payment was not subsequently made, as there was no communication during the war between Alabama and Texas, in which latter State his sister then resided; and that the money was loaned out on good security, and was during the war paid to him in Confederate money, then the only currency. It further avers that "all of the said money, together with a large sum owned by defendant, became valueless and lost to him;" that the complainant's distributive share, $1,150.54, was loaned out on good security, and the interest thereon annually paid up to 1862; and that the amount due on the loan was paid to him in March, 1863, in Confederate currency, which at that time was worth three and a half for one in United States currency.
A decree was rendered against Mitchell, removing him as trustee, and adjudging that he pay the principal to a new trustee.
Mitchell appealed to this court, assigning for error the ruling of the court below that he was liable for the amount decreed against him, and that the principal amount be paid to a new trustee.
The remaining facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
Hr. Philip Pdillips for the appellant. 31r. Conwayl Robinson and 31r. Leigh Robinson, contra.

M1n. C aEr JUSTICE WAITE delivered the opinion of the court.
There can be no doubt that the trust fund in this case was always used by the defendant as his own, and that all invest ments were made by him in his own name, with nothing whatever to indicate an appropriation to the purposes of the trust. When inquired of by the complainant in October, 1860, in respect to the trust, the defendant wrote: "If you will be contented I will fix your money so that you can see it any instant. But as the time is now, it is in a better fix now than

MITCHELL V. MOORE.

[Sup. Ct.

it would be if you bad it." In his deposition, taken in his own behalf, when upon cross-examination he was required to make a full, complete, and detailed statement of his execution of the trust, he said: "I kept no separate account of the trust fund after it came into my hands. I accounted for the annual interest to the agent of the complainant, and was ready to pay over the principal in the event of the death of A. L. D. Mkfoore, which was the time fixed by the will of my father for me to pay over to my sister the corpus of the trust. I thought this was all I was required to do, and, therefore, kept no separate and distinct accounts of the trust fund, and cannot give the dates of the loans, or other particulars inquired about... When necessary, I put some of my own funds with it to make out the sum a borrower might wish to get, and kept no separate accounts of it, and can furnish none."
Under these circumstances, clearly the defendant is in no condition to charge the trust with the losses he has sustained from payments to him in Confederate money. As long ago as 1681, it was said in argument, and approved by the then Lord Chancellor of England, in Dashwood v. Blwall, 2 Ch. Cas. 56, that "if an executor hath orphan's or other men's money in his hands, and hath power to lend it, if he do so, and take security in his own name, which faileth, he shall answer the debt in his own money, unless that he indorse the bond, or do some other thing, at the time of lending the money or taking the security, which may doubtless declare the truth," and this because "heed was to be taken that we make not such examples under which dishonest men may shelter themselves." If this were not the rule, it was also said, "It will be in the power of one who deals for several persons and for himself also, taking security by bond in his own name, if any of the debts fail, to gratify whom be pleaseth with good securities, yea, himself, and play the securities, good or bad, into his own hands, or what he pleaseth." Thus were set forth in the language of the time a rule, and the reason of it, by which courts of equity have universally required trustees to account; and it can never be departed from, without danger that wrong will be done. Massey v. Banner,4 Madd. 413; Wren v. Kirton, 11 Ves. Jr. 377; MeAllister v. The Commonwealth, 80 Pa. St. 536; Stanley's Appeal, 8 id. 431.

Oct. 1877.]

GIVEN V. HILTON.

This disposes of the first assignment of error. There is no dis-

pute as to the amount of the trust fund, and no complaint is made

of the rate of interest for which the defendant has been decreed

to account, if he is liable to account at all.

The second assignment of error is to the effect that the court

could not direct the payment of the principal sum to a new

trustee, because such a decree was inconsistent with the specific

relief prayed for. The prayer is for an aocount, the removal

of the old trustees, the payment to the complainant of th5

money she is entitled to, and for general relief. There is no

specific prayer for the appointment of a new trustee, or the

payment of the principal of the fund to him when appointed;

but such relief is necessary, in order to carry into full effect an

order for the removal of the old trustees.

SDecree affirmed.

GrVEN v. HILTON.
1. Where the intent of a testator to make a complete disposition of all his property is manifest throughout his will, its provisions should be so construed, if they reasonably may, as to carry that intent into effect.
2. While an apparent general intent cannot control his particular directions plainly to the contrary, or enlarge dispositions beyond their legitimate meaning, it is of weight in determining what he intended by particular devises or bequests that may admit of an enlarged or a limited construction.
8. The rule in the construction of wills, where certain things are enumerated, that a more general description, which is coupled with the enumeration, is commonly understood to cover only things ejusden generis with the particular things mentioned, rests on a mere presumption, easily rebutted by any thing which shows that the larger subject was in fact in the testator's view.
4. The will in this case construed, and hdd, 1. That the testator intended to dispose of his entire estate, and not to die intestate as to any portion of it. 2. That his direction to his executors to sell all his estate not otherwise devised and bequeathed was intended to secure a complete conversion, to all intents, of his entire property into personal estate. 3. That, with the exception of the lot devised, his entire estate, both real and personal, after the payment of his debts and of the legacies prior to that given to the residuary legatee, passed to the latter.
APPEAL from the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. The bill in this case was filed by John Emory Hilton and eertain other heirs-at-law and next of kin of John P. Hilton,

Oct. 1877.] OULD V. WASHINGTON HOSPITAL, ETC.

"The judge did not undertake to fix the value of the barge,

but merely referred to the proof relating to it, and said the

jury would be justified in finding accordingly." There could

be no misunderstanding by the jury after this explanation.

3. If there was an error in this respect, it was quite harmless.

It fixed for the jury, upon the assumption claimed, the sum

required by the testimony to be found. There was no con-

flicting evidence on the subject. There are no circumstances

which would justify any finding for a less sum than that indi-

cated by the judge. It was the absolute duty of the jury,

upon the evidence, to find not less than that named sum if

they found for the plaintiff, and a different verdict might have

been set aside as against the evidence. A verdict, under these

circumstances, will not be disturbed by an error of this char-

acter. Corning v. Troy Iron and Nail Factory, 44 N. Y. 577.

Upon the whole case, we are of the opinion that the record

shows no error.

Judgment affirmed.

OULD V. WASHINGTON HOSPITAL FOR FOUNDLINGS.
1. A., by his last will and testament, admitted to probate June 22, 1864, devised certain lots of ground in the District of Columbia to two trustees, "and the survivor of tihem, and the heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns of such survivor, in trust, nevertheless, and to and for and upon the uses, intents, and purposes following, that is to say: In trust to hold the said lots of ground, with the appurtenances, as and for a site for the erection of a hospital for foundlings, to be built and erected by any association, society, or institution that may hereafter be incorporated by an act of Congress as and for such hospital, and upon such incorporation, upon further trust to grant and convey the said lots of ground and trust estate to the corporation or institution so incorporated for said purpose of the erection of a hospital, which conveyance shall be absolute and in fee. Provided,nevertheless, that such corporation shall be approved by my said trustees, or the survivor of them, or their successors in the trust; and, if not so approved, then upon further trust to hold the said lots and trust estate for the same purpose, until a corporation shall be so created by act of Congress which shall meet the approval of the said trustees or the survivor or successors of them, to whom full discretion is given in this behalf, and, upon such approval, in trust to convey as aforesaid; and I recommend to my said trustees to select an institution which shall not be under the control of any one religious sect or persuasion; and, until such conveyance, I direct the taxes, charges, and assessments, and all necessary expenses of, for, and upon said lots, and every

OULD V. WASHINGTON HOSPITAL, ETC. [Sup. t
one of them, to be paid by my executors, as they shall from time to time accrue and become due and payable, out of the residue of my estate." The Washington Hospital for Foundlings was incorporated by an act of Congress, approved April 22, 1870 (16 Stat. 92) ; and, on the 4th of April, 1872, the trustees under the will conveyed said lots to that corporation in fee. Reld, 1. That the devise is not invalid for uncertainty, or because it creates a perpetuity. 2. That the provision touching a conveyance by the trustees whenever Congress should create a corporation for foundlings which they approved was only a conditional limitation of the estate vested in them. 3. That the duty with which they were charged was an executory trust, and their conveyance was necessary to and did pass the title. 2. The statute of 43 Eliz., c. 4, was purely remedial and ancillary. It was never in force in the District of Columbia; and the validity of charitable endowments, and the jurisdiction of courts of equity over them, do not depend upon it. 3. The doctrine of charitable uses and trusts discussed, and the authorities bearing upon it cited and approved.
EIuoR to the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. This is an action of ejectment by the plaintiffs in error, who were plaintiffs below, to recover fourteen lots of ground, being part of square numbered two hundred and seven in the city of Washington. The defendant pleaded not guilty. The case was tried upon the following agreed statement of facts: The defendant, the Washington Hospital for Foundlings, admits,First,That Joshua Peirce, late of the District of Columbia, died on the eleventh day of April, 1869. Second, That he died seised of the real estate set forth and described in the plaintiffs' declaration. Third, That the plaintiffs, Elizabeth C. Ould, Elizabeth C. Beardsley, Samuel Simonton, Abner P. Simonton, David S. Simonton, John E. Simonton, Hannah P. Jackson, Eliza F. Tibbetts, Abner C. P. Shoemaker, and Peirce Shoemaker, are the heirs-at-law, and the only heirs-at-law, of said Peirce. The plaintiffs admit, First, That said Peirce, on the fifteenth day of October, 1867, duly executed his last will and testament, commencing as follows: -
"I, Joshua Peirce, of the county of Washington, in the District of Columbia, do make this my last will and testament in manner and form following."

Oct. 1877.] OULD V. WASHINGTON HOSPITAL, ETC.

That following this is a revocation of other wills, then a provision for the payment of debts, then several specific devises, and then the fourteenth item, in the following words: -

"Fourteenth, I give, devise, and bequeath all those fourteen cer-

tain lots or pieces of ground, part of sauare numbered two hundred

and seven, situate between R and S Streets north and Fourteenth

and Fifteenth Streets west, in the said city of Washington, in the

District of Columbia; which lots are numbered from number twenty-

four to number thirty-seven, inclusive, on a certain plan of subdivi-

sion of the said square, registered and recorded in the surveyor's

office for the said city, in liber W F, folio 211, and are situate on

the east side of the said Fifteenth Street, at the distance of one

hundred and sixty feet northward from the north side of the said

R Street north, containing together in front on the said Fifteenth

Street west one hundred and thirty feet, and in depth eastward

between parallel lines two hundred and ninety-four feet and a half

inch, more or less, to Johnson Avenue (including in the said depth

a twenty-feet-wide alley, laid out through the middle of the said

lots), to my friends, William Mt. Shuster and William H. Clagett,

both of the said city of Washington, and the survivor of them, and

the heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns of such survivor,

in trust, nevertheless, and to, for, and upon the uses, intents, and

purposes following, that is to say: In trust to hold the said fourteen

lots ofground with the appurtenances as and for a site for the erection

of a hospital for foundlings, to be built and erected by any associa-

tion, society, or institution that may hereafter be incorporated by

an act of Congress as and for such hospital, and upon such incorpo-

ration upon further trust to grant and convey the said lots of ground

and trust-estate to the corporation or institution so incorporated for

the said purpose of the erection of a hospital, which conveyance

shall be absolute and in fee: Provided, nevertheless, that such

corporation shall be approved by my said trustees, or the survivor

of them, or their successors in the trust; and, if not so approved, then

upon further trust to hold the said lots and trust-estate for the same

purpose, until a corporation shall be so created by act of Congress,

which shall meet the approval of the said trustees, or the survivor

or successors of them, to whom full discretion is given in this behalf;

and, upon such approval, in trust to convey as aforesaid; and I

recommend to my said trustees to select an institution which shal

not be under the control of any one religious sect or persuasion;

and, until such conveyance, I direct the taxes, charges, and assess-

VOL. V.

20

OULD V. WASHINGTON HOSPITAL, ETC.

[Sup. CO.

ments, and all necessary expenses of, for, and upon the said lots, and every one of them, to be paid by my executors, as they shall from time to time accrue and become due and payable, out of the residue of my estate."
That following this is a devise of the "rest, residue, and remainder" of the testator's estate, "real and personal, including his estate called Linnaean Hill," in trust to trustees for the use of the testator's wife's nephew in tail with a devise 'over.
Second, That on the twenty-second dby of June, 1869, the said will was duly proved and admitted to probate in the Orphans' Court of the District of Columbia.
Third, That on the twenty-second day of April, 1870, Congress passed an "Act for incorporating a hospital for foundlings in the city of Washington," 16 Stat. 92; and that on the fourth day of April, 1872, said Shuster and Clagett, trustees, conveyed the property described in the declaration and the above fourteenth item of the will to the defendant, so incorporated in conformity with the directions of the testator.
The court below found for the defendant, whereupon the plaintiffs brought the case here.
Mr. Benjamin F. Butler and Mr. 0. D. Barrett, for the plaintiffs in error.
The devise was not an immediate gift to a charity, but an executory devise for charitable purposes. 8 Greenl. Cruise on Real Prop. 444, sects. 1, 2; 2 Redfield on Vills, c. 2, sect. 17; Williams on Real Prop. 290, 291; Powell on Devises, 250, 287; Nightingale v. Burrell, 15 Pick. (Mass.) 104.
It is therefore governed by the same rules as to perpetuities as are executory devises for any other purpose, and is -void, as at the death of the testator a possibility existed that it might not vest in the prescribed corporation within twentyone years, or, at furthest, a life or lives in being and twentyone years. 1 Jarman on Wills, 283; 2 Redfield on Wills, 571, sect. 14; Williams on Real Prop. 294, 301; 8 Greenl. Cruise on Real Prop. 454, sect. 23; .Everitt v. Everitt, 29 Barb. (N. Y.) 118; Stephens et al. v. Evans, Adm'x, 30 Ind. 51; Sears v. Russell, 8 Gray (Mass.), 98; Phelps v. Pond,

Oct. 1877.] OULL V. WASHINGTON HOSPITAL, ETC.
23 N. Y. 69; Sinnett v. Herbert, L. R. 7 Ch. 240; Barnes v. Barnes, 3 Cranch, 260; Brattle Square Ohurch v. Grant, 3 Gray (Mass.), 142; 4 Kent, Com. 267; 1 Jarman on Wills, 221; 4 Cruise, Dig., tit. 32, c. 24, sect. 18; Nightingale v. Burrell, supra; Cadell v. Palmer, 1 Ho. of L. Cas. 372; 2 Atkinson on Conveyancing (2d ed.), 264; Bacon v. Proctor, 1 Turn. & R. 31; 3ackworth v. Hinxman, 2 Keen, 659; Ker v. Lord Dungannon, 1 Dr. & War. 509; Commissioners of Charitable Donations v. Baroness De Clifford, id. 245; Lewis on Perpetuities, 169; -Duke of Norfolk v. Howard, 1 Vern. 163; Welsh v. Foster,12 Mass. 97.
The devise is void on account of the uncertainty of its object. Baptist Association v. Hart'sEx., 4 Wheat. 1; Coltman et al. v. Moore et al., 1 McArthur, 197; Lingan v. Carroll, 3 Har. & M. (Md.) 333; Dashiell et al. v. The Attorney- General,5 Har. & J. (Md.) 898; Dashiell v. The Attorney-General ex re7., 6 id. 1; lWilderman v. Baltimore, 8 Md. 551; Board of Missions of the Presbyterian Church v. White's Adm'rs, 4 Am. Law Reg. 531; Wheeler v. Smith et al., 9 How. 76.
A foundling hospital is not a charity. Since the first foundation at Milan, in 787, such institutions have rapidly multiplied in every part of Europe. The waste of human life which they have occasioned, and the injury they have done to public morals, render it probable that they will at no distant period be everywhere suppressed. The statistics of France show that they have produced frightful immorality and mortality, and that it is "not poverty, but luxury, which produces exposures." In England, the entire system of the foundling hospital has been altered. Brande's Diet., vol. i. 925.
31r. Walter S. Cox and Mr. James .31Johnston,contra.
MR. J-USTICE SwA,- delivered the opinion of the court. This case was submitted to the court below, upon an agreed statement of fact3. The court fou7 d for the defendant, and gave judgment accordingly. The plaintiffs thereupon sued out this writ of error. The questions presented for our consideration are questions of law arising upon the will of Joshua Pierce, deceased. The will declares: -

OULD V. WASHINGTON HOSPITAL, ETC.

[Sup. Ct.

"I give, devise, and bequeath all those fourteen certain lots" (describing fully the premises in controversy) "to my friends, William M. Shuster and William H. Clagett, of the said city of Washington, and the survivor of them, and the heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns of such survivor, in trust, nevertheless, and to and for and upon the uses, intents, and purposes following,
that is to say: In trust to hold the said fourteen lots of ground, with the appurtenances, as and for a site for the erection of a hospital for foundlings, to be built and erected by any association, society, or institution that may hereafter be incorporated by an act of Congress as and for such hospital, and upon such incorporation, upon further trust to grant and convey the said lots of ground and trust-estate to the corporation or institution so incorporated for said purpose of the erection of a hospital, which conveyance shall be absolute and in fee: Provided, nevertheless, that such corporation shall be approved by my said trustees, or the survivor of them, or their successors in the trust; and, if not so approved, then upon further trust to hold the said lots and trust-estate for the same purpose, until a corporation shall be so created by act of Congress which shall meet the approval of the said trustees or the survivor or successors of them, to whom full discretion is given in this behalf; and, upon such approval, in trust to convey as aforesaid; and I recommend to my said trustees to select an institution which shall not be under the control of any one religious sect or persuasion; and, until such conveyance, I direct the taxes, charges, and assessments, and all necessary expenses of, for, and upon said lots, and every one of them, to be paid by my executors, as they shall from time to time accrue and become due and payable, out of the residue of my estate."
The will was duly proved and admitted to probate in the
proper court in the District of Columbia, on the 22d of June, 1864. On the 22d of April, 1870, Congress passed "An Act
for incorporating a hospital for foundlings in the city of Washington." 16 Stat. 92. On the 4th of April, 1872, Shuster
and Clagett, the trustees, conveyed the property to the defend-
ant in error, the Washington Hospital for Foundlings, so incor-
porated, pursuant to the directions of the will.
The Statute of 'ills of Maryland of 1798, which is still in force in the District of Columbia, provides that "no will, testament, or codicil shall be effectual to create any interest or perpetuity, or make any limitation or appoint to any uses not now

Oct. 1817.] OULD V. WASHINGTON HOSPITAL, ETC.
permitted by the Constitution or laws of the State." 2 Kilty's Laws of Md., c. 101.
Our attention has been called in this connection to nothing in the Constitution, and to nothing else in the laws of the State, as requiring consideration. No statute of mortmain or statute like that of 9 Geo. II., c. 36, is an element in the case.
The statute of 43 Eliz., c. 4, was never in force in Maryland. bDashiell v. Attorney- General, 5 Har. & J. (Md.) 392. It is not, therefore, operative in the District of Columbia.
The opinion prevailed extensively in this country for a considerable period that the validity of charitable endowments and the jurisdiction of courts of equity in such cases depended upon that statute. These views were assailed with very great learning and ability in 1833, by Mr. Justice Baldwin, in .3oGill v. Brown. Bright. (Pa.) 346. An eminent counsel of New York was the pioneer of the bar in 1835 in a like attack. His argument in Burr's Executorsv. Smith, 7 Vt. 241, was elaborate and brilliant, and, as the authorities then were, exhaustive. He was followed in support of the same view, in 1844, by another counsel no less eminent, in idal v. Philadelphia, 2 How. 128. The publication, then recent, of the Reports of the British Records Commission enabled the latter gentleman to throw much additional and valuable light into the discussion. The argument was conclusive.
In delivering the opinion of the court, Mr. Justice Story, referring to the doctrine thus combated, said, "Whatever doubts might, therefore, properly be entertained upon the subject when the case of the Trustees of the Philadelphia Baptist Association was before the court (1819), those doubts are entirely removed by the later and more satisfactory sources of information to which we have alluded."
The former idea was exploded, and has since nearly disappeared from the jurisprudence of the country.
Upon reading the statute carefully, one cannot but feel surprised that the doubts thus indicated ever existed. The statute is purely remedial and ancillary. It provided for a commission to examine into the abuses of charities already existing, and to correct such abuses. An appeal lay to the Lord Chancellor. The statute was silent as to the creation or inhibition of any

OULD V. WASHINGTON HOSPITAL, ETC. [SUp. Ct.
new charity, and it neither increased nor diminished the preexisting jurisdiction in equity touching the subject. The object of the statute was to create a cheaper and a speedier remedy for existing abuses. Th7e Horpeth Corporation,Duke on Charitable Uses, 242. In the course of time, the new remedy fell into entire disuse, and the control of the chancellor became again practically sole and exclusive. The power of the king as parens patriwe, acting through the chancellor, and the powers of the latter independently of the king, are subjects that need not here be considered. Fountainv. -avennel, 17 How. 379 ; 2 Story, Eq. Jur., sect. 1190.
The learning developed in the three cases mentioned shows clearly that.the law as to such uses, and the jurisdiction of the chancellor, and the extent to which it was exercised, before and after the enactment of the statute, were just the same.
It is, therefore, quite immaterial in the present case whether the statute was or was not a part of the law of Maryland. The controversy must be determined upon the general principles of jurisprudence, and the presence or absence of the statute cannot affect the result.
Two objections were urged upon our attention in the argument at bar.
1. That there is no specification of the foundlings to be provided for, and that therefore the devise is void for uncertainty.
In this connection, it was suggested by one of the learned counsel for the plaintiffs in error that a hospital for foundlings tends to evil, and ought not to be supported.
2. That the devise is void because it creates a perpetuity. The Statute of Elizabeth, before referred to, names twentyone distinct charities. -They are 1. For relief of aged, impotent, and poor people. 2. For maintenance of sick and maimed soldiers. 3. Schools of learning. 4. Free schools. 5. Scholars in universities. 6. Houses of correction. 7. For repair of bridges; 8, of ports and havens; 9, of causeways; 10, of churches; 11, of sea-banks ; 12, of highways. 13. For education and preferment of orphans. 14. For marriage of poor maids. 15. For support and help

Oct. 1877.] O1LrI V. WASHINGTON HOSPITAL, ETC.

of young trad..n

16, of _adi'rftsmen, 17, of persons

decayed. 18. For redemption or relief of prisoners or cap-

tives. 19. For ease and aid of poor inhabitants concerning

payment of fifteens. 20. Setting out of soldiers; 21, and other

taxes.

Upon examining the early English statutes and the early

decisions of the courts of law and equity, Mtr. Justice Baldwin

found forty-six specifications of pious and charitable uses recog-

nized as within the protection of the law, in which were em-

braced all that were enumerated in the statute of Elizabeth.

McGill v. Brown, supra. It is deemed unnecessary to extend

the enumeration beyond those already named.

A charitable use, where neither lawnor public policy forbids,

may be applied to almost any thing that tends to promote the

well-doing and well-being of social man. Perry on Trusts, sect.

687.

In the Girard Will Case, the leading counsel for the will thus

defined charity: "Whatever is given for the love of God, or

the love of your neighbor, in the catholic and universal sense,

-- given from these motives and to these ends, free from the

stain or taint of every consideration that is personal, private, or

selfish." MIr. Binney's Argument, p. 41.

The objection of uncertainty in this case as to the particular

foundlings to be received is without force. The endowment

of hospitals for the afflicted and destitute of particular classes,

or without any specification of class, is one of the commonest

forms of such uses. The hospital being incorporated, nothing

beyond its designation as the donee is necessary. Who shall

be received, with all other details of management, may well be

committed to those to whom its administration is intrusted.

This point is so clear, that discussion or the citation of authori-

ties is unnecessary. Cases illustrating the subject in this view

are largely referred to in Perry on Trusts, sect. 699, and in the

note to sect. 1164, Story, Eq. Jur. See also id., sects. 1164,

1190, and notes.

Hospitals for foundlings existed in the Roman Empire. They

increased when Christianity triumphed. They exist in all

countries ot Europe, and they exist in this country. There

are no beneficiaries more needing protection, care, and kind-

OULD v. WASHINGTON HOSPITAL, ETC.

[Sup. Ct.

ness, hlone more blameless, and there are none who have stronger claims than these waifs, helpless and abandoned upon the sea of life.
A perpetuity is a limitation of property which renders it inalienable beyond the period allowed by law. That period is a life or lives in being and twenty-one years more, with a fraction of a year added for the term of gestation, in cases of post humous birth.
In this case, the devise was in fee to two trustees and to the survivor of them. They were directed to convey the premises to an eleemosynary corporation for foundlings, whenever Congress should create one which the trustees approved. If the will had been so drawn as itself to work the devolution of the title upon the happening of the event named, the clause would have been an executory devise. If the same thing had been provided for in a deed inter vivos, a springing use would have been involved; and such use would have been executed by the transfer of the legal title, whenever that occurred. The testator chose to reach the end in view by the intervention of trustees, and directing them to convey at the proper time. This provision in the will was, therefore, a conditional limitation of the estate vested in the trustees, and nothing more. Their conveyance was made necessary to pass the title. The duty with -whichthey were charged was an executory trust. Amb. 552. The same rules generally apply to legal and to equitable
estates. They are alike descendible, devisable, and alienable. Croxall v. Skerrerd, 5 Wall. 268. When such uses are consummated and no longer in fieri, the law of perpetuity has no application. Franklin v. Armfield, 2 Sneed (Ky.), 305; Jartmouth College v. Woodward, 4 Wheat. 518; Perrin v. Carey, 24 How. 465. It is intended that what is given shall be perpetually devoted to the purpose of the giver.
In the case last named, the will expressly forbade for ever the sale of any part of the devised property. This court held the inhibition valid. Of course, the legislature, or a court of equity under proper circumstances, could authorize or require a sale to be made. Stanley v. Colt, 5 Wall. 119.
There may be such an interval of time possible between the gift and the consummation of the use as will be fatal to the

Oct. 1877.] OULD V. WASHINGTON HOSPITAL, ETC.
former. The rule of perpetuity applies as well to trust as to legal estates. The objection is as effectual in one case as in the other. If the fatal period may elapse before what is to be done can be done, the consequence is the same as if such must inevitably be the result. Possibility and certainty have the same effect. Such is the law upon the subject.
A devise to a corporation to be created by the legislature is good as an executory devise. A distinction is taken between a devise in prmesenti to one incapable, and a devise in futuro to an artificial being, to be created and enabled to take. Angell & Ames on Corp., sect. 184; Porter's Case, 1 Co. 24; AttorneyGeneralv. Bonyer, 3 Ves. 714; Inglis v. The Trustees of the Sailor'sSnug Hfarbor, 3 Pet. 99; Sanderson v. Whdte, 18 Pick. (Mass.) 328.
At common law, lands may be granted to pious uses before there is a grantee competent to take. In the mean time, the fee will lie in abeyance. It will vest when the grantee exists. Town of Pawlet v. Clark, 9 Cranch, 292. See also Beatty v. Kurtz, 2 Pet. 566, and FTincennes Universityv. Indiana,14 How. 268.
Charitable uses are favorites with courts of equity. The construction of all instruments where they are concerned is liberal in their behalf. 31ills v. Farmer, 19 Yes. 487; iheGill v.Brown, supra; Perry on Trusts, sect. 709. Even the stern rule against perpetuities is relaxed for their benefit.
"But a gift may be made to a charity not in esse at the time, - to come into existence at some uncertain time in the future, - provided there is no gift of the property in the first instance, or perpetuity in a prior taker." Perry on Trusts, sect. 736.
Archbishop Secker, by his will, gave £1,000 to trustees for the purpose of establishing a bishop in the British possessions in America. Mansfield, of counsel, insisted that, "there being no bishop in America, or the least likelihood of there ever being one," the legacy was void, and must fall into the residue. Lord Chancellor Thurlow said, "The money must remain in court till it shall be seen whether any such appointment shall take place." Attorney- Generalv. The Bishop of Chester, 1 Bro. C. C. 444.
A testator devised his real estate to trustees, in trust, with

OULD V. WASHINGTON HOSPITAL, ETC. [Sup. Ct.
the rents and profits to purchase ground in Cambridge, proper for a college, and to build all such structures as should be necessary for that purpose (the college to be called "Downing College "), and to obtain a royal charter for founding such college and incorporating it by that name, in the University of Cambridge. The trustees were to hold the premises devised to them "in trust for the said collegiate body and their successors for ever." The devise was held to be valid. Attorney.Generalv. Downing, Amb. 550.
A sum of money was bequeathed to erect a blue-coat school and establish a blind asylum, with direction that land should not be purchased, and the expression of an expectation that lands would be given for the charities. In answer to the suggestion at the bar that the application of the fund might be indefinitely postponed, it was said, on the other side, that the court would fix a time within which the gift must take effect; and 2 Yes. 547, and 3 Atk. 806, were cited in support of the proposition.
The Vice-Chancellor said the cases of Downing College and the Attorney-General v. The Bishop of Chester seemed to be authorities against the objection, bat that the point did not arise in the case before him. It was obviated by a codicil to the will, which appears to have been overlooked by the counsel on both sides. ifenshaw v. Atkins, 3 Madd. 167. See also Philpot v. St. George's Hospital, 6 Ho. of L. Cas. 359. In this case, as in the one we are considering, the trustee was required to approve the designated charity before paying over the money.
A testator left a sum of money to build and endow a future church. The question was raised, but not decided, whether the court would hold the fund for an indefinite time. The Lord Chancellor said: "A gift to a charitable purpose, if lawful, is good, although no object may be in existence at the time. This was expressly decided in Attorney-Generalv. Bishop of Chester, where the gift was for establishing a bishop in his Majesty's dominions in America," &c. Sennet v. Herbert, Law Rep. 7 Ch. 237.
A testatrix, by her will, directed, among other things, that when and as soon as land should be giver: for the purpose as

Oct. 1877.] OULD V.WASHINGTON HOSPITAL, ETC.
thereinafter mentioned, almshouses should be built in three specified places. She further directed that the surplus remaining, after building the almshouses, should be appropriated for making allowances to the inmates. It was held that the fund was well given, for that the gift to charity was not conditional and contingent, but that there was an absolute immediate gift to charity, the mode of execution only being made dependent on future events. Chamberlain v. Brocket, 8 Law Rep. Ch. 1872-73, p. 206. The bearing of this authority upon the case in hand needs no remark. See also Mclntyre Poor School v. Zanesville Canal Co., 9 Ohio, 203, and Miller v. Cldttenden, 2 Iowa, 315; s. c. 4 id. 2.52. These were controversies relating to real estate. The same point as here was involved. Both gifts were sustained. The judgments are learned and able.
The last of this series of cases to which we shall refer is an adjudication by this court. The testator gave the residue of his estate, embracing a large amount of real property, to the Chancellor of the State of New York, the mayor and recorder of the city of New York, and others, designating them only by their official titles, and to their respective successors in office for ever, in trust to establish and maintain an asylum for aged, decrepit, and worn-out sailors, the asylum to be called "The Sailors' Snug Harbor." If the trustees so designated could not execute the will, they were to procure from the legislature an act of incorporation, giving them the requisite authority. Such an act was passed, and the institution was established. The heir-at-law sued for the property. This court held that the official designations were descriptio personarum,and that the trustees took personally. See Bac. Abr., Grant C; Owen v. Bean, Duke on Char. 486; Vellbeloved v. Jones, 1 Sim. & St. 40. Nothing was said as to the capacity of the successors to take. A special act of incorporation was deemed necessary. There being no particular estate to support the final disposition, the latter was held to be an executory devise. This court decided that the gift was valid. That upon the creation of the corporation the title to the property became vested in it, or that the naked legal title was held by the heir-at-law in trust for the corporation.
The points of analogy between that case and this are obvi-

HART V. UNITED STATES.

[Sup. Ct.

ous. There, as here, a future corporation was necessary to give the devise effect. There, as here, there was a possibility that such a corporation might never be created. In both cases the corporation was created, and the intention of the testator was carried into full effect. It is a cardinal rule in the law of wills that courts shall do this whenever it can be done. Here we find no impediment in the way. The gift was immediate and absolute, and it is clear beyond doubt that the testator meant that no part of the property so given should ever go to his heirs-at-law, or be applied to any other object than that to which he had devoted it by the devise here in question.
There are numerous other authorities to the same effect with those last cited. The latter are abundantly sufficient to dispose of this case. It is, therefore, unnecessary to extend this opinion by pursuing the subject further.
J'udgment affirmed.

HA T v. UNITED STATES.
1. The ruling in Osborne v. United States, 19 Wall. 577, reaffirmed, and applied to this case.
2. The United States is not responsible for the laches or the wrongful acts of its officers; and, where it takes an official bond, the obligors are conclusively presumed to execute it with a full knowledge of that principle of law, and to consent to be dealt with accordingly.
8. Where a defence is by way of traverse, it is not error to strike out so much thereof as is not responsive to the allegations of the petition.
ERROP to the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of Ohio.
This suit was brought by the United States, May 29, 1872, against Hosmer, Hart, and Stahl, on a distiller's bond, executed by them May 29, 1871, in the sum of $5,000, and conditioned to be void if said Hosmer should faithfully comply with all the provisions of law relating to the duties and business of distillers, and pay all penalties incurred or fines imposed on him for a violation of any of said provisions, and should not suffer the tract or lot of land on which the distillery stood, or any part thereof, to be incumbered by mortgage, judgment, or other lien during 'the time in which he should carry on said business.

NEAL V. CLAR[.

[Sup. t

NEAL v. CLARxK.
1. The word "fraud," as used in the thirty-third section of the bankrupt law of 1867, which provides that "no debt created by the fraud or embezzlement of the bankrupt, or by defalcation as a public officer, or while acting in a fiduciary capacity, shall be discharged under this act," means positive fraud or fraud in fact, involving moral turpitude or intentional wrong, and not implied fraud or fraud in law, which may exist without the imputation of bad faith or immorality.
2. Accordingly, where a party paid an executor for a portion of the assets of an estate which he purchased at a discount, but without any actual fraud, and where he was, with the executor, who failed to account therefor, held liable for a detastavit,- Held, that his subsequent discharge in bankruptcy was a complete defence to an action against him for such devastavit.
ERROR to the Supreme Court of Appeals of the State of Virginia.
The facts out of which this case arises, so far as it is material to state them, are substantially these: -
William Fitzgerald, Jr., of the State of Virginia, by his will, which was admitted to probate in 1857, directed his executor to sell his entire landed estate, and distribute the proceeds among those entitled to them, according to the provisions of the will. The lands were sold as directed, in the same year, the purchasers giving bonds, with security, payable to the executor as such. Two of these bonds, each dated Dec. 1, 1857, -Qne for $1,000, due Nov. 18, 1859, with interest from Nov. 18, 1858, and the other for $2,293, due, with like interest, Nov. 18, 1860, - were sold and assigned by the executor, in June, 1859, to Griffith D. Neal, the plaintiff in error, for the sum of $2,780, who sold them to Richard Jones for $3,056. The latter collected them. When this transaction occurred, the executor, who was a brother of the testator, was a man of large property and undoubted solvency. Neal made no inquiry as to the condition of the estate, but the executor gave, as a reason for selling the bonds, that the estate was in debt to him for moneys advanced.
In 1860, a suit was instituted against the executor in the Circuit Court for Pittsylvania County, Virginia, to obtain a settlement of his accounts and a distribution of the estate. In 1861,

Oct. 1877.]

NEAL V. CLARK.

in obedience to an order of court, he gave a new bond, with

'lark and Holland as sureties; and in 1868 they were made

defend-,'s, and a decree was asked against them for whatever

sam should be ascertained to be due from the executor. In

1869,- ten years after Neal had purchased the bonds, about

seven years after the executor had become insolvent and re-

moved from the State, and without any question having been

previously raised as to Neal's liability, -Clark and Holland

exhibited their bill in the same court against the executor,

the distributees, Neal, Jones, and others. They allege that the

executor, in disposing of the bonds, committed a devastavit of

the estate, and that, in view of the circumstances under which

he received them, Neal became a participant in that devastavit,

and is liable to the distributees for the amount of the bonds.

They ask that, as sureties of the executor, they be substituted

to the rights which the distributees have against Neal by

reason of his alleged unlawful appropriation of the testator's

assets. In the event of any judgment against them, they pray

that it be rendered to be first satisfied by the purchaser of the

notes.

In the District Court of the United States for the District of

Virginia Neal was duly adjudged a bankrupt, and received his

certificate, dated Feb. 11, 1869, showing his discharge from all

debts and claims which, by the bankrupt law, were provable

against his estate, and which existed on the 25th of January,

1868, " except such debts as were exempted from the operation

of a discharge in bankruptcy."

Neal pleaded his discharge in bar of the action against him,

but the Circuit Court for Pittsylvania'County gave judgment

against him and Jones for the amount of the two notes pur-

chased from the executor. That judgment, so far as it held

Neal liable, was affirmed in the Supreme Court of Appeals of

Virginia, but, so far as it related to Jones, was reversed. There-

upon Neal brought the case here.

M1r. William A. 3_aurly for the plaintiff in error.

The "fraud or embezzlement" described by the bankrupt

law of 1867 refers only to transactions involving criminal in-

tent and wilful wrong-doing.

The object of statutes in relation to embezzlement is to

VOL. V.

46

NEAL V. CLARK.

[Sup. Ot.

embrace certain cases where, although the moral guilt was quite as great as in larceny, the technical objection, arising from the fact of possession lawfully acquired by the offending party, screened him from punishment. They were, therefore, declared crimes punishable by law. Commonwealth v. Simpson, 9 Met. (Mass.) 192.
The association of 'fraud" with "embezzlement" fully justifies the conclusion that the legislature used the former word to indicate a transaction involving moral turpitude.
To deprive a party guilty of no intentional wrong of the benefit of his discharge in bankruptcy, upon the ground that he has committed a technical devastavit, defeats to that extent an act for the relief of the unfortunate debtors who in good faith surrender their property to their creditors.
No counsel appeared for the defendant in error.

MR. JusTIcE HARLAN delivered the opinion of the court. This case involves the meaning of the word "fraud," as used in the thirty-third section of the bankrupt law of 1867. That section provides that "no debt created by the fraud or embezzlement of the bankrupt, or by defalcation as a public officer, or while acting in a fiduciary capacity, shall be discharged under this act." In the very able opinion of the Court of Appeals, it is said that "all the cases agree in the principle that a purchaser from an executor of personal property of the testator for valuable consideration need not inquire, and has no means of inquiry, whether the condition of the testator's estate requires a sale of the property, and is not bound to see to the application of the purchase-money, but may fairly presume that the sale is rightly made, and that the purchase-money will be properly applied; and that such a purchaser can only be made liable on the ground of a fraudulent participation with the executor in the commission of a devastavit of his testator's estate. In other words, that the purchaser must be guilty of a fraud in that respect." "The only diversity in the cases," continues that court, "seems to have arisen from the different views of the judges as to the nature of the fraud within the meaning of the principle ;

Oct. 1877.]

IEAL V. CLARK.

that is, whether there must be actual fraud, or whether it is enough that there is implied or constructive fraud, or gross
negligence, which may be equivalent to fraud." Upon an elaborate review of the authorities, mainly its own
previous decisions, and upon consideration of all the evidence, that court reached these conclusions: -
1st, That the executor had committed a devastavit by selling the bonds at a discount, since the needs of the estate did not require it, and since they had not become his property by reason of any advances made by him, or otherwise.
2d, That Neal was not chargeable with actual fraud, but, in view of the circumstances attending his purchase, he had committed constructive fraud, which implicated him in the de-
vastavit. 3d, That "fraud," in the thirty-third section of the bankrupt
law of 1867, included both constructive and actual fraud, and consequently that Neal, although guilty of constructive fraud only, was equally liable with the executor who had wasted the estate and failed to account for the amount of the bonds assigned to Neal.
Whether Neal, according to the previous decisions of the Virginia courts, was guilty of constructive fraud, and, upon that ground, became liable to the distributees as a participant in the devastavit of the estate, it is not within our province, upon this appeal, to inquire. Our jurisdiction extends to the re-examination of the final decree, only so far as it involves the construction of the bankrupt law and the denial, by the State court, of rights claimed by the bankrupt under that law.
We concur in the view expressed by the State court, that Neal was not guilty of actual fraud. The evidence does not show that he entertained any purpose himself to commit a fraud, or to aid the executor in committing one. The fair in-
ference from all the testimony is that he purchased the bonds in good faith, not doubting the power or the right of the executor to sell, and having no reason to believe that he meditated any wrong to those interested in the estate which he was administering. Indeed, it appears from the opinion of the State court, that, a few months prior to the purchase, a commissioner had reported a settlement of the executor's accounts, showing a

NEAL V. CLARM.

[SUP. Ot.

balance due the latter of $765.41. That settlement was of record.
But we do not concur in the construction which the State court gave to the thirty-third section of the bankrupt law of 1867. In reaching this conclusion, we have not been assisted by any express decisions upon the question before us.
The Bankrupt Act of 1841 exempted from discharge debts "created in consequence of a defalcation as a public officer, or as executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee, or while acting in any fiduciary capacity." The question arose under that act whether a factor who had sold the property of his principal, and had failed to pay over the proceeds, was a fiduciary debtor within the meaning of that clause. This court, in Chapman v. Forsythi et al., 2 How. 202, said: "If the act embrace such a debt, it will be difficult to limit its application. It must include all debts arising from agencies, and, indeed, all cases where the law implies an obligation from the trust reposed in the debtor. Such a construction would have left but few debts on which the law could operate. In almost all the commercial transactions of the country, confidence is reposed in the punctuality and integrity of the debtor; and a violation of these is, in a commercial sense, a disregard of a trust. But this is not the relation spoken of in the first section of the act.
" The cases enumerated, 'the defalcation of a public officer,' executor,' ' administrator,' 'guardian,' or ' trustee,' are not cases of implied, but special, trusts; and ' the other fiduciary capacity' mentioned must mean the same class of trusts. The act speaks of technical trusts, and not those which the law implies from the contract. A factor is not, therefore, within the act." A like process of reasoning may be properly employed in construing the corresponding section of the act of 1867. It is a familiar rule in the interpretation of written instruments and statutes that "a passage will be best interpreted by reference to that which precedes and follows it." So, also, "the meaning of a word may be ascertained by reference to the meaning of words associated with it." In Broom's Legal Maxims, p. 450, it is said: "It is a rule laid down by Lord Bacon, that copulatio verborum indiatacceptationem in eodem sensu,- the coupling of words together shows that they are to be under.

Oct. 18T7.]

N.EAL V. CLARK.

709

stood in the same sense. And where the meaning of any particular word is doubtful or obscure, . . . the intention of the party who has made use of it may frequently be ascertained and carried unto effect by looking at the adjoining words." The same author says (p. 455): "In the construction of statutes, likewise, the rule noscitur a soejis is very frequently applied ; the meaning of a word, and, consequently, the intention of the legislature, being ascertained by refermnce to the context, and by considering whether the word in question and the surrounding words are, in fact, ejusdem generis, and referable to the same subject-matter."
Applying these rules to this case, we remark, that, in the section of the law of 1867 which sets forth the classes of debts which are exempted from the operation of a discharge in bankruptcy, debts created by "fraud" are associated directly with debts created by "embezzlement." Such association justifies, if it does not imperatively require, the conclusion that the "fraud " referred to in that section means positive fraud, or fraud in fact, involving moral turpitude or intentional wrong, as does embezzlement; and not implied fraud, or fraud in law, which may exist without the imputation of bad faith or immorality. Such a construction of the statute is consonant with equity, and consistent with- the object and intention of Congress in enacting a general law by which the honest citizen may be relieved from the burden of hopeless insolvency. A different construction would be inconsistent with the liberal spirit which pervades the entire bankrupt system.
It results from what has been said that the debt or claim asserted against Neal was not "created by the fraud . . . of the bankrupt," within the meaning of the thirty-third section of the law of 1867. His discharge in bankruptcy affords him complete protection. The court erred in adjudging otherwise.
The judgment of the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia will, therefore, be reversed, with directions to reverse the decree rendered against Neal in the Circuit Court for Pittsylvania County, and to remand the case to the last-named court, with an order requiring it to dismiss the original and cross-bill of Clark and Holland against Neal, with costs, and for other proper action in conformity to this opinion; and it is
So ordered.

Oct. 1877.]

GIVEN V. HILTON.

This disposes of the first assignment of error. There is no dis-

pute as to the amount of the trust fund, and no complaint is made

of the rate of interest for which the defendant has been decreed

to account, if he is liable to account at all.

The second assignment of error is to the effect that the court

could not direct the payment of the principal sum to a new

trustee, because such a decree was inconsistent with the specific

relief prayed for. The prayer is for an aocount, the removal

of the old trustees, the payment to the complainant of th5

money she is entitled to, and for general relief. There is no

specific prayer for the appointment of a new trustee, or the

payment of the principal of the fund to him when appointed;

but such relief is necessary, in order to carry into full effect an

order for the removal of the old trustees.

SDecree affirmed.

GrVEN v. HILTON.
1. Where the intent of a testator to make a complete disposition of all his property is manifest throughout his will, its provisions should be so construed, if they reasonably may, as to carry that intent into effect.
2. While an apparent general intent cannot control his particular directions plainly to the contrary, or enlarge dispositions beyond their legitimate meaning, it is of weight in determining what he intended by particular devises or bequests that may admit of an enlarged or a limited construction.
8. The rule in the construction of wills, where certain things are enumerated, that a more general description, which is coupled with the enumeration, is commonly understood to cover only things ejusden generis with the particular things mentioned, rests on a mere presumption, easily rebutted by any thing which shows that the larger subject was in fact in the testator's view.
4. The will in this case construed, and hdd, 1. That the testator intended to dispose of his entire estate, and not to die intestate as to any portion of it. 2. That his direction to his executors to sell all his estate not otherwise devised and bequeathed was intended to secure a complete conversion, to all intents, of his entire property into personal estate. 3. That, with the exception of the lot devised, his entire estate, both real and personal, after the payment of his debts and of the legacies prior to that given to the residuary legatee, passed to the latter.
APPEAL from the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. The bill in this case was filed by John Emory Hilton and eertain other heirs-at-law and next of kin of John P. Hilton,

GIVEN V. HILTON.

[Sup. Ct.

against John T. Given and Carberry S. Hilton, his executors and others, to obtain judicial construction of his last will and testament. It prayed for an injunction restraining the executors from selling any portion of the real estate until they should first have applied the personal estate to the payment of debts and
the legacies specified in the will, and, in the event of any deficiency, then to sell no greater portion of such real estate than would be sufficient to discharge such debts and legacies.
The court decreed that the debts due by the deceased were to be first paid, then the legacies, and both from the personal estate, if that be sufficient; but if not, then that the real estate be resorted to, but only to discharge any deficiency, and that the residue of said real estate be equally divided among the heirs.
From this construction of the will the defendants appealed to this cohirt.
This will, which was duly attested and admitted to probate, is as follows: -

"In the name of God, armen. I, John P. Hilton, of Washington
City, in the District of Columbia, . . . do . . . make and publish this my last will and testament, in manner and form following, that is to say:...
"After my debts and funeral charges are paid, my worldly estate, with which it bath pleased God to intrust me with, I devise and bequeath as follows: -
"Item. As soon after my decease as possible, I direct that my debts and funeral expenses be paid out of any portion of my estate which may first come into the hands of my executors hereinafter named.
"Item. Secondly, I direct that all of my estate, except such as is hereinafter otherwise devised and bequeathed, be sold by my executors at as early a day as practicable, upon such terms and conditions as may seem best in their judgment for the best interest of all herein concerned, and that the proceeds arising therefrom shall be divided in the following manner and proportions as they are first herein named, written, and stated, as far as the amount realized from the sale of my said estate will allow, viz.: -
"Item. I give and devise unto my kind and obedient son, Carberry S. Hilton, and my grandchildren, John Perry Hilton and Harry Slicer Hilton, sons of Carberry S. Hilton, all that part of lot eight (8) of Davidson subdivision of square two hundred and

Oct. 1877.]

GIVEN V. HILTON.

fifteen (215), fronting on 14th Street west, between L and M Streets

north, with the improvements; that is to say, one-half of the said

lot and improvements to the said Carberry S. Hilton, in fee-simple,

and the remaining half as he may choose, to him the said Carberry

S. Hilton, in trust for the sole use and benefit of his said children,

John Perry Hilton and Harry Slicer Hilton, in fee-simple, to be

equally divided between them.

[Here follows a number of pecuniary legacies.]

"Item. I give and bequeath unto my kind, affectionate son,

Carberry S. Hilton, all the rest and residue of my estate of which

I may die seised or possessed, which is not herein otherwise de-

vised and bequeathed, such as moneys, bonds, stocks, judgments,

notes, household furniture, and all personal effects of every descrip-

tion, and not herein otherwise disposed of, for his sole use and ben-

efit and that of his children.

"1tem.I direct that the rents accumulating from my estate,

until such time as my executors shall have disposed of the same,

shall be distributed as follows: After deducting all expenses for

repairs, taxes, and insurance, the same shall be equally divided

among my four children; namely, Carberry S. Hilton, Ann Terring

Smith, John Emory Hilton, and Laura R. M1orsell.

"And, lastly, I do hereby constitute and appoint my dear son,

Carberry S. Hilton, and my esteemed fiiend, John T. Given, of

Washington City, District of Columbia, to be sole executors of this

my last will and testament, revoking and annulling all former wills

by me heretofore made, ratifying and confirming this and none

other to be my last will and testament, requesting that my son,

Carberry S. Hilton, the first-named executor of this my will, that

he make no charge for any service he may render in the execution

thereof.

"In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed

my seal this nineteenth day of March, in the year of our Lord

eighteen hundred and seventy-three.

[SEAL.]

"JNO. P. HILTON."

Mr. Richlard T. ferrick and Mr. William P. Mattingly for the appellants.
Mr. Walter S. Cox and Mr. John J. Johnson, contra.

MR. JUSTIOE STRONG delivered the opinion of the court.

The ultimate question in this case is what passed under the

residuary clause of the testator's will. It can be answered

VOL. V.

88

GIVEN V. HILTON.

[Sup. Ct.

intelligently only after a careful examination of all the provisions of the instrument, and an ascertainment therefrom of the testator's general scheme. That he intended to make a complete disposition of all his property, leaving none to pass under the intestate laws, is abundantly manifest. He commenced by declaring that, after his debts and funeral charges were paid, he devised and bequeathed the worldly estate with which it had pleased God to intrust him. Next followed a direction that these debts and expenses should be paid, as soon after his decease as possible, out of any portion of his estate that might first come into the hands of his executors. Then followed a direction that all his estate, not otherwise devised and bequeathed (all except a single lot of ground devised to a son), should be sold as soon as practicable, and that the proceeds thereof should be divided in a manner and in proportions described thereafter. Here the real estate and the personalty are commingled and treated as one fund. All is to be converted into money, and all is to be distributed; and, to guard against the least intestacy, and insure that all his estate should pass under his will, by a subsequent disposition he disposed of the rents that might accumulate from his estate, before the executors should sell it, by distributing them among his children. These dispositions are utterly inconsistent with an intention to leave any portion of his estate to descend under the intestate laws; and they accord with the general rule that no presumption of an intent to die intestate as to any part of his property is allowable when the words of a testator's will may fairly carry the whole. Stehman and Others v. Stehman, 1 Watts (Pa.), 466. The law prefers a construction which will prevent a partial intestacy to one that will permit it, if such a construction may reasonably be given, VFernon v. Vernon et al., 53 N. Y. 351; and certainly when, as in this case, the intent to make a complete disposition of all the testator's property is manifest throughout his will, its provisions should be so construed, if they reasonably may be, as to carry into effect his general
intent. We do not mean to be understood as asserting that an appar-
ent general intent to make by his will a complete disposition nf all a testator's estate can control particular directions plainly

Oct. 1877.]

GIVEN v. HILTON.

to the contrary, or enlarge dispositions beyond their legitimate meaning. What we do assert is, such a general intent is of weight in determining what was intended by particular devises or bequests that may admit of enlarged or limited constructions.
It has already been noticed, the testator in this case ordered that all his estate, except a single lot, and confounding realty and personalty, should be sold by his executors as soon as practicable. This sale he .lirected to be made upon such terms and conditions as might seem best in their judgment for the interests of all concerned in the will; and he directed the proceeds arising therefrom to be divided in the manner and proportions, "as first written, named, and stated" in the will, as far as the amount realized from the sale would allow. Then followed a devise of the excepted lot, and various pecuniary bequests, succeeded by a residuary legacy to his son, given in the following words: "I give and bequeath unto my kind and affectionate son, Carberry S. Hilton, all the rest and residue of my estate, of which I may die seised or possessed, which is not herein otherwise devised and bequeathed, such as moneys, bonds, stocks, judgments, notes, household furniture, and all personal effects of every description, and not herein otherwise disposed of, for his sole use and benefit and that of his children."
If by this residuary clause the testator intended to give only the residue of that which was personalty immediately preceding his death, then he died intestate as to all his real estate not needed for the payment of his debts and other legacies, and as to the surplus of the proceeds of its sale not necessary for those payments. Then there is a resulting interest in all his children as collectively heirs-at-law; and, as that which was personalt 3 at his death is, by admission, largely insufficient for the payment of those debts and legacies, the residuary legatee takes nothing under the bequest to him, for the personal property is first to be applied to discharge the debts and legacies. But, oil the other hand, if by the direction to sell all his estate the tes tator intended its conversion into personalty out and out, or for all intents, and not merely for the payment of the legacies prior to the residuary gift, the residuary clause carried all that may remain after those legacies shall be paid.

GIVEN v. ]EHILTON.

[Stup. Ct.

It is a fundamental question, therefore, whether the testator's direction to his executors to sell "all his estate" worked an absolute conversion of his realty into personalty. It is un doubtedly established doctrine that when a will directs con version of realty only for certain purposes, which are limited, for example, for the payment of particular legacies, and follows the direction by a bequest of the residue of personal estate, the conversion takes place only so far as the proceeds of the sale are needed to pay the legacies prior to the residuary one, and the gift of the personalty will not carry the produce of the sale of the lands in the absence of a contrary intent plainly manifested. The surplus or excess retains the quality of 'realty, and is transmitted either by a devise of the realty, if there be one, or descends under the intestate laws. Hence it is often a question, and frequently a difficult one, whether the direction to sell was for a limited purpose, or for all purposes, and, consequently, whether the testator's intent was to impress upon all the proceeds of the sale the quality of personalty. There are certain things which are considered indicative of an intent to cause a complete conversion. It has been held that a general direction to sell and apply the proceeds indiscriminately to the payment of debts and legacies operates as a conversion out and out. Roper on Legacies, 341, 342, et seq.; King v. Woodhull, 3 Edw. (N. Y.) 82; Durour v. Motteux, 1 Ves. 320.
Blending the proceeds of realty and personalty in one fund for the payment of debts and legacies is generally regarded evidence of an intention to give to the proceeds of a sale ordered the character of personalty -throughout, though not a conclusive indication in all cases. These indications exist in the will before us, and, were it necessary, they might be called in aid of its construction; but, after all, little assistance is derived from general rules in the construction of a will. The intent of a testator is to be sought in the instrument itself. In making it he does not often have in mind any particular rules of construction applied to other wills. He uses those expressions which he supposes convey his own thought and wishes.
Turning, then, to the will before us, the first thing noticeable is that the direction to sell was positive, and that it comprehended all the estate The testator must have known that

Oct. 1877.]

GIVEN V. HILTON.

his personal property was largely insufficient to pay his debts, funeral expenses, and the pecuniary legacies he proposed to give. Yet his order was, not to sell so much of his real estate as might be necessary for satisfying debts and certain legacies, not that what should prove lacking of personalty should be supplied from sales of realty, but ill was directed to be sold, whether necessary for the payment of legacies or not; and in the direction he recognized the interest of the residuary legatee as fully as he did the interests of any other legatee therein. The executors were required to sell on such terms and conditions as, in their judgment, might seem best for the interests of all concerned in the will. The residuary legatee was one of those concerned. Why consult his interest, if, as a beneficiary under the will, he had no concern in the sale, if by virtue of the legacy to him he was to have no portion of the proceeds of the sale, and if what remained after payment of the legacies prior to his was intended to continue realty, and descend under the intestate laws?
The will further directed that the proceeds of the sale, i. e.the whole proceeds, should be divided in the manner and proportions first in the will named, written, and stated, as far as the amount realized would allow. It is not quite clear what was meant by this direction: but it rather seems the intent was, that, if the sum for which the property might be sold should prove insufficient to pay all the legacies in full, they should be paid in the order named; that is, that the legatee first named should be first paid, and so on, in the order in which the different beneficiaries were mentioned, down to the residuary legatee. If this is not so, the word "first" can have no significance; and then the testator intended that legacies to his children and grandchildren should abate ratably with his gifts to strangers: but, however this may be, it was a fund arising from the sale of the testator's whole estate that was to be divided among legatees; and the residuary bequest to the son, Carberry S. Hilton, was as truly a legacy as any one of the gifts that preceded it. We can discover nothing, therefore, in this clause of the will that indicates an intent to effect only a partial conversion, or merely a conversion for the payment of those legacies which preceded the residuary beqaest. On the contrary, the more reasonable

GIVEN v. HILTON.

[Sup. Ct.

and the true interpretation, we think, is that the testator meant to direct a complete conversion, to all intents, of his entire property into per;ozal estate. If so, the residuary bequest, even if it was only a legacy of his personal estate, carried to the legatee not only that which was personalty at his death, but that which by the conversion he ordered became personalty.
But it is not to be admitted as certain that the subject of tho residuary bequest was personal property alone. Certainly the bequest is not an ordinary gift of the residue of personalty. Its phraseology is very peculiar. Were it not for the enumeration of "moneys, stocks, judgments, notes, household furniture, and all personal effects of every description" (most of which, if not all, may have been the product of the sales of the real estate ordered to be sold), the residuary clause, beyond doubt, would be broad enough to carry real estate, as well as all personalty. It is doubtless true that in the construction of wills, as well as of statutes, where certain things are enumerated, and a more general description is coupled with the enumeration, that description is commonly understood to cover only things ejusdem generis with the particular things mentioned. This is because it is presumed the testator had only things of that class in mind; but this rule of construction rests on a mere presumption, easily rebutted by any thing that shows the larger subject was in fact in the testator's view. In the present case, it is quite plain the testator had in mind all his estate, whether realty or personalty, when he made the disposition of the residue. Indeed, he must have had his real estate, or the proceeds of his sale, mainly in view; for, as we have said, he knew that his personal estate would be exhausted by the payment of debts and prior legacies. And this appears in the language he used. He gave unto his "kind and affectionate son" all the rest and residue of his estate of which he might die seised or possessed, not otherwise devised and bequeathed (enumerating some species of personal effects), and all personal effects of every description, not otherwise disposed of by the will. This included not only that which he possessed, namely, personalty, but also that of which lie was seised, - his realty. The form of his expression denotes that he had before his mind at the time alike every thing that was real and every thing that was personal; and, in

Oct. 1877.]

GIVEN V. HILTON.

making the bequest, he used the most comprehensive language which could have been adopted.
The residuary gift, therefore, ought not, in view of the whole will, to be construed as embracing only the remainder, if any, of that which was personalty at the death of the testator. Its scope was larger. It embraced all of the testator's estate, both realty and personalty, not devised or bequeathed by the preceding dispositions of the will.
This construction is fortiied by another consideration. Carnerry S. Hilton, the residuary legatee, was a favorite son of the testator. This appears from the manner in which he is more than once spoken of in the will. No other pecuniary legacy is given to him; and it cannot be believed that his father intended, by his residuary bequest, to make to him a barren gift, and leave a portion of his estate to descend under the intestate laws.
We conclude, therefore, that the Supreme Court of the District erred in its construction of the will and in the decree made, so far as it was ordered that any portion of the residue of the testator's estate, after the payment of his debts and of the legacies prior to that given to the residuary legatee, should be equally divided among the heirs, and in not decreeing that the whole of the estate, except the lot devised, both real and personal, after the payment of those debts and legacies, passed, under the residuary clause, to Carberry S. Hilton.
Decree reversed, and the record remitted with instructions to enter a decree in accordancewith this opinion.

