DAVIE V. BRIGGS.

[Sup. Ot.

The same is true of the agreement alleged to have been made

by the defendants, Blake and Elliott. Its existence is denied

by each of them, and it is not sufficiently proved for the pur-

pose of this action.

This is not, however, so important. Unless the equity of

redemption of Howland was kept alive by the alleged agree-

ment with Taylor, he had no interest which could sustain a

parol agreement by the defendants to buy the property for his

benefit, and to convey to him when required. Such an agree-

ment is one creating by parol a trust or interest in lands, which

cannot be sustained under the Statute of Frauds. It is a naked

promise by one to buy lands in his own name, pay for them

with his own money, and hold them for the benefit of another.

It cannot be enforced in equity, and is void. Levy v. Brush,

45 N. Y. 589; Bichardson v. Johnsen, 41 Wis. 100; Payne

v. Patterson, 77 Pa. St. 134; Bander v. Snyder, 5 Barb.

(N. Y.) 63; Lathrop v. Hoyt, 7 id. 59; Story, Eq. Jur., sect.

1201 a (11th ed.).

Decree affirmed.

DAviE v. BRIGGS.
1 A person who for seven years has not been heard of by those who, had he been alive, would naturally have heard of him, is presumed to be dead; but the law raises no presumption as to the precise time of his death.
2. The triers of the facts may infer that he died before the expiration of the seven years, if it appears that within that period he encountered some specific peril, or came within the range of some impending or imminent danger which might reasonably be expected to destroy life.
3. This court adopts the construction of the Supreme Court of North Carolina that the term "beyond the seas," where it occurs in the Statute of Limitations of that State, means "without the United States."
APPFAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of North Carolina.
The history of this litigation is substantially as follows: The land, containing about two hundred acres, the proceeds of which are involved in this suit was conveyed in the yeai 1829, for the consideration of $6,000, by John Teague, its then

Oct. 1878.]

DAVIEOv. BRIGGS.

owner, to F. W. Davie, of South Carolina, a brother of Allen Jones Davie. In the succeeding year, F. W. Davie leased it, upon certain terms and conditions, to one McCulloch, for the term of twenty years, and in 1831, for the consideration of $5,000, he conveyed to the latter an undivided one-third of the whole tract, with the exclusive right to direct and manage the working of the mines thereon and to receive one-third of the profits arising therefrom, and a few months thereafter he, for the consideration of $3,000, conveyed an undivided third of the same tract, with all the emoluments and profits arising therefrom, to his brother, Hyder A. Davie.
The complainants claim that subsequently, on the 15th of January, 1833, F. W. Davie, in accordance with an agreement, which at the time of his purchase from Teague he made with Allen Jones Davie, conveyed the remaining undivided third of the tract to Cadwalader Jones, Sen., with all the rights and privileges thereunto belonging, in trust, to permit said Allen, his wife, and their children then living or thereafter resulting from their marriage, to have and receive the rents, profits, and issues of the said premises, and of all mines thereon found, for the joint use of said Allen, his wife and children, during the lifetime of the said Allen, and after his death to permit his wife and children to receive the said rents, profits, and issues, and after the death of the wife to convey the premises, &c., to such children and their issue, free and discharged from all trusts whatsoever; the conveyance, however, being upon the condition that the land and mines should be liable for one-third of such amount as upon settlement should be found to have been expended by F. W. Davie in working the mines. Upon that
conveyance, which was never registered, and is alleged to have been lost, the complainants, heirs-at-law of said Allen, rest as the foundation of their right to the relief asked. The defendants deny that any such conveyance was ever executed and delivered by F. W. Davie as his act and deed. Said Allen, at the time of its alleged execution and delivery, was residing upon the land with his family, and had some connection with the working or management of the mines, the precise nature of which does not appear. Difficulties occurred between him and McCulloch, which gave rise to a suit in 1833 in the'equity

DAVIE v. BRIGGS.

[Sup. ot.

court of Guilford County, in the name of "Allen Jones Davie and others," against McCulloch. The papers in that suit had all disappeared when this was commenced, and nothing remained to indicate the nature of the issues but a few scattered minutes upon the trial docket. From them it appears that an injunction of some kind was granted against McCulloch which interfered with his mining operations. By an order made in 1836, the master was directed to ascertain the damages which McCulloch sustained by reason of the injunction. The final order in that case seems to have been made in 1840, in the Supreme Court, to which it was transferred for trial. That order is in these words: "The deeds mentioned in the rules made at the last term in this cause not having been exhibited and filed in the office of this court by the time therein directed, it is ordered that the plaintiffs' bill be dismissed out of this court, with costs to be taxed by the proper officers, but without prejudice to the plaintiffs' right to file another bill."
No other bill appears to have been filed. These minutes do not show who were complainants in that suit with Allen Jones Davie, or to what deeds the order of 1840 referred. Not long after that litigation, Allen Jones Davie removed from the vicinity of the mines to Hillsboro', N. C., and subsequently to South Carolina.
In 1848, MeCulloch, for the consideration of $2,000, made a quitclaim deed to John Gluyas for the undivided third of the land conveyed to him by F. W. Davie in the year 1831. In the same year, Hyder A. Davie died, having by his last will devised and bequeathed to F. W. Davie, L. A. Beckham, and W. F. Desarre his whole estate, real and personal, in trust for the sole and separate use of his daughter, Mrs. Bedon. On the 2d of March, 1850, F. W. Davie made two deeds (which were duly recorded on the same day) to Beckham, one to him individually, for an undivided third of the land for the expressed consideration of $2,000, and the other to him for an undivided third of the same land, in trust for Mrs. Bedon, the consideration therefor, as recited, being $3,000, previously paid to the grantor by Hyder A. Davie. Within a few weeks after the making of these two last deeds, F. W. Davie died at his home in South Carlina. -On 9th April, 1-850 (whether F. W. Davie was then alive

Ot. 1878.]

DAVIE v. BRIGGS.

does not appear), Beckham leased an undivided two-thirds of the tract to Briggs for the term of five years, and the latter, on June 12, 1850, assigned that lease to John Peters and M. L. Holmes. During the succeeding year, Allen Jones Davie started for California by the overland route, and was never heard from after he had reached in his journey the hostile Indian Territory. In 1852, John Gluyas conveyed, by quitclaim deed, to John Peters and M. L. Holmes the undivided one-third which he had previously acquired from McCulloch; and in 1853 M. L. Holmes conveyed to R. J. Holmes one-eighteenth of the part purchased from Gluyas and a one-sixth interest in the lease taken by Holmes and Peters from Briggs. Under the foregoing deeds and leases, Peters, Sloan, & Co., for a time, worked the mines; and in June, 1853, they joined with Beckham in selling and conveying the property by separate deeds to the Belmont Mining Company, at the price of $125,000, which was paid to Peters, Sloan, & Co. Of that sum, it was agreed between the parties selling that Peters, Sloan, & Co. were entitled to $81,666.66, while Beckham, in his individual right and as trustee for Mrs. Bedon, was entitled to receive $43,333.33. Before this transaction, however, was consummated by a division of the funds among the respective parties, a written notice, dated July 23, 1853, signed by the' attorney of "Cadwalader Jones and the heirs of Allen Jones Davie, deceased," was served upon Peters, Sloan, & Co., to the effect that "one-third of the purchase-money for which the MeCulloch mine in the county of Guilford has lately been sold is claimed by Colonel Cadwalader Jones, as trustee, for the use and benefit of the children and heirs-at-law of Allen J. Davie, by a deed from F. W. Davie, bearing date the 15th January, 1833." They were, by that notice,," requested and notified to retain one-third of said money" in their hands "for the use of said heirs, and not to pay out said third to any person or persons without the consent of Col. C. Jones." This notice induced Peters, Sloan, & Co. to suspend any final settlement and division with Beckham. In the fall of 1853, it seems that Cadwalader Jones, Jr., a son of the trustee named in the deed of Jan. 15, 1833, was employed by the latter, and by William R. Davie, to establish the claim of the heirs of Allen Jones Davie to said land and mines. After his

DAVIE' v. BRIGGS.

[Sup. (it.

employment, Cadwalader Jones, Jr., appears to have had some negotiations with Beckham, which resulted in the latter's executing, in the presence of Sloan, of Peters, Sloan, & Co., and Cadwalader Jones, Jr., a paper, of which the following is a copy: -

"STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, auilford County:

"Whereas Peters, Sloan, & Co. held one-third of the McCulloch

gold-mine in Guilford County, under John Gluyas, Charles McCul-

loch, and William F. Davie, and whereas they had a lease from

Lewis A. Beckham in his own right, and as trustee of Mrs. Julia

Bedon, for two-thirds of said mine for a period the lease will show;

"Whereas said Peters, Sloan, & Co. worked the said mine for

some year or two, and paid one-seventh of the two-thirds of all

the gold extracted whilst they worked the mine to said Lewis A.

Beckham for himself, and as trustee aforesaid;

"Whereas Peters, Sloan, & Co. sold their interest in said mine

for 882,333.33;

"Whereas Lewis A. Beckham sold his interest in said mine for

821,333.33, and his interest as trustee aforesaid for the same sum;

"Whereas Col. Cad. Jones, of Hillsboro', as trustee, claiming the

one-third of said mine as trustee for Allen J. Davie, wife and chil-

dren, as he alleges under a deed from William F. Davie;

"Whereas James Sloan, one of the firm of Peters, Sloan, & Co.,

collected for Lewis A. Beckham his part and the part of Julia

Bedon, to wit, 841,666.66;

"Whereas it is the wish of all the parties for the said several

parties to receive the said several purchases without prejudice to

the legal or equitable claim of Col. Cad. Jones;

"It is agreed that whatever claim the said Cad. Jones had in

said gold-mine he shall have against the several parties who have

sold and received the purchase-money instead of the land itself.

And the said Lewis A. Beckham hereby agrees to acknowledge

service of any bill in equity which the said Cad. Jones and his

cestui que trust may in equity file against himself or against him-

self and others in Guilford County, North Carolina, waiving all

questions as to jurisdiction, to settle any and all questions of title

and right the said Cad. Jones, trustee, or his cestui que trust, have

or may have for the said purchase-money, or the rents and profits

received whilst he had any thing to do with the said mines.

"Actor. 28, 1854."

(ind

""(LS.igAn.edB)Ecxa&H

Oct. 1878.]

DAVIE v. BRIGGS.

Beckham died in 1860 or 1861. His estate was insolvent. In July, 1874, this suit was instituted for the purpose of either
obtaining a partition of the land or a portion of the proceeds of the sale. In the progress of the suit the complainants elected to claim an interest in the proceeds of the sale. Among the defendants are the Belmont Mining Company, James Sloan, M. L. Holmes, and R. J. Holmes, whom the complainants seek to hold liable for their alleged interest in the proceeds of sale. Upon final hearing the bill was dismissed, and the complainants appealed.
The cause was argued by .Mr.James Lowndes and Mr.Edward McCradyj, Jr., for the appellants, and by H. Samuel F. P1illipsfor the appellees.

MR. JUSTICE HARLAx, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
The appellants, as the heirs-at-law of Allen Jones Davie, deceased, assert an interest in the proceeds of a sale which took place in June, 1853, of a tract of land in Guilford County, North Carolina, known many years ago as the McCulloch goldmine.
Whether the defence, so far as it rests upon the Statute of Limitations of North Carolina, can be sustained, depends upon the evidence as to the time when Allen Jones Davie died. The learned counsel for appellants insist that, consistently with the legal presumption of death after the expiration of seven years, without Allen Jones Davie being heard from by his family and neighbors, the date of such death should not be fixed earlier than the year 1858. In that view, - excluding from the computatibn of time the war and reconstruction period between Sept. 1, 1861, and Jan. 1, 1870, as required by the statutes of North Carolina (.7ohnson v. Winslow, 68 N. C. 552), - the suit, it is contended, would not be barred by limitation. The general rule undoubtedly is, that "a person shown not to have been heard of for seven years by those (if any) who, if he had been alive, would naiurally have heard of him, is presumed to be dead, unless the circumstances of the case are such as to account for his not being heard of without assuming his death." Stephen, Law of Evid., c. 14, art. 99; 1 Greenl. Evid.,

DAVIE v. BRIGGS.

[Sup. Ct.

sect. 41; 1 Taylor, Evid., sect. 157, and authorities cited by each author. But that presumption is not conclusive, nor is it to be rigidly observed without regard to accompanying circumstances which may show that death in fact occurred within the seven years. If it appears in evidence that the absent person, within the seven years, encountered some specific peril, or within that period came within the range of some impending or immediate danger, which might reasonably be expected to destroy life, the court or jury may infer that life ceased before the expiration of the seven years. Mr. Taylor, in the first volume of his Treatise on the Law of Evidence (sect. 157), says, that "although a person who has not been heard of for seven years is presumed to be dead, the law raises no presumption as to the time of his death; and, therefore, if any one has to establish the precise period during those seven years at which such person died, he must do so by evidence, and can neither rely, on the one hand, on the presumption of death, nor, on the other, upon the presumption of the continuance of life." These views are in harmony with the settled law of the English courts. In Re Phene's Trust, Law Rep. 5 Ch. 139; Hopewell v. De Pinna, 2 Camp. N. P. 118; Beg. v. Lumley, Law Rep. 1 C. C. 196; Be Lewes's Trusts, Law Rep. 11 Eq. 236; 32 Law J. Ch.104; 40 id. 507; 29 id. 286; 87 id. 265. In the leading case in the Court of Exchequer of Nepean v. Doe dem. Knight (2 Mee. & W. 894), in error from the Court of King's Bench, Lord Denman, C. J., said: "We adopt the doctrine of the Court of King's Bench, that the presumption of law relates only to the fact of death, and that the time of death, whenever it is material, must be a subject of distinct proof." To the same effect are Mr. Greenleaf and the preponderance of authority in this country. 1 Greenl. Evid., sect. 41; Montgomery v. Bevans, 1 Sawyer, 653; Stevens v. McNamara, 36 Me. 176; Smith v. Knowlton, 11 N. H. 191; Flynn v. Coffee, 12 Allen (Mass.), 183; Luing v. Steinman, 1 Mete. (Mass.) 204; McDowell v. Simpson, 1 Houst. (Del.) 467; Whiting v. Nicholl, 46 Ill. 230; Spurr v. Trumble, 1 A. K. Mar. (Ky.) 278; Doe ex dem. Cofer v. Planagan, 1 Ga. 538; Smith v. Smith, 49 Ala. 156; Prim v. Stewart, 7 Tex. 178; Gibbes v. Vincent, 11 Rich. (S. C.) 323; Hancock v. American Life Insurance Co., 62 Mo. 26, 121; Stouvenal v.

Oct. 1878.]

DAVIE v. BRIGGS.

Sephins, 2 Daly (N. Y.), 319; H.efCartee v. Camee, 1 Barb. (N. Y.) Ch. 456. And such seems to be the settled doctrine in North-Carolina. In Spencer v. Moore (11 Ired. 160), the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of that State said: "The rule as to the presumption of death is, that it arises from the absence of the person from his domicile without being heard from for seven years. But it seems rather to be the current of the authorities that the presumption is only that the person is then dead, namely, at the end of seven years; but that the presumption does not extend to the death having occurred at the end, or any other particular time within that period, and leaves it to be judged of as a matter of fact according to the circumstances, which may tend to satisfy the mind, that ii was at an earlier or later day." The question again arose in the subsequent case of 3peneer v. Roper (13 id. 333, 334), when that court reaffirmed Spencer v. 3loore, and, referring with approval to the doctrine announced by the Court of King's Bench in Doe dem. KYnight v. Nepean (5 Barn. & Adol. 86, same case as 2 Mees. & W. 894, supra), said: "Where a party has been absent seven years without having been heard of, the only presumption arising is that he is then dead, -there is none as to the time of his death."
We therefore follow the established law when we inquire whether, according to the evidence, Allen Jones Davie died at an earlier date than at the end or expiration of the seven years when the legal presumption of his death arose. It seems to us that, upon the showing made by the complainants themselves, the conclusion is inevitable that he died some time during the year 1851. As early as July 23, 1853, a written notice was given to Peters, Sloan, & Co., in which they were advised that Colonel Cadwalader Jones and the children of Allen Jones Davie claimed an interest in the proceeds of the sale made by them and Beckham in June, 1853, to the Belmont Mrlining Company. That notice was signed by "Ralph Gorrill, sol'r of C. Jones and the heirs of A. J. Davie dee'd." The notice is produced and relied upon by the complainants in support of their claim.
Further, in the seventh paragraph of the complainants' bill they say, "That the said Allen Jones Davie departed this life,

DAVIE v. BRIGGS.

[Sup. Ot.

as it is believed, some time in the year 1851, but the precise date of his death is not known, nor can any direct proof be
obtained, nothing having been heard from him since the day of November, 1851, when some of a party with whom he had undertaken a journey by land to California, through the country of hostile Indians, returned, saying that the party had been some time fighting the Indians when they left, but that said Allen Jones Davie, with the rest of the party, resolved to press on and fight their way across the country, in which struggle it is believed that he, with the rest of the party, perished, as none of them have ever been heard of since." Again, in the deposition of Cadwalader Jones, Jr., we find this language: "As to Allen Jones Davie, the precise time of his death has never been ascertained, but he perished (it is supposed) in the Indian Territory, April or January, in the year 1851, and has never been heard of since." But this is not all the evidence in the record upon this point. In a statement of "admitted facts," filed in the cause, we find the following: "That the time of the death of Allen Jones Davie is not known, but his death is supposed to have happened late in the fall of 1851, say 1st December, since which time he has not been heard from."
In view of this evidence, we cannot accept as absolutely controlling the legal presumption which, in regard to Allen J. Davie's death, arose at the expiration of seven years from the time when he was last heard from. We cannot determine the rights of the parties upon the hypothesis that his death occurred in the year 1858, when the appellants themselves and their chief witnesses not only unite in declaring their belief that he died in 1851, but state facts which fully justify that belief. Concluding then, as we must, that he died in the year 1851, it seems clear that the claim set up in the bill to an interest in the proceeds of the sale of June, 1853, is barred by the limitation of three years prescribed by the North Carolina statute; and it does not appear that any of the complainants are protected by the savings made in the statute for the benefit of infants and femes covert.
But it is contended that, in view of the absence of the appellants from North Carolina for many years prior to the sale of 1853, and their continuous absence since that date,

Oct. 1878.]

DAVIE v. BRIGGS.

their rights are protected by the saving in the North Carolina statute in favor of persons who, having causes of action, were "beyond the seas" when they accrued.
We are not unaware of the construction which this court has in several decisions placed upon the phrase "beyond the seas," as used in statutes of limitation. In Taw v. Roberdeau (3 Cranch, 173), this court, in considering the meaning of the words "out of this Commonwealth," as employed in a Virginia statute of limitations, said: "Beyond sea and out of the State are analogous expressions, and are to have the same con. struction." In 2i1urray's Lessee v. Baker et al. (3 Wheat. 511), involving the construction of a Georgia statute of limitation, this court held that the words "beyond the seas" must be held to be equivalent to "without the limits of the State." In Bank of Alexandria v. Dyer (14 Pet. 141), the same views were expressed as to a Maryland statute of limitations. While the court in that case approved the interpretation of the words "beyond the seas" as given in previous decisions, it said that its construction was in harmony with the uniform decisions of the courts of Maryland. In Shelby v. Guy (11 Pet. 366), the court was required to interpret the same words in a statute of limitation which was in force in Tennessee before its separation from North Carolina. Mr. Justice Johnson, in his opinion, remarked that it was neither sensible nor reasonable to construe these words according to their literal signification. Upon the suggestion, however, that a contrary decision had then recently been made in Tennessee, the court withheld any positive declaration upon the point, in the hope that the courts of the State would, in due time, furnish such lights upon its settled law as would enable this court to come to a satisfactory conclusion upon the question. The court. at the same time decided, as they had previously done in Green v. Lessee of Neal (6 Pet. 291), and as they subsequently did in ifarpending v. The -Dutch Cqtureh (16 Pet. 455), and Leftlngwell v. Warren (2 Black, 599), that the fixed and received construction by the State courts of local statutes of limitation furnishes rules of decision for this court, so far as such construction and statutes do not conflict with the Constitution of the United States.
Guided by the doctrines of these cases, let us inquire

DAVIE v. BRIGGS.

[Sup. Ct.

-whether the phrase "beyond the seas," used in the statutes of North Carolina, has received a fixed construction in the courts of that State. As early as 1811, in the case of Whitloek v. Walton (2 Murph. 23, 24), the Supreme Court of North Carolina construed the words "beyond the seas," which were used in the Statute of Limitations of 1715. It was there claimed that a citizen of Virginia, who had a cause of action against a citizen of North Carolina, but who failed to sue within the period fixed by the statutes, was within the saving made for the benefit of those "beyond the seas." But the Supreme Court of that State said: "The plaintiff is certainly not within the words of the proviso, and it does not appear to the court that he falls within the true meaning and spirit of it. Great is the intercourse between the citizens of this State and the citizens of other States, particularly adjoining States; and if suits were permitted to be brought on that account against our own citizens, at any distance of time, by citizens of other States, the mischief would be great." That -case was approved in -Earlev. -Dickson (1 Dev. 16), decided in 1826. We have been referred to no later case in that court which, in any respect, modifies these decisions. Consequently, our duty is, without reference to our former decisions, to adopt, in this case, the construction which the Supreme Court of North Carolina has given to the limitation statute of that State. In so doing, we pursue the precise course marked out in the case of Green v. Lessee of Neal (supra), where this court said: "In the case of Iurray's Lessee v. Baker, &c. (3 Wheat. 541), this court decided that the expressions 'beyond seas' and ' out of the State' are analogous, and are to have the same construction. But suppose the same question should be brought befoie this court from a State where the construction of the same words had been long settled to mean literally 'beyond seas,' would not this court conform to it?" The question was answered by saying that "an adherence by the Federal courts to the exposition of the local law, as given by the courts of the State, will greatly tend to preserve harmony 'in the exercise of the judicial power in the State and Federal tribunals." Supervisors v. United States, 18 Wall. 82; Suydam v. Williamson, 24 How. 427.

Oct. 1878.]

DAVIE v. BRIGGS.

It results that the absence of the complainants from the State of North Carolina, but within the United States, does not bring them within the saving made for persons "beyond the seas."
But upon this branch of the case we are met with the additional argument against the application of the Statute of Limitations, that this is a case of an express trust, and therefote it is not embraced by the statute. This trust is alleged to have been created by the writing which Beckham executed on the 23d of July, 1854. But we do not assent to any such construction of that writing, nor do, we perceive any thing in the conduct of the parties which raises a trust even by implication. As was well said by the district judge, "No trust can arise by implication from the circumstances of the transaction, as the defendants assumed no new obligation, or in any way recognized the rights of the plaintiffs to the fund derived from the sale of the land. The defendants held these funds adversely, as they formerly held the lands. They only agreed that if the plaintiffs could show, in a court of equity, that they were entitled to any relief against the defendants as the former holders of the land, the same relief should be had against them as the holders of the proceeds of the land." It is clear, from all the evidence, that no such relations were created between the parties, by the transactions of 1853 and 1854, as suspended or stopped the running of the Statute of Limitations, and the suit seems to be barred.
But independently of the conclusion reached upon the question of limitation, there is another view which, in our opinion, equally precludes all relief to the complainants. It is not at all satisfactorily shown that F. W. Davie ever delivered as his act and deed the conveyance of Jan. 15, 1833. The pre3umption is very strong that he did not. It may be inferred that the original purchase from Teague was made in deference to the wishes, or upon the suggestion, of Allen Jones Davie, whose estimate of the value of the gold under Teague's land was so extravagant that he expressed his belief of its sufficiency to pay the debt of England. The intention of F. W. Davie, perhaps, was at some future time, and when his judgment ap. proved that course, to give his brother, who was of a restless,

DAVIE v. BRIGGS.

[Sup. Ct.

speculative disposition, an interest in the land. It was, doubtless, in preparation for the execution of that purpose that an original deed was prepared and signed by him, containing the terms, conditions, and trusts described in the bill, and of which the paper produced is satisfactorily shown to be a correct copy. But no witness proves that he ever delivered the original to Allen Jones Davie, or to any member of his immediate family, or to Colonel Jones, the designated trustee. If the deed which C. Jones, Jr., refers to is the same original, certainly his testimony falls far short of proving that it was ever in the possession of Allen Jones Davie. That witness states nothing more than his "impression" that he saw the deed in the possession of Allen Jones Davie while the latter lived in Hillsboro', N. C. But he cannot remember its contents. Nor does he state in what year he saw it, or that he recognized the genuine signature of F. W. Davie to the deed. The original, of which the one filed is a copy,'was certainly in the possession of William R. Davie, a son of Allen Jones Davie, some time after the death of F. W. Davie. But where, from whom, or when he obtained it does not appear. It is not proven that he obtained it in the lifetime of F. W. Davie. It is consistent with the proof, and is not a violent presumption, that it was found among the papers of F. W. Davie after his death. There is no competent evidence that any one ever saw it in the hands of Allen Jones Davie, or that F. W. Davie, in his lifetime, in any form, recognized the right of his brother, or of the trustee, Jones, to its possession. Nor is it shown that the alleged trustee was aware, until after the death of F. W. Davie, of the trust intended to be conferred upon him, when the deed should be delivered.
The loose minutes on the trial docket of the case of Allen J. Davie and others against McCulloch furnish no evidence that Allen Jones Davie, during that litigation, had any such deed, or claimed any right under it. The reasonable construction of the order made, in that case, in the year 1840, is that the suit was dismissed because he could not produce any such deed; and if he could not produce it, it must have been because F. W. Davie still had it in his possession, and had not delivered it to his brother. From 1840, down to his leaving for California,

Oct. 1878.]

DAVIE v. BRIGGS.

Allen Jones Davie did not seem to have any connection with

the mines, and no one proves any act or assumption of owner

ship, upon his part, during that period. In view of the great

value which, at one time, he placed upon this property, we

cannot suppose, had the deed been in his custody or under his

control at any time before starting on a perilous overland jour-

ney to California, that he would have left without either putting

it upon record, or asserting his claim to the land in some dis-

tinct form, or protesting against the absolute sale to Beckham

by F. W. Davie. More than a year before be departed for

California, his brother had sold and conveyed to Beckham, by

deed, promptly placed upon record, the identical interest in the

land which the. appellants claim had been, in 1833, effectively

conveyed to their ancestor. If, when the conveyance to Beck-

ham was made, F. W. Davie had not delivered the signed deed

of 1833, his determination in 1850 not to make such delivery,

but to sell the land to Beckham, cannot be questioned by plain-

tiffs in error. Allen Jones Davie had not, so far as the record

shows, paid any thing for an interest in the land, either in

money or services. The copy of the original deed which is

produced recites no consideration except one dollar in hand

paid; and while the record does not furnish an explanation of

his change of purpose, it is clear that F. W. Davie was under no

legal obligation which prevented him, in 1850, from selling the

land, and withholding from his brother the delivery of the deed of

1833. So far as the record speaks, it appears to be a case of an

unexecuted gift by F. W. Davie to his brother. His whole con-

duct for many years prior to his death is altogether inconsistent

with the hypothesis that he bad at any time, prior to his sale to

Beckham, consummated the gift by delivering the deed to his

brother. The conclusions we have expressed are much strength-

ened by what occurred after the sale to the Belmont Mining

Company in June, 1853. In the fall of that year, C. Jones, Sen.,

in conjunction with William R. Davie, a son of Allen Jones

Davie, employed C. Jones, Jr., an attorney and a kinsman of

the latter, to establish the claim of the trustee and the children

of Allen Jones Davie to the land, or to an interest in the pro-

ceeds of its sale. C. Jones, Jr., admits that he entered diligently

upon the discharge of this duty. He was cognizant, because

vol. Vi l.

41

STACEY V. EMERY.

[Sup. ot.

he was present at the execution, of Beckham's agreement of April 2S, 1854, whereby it was stipulated that the trustee and cestui que trust might assert, through legal proceedings, any claim they had in the proceeds of the sale of the land, and wherein Beekham agreed to appear to any suit in equity instituted for such purpose, waiving all question of jurisdiction. Although Cadwalader Jones, Sen., lived within about sixty miles of the land for many years after the sale of June, 1853, no such proceedings were instituted until this suit was commenced in 1874, twenty-four years after the death of F. NV. Davie, and twenty-one years after the sale to the Belmont Mining Company by his grantees, whose deeds were duly recorded. This great lapse of time since the sale of 1853, without an assertion, in some form of legal procedure, of the rights now claimed, is persuasive evidence that the persons who examined into the facts, when they were fresh in the minds of living witnesses, reached the conclusion that the deed of January, 1833, had never been delivered by F. W. Davie, and that therefore neither the trustee nor the children and heirs of Allen Jones Davie acquired any rights thereunder.
Upon the whole case we are satisfied that the decree dismissing the bill was right, and should be affirmed. It is
So ordered.

STACEY V. EMERY.
A., a collector of internal revenue, seized certain whiskey belonging to B., for the condemnation and forfeiture whereof proceedings were afterwards, at the suit of the United States, brought in the proper court. The court rendered a judgment dismissing them; and, "it appearing that the seizure, though improperly made, was made by his superior officer, the supervisor," ordered that a certificate of probable cause be issued to A. B. brought trespass against the supervisor. Held, 1. That the certificate was a bar to the suit. 2. That the motive of the court for granting it makes no part of the record, and should not have been recited therein.
ERROR to the Circuit Court of the United States for the Middle District of Tennessee.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.

Oct. 1878.]

MCBuRNEY V. CARSON.

McBURNEY V. CARSON.
1. Where a suit in equity, to enforce a lien on property within the district, was pending at the time of the passage of the act of June 1, 1872 (17 Stat. 196), and a party who was not an inhabitant of, or found within, the district was thereafter, by an amended bill, made a defendant, -Held, that the court could acquire jurisdiction in the mode prescribed by the thirteenth section of that act.
2. The objection that the defendants to an amended bill were all necessary parties to a supplemental bill filed in the same cause, cannot be made for the first time in this court.
3. A., seised of lands situate in South Carolina, died in 1856. By his last will and testament he appointed B. his executor, with power to sell them and hold the proceeds in trust for his widow and two minor children, -the interest on one-third of said proceeds to be paid to the widow, and that on the other two-thirds to be applied to the education and support of the children until they should attain the age of twenty-one years, when the principal was to be paid to them. B. sold the lands to C. in 1857 for $50,000, receiving therefor $15,000 in cash and the latter's bonds for the deferred payments, secured by a mortgage on the lands, which was duly recorded. In 1861, the widow removed to New York, where she has since resided. In 1863, C. sold the lands to D. for $100,000 in Confederate treasury notes. In that currency, C. paid his bonds to B., who surrendered them, entered the mortgage as satisfied, and invested the currency in Confederate bonds. The children having in 1866 come of age, and assigned their interest in the estate to their mother, she, on the ground that the surrender of C.'s bonds and the cancellation of the mortgage were procured by fraud, brought her bill praying that the bonds of C. be decreed to be subsisting securities, and the mortgage a valid lien on the lands. The court below decreed accordingly. Held, that the decree was proper.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of South Carolina.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
Mr. Edward Mccrady for the appellants.
Mr. James Lowndes and iltr. ClarenceA. Seward, contra.
MR. JUSTICE SWAYNE delivered the opinion of the court. This case was before us at a former time. 19 Wall. 94. The decree of the Circuit Court was reversed, and the cause remanded for further proceedings. Such proceedings have been had, and it is again before us by appeal. A brief statement of the facts and of the further history of the case is necessary.

MCBURNEY V. OARSON.

[Sup. Ct.

William Carson, of South Carolina, died in August, 1856, leaving a widow, Caroline, and two minor sons, William and James. He left considerable personal property, and a plantation known as Dean Hall. By his will he appointed Robertson and Blacklock his executors, and directed all his estate to be sold on such terms as they should deem proper. The proceeds, after the payment of his debts, were to be divided into three parts, to be held in trust by his executors. The interest of one-third was to be paid to the widow. The interest of the other two-thirds was to be devoted to the education and support of the two sons until they should come of age. The principal was then to be paid over to them.
The executors sold Dean Hall to Elias N. Ball, and took his bonds and mortgage for a part of the purchase-money. In 1863, Ball sold the property to Hyatt, MeBurney, & Co., a firm consisting of Hyatt, MeBurney, Gillespie, Hazletine, and
McGhan. The conveyance was made to Gillespie and MeBurney. The firm paid for the property in Confederate treasury notes. Out of the proceeds Ball paid his bonds to Robertson, and took them up and discharged the mortgage. Blacklock, the other executor, was then absent from the country, and upon his return refused to recognize the transaction. Hyatt sold his interest in the plantation to the other members of the firm, and Gillespie and MeBurney gave him a lien upon it to secure the payment of the purchase-money. When the executors sold this property to Ball, they sold to him also a considerable amount of personal property on credit, and took his bond, with W. J. Ball as surety, for the price.
As the sons of the testator came of age they transferred their entire interest in the estate of their father to their mother. She filed the bill to set aside the cancellation of the mortgage upon Dean Hall as fraudulent and void, and to charge Elias N. Ball and his surety with the amount due upon their bonds given for the personal property. The bill did not make any member of the firm of McBurney & Co. a party, except MeBurney. Hyatt, it appeared, was a resident of New York, of which State the complainant was also a resident and citizen. Elias N. Ball was made a party, but was not served with process. The Circuit Court decreed in favor of

Ot. 1878.]

McBURNEY v. CARSON.

the complainant. This court held that Hyatt was not an indispensable party, as the decree would not affect his rights; but that Ball and Gillespie were such parties. The decree was therefore reversed, and the cause remanded for further proceedings.
After the cause was reinstated in the Circuit Court, the complainant filed an amended bill. In the mean time, Elias N. Ball had removed to the State of New Jersey, had there gone into bankruptcy, and Elias N. Miller had been appointed his assignee. Ball afterwards received his discharge and died. The defendants named in the bill were McBurney, McGhan, Gillespie, and Hazletine, being all the members of the firm of Hyatt, McBurney, & Co., except Hyatt, Robertson, and Blacklock, the executors, and Elias N. Miller, the assignee in bankruptcy of Ball. We hold, as we held before, that Hyatt is not an indispensable party. Hazletine could not be found. He was thereupon notified pursuant to the act of Congress of June 1, 1872 (17 Stat. 198, sect. 13). It is objected that the act could not apply to a suit pending when it was passed. It was not applied retrospectively, but only as to parties sought to be brought into the case more than a year after its passage. Such a result is consistent with its terms. There is no reason why it should not be so applied. It is a remedial statute, and should be liberally construed to accomplish the end in view. This construction is abundantly supported by well-considered authorities. Southwick v. Southwick, 49 N. Y. 510; .Ex parte Lane, 3 Metc. (Mass.) 213; Holyolke v. Haskins, 9 Pick. (Mass.) 259; Bader v. Southeasterly Road, &c., 36 N. J. L. 273 ; Tilton v. Swift & Co., 40 Iowa, 78; People v. lAfortimer, 46 Cal. 114; Cooley, Const. Lim. 381.
But as we held before, and still hold, that Hazletine was not an indispensable party, we forbear to pursue the subject further. He is sufficiently represented by his copartners, Gillespie and McBurney, in whom is vested the legal title of the Dean Hall property. Both of them appeared and answered. Miller, the assignee in bankruptcy of Ball and Gillespie, was ordered to appear and plead, answer, or demur to the bill. Both acknowledged service of the order. This brought them effectually before the court. In McBurney's answer he in-

OcBURNEY V. CARSON.

[Sup. Ct.

sisted that Miller, as assignee, and the facts of Ball's bankruptcy, discharge, and death, could be brought into the case only by a supplemental bill. The court thereupon ordered such a bill to be filed for that purpose, and it was filed accordingly. It made Miller alone a defendant. Here it has been insisted that all the other defendants to the amended bill should have been made parties to the supplemental bill also. To this objection it is a sufficient answer that it does not appear to have been taken below. It cannot, therefore, be taken here. Were we to hold otherwise, we should in this respect exercise original instead of appellate jurisdiction. There are other answers equally conclusive, but it is needless to consume time by adverting to them.
It is also objected that William Carson and James Carson, the sons of William Carson, deceased, had only a right of action, and that this right could not be transferred to the complainant. This is an inverted view of the subject. The bill charges fraud, conspiracy, and spoliation. If the charge is untrue, the bill should be dismissed. If otherwise, there is a recoil upon the wrong-doers, and those intended to be despoiled are unaffected. Their rights are just what they would have been if the scheme had been neither conceived nor executed. A different result would be a legal solecism.
All the obstructions are thus removed from our way to the examination of the merits of the case.
The last amended bill is silent as to the sale of the personal property, and the decree relates only to the bonds of Ball for the purchase-money of the plantation and the mortgage securing them upon that property. The decree charges upon the property the amount due on the bonds, and directs the mortgage to be enforced in all respects as if the bonds had not been surrendered and the mortgage had not been cancelled. McBurney and McGhan are the only appellants. Our further remarks will be confined to the subject of the decree.
The executors sold the property to Ball in the spring of 1857 for $50,000. He paid $15,000 down, and gave his bonds for the balance, secured by a mortgage upon the premises, as before stated. The property was valuable, and the amount due was well secured. The debt was payable only in lawful money

Oct. 1878.]

MoBURNEY v. CARSON.

of the United States, and the executors had no right to take any thing in payment but such money or its equivalent. Such was the condition of things in the spring of the year 1863.
The civil war was then flagrant in South Carolina. McBurney says, that having a large quantity of cotton on hand, and the city being blockaded, his firm "were willing to change some of their investments into real estate until peace should be restored." This was shrewd and wise. The sole currency there was Confederate money. The Dean Hall property lay invitingly before them, but was incumbered by a heavy mortgage for the benefit of the widow and the orphans. The plan was conceived of acquiring the title and getting rid of the mortgage, both by means of Confederate currency. They thus executed it: They gave Ball $100,000 in Confederate notes for the property, and took a conveyance from him. They placed a part of the Confederate money in his hands, as McBurney says, "to enable him to pay off his bonds to said executors and to satisfy said mortgage." Robertson received payment in this paper and thereupon gave up the bonds, and as soon as he could get access to the record entered satisfaction of the mortgage. He invested the notes in Confederate bonds, which became utterly worthless at the close of the war.
MeBurney & Co. and the Carsons thus hanged places. The former still hold the broad acres, while the latter have lost every dollar of their investment, so well secured at the outset upon the property. They became, as it were, the insurers of the fate of battles and of the result of war. There was evidently a plot. McBurney & Co. were its contrivers, Ball was their instrument, Robertson was their dupe, and the Carsons were the victims.
If the case stopped here we could not hesitate as to what our judgment should be. But in its strictly legal aspect it is equally free from doubt.
In Ward v. Smith (7 Wall. 451), this court held that a valid payment could not be made to an agent in the Confederate States during the rebellion in any thing but lawful money of the United States, or bank-notes of the current value of their face, without the consent of the creditor.
In Horn v. Lockart (17 id. 570), an executor had sold prop-

McBURNEY v. CARSON.

[Sup. Ct.

erty, invested the proceeds in Confederate bonds, and his conduct had been approved and ratified by a decree of the Probate Court. It was held by this court that the investment was void, that the decree of the Probate Court was a nullity, and that the executor was liable to the distributees in good money
for the full amount involved. .Fretzv. Stover (22 id. 198), in its most prominent features,
is not unlike the case before us. There, a citizen of Pennsylvania, just before the breaking out of the war, took the bond of a citizen of Virginia, secured by a deed of trust upon real estate. The attorney of the creditor was the trustee in the deed. Du'ing the war the attorney received payment in Confederate notes, and Virginia bank-notes of no greater value, the entire capital of the bank having been converted into Confederate bonds. After the close of the war the creditor sued for his debt. This court adjudged that the transaction between the attorney and the debtor was illegal, fraudulent, and void, and decreed the enforcement of the bond and deed of trust.
The question has been raised whether Robertson acted, touching the bonds and mortgage of Ball, as executor or trustee. The matter is immaterial in this case. An executor guilty of a devastavit, whereby assets are diverted from their proper application, and a trustee guilty of a breach of trust, and their accomplices, if they have any, are held liable upon the same principle and to the same extent. Fieldv. Schreffelin, 7 Johns. (N. Y.) Ch. 150; Hill v. Simpson, 7 Ves. 152.
There can, however, be no doubt upon the point suggested. "Where the will contains express directions what the executors are to do, an executor who proves the will must do all which he is dir'ected to do as executor, and he cannot say that though executor he is not clothed with any of those trusts." 3 Williams, Executors, 1796.
Proving the will is an acceptance of the trust. lfucklow zv. Fuller,Jacob, 198. Where a trust is created by a will and no trustee appointed, "the executor is bound to act as such trustee." Holbrook v. 1H-arringtonand Others,16 Gray (Mass.), 102. In such case the sureties in the bond of the executor are liable for his defaults, whether in one sphere of duty or the other.

Oct. 1878.]

ELLIOTT V. RAILROAD CO.

Newcomb v. Williams, 9 Metc. (Mass.) 525; Prior v. TIalbott, 10 Cush. (Mass.) 1; -Doorv. Wainright, 13 Pick. (Mass.) 328; Towne v. Ammidown, 20 id. 535.
-Decreeaffirmed.

ELLIOTT V. RAM-ROAD COMPANY.
1. The court reaffirms its ruling in Erskine v. Mfivaukee 6 St. PaulRailroadCo. (94 U. S. 619), that the forfeiture of $1,000 is the only penalty to which a corporation is liable for default, under sect. 122 of the internal-revenue act of June 30, 1864 (13 Stat. 284), as amended by the act of July 13, 1866 (14 id. 138).
2. No intention to add to the penalty for that default, while the section remained in force, is manifested by the act of July 14, 1870 (16 Stat. 260).
3. Penalties are never extended by implication. Unless expressly imposed, they cannot be enforced.
ERROR to the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
This is an action of trespass on the case by the East Pennsylvania Railroad Company against William B. Elliott, collector of internal revenue for the first district of Pennsylvania. The jury returned a special verdict as follows: -
1. That the plaintiff is a railroad company, incorporated under the laws of the State of Pennsylvania, and having its principal office in the first United States internal-revenue collection district of said State at the date of the returns and payments hereinafter mentioned.
2. That the defendant was, at the date of the said payments, collector of internal revenue of the United States for the said district.
3. That on the eighteenth day of January, 1870, a dividend of $39,276, being three per cent on the capital stock of the said company, became due and payable, and was paid to the stockholders of the said company by the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Company as rent for the railroad of the said plaintiff, payable for the preceding six months, under the provisions of a lease and contract dated May 19, 1869, whereby the railroad of the said plaintiff was leased to the Philadelphia

Oct. 1878.]

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

the contract. TFashburn v. Franklin, 85 Barb. (N. Y.) 599 ; s. c. 13 Abb. Pr. 140. If the act of Dec. 14, 1875 (supra), repealed the restraining laws absolutely as to cities, which we do not decide, the notes first issued by the city were valid from that time.
We think the charge as quoted was right. Hitheock v. Galveston, 96 U. S. 341; The Mayor v. Bay, 19 Wall. 468; .PoliceJury v. Britton, 15 id. 566; Mullarky v. Cedar Falls, 19 Iowa, 24; Sykes v. Laffery, 27 Ark. 407; Wright v. Hughes, 13 Ind. 109, are authorities to the point. See also the numerous cases cited in Dillon, Mun. Corp., sect. 407, note.
Judgment affirmed.

BLAXE v. HAvUs.
1. An appointment under a power is an intent to appoint carried out, and, if made by the last will and testament of the donee of the power, the intent, although not expressly declared, may be determined by the gifts and directions made, and if their purpose be to execute the power, the instrument must be regarded as an execution.
2. A., who had a power to appoint a fund in the hands of B., made her will, wherein she declared her intention thereby to execute all powers vested in her, particularly those created in her favor by certain deeds executed in 1839, whereby she became entitled to appoint that fund. Following this declaration were various gifts ofpecuniary legacies for charitable purposes, amounting to $28,500, and also provisions for the payment of certain annuities. Special disposition and appropriation were made of her personal property, which consisted of household furniture, carriage and horses, a growing crop upon a farm, a small sum of cash in hand, some petty debts due her, and about sixty slaves, the latter constituting nearly nine-tenths of the value of the whole. Certain real estate was also to be sold, and the proceeds applied to a specific purpose. The will declared that if it should appear at her decease that the bequests exceeded the amount of funds left, the first five only (those to charities) should be curtailed until brought within the assets. The fund in the hands of B. was not more than sufficient to pay the legacies. Held, 1. That it was the intention of the testatrix that the legacies to charitable purposes and to pay annuities should be paid, but not from the proceeds of the personal property which she owned in her own right, and specifically appropriated. 2. That the will was an execution of the power, and it appointed the whole fund to her executors.

216

BLAKE V. HAWKINN.

[Sup. Ct.

3. The "deed of explanation" (infira, p. 317) executed in 1S15 was effectual, and

its operation was to reduce the annuity charged upon the lands in flit dImd

of 189 proportionately as A. reduced the fund charged by h.r appoint-

ments or outlays, so as to make the annuity in each and

Yye'ear .qual

to six per cent interest on so much of said fund as rcmaizn d unalipr pri-

ated or unexpended by her in each and every year repcctively.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of North Carolina.
George Pollock, who was seised and possessed of a largc estate, consisting of lands, slaves, and personal effects, died in 1839. He devised and bequeathed it all to his sister Fraict's, wife of John Devereux, by whom she had three childrvn, Thomas P., George, and Frances Ann who intermarried with Leonidas Polk. George died leaving his children Elizaleth and Georgina surviving him, the former of whom is the 'wife of Grinfill Blake, and the latter of John Townsend.
On July 8, 1839, John Devereux and Frances his wife conveyed to Thomas P. Devereux in fee the real estate so devised subject, however, to charges as follows: -
"First,that the said Thomas P. Devereux, his heirs and assign, shall, on the first day of March in each and every year during the life of the said Frances Devereux, pay to the said Frances, into her own hands, or according to her own order, and to her sole and separate use, and subject to her own disposal, as if she were a feme sole and unmarried, the yearly sum of $3,000."
" Thirdly, that the said Thomas P. Devereux, his heirs or assigns, shall invest for, or pay to, the said Frances, at such times, in such proportions, and in such manner and form as she shall direct and require, to and for her own sole and separate use, and subject to her own disposal by will, deed, or writings in nature thereof, or otherwise, to all intents and purposes (notwithstanding her coverture) as if she were afeme sole and unmarried, the sum of 65U,000; but if the said sum of money, or any part thereof, shall remain unpaid, or shall not be invested during her life, and if the said Frances shall not by deed, or will, or writing in nature thereof, or by some other act give, grant, dispose, or direct any payment, investment, or application of the same, then the said sum of money, or so much thereof as shall remain not paid, given, granted, disposed, or directed to be invested, paid, or applied, shall be considered as lapsing, and the charge therefor as extinguished for the benefit of the said Thomas.'

Oct. 1878.]

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

On the same day John Devereux also conveyed to said Thomas tihe personalty bequeathed by said Pollock.
John Devereux died in 1844, and in 1845 his widow executed a "deed of explanation," which, after referring to that
of July 3, 1839, is as follows:
"And whereas in and by *the same the sum of $50,000 was secured to the said Frances, together with an annuity of $3,000; and whereas the annuity was by the said Frances understood to be the interest of the said sum of $50,000, and not in addition thereto, and was to abate as the principal of the said sum was from time to time paid; and whereas doubts have arisen whether the said deed may not bear a contrary construction, and the said annuity be chargeable on the said estate over and above the said $50,000:
Now, these presents are to declare that the true meaning and intent of the part of the said settlement above referred to is, that the sum of $50,000, with the annual interest thereon, was to be hereby reserved to the said Frances, and that the said interest was to cease pro rata as portions of the said principal sum were from time to time paid and discharged, in the same manner as if the same was a debt due by the said estate, and that no annuity except the said interest was intended to be reserved by the said settlement to the said Frances."

In 1849 she died. Her last will and testament, bearing date Dec. 23, 1847, was, after protracted litigation, admitted to probate in August, 1852. The first and introductory clause is as
follows : -
"I, Frances Devereux, of North Carolina, . . . do make and ordain this my last will and testament, intending thereby to execute all powers vested in me, and enacted in any deed or deeds heretofore executed, particularly those powers created in my favor by two certain deeds settling and assuring the estate of my late brother, George Pollock, to my son, Thomas P. Devereux, dated some time in the month of July, in the year of our Lord eighteen hundred and thirty-nine, and executed by my late husband and myself."
She bequeathed by the first five items five legacies, of $4,000 each, to five several charitable institutions; by the sixth, $500 to her executors for a charitable purpose; by the eighth,

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

[Sup. Ct.

87.500 to Thomas P. Devereux, in trust, to aplN the incomn on the same annually to the payment of cert:aiii annuitics and charities therein specified; by the twelfth, .5500 to S. S. Souter, for a charitable purpose specified. There is no other pecuniary legacy, and no residuary devise or beque.t. "lhoiuis P. Devereux and others were appointed executors. but did not qualify as such. Seymour W. Whiting, who had be.ii appointed administrator pendente lite, was, Nov. 16, PI52, appointed administrator cum testamento annexo. Her heirs-atlaw and next of kin were her children, Thomas P. and Frances Ann, and her grandchildren, Elizabeth and Georgina. 11er property at her death consisted of so much of the aforesaid $50,000 and the annuity of $3,000 per annum as she had not appointed or expended during her lifetime, upwards of sixty negro slaves, the growing crop and farming stock and utensils on her farm in Bertie County in that State, which she was cultivating jointly with a grandson, the household and kitchen furniture at her residence in Raleigh, and some small amount in cash on hand and petty debts due to her.
On March 26, 1859, the complainants, said Elizabeth and Georgina, filed their bill in equity against Thomas P. Devereux, Leonidas Polk and Frances Ann his wife, setting forth the foregoing facts, and further alleging that the said Thomas's pretended renunciation of his executorship, and the appointment of said Whiting as administrator with the will annexed, were as to the complainants wholly void and of no effect; that the said Thomas was accountable to them in equity, as executor, for their share of the assets of the said Frances remaining after the payment of her debts, funeral and testamentary expenses, and the legacies, which last, it was alleged, did not exhaust said assets, but left a large amount in his hands for distribution, to one-third of which they were entitled.
The bill alleges that said Thomas, both before and after his renunciation, intermeddled with her assets, and had the exclusive control and administration thereof; that lie took possession of them immediately upon her decease, disposed of them from time to time, and converted them to his own use; especially that on or about the 7th of October, 1852, he, before the appointment of Whiting as administrator with the will

Oct. 1878.].

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

annexed, caused fifty-seven slaves belonging to her estate to be appraised and divided between himself and Frances Ann Polk; and that he had then in his possession, or in the possession of his attorney or agents, the original paper or a copy thereof, containing the details of said appraisal and division; that said Whiting was appointed by the procurement of said Thomas and as a mere form, the latter becoming his bondsman; that Whiting, if he acted at all in the administration of said: assets, did so entirely under the direction of said Thomas; that he never returned an inventory, nor rendered an account of his administration, and is now deceased; that said Thomas's renunciation was a contrivance to avoid being called to account; that he procured said renunciation to be accepted by a concealment and suppression of the facts above stated; that he purchased up the pecuniary legacies for about half their amount, and claimed for himself the profit derived therefrom; that he paid debts of the testatrix, and converted the residue remaining in his hands to his own use; and that her estate and effects were in fact administered and disposed of by him before the appointment of said Whiting in November, 1852.
The bill prayed for a discovery and for an account. The defendants, Leonidas Polk and wife, entered an appearance, but neither demurred nor answered. The defendant Thomas filed his answer, admitting the main facts set out in the bill, but denying all fraud, and insisting that if, upon the proper construction of the deeds made to him, it is somewhat doubtful whether the yearly reservation of $3,000 was not intended to be a stipulation for the annual payment of the interest upon the sum of $50,000, such was the intention of said Fiances, and if not expressed, it was a mistake in drafting them; that after the death of her husband she executed an instrument declaring such interpretation and intention; and that he is not liable to account for the said sum of $50,000, nor for the interest thereon, because she did not appoint the same by her will, and therefore the same lapsed for his benefit. He refuses to make any discovery, or to render any account of the same. He denies that he is accountable to the complainants as her executor; alleges that he renounced that office; denies that he intermeddled with the assets in any other manner than

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

[Sup. Ct.

as is set out in his answer; and in this connection gives an account of his purchase of the pecuniary legacies from the several charitable institutions, and of some of the dealings nnd accounts between himself and Whiting, while the latter aet(-d as administrator pendente lite, and after he became administrator with the will annexed. He filed other exhibits, the proceedings connected with the caveat of the will, showing his purchase of the legacies, and his conveyance of part of her slaves to the trustee of Frances Ann Polk, all executed before Whiting was appointed. He also filed exhibits showing accounts rendered to him by said Whiting.
The complainants excepted to the sufficiency of the answer, because it failed to set out whether he had not divided fiftyseven slaves of the testatrix between himself and Frances Ann Polk, on the 7th of October, 1852, before Whiting was appointed, and a paper writing evidencing said division; because it failed to set out the disposition made of the $50,000 find and the $3,000 annuity; because it did not set out the tenor and contents of certain paper writings, in refereice to the management of that fund, which he admitted he had 'obtained from Whiting.
He thereupon further answered, refusing to account for the $50,000 charge and the $3,000 annuity, and to disclose the contents of the paper writings received friom Whiting, because they referred to the management of the $50,000 charge; but he exhibited the paper writing evidencing the division of the fifty-seven slaves between himself and Frances Ann Polk.
The plaintiffs filed their replication at the November Term, 1859, but at the June Term, 1860, withdrew it, at request of said Thomas, who filed an amended answer, and the replication was then refiled.
At the November Term, 1860, no depositions having been taken, the cause was set down for hearing upon the pleadings, exhibits, and proofs.
Thomas P. Devereux having become a bankrupt, that fact was suggested, and William J. Hawkins and George W. Mordecai, his assignees, were made parties defendant.
Said Thomas having died, the suit was revived against R. C.

Oct. 1878.]

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

Badger, administrator de bonis non, cum testamento annexo, of

Frances Devereux, deceased.

At the June Term, 1869, the court passed an order, referring

the case to a master to state an account, 1, of the payments.

out of the annuity of $3,000, or out of the $50,000 in trust, to

or by direction of Mis. Devereux; 2, of the charitable be-

quests in the will, and of the sums actually paid in satisfaction

or purchase of them; 3, of the balances, if any remaining, of

the $3,000 and $50,000, after deducting the sums paid to her,

or by her direction, during her life, and in satisfaction of lega-

cies since her death; 4, also of the administration of her

estate, showing the amount of assets (excluding balances, if

any, of the $3,000 and .$50,000), and of the debts paid, and the

balance, if any.

At the November Term, 1873, the master filed his report.

At the June Term, 1874, the case having been heard upon the

pleadings,: exhibits, proofs, order of reference, and report of the

master, and the exceptions filed thereto, the court decreed,-

1. That Frances Devereux did not by her last will and

testament appoint the fund of $50,000, which, by the deed of

July 3, 1 39, conveying her lands to Thomas P. Devereux, she

had powor to charge upon said land, to be part of her general:

personal estate in the hands of her executors; nor appoint the

said fund at all, except so far as it is necessary to resort to the

same to pay off the pecuniary legacies bequeathed by her in her

said will, after exhausting for that purpose what remains of her

general ,personal assets, after payment of her debts and funeral

expenses, and the costs of administering her estate.

2. That "the deed of explanation," executed by the said

Frances in 1845, was effectual; and that the operation thereof

was to educe the annuity of $3,000 charged upon said lands, in

said deed of 1839, proportionably as the said Frances reduced

the aforesaid $50,000 by her appointments or outlays, so as to

make said annuity, in each and every year, equal to six per

cent interest on so much of said fund of $50,000 as remained

unapp'ointed or unexpended by the said Frances, in each and

every.year respectively.

3., That the plaintiffs are not entitled to any account of the

said fnund of $50,000, except so far as it is necessary to take an

YOL. VIII.

21

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

[Sup. Ct.

account of the same to ascertain the amount of the aforesaid annuity, in each and every year during the life of the said Frances, but that they are entitled to an account of so much of said annuity as remained unexpended in the hands of 'hI'ionias P. Devereux at the date of the decease of the said Frances. and also to an account of so much and such parts of the general personal estate of the said Frances, including the negro slaves divided between the said Thomas P. and the defendant, Leonidas Polk, in October, 1852, as came to the hands of the said Thomas P. after the decease of the said Frances; but the said Thomas P. is not liable to account with the plaintiffs generally, as executor of the last will and testament of the said Frances, for all her personal estate; and especially is he not liable to account with them for so much, or such parts, of said personal estate as came into the hands of said Whiting, deceased, to be administered by him, either as administrator pendente lite, or as administrator aum testamento annexo of the said Frances.
4. That in taking the account with the estate of the said Thomas P., now in the hands of the defendants, who are his assignees in bankruptcy, the said assignees are to be credited with the amounts which the said Thomas P. expended in purchasing up the pecuniary legacies bequeathed by the said Frances to the several charitable societies, and the said assignees are not to be credited with the full amount of said legacies, unless or except where the said Thomas P. paid the full amount
therefor. 5. That, in taking the account last aforesaid, the master
shall regard the paper writing bearing date Oct. 2, 1846, signed by Frances Devereux, and accompanying the master's report, as an exhibit, as a stated account between the said Frances and Thomas P. Devereux, deceased, conclusive of -all matters of account between them, both in respect to the $50,000 fund and the 83,000 annuity aforesaid, previous to and including the twenty-second day of June, 1846, excepting such matters of account as are, by the express terms of the said paper writing, saved out of its operation, for future adjustment, by reference or otherwise; ascertaining the balance due by the said Thomas P. to the said Frances, subject to the

Oct. 1878.]

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

exceptions and corrections last aforesaid, on the said twentysecond day of June, 1846, to be $29,664.60.
6. That in taking said account the master shall also regard the paper writing made out some time in the latter part of the year 1847, signed by William D. Cooke, and accompanying said report, as an exhibit, as a stated account between the said Frances and Thomas P. Devereux, deceased, conclusive of all matters of account between them, in respect to the $50,000 fund and the $3,000 annuity aforesaid, and all other matters, previous to and including the twenty-first day of June, 1847, saving such matters of account as are, by the note at the foot of said paper writing, expressly excepted out of its operation, for future adjustment, by reference or otherwise; ascertaining the balance due by the said Thomas P. to the said Frances, subject to the exceptions and corrections last aforesaid, on the said twenty-first day of June, 1847, to be $25,086.97.
The complainants having waived a re-reference to the master, the account was forthwith corrected, so as to conform to this decree, and a final decree entered, that the complainants recover $722.14 against the assignees in bankruptcy of T. P. Devereux, deceased; from which decree the complainants appealed to this court, and here assign the following errors :
The court below erred, because, 1. Under the circumstances of this case, Thomas P. Devereux, as the executor of said Frances, was liable to account with the plaintiffs for all her personal assets. 2. Her will was an appointment of the whole of the $50,000 charged upon the land, conveyed to him by deed of July 8, 1889, to be part of her general personal assets in the hands of her executors. 8. The instrument styled "the deed of explanation," executed by her in 1845, was ineffectual for any purpose, having no operative words of release or receipt: it was presumptively fraudulent for him, a trustee, to take it from his cestui que trust. It cannot be used even as evidence to correct the alleged mistake in the deed of July 8, 1889; and it in no manner affects the annuity of $3,000, so as to reduce the amoumt thereof. 4. As executor, he ought to be charged with all arrears of the whole of the $8,000 annuity, created by the deed of July 3,

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

[Sill. Ct.

1839, charged on his land, which were unexpended or unappointed by her at her death, as part of her personal assets in his hands.
5. In taking his account as executor, the paper writing bearing date Oct. 20, 1846, signed by her, which was not pleaded or set up in the answer, ought not to be regarded as a stated account, conclusive of all matters of account between him and her, before and including.the 22d of June, 1846, the same being at most but her receipt or admission, affording only evidence of no very great weight, under the circumstances proved before the master, of the matters therein admitted.
6. In taking his account as executor, the paper writing bearing date in the year 1847, signed by William D. Cooke. which was not pleaded nor set up in the answer, ought not to be regarded as a stated account, conclusive of all matters of account between the said Thomas and the said Frances, before and including the twenty-first day of June, 1847, the same being, at most, only an admission by her agent, never intended as a memorial of, nor founded upon, an actual accounting by said Thomas.
Mr. Samuel P. Phillips for the appellants. Mr. A. S. Merrimon, contra.

MR. JUSTICE STRONG delivered the opinion of the court. It is a common remark, that, when interpreting a will, the attending circumstances of the testator, such as the condition of his family, and the amount and character of his property, may and ought to be taken into consideration. The interpreter may place himself in the position occupied by the testator when he made the will, and from that standpoint discover what was intended. Brown v. Thorndike, 15 Pick. (Mass.) 388; 1]ostlethwaite's Appeal, 68 Pa. St. 477; Smith v. Bell, 6 Pet. 68. Such a method of procedure is, we think, appropriate to the present case. Mrs. Devereux's will was made on the twenty-third day of December, 1847, about eighteen months before her death. There is no reason to believe there was any essential change in the nature or the amount of her property between the date of her making the will and her decease, and it may fairly be assumed that what she had in June, 1849, the time of her

Oct. 1878.]

BLAKE v. HAWKINS.

death, she had when she made her testamentary disposition. At that time her personal property consisted of her household furniture, her carriage and horses, a growing crop upon a farm she was cultivating jointly with her grandson John Devereux, a small sum of cash in hand, some petty debts due to her, and about sixty slaves. The slaves, as appears in a subsequent appraisement, constituted the principal part in value, very nearly, if not quite, nine-tenths of the whole. Iii addition to this, she owned a house and lot in Chapel Hill, which she directed to be sold; and she had a power to appoint the unappropriated balance of a fund of $50,000 then in the hands of her son, Thomas P. Devereux. Such was the property of which she attempted to make a disposition. Her will commenced with a declaration of her intention "thereby to execute all powers vested in (her) and enacted in any deed or deeds theretofore executed, particularly- those powers created in her favor by two certain deeds settling and assuring the estate of her late brother, George Pollock, to (her) son, Thomas P. Devereux, dated some time in the month of July, in the year of our Lord eighteen hundred and thirty-nine, and executed by her late husband and herself." This was followed by her testamentary dispositions. By the first five she gave five legacies of $4,000 each to five several charitable institutions, to each an equal sum. By the sixth item she bequeathed $500 to her executors for- a charitable purpose. By the eighth she bequeathed $7,500 to her son, Thomas P. Devereux, to apply the income annually to the payment of certain annuities and charities therein specified; and by the, twelfth item she bequtathed $500 for another specified charity. The will contains no other gifts of pecuniary legacies. The aggregate of these is $28,500. _ Special dispositions are made of her slaves, horses, cattle, hogs, crops, and farming utensils, and of the proceeds of the sale of her house and lot in Chapel Hill, generally, indeed, of all that she possessed in her own right.
Whether this will was an execution of the power reserved to her by the deed to her son, referred to in the introductory clause, - whether it was an appointment of so much of the sum of $50,000 made subject to her appointment by the deed, as remained undisposed of by her, is the most important question we have now to consider. It must be admitted that the

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

[Sup. Ct.

avowal by the testatrix in the introductory clause of her will of her purpose thereby to execute the power was not itself an execution. It is important only as it may shed light upon the subsequent dispositions. A previously expressed intention may serve to explain language afterwards used, and show what its meaning is; but it is one thing to intend a future act, and quite another to carry out that intention. While it is true that whether a power has been executed or not is a question involving a consideration of the intent of the donee of the power, it is equally true the intention must be found in the acts or dispositions of the donee, and not alone in any previously expressed purpose. Prior to the English Statute of Wills (1 Vict. c. 26), - which, so far as it relates to appointments by will, has been enacted in North Carolina, certain things had been generally accepted as indicative of an intention to execute a power, and as sufficient indications. As expressed in repeated decisions, these were: first, some reference to the power in the will or other instrument; second, some reference to the power or subject over which the power extends; and, third,where the provisions of the will or other instrument executed by the donee of the power would be ineffectual or a mere nullity, or would have no operation if not an execution of the power. The first of these indications, however, must be understood as a reference to the power in the dispositions actually made. In Lowson v. Lowson (3 Bro. C. C. 272), a will expressed to have been made in pursuance of a power which the testator had, was held by the Lord Chancellor not to have been an execution thereof, because the subsequent dispositions were apparently applicable only to his own estate. It may be remarked that Sir Edward Sugden expresses doubts of the correctness of this decision, for the reasons given by Lord Thurlow; but he still lays down the rule, that "although a will be expressed to be made in pursuance of the power, yet if the testator appears to dispose of his own property only, the power will not be executed by the will." Sugden, Powers (2d Am. ed.), 364. On the other hand, if the will contains no expressed intent to exert the power, yet if it may reasonably be gathered from the gifts and directions made that their purpose and object were to execute it, the will must be regarded as an execution. After all, an appoint-

Oct. 1878.]

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

ment under a power is an intent to appoint carried out, and if made by will, the intent and its execution are to be sought for through the whole instrument.
Turning now to the will we have before us, two things are evident. The first is, that the testatrix did not intend that the pecuniary legacies given for charitable purposes, and to pay annuities, should be satisfied out of her own personal property; and the second is, that she did intend that those legacies should be paid. Substantially all her own property she devoted to other uses. Her horses, cattle, hogs, &c., crops and farming utensils, her carriage, wagon, and all personal property except negroes, in the possession of her grandson, John Devereux, she directed to be sold, and the proceeds applied to the payment of her debts; and she appears to have doubted whether they would be sufficient. Her house and lot in Chapel Hill she ordered to be sold, and directed the sum paid for it to be invested in some productive stock, ordering, however, a payment out of it, and out of the funds arising from the sale of some negroes, to satisfy an annuity of $150 during a life or lives. By these specific appropriations she negatived any right to apply these funds to the payment of the pecuniary legacies mentioned in the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, eighth, and twelfth items in the will. Nothing of her own personal property, of any considerable value, remained, except her slaves. Six of them she specifically bequeathed. One she ordered to be sold, devoting the proceeds to the distribution of tracts and religious books, and three others were directed to be sold at private sale, and a portion of the avails, if not all, she appropriated to the.payment of an annuity. The remainder of her slaves she provided might be taken at a valuation by her son-in-law and grandson, upon their giving bonds for payment of the appraised value in ten annual instalments. These bonds, of course, could not be applied to the discharge of the pecuniary legacies as they fell due. Thus it appears that while she gave pecuniary legacies amounting in the aggregate to more than $28,000, she carefully withdrew from any positive application to their payment the personal estate she owned in her own right. It seems necessarily to follow that, if she intended those legacies to be paid at all, she intended them to

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

[Slip. Ct.

be paid out of the fund over which she had the power of appointment. This appears from the testamentary dispositions themselves, independent of any reference to the intention to execute her power, avowed in the introductory clause in the will. And that avowal tends to support the conclusion. It is significant, also, that after she had made a specific disposition of all her own property inconsistent with any application of it to paying those legacies, she refers to their payment again, and uses this language: "Should it appear at my decease that the bequests exceed the amount of funds left, my will is that the first five only shall be curtailed, until brought within the limits of the assets." This provision was a reasonable one, in view of the uncertainty there was in regard to the amount remaining of the funds of which she had the power of appointment. We conclude, therefore, that Mrs. Devereux's will was an execution of the power, and an appointment of the fund to her executors. It converted the fund into her own estate, at least to the extent of $28,500, if there was so much of it remaining.
We have considered the case thus far without reference to the North Carolina statute of 1844-45, which is similar to the act of 1 Vict. c. 26 (Rev. Code of N. C., c. 85, sect. 5), for the reason that it may be doubted whether that statute is aplplicable to this will. Here there is no bequest of personal property described in a general manner, nor even a general residuary bequest, though there are general pecuniary legacies.
Whether, if the fund which remained in the hands of Thomas P. Devereux at the death of the testatrix had exceeded the sum required to pay the legacies given by her will, that is to say, the sum of $28,500, - the will would have been a complete execution of the power, covering the whole fund, or only a partial appointment of so much as was needed to pay those legacies, it is unnecessary for us now to decide. In the view which we take of the other questions involved in the case, that fund had been reduced so far that there was not more than enough remaining subject to the power to pay the sums bequeathed by the will. The execution was therefore complete, and it appointed the whole fund to the executors of this will, who took it under the appointment as part of the

Oct. 1878.]

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

personal estate of the appointor. Upon this subject see MiIday v. Barnet, Law Rep. 6 Eq. 196; Hurlstone v. Asdton, 11 Jur. N. s. 724; Hawthorn v. Skedden, 3 Sm. & G. 293.
There was, therefore, error in the decree of the Circuit Court so far as it adjudged that the testatrix, Frances Devereux, did not appoint to her executors the fund over which she had the power of appointment, "except so far as it is necessary to resort to the same to pay off the pecuniary legacies bequeathed by her in her said will, after exhausting for that purpose what remains of her general personal assets after payment of her debts and funeral expenses, and the costs of administering her estate."
The other questions raised by the appeal require a less extended consideration. The Circuit Court decreed that the " deed of explanation" executed by Mrs. Devereux in 1845
was effectual, and that its operation was to reduce the annuity of $3,000 charged upon the lands in the deed of settlement of 1839, proportionably as she reduced the $50,000 charged by her appointments, or outlays, so as to make the annuity in each and every year equal to six per cent interest on so much of said fund as remained unappropriated or unexpended
by her in each and every year respectively. This, we think, was correct. In 1845 she was sui jurs. Her husband had died, and she was competent to release whatever rights she had under her deed to Thomas P. Devereux, or to appropriate to him any portion, or even the whole, of the fund of $50,000 then remaining. The deed of settlement gave her power to dispose of the fund, to give, grant, or direct its payment, investment, or application, at her discretion. If, therefore, there was no mistake in the deed, the subsequent paper ought to be regarded as a release pro tanto of her right to the annuity, and a partial disposition of the fund 'ver which she had the power. If there was a mistake in the deed, it was quite competent for her to rectify it by agreement; and her "deed of explanation" was a solemn acknowledgment under her seal of the mistake, as effective in equity, if properly obtained, as would have been the decree of a chancellor reforming the instrument.
We see not enough in the relation of the parties to each other to justify any presumption that undue influence was exerted over her. The deed of 1839 exhibits the fact that a possi-

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

[Sup. Ct.

ble benefit to her son was even then contemplated. It provided that whatever of the $50,000 fund the mother should not dispose of should lapse for his benefit. It was quite natural, therefore, for her to execute a declaration for his relief.
What we have said disposes of the fourth assignment of error, and shows that it is not sustained.
It is next objected by the appellants that the court erred in directing the paper dated Oct. 20, 1846, and signed by Mrs. Devereux, to be treated as a stated account between her and her son, conclusive of all matters of account between them previous to and including the 22d of June, 1846, respecting the $50,000 fund and the annuity, excepting such matters as are by its express terms excepted out of it and reserved for future adjustment. The paper was, in fact, an account stated by a third person, selected by both parties, agreed to be correct by Mrs. Devereux, except in four particulars reserved for subsequent arbitrament. It bears on its face evidence that it was carefully examined and fully understood. After such examination it was signed, and there is no evidence that Mrs. Devereux ever afterwards questioned its correctness. On the contrary, she, in substance, ratified it and acknowledged its correctness at least twice, more than a year afterwards. It is difficult, therefore, to see why it should not be regarded as the Circuit Court directed it to be. It is urged on behalf of the appellants that because the statement was not pleaded, nor set forth in the answer, the defendants were precluded from making use of it when ordered to account. This is overlooking the fact that it was not a bar to all claim for an account. Thomas P. Devereux's liability to account, if it existed at all, continued after the statement was made, to the extent of all subsequent transactions, and for the balance ascertained by it to be due June 22, 1846. It is not set up as a full accounting, but as a partial settlement. It would have been no answer to the complainant's bill if Thomas P. Devereux had said, I have accounted up to June 22, 1846. He denied his liability to account at all; and it was only when that was adjudged against him that he could avail himself of the fact that he had partially accounted, and that fact he could use only in stating the account ordered. We may add that we see nothing in the

Oct. 1878.]

BLAKE V. HAWKINS.

circumstances attending the statement sufficient to cast sus-

picion upon it, or to call upon the defendants to support it by

extraneous proofs. The relation between Mrs. Devereux and

her son, created by the deed of 1839, was more like that of

debtor and creditor than that of trustee and cestui que trust.

It was no relation of confidence reposed. Similar remarks

may be made respecting the second statement, which ascer-

tained the balance due from June 21,1847. The decree of the

court respecting its effect was right.

The remaining exception to the decree of the court is that

it denied the liability of Thomas P. Devereux to account, as

executor of the last will and testament of Mrs. Devereux, for

"all her personal estate, especially for so much as came into

the hands of Seymour W. Whiting as administrator pendente

lite or cum testamento annexo." We think this part of the

decree -was correct. He was required to account for all the

estate that came to his hands; and correctly so required, for he

had made himself an executor de son tort by intermeddling

with the estate of the testatrix, and by taking most of it into

his possession, and undertaking to dispose of it. But he never

qualified as executor of the will, or administrator eum testa-

mento annexo, nor was he even administrator pendente lite.

As such, therefore, he did not become responsible, and as

executor de son tort he was only liable for what came into his

hands. MitchelZ v. .lunt, 4 Mass. 653; Kinard v. Young,

2 Rich. (S. C.) Eq. 247; Leach v. House, 1 Bailey (S. C.),

42. This is clear, upon both reason and authority.

Our conclusion, therefore, is, after reviewing the -whole case,

that there has been no error committed, except the single one

which we first noticed. For that, however, the decree of the

Circuit Court must be reversed, and the case sent back with

instructions to direct a new accounting, and to enter a decree

in conformity with this opinion; and it is

So ordered.

