Oct. 1879.]

MONTGOMERY V. SAWYER.

In CuningTam v. Asley (45 Cal. 485), it was held that an administrator, who is a party to a suit which involves the title of his intestate to real estate, represents the title which the deceased had at the time of his death, and the judgment in such action concludes the adverse party and the heirs of the intestate. And such judgment is an estoppel as to the title set up in the action.
On the whole, we are of opinion, both upon sound principles of construction, as well as upon the decisions of the Supreme Court of California construing the statute of the State, that the Circuit Court was justified in holding that the plaintiffs were barred by the adverse possession of defendants.
Judgment affirmed.

MONTGOMERY V. SAWYER.
In Louisiana, if a person dies pending suit against him, and the proceedings are continued by his heirs becoming parties, the judgment should be against his succession or them; if, without reference to the revival of the suit, it be entered only against the deceased co nornine, and be so recorded, it is as a judicial mortgage void against third persons.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
21r. Benjamin P. Jonas, AIr. Henry B. Kelly, and Mr. Henry L. Lazarus for the appellants.
21r. Joseph B. Hornor, contra.
MR.JUSTICE, BRADLEY delivered the opinion of the court. The controversy in this case relates to a certain plantation in the parish of Plaquemines, called the "New Hope or Cedar Grove Plantation." The appellee, Sawyer, claims it as purchaser at sheriff's sale under a judgment rendered in February, 1872, by the Fifth District Court of Orleans, at the suit of one James E. Zunts against William and Haywood Stackhouse. The appellant claims under a mortgage executed in 1878, by

MONTGOMEY V. SAWYER.

[Sup. Ct.

Sarah F. Brooks, widow of Haywood Stackhouse, and tutrix of his minor heirs. It is conceded that the plantation belonged to William and Haywood Stackhouse at the time of the latter's death in December, 1869; and that after that it belonged to the said William and the succession of Haywood up to and after the time of Zunts's judgment. It is contended by the appellants that this judgment was void as against the undivided half of Haywood Stackhouse, because he was dead when the judgment was rendered, and the suit, as they contend, had never been revived against the succession of his estate.
The circumstances of the case are briefly as follows -
William and Haywood Stackhouse were partners owning several plantations, and in January, 1865, to secure to Zunts -thepayment of certain notes amounting to $50,000, executed to him a mortgage on a plantation called the "Bellechasse Plantation." The notes not being paid, Zunts, in January, 1867, attempted to collect the same by executory process against the Bellechasse plantation. The Stackhouses set up a defence, filed a counter petition, and obtained an injunction. The decision being against them, they appealed to the Supreme Court of Louisiana, and pending this appeal, in December, 1869, as before stated, Haywood Stackhouse died. His widow, Sarah
F. Brooks, in her own right and as tutrix of their minor children, was made a party in the cause, and the suit proceeded to judgment, the papers being entitled, as before, in the name of William and Haywood Stackhouse v. James E.- Zunts. In May, 1871, the Supreme Court annulled the judgment of the District Court, and remanded the cause for a new trial. On the 20th of February, 1872, the District Court rendered the judgment in question, which was entered and signed in these
words -

"FIFTH DISTRICT COURT FOR THE PARISH OF ORLEANS.

"W. & H. STACKnOUSE )

v.

No. 18,850.

JAMEs E. ZUNTS. )

In this case, for the reasons'assigned in the written opinion of

the court, this day delivered and on file, it is ordered, adjudged,

and decreed that there be judgment in favor of defendant; that the

injunction herein be dissolved with costs, and that the said defend.

Oct. 1879.]

t8ONTGOMERY V. SAWYER.

ant, James E. Zunts, do have and recover of plaintiffs, William and

Haywood Stackhouse, and their surety in the injunction bond, in

solido,.wenty per cent damages on the amount of the judgment

herein enjoined, together with eight per cent interest as allowed in

the order of seizure and sale.

"It is further ordered that the claim for attorney's fees herein be

dismissed.

"Judgment rendered Feb. 20, 1872.

"Judgment signed March 3, 1872.

(Signed)

"CAs. LEAU-MONT,

"Judge Fifth Lstrict Court, Parishof Orleans."

A certified copy of this judgment, in the above words, was recorded in the recorder's office of Plaquemines on the 17th of April, 1872.
Meanwhile, the plaintiffs moved for a new trial, and that being refused, on the 13th of March, 1872, they moved for and obtained a suspensive appeal. The order allowing the appeal was as follows, the appeal bond being signed by all the appellants:-

"W. & H. STAtKHOUSE)

v.

No. 18,850.

JArEs E. ZUNTS et al. t

"On motion of Roselius & Philips and Homer & Benedict, of

counsel for Win. Stackhouse, Sarah F. Brooks, widow in com-

munity of Haywood Stackhouse, deceased and natural tutrix of her

minor children, Herbert, Maude, Blanche, and Mabel Stackhouse,

and Lilla Stackhouse, wife of J. W. Bryant, duly authorized and

assisted by her husband, and the legal heirs of James P. Waters,

dec'd, to wit, Henrietta A. Waters, wife of William Stackhouse,

and by her husband duly assisted and authorized Mrs. Widow

Mary Upton, widow of Wheelock S. Upton, dec'd, and William H.

Waters, and on suggesting to the court that said appearers and

movers have been informed and believe that there is error to their

prejudice in the final judgment rendered in the above-entitled case

by this hon. court, on the 20th February, 1872, and that they are

desirous of appealing suspensively from the same to the Supreme

Court of the State of Louisiana, and- on showing that the clerk

requires time till the third Monday of April next to make the

transcript of appeal, it is ordered that a suspensive appeal be

accorded to said appearers and movers from said final judgment to

MONTGOMERY V. SAWYER.

[Sup. Ct.

the Supreme Court of Louisiana, the same to be therein returnable on the third Monday of April, 1872, upon said appearers giving bond and security conditioned according to law in the sum of $30,000."
The cause then proceeded in the Supreme Court, entitled as before. On the 31st of May, 1873, the court affirmed the judgment below. A petition for a rehearing was presented in the names of all the appellants; and, amongst other things, stated, that pending the first appeal Haywood Stackhouse died, and that the petitioners were made parties to the appeal by means of an order which they recite; but that, when the cause went back to the court below for retrial, Zunts omitted to make the petitioners parties to the proceedings in that court, and that they never made themselves parties by voluntary appearance by counsel or personally; that, on the contrary, the case was proceeded with by Zunts and his counsel, and by the former counsel of William and Haywood Stackhouse, as if the latter were alive; and the petition, in a labored argument, contended that the making of the petitioners parties to the ilrst appeal did not make them parties to the subsequent proceedings. All the points taken in this suit on the subject of want of parties were taken in the said petition for a rehearing.
On the 15th of December, 1873, the petition for rehearing was refused, and the judgment of the District Court stood affirmed. No notice was taken by the court of the point referred to. Whether it was regarded as untenable, or whether the judgment was left to stand at Zunt's own risk, - good, at all events as against William Stackhonse, - d6es not appear.
After the recording of the judgment of the District Court, to -wit, on the 7th of May, 1872, a partition was made between William Stackhouse and the succession of Haywood Stackhouse, of the various pieces of property belonging to the firm of W. & H. Stackhouse, by which the Belleehasse plantation was set off to William, subject to the Zunts's claim; and the New Hope plantation was set off to the succession of Haywood.
On the 6th of February, 1873, Sarah F. Brooks, as widow and tutrix as aforesaid, mortgaged the New Hope plantation to Ernst & Co., to secure the payment of certain notes speci
fled in the mortgage.

Oct. 1879.]

MONTGOMERY V. SAWYER.

On the 20th of January, 1875, Zunts filed a petition in the District Court of Plaquemines for executory process against the New Hope plantation and other property, to obtain satisfaction of the amount of damages recovered by the judgment of Feb. 20, 1872, being 910,833.66, claiming that the same was a judicial mortgage against all the property in the parish belonging to William Stackhouse and the succession of Haywood Stackhouse. A writ was issued accordingly, and the said New Hope plantation, together with certain shares of bank stock, secured by mortgage thereon, were sold by the sheriff to the appellee, Silas W. Sawyer, and an act of sale, dated 28th April, 1875, was duly passed and recorded.
The appellants, Montgomery and Leng and Ogden, having become the owners of the notes secured by the mortgage given by Sarah F. Brooks to Ernst & Co., on the 15th of December, 1876, filed a bill in the Circuit Court of the United States against her as widow and tutrix, and against one of the heirs who had become of age and married, praying for the issue of executory process for the sale of the undivided half of the New Hope plantation belonging to the succession of Haywood
Stackhouse, conceding that Zunts's judgment was a valid judicial mortgage as against the other undivided half belonging to William Stackhouse; and a writ of seizure and sale was issued pursuant to the prayer of the bill.
It was to enjoin proceedings under the last-named writ, and to establish his own title, that the appellee, Sawyer, filed the bill in this case.
All the material facts appear from the documents submitted by the parties, and the question is one of law alone.
From this statement it would seem to be very clear that the widow and heirs of Haywood Stackhouse were parties to the proceedings in which the judgment was rendered, which, therefore, might have been, though it was not, rendered against the succession of Haywood Stackhouse jointly with William Stackhouse. But even if valid to bind said succession in any way, the question remains as to its effect against third persons. It is in form a judgment against William Stackhouse and another person not in being, but who had died more than two years before it was rendered. And in this form it was recorded. By

MONTGOMERY V. SAWYER.

[Sup. or.

the law of Louisiana a judgment, at least as to third persons. has no effect as a judicial mortgage until it is recorded. When recorded it has that effect against all the immovables of the debtor sit~iated in the parish. C'.il Code, arts. 3922, 3346. Here one of the nominal debtors against whom the judgment was rendered was dead, and of course had no immovables to be affected thereby. Without the existence of some very artificial rule of procedure, it is difficult to see how such a judgment, quoad the deceased person, or his estate in succession, can have
any binding effect without being amended. By the common law, if a defendant died after the commence-
ment of a term, a judgment entered against him during'the term had relation back to the first day of the term, and was deemed valid. This fiction was allowed to subserve the ends of justice. But no such rul can be invoked in the present case. Here the judgment could have no effect against the general immovable property of the debtor-until it was recorded.
The record is all that third persons have to look to for their protection; and in this case it only showed a judgment against a person not in existence, and did not show a judgment against his succession; and did not show that his representatives had been made parties to the cause.
In Norton v. Jamison (23 La. Ann. 102), a case somewhat similar, differing in the fgct that the heir accepted the succession purely and simply, and did not appear in the proceedings until -after the judgment in question was entered, the Supreme Court of Louisiana said: "If defendant die after issue joined, his heir should be cited; until this is done, judgment cannot be given against the succession. 5 N. S.431. A judgment against one, who, though cited, dies before issue joined, is null. 8 An. 80. When H. R. W. Hill died, it was necessary to make the legal representative a party, otherwise the judgment was inoperative as to either, and the recording of it created no judicial mortgage on the property left by H. R. W. Hill. The fiction of law or its express enactinent, by which he was a party to the proceedings, did not make his heirs or legal representatives parties in his person, and the insertion of the word ' heirs' in the decree gave-no force to. the judgment against his heir and legatee, any more than a judgment against-ny person, eo nomine,

Oct. 1879.]

MONTGOMERY V. SAWYER.

who is not cited. The subsequent appearance of J. D. Hill as

a party to the proceedings, in order to appeal from the Circuit

Court to the Supreme Court, may have made him personally

liable under the judgment rendered o4} appeal, but it could not

retroact so as to give force to the inscription of the judgment

of the District Court. Inscriptions of mortgages are strietijuris,

and must, of themselves, be complete and give all the informa

tion which the law intends is necessary for third parties. 5 N.

S. 112; 7 An. 533. The judgment recorded was against Ir.R.

W. Hill; but plaintiff alleges that H. R. W. Hill died before

the judgment was rendered. . . . The inscription does not con-

tain the name of J. D. Hill [heir of H. R. W. Hill]. At the

time of the rendering and recording of the judgment against

H. R. W. Hill, the property did not belong to him, and no

judgment against J. D. Hill was recorded at the date of his

sale to defendant. Consequently, no judicial mortgage attached

to the property sold by J. D. Hill to the defendant by recording

the judgment in question against H. R. W. Hill, rendered after

his death."

It seems to us that the views here expressed are conclusive

so far as relates to the validity of the judgment as a judicial

mortgage operating against the appellants. Whether the judg-

ment may not in some manner, or to some extent, be binding

against the succession of Haywood Stackhouse, it is not neces-

sary to inquire. The difficulty consists in the fact that no

judgment has been rendered or recorded against said succession.

The mere entitling of the suit against William and Haywood

Stackhouse might not have prejudiced the effect of the judg-

ment, had it been rendered against the proper parties. The

title of the suit is employed only for the purpose of identifi

cation of the cause. But here the judgment itself is defective.

It is conceded to be good as against the interest of William

Stackhouse; but as to third persons, at least, it is void as a

judicial mortgage against the property of Haywood Stackhouse

or his estate in succession.

It follows from this that the appellee, Sawyer, by his pur-

chase at sheriff's sale, acquired only the undivided half interest

of William Stackhouse, and that his bill should have been

dismissed.

VOL. x.

37

DICKERSON V. COLGROVE.

[Sup. Ct.

The decree of the Circuit Court will be reversed, and the

cause remanded with directions to dismiss the bill of complaint;

and it is

So ordered.

DICKERSON V. COLGROVE.

A., the owner in fee of lands in Michigan, died in February, 1853, leaving his two children B. and C. his only heirs-at-law. On March 3, C. and her husband conveyed the lands by warranty deed to D., who put it upon record March 6, 1854, and entered into possession of them April 1 of that year. D. learning of the existence of B., and that he lived in California, wrote to him, inquiring whether he made any claim to the premises. On April 1, 1856, the latter addressed from California to his sister C., in Michigan, a letter, wherein he said, "1You can tell D. for me he need not fear any thing from me. . .. You can laim all there. This letter will be enough for him. I intended to give you
and yours all my property there, and more if you need it." The contents of that letter becoming known to D., he, for a valuable consideration and by deeds with covenants of warranty, conveyed in fee the lands to E. and others, irho thereunder have ever since occupied and improved them. July 9, 1865, B. conveyed the undivided half of them by quitclaim deed to F., who, March 6, 1873, brought ejectment. Hedd, 1. That B.'s letter of April 1,1856, operates as an estoppel in pais which precludes him from setting up a claim to them, and is an available defence to the action. 2. That IF. was not a bona idd purchaser, and that whatever title he acquired was subject to the legal and equitable rights of D. and those claiming under the latter.

ERROR. to the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Michigan.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.

Mr. George W. Lawton for the plaintiff in error.

Mr.

.TS. miley, contra.

MR. JUSTICE SwAYNE delivered the opinion of the court. This is an action of ejectment brought by Dickerson and Wheeler. The latter died during the progress of the suit. The parties agreed in writing to submit the case to the court without the inteiziention of a jury. The court found the facts.
So far as it is necessary to state them, they may be thus summarized: Micaja.h Chauncey owned the land in controversy. He
died on the - day of February, 1853, leavink" two children,

BUTTERFIELD V. SMITH.

[Sup. Ot.

The court finds that the final balance of $2,115.25 was made up of these uncollected taxes, for which he was still responsible, and was not for any money actually received by the collector.
Counsel for the government argue against this conclusion. But whether sound or not, it was a question of fact on which the finding of that court cannot be reversed here; and its j udgment is accordingly
Affirmed.

BUTTERFIELD V. SMITH.
An executor charged himself in the inventory of the estate of the testator with a note payable to the latter and secured by mortgage. His accounts were settled on that basis. An administrator with the will annexed subsequently brought suit to foreclose the mortgage. Held, 1. That the probate record showing the inventory and the order for distributing the assets of the testator is not conclusive evidence that the note has been paid. 2. That an executor's settlement when adjudicated binds only the parties thereto.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Kansas.
This suit was brought, Oct. 26, 1877, by Mary A. Smith, administratrix de bonis non, with the will annexed, of the estate of Julius C. Wright, deceased, to foreclose a mortgage made by Daniel M. Adams and wife to secure a note for $5,000 to said Wright. The latter died in 1874. His will, by which he appointed George B. Wright his executor, was admitted to probate, and the executor qualified. In an inventory of the estate this note was included as part of the assets. In April, 1875, the executor made application to the court for a final settlement. In his accounts he charged himself with the full amount of the inventory, and after the allowance of the proper credits, a balance was found in his hands which was ordered to be distributed in a specified manner, according to the terms of the will, but a balance of $6,840.25, one share, was left in his hands with directions "to invest for Charles Wright, or pay the money pursuant to the will." The executor died in 1877. The complainant, shortly after her appointment

Oct. 1879.]

BUTTERFIELD V. SMITH.

as such administratrix, commenced this suit, to which Adams and wife, and Oscar H. and Andrew J. Butterfield, with others, were made defendants. Adams and wife did not answer, but as to them the bill was taken as confessed. The Butterfields answered that they were the owners of the mortgaged property, and then, by way of defence to the mortgage, set up - 1,that they were informed and believed that the note and mortgage sued on were not the property of the estate of Julius C. Wright, but that the same were the property of Adams, the mortgagor, and were executed by him for the purpose of cheating and defrauding his creditors, and especially the appellants; and, 2, that the note sued on had been paid to George P. Vright, executor, " as appears by the inventory and his final settlement, copies of which are hereto attached, marked exhibits A and B." A decree was passed in favor of the complainant. The Butterfields then appealed to this court.
31e. Alfred Ennis and 31r. C. A. Sperry for the appellants. The settlement of the executor has the force and effect of a judgment. The only duty of the appellee was to see that the money was properly distributed pursuant to the order entered by the court when the settlement was made. The assets, including the note and mortgage in controversy, had been previously and fully administered. Brown v. Brown, 53 Barb. (N. Y.) 217; Campbell v. Thacher, 54 id. 382; State v. Stephenson, 12 Mo. 182; Picot v. Biddle, 35 id. 29; Williams, Adm'r, v. Petticrew, 62 id. 461 ; Sheets et al. v. .Kirtley,id. 417; Tate v. Norton, 94 U. S. 746 ; Musick v. Beebe, 17 Kan. 47 ; Singleton v. Garrett, 23 Miss. 196; Lambeth v. -Elder,44 id. 81.
Mr. G. C. Clemens, contra.

Mn. CH=, JUSTICE WAITE, after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the court.
No proof was put in on either side. The first defence, therefore, was clearly not sustained. Adams, the mortgagor, by not answering the bill, admitted the validity of the note, and the executor of the mortgagee, by charging himself with the note as part of the assets and settling his accounts on that basis, showed that he supposed the debt to be a valid one in the hands of the testator.

COWDREY V. VANDENBURGH.

[Sup. 0t.

As to the second defence, it is claimed that the probate records attached as exhibits to the answer, showing the inventory and distribution, are conclusive evidence that the debt has been paid. Undoubtedly, final settlements of administra,tors and executors, when adjudicated, have the force and effect of judgments as between the parties to such settlements; but neither Adams nor these appellants were parties to this settlement, which concluded the executor and distributees, but no one else. Nothing is more common than for an executor or an administrator to charge himself with debts due the estate before they are collected, and thus expedite a final settlement. It would be dangerous to hold that, as between the executor or administrator and the debtor, such a settlement was conclusive evidence of the actual payment of the debt and the discharge of the debtor. The question presented by the answer is not whether the estate now owns the note secured by the mortgage, if it be still unpaid, but whether it has been paid.
Decree affirmed.

COWDREY V. VA±NDENBURGH.
1. Except where the original owner of a non-negotiable demand which he has indorsed in blank is estopped from asserting his original claim thereto, the purchaser thereof from any party other than such owner takes only such rights as the latter has parted with.
2. Semble, that if the pledgee of such a demand writes a Sormal assignment to himself over the blank indorsement made by the pledgor, and in that form sells it to a third party for value, the pledgor is, as against such third party, estopped from asserting ownership,thereto.
APPEAL from the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia.
This was a bill in equity, filed by J. W. V. Vandenburgh, H. L. Crawford, and L. S. Filbert, trading as J. W. V. Vandenburgh & Co., against Rudolph Blumenburgh, to compel the surrender of a certain certificate, of which the following is a copy: -

Oct. 1879.]

WALDEN V. SKINNER.

577

WALDEN V. SKINNER.
1. Where, as in this case, the evidence exhibited in the record shows that the purchase of land was made upon certain trusts which through mistake the trustee failed to have properly declared in the deed, the cestui que trust is entitled to a decree directing the deed to be reformed.
2. The jurisdiction of the Circuit Court is not defeated by the fact that with the principal defendant are joined, as nominal parties, the executors of a deceased trustee, citizens of the same State as the complainant, to perform the ministerial act of conveying title, in case the power to do so is vested in them by the laws of the State.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Georgia.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
Hr. Benjamin H. Hill for the appellant. _4r. A. B. Lawton, contra.

MR. JUSTICE CLirFF ORD delivered the opinion of the court.

Trusts are either express or implied, the former being such as

are raised or created by the act of the parties, and the latter

being such as are raised or created by presumption or construc-

tion of law. Coo/c v. Fountain,3 Swanst. 585, 592.

Implied trusts may also be divided into two general classes:

First, those that rest upon the presumed intention of the par-

ti~s. Secondly, those which are independent of any such express

intentions, and are forced upon the conscience of the party by

operation of law. 2 Story, Eq. Jur., sect. 1195.

Sufficient appears to show that Sarah S. Walden, the complain-

ant, on the sixth day of May, 1874, filed her bill of complaint

in the court below against the respondents, to wit, Darius S.

Skinner and John N. Lewis and Charles S. Hardee, executors of

Charles S. Henry, deceased, who in his lifetime was the trustee

of Penelope '". Tefft and her three children. Preliminary to

the charging part of her complaint she alleges and states that on

the 28th of October, 1847, she intermarried with William P.

Tefft, who on the 9th of August, five years later, departed this

life intestate and without children, leaving the complainant as his

sole heir and legal representative; that on the 4th of June, six

years subsequent to the death of her first husband, she inter-

voL. xi.

37

WALDEN4 V. SKINNER.

[Sup. Ct.

married with Clarles C. Walden, who, on the eighth day of December of the next year, departed this life testate, leaving no children by the complainant, and that he by his will bequeathed to her all the property and rights owned and possessed by her at the date of their marriage; and that the father of her first husband died intestate on the 80th of June, 1862, but that no administration was ever had upon his estate, and that his widow, the mother of her first husband, departed this life testate on the 11th of September eleven years later; that her first husband had two brothers at the date of her marriage neither of whom ever married and both of whom died without children, that at the death of the elder of the two he had a life policy of insurance for $5,000, which his administrator collected and paid to his two living brothers.
Allegations then follow in the bill of complaint which relate more immediately to the subject-matter of the controversy, from which it appears that Elias Fort, June 28, 1831, conveyed a certain tract of land to Charles S. Henry and Stephen C. Greene, as trustees and in trust for Penelope W. Tefft and her three sons, William P. Tefft, Henry D. Tefft, and Charles E. Tefft, and it is therein declared that the said property is for the use of the mother during her lifetime and the three sons, and that after the death of the mother it shall be for the use of the three sons alone as tenants in common, and that in case of sale ",the proceeds to be reinvested upon the same uses and trusts as aforesaid, and if not sold, then the property, after the death of the mother, was to be distributed by said trustees to each of the said sons as shall survive and attain the age of twenty-one years."
Greene, one of the trustees, subsequently died, leaving Charles S. Henry the sole surviving trustee under the trust-deed, and she charges that on the 19th of July, 1848, the mayor and aldermen of the city of Savannah conveyed to him as such trustee a certain lot of land numbered five, Monterey Ward, in said city, the lot being then subject to certain annual groundrents, as specified in the conveyance, and the complainant avers that the conveyance is informal and incomplete, inasmuch as the trustee never signed it, as it was intended, and that it fails to set forth and express the trust interests of the three children

Oct. 1879.]

WALDEN V. SKINNER.

as it should do. Wherefore she alleges that it should be reformed and be made to conform to the purposes of the trust as created and set forth in the original trust-deed.
Persuasive and convincing reasons in support of that request are alleged which will hereafter be reproduced when the merits of the controversy are considered.
Relief specific and general is prayed, as is more fully set forth in the transcript. Process was served and the respondents appeared, and after certain interlocutory proceedings filed separate answers.
All of the defences to the merits are set up in the answer of the first named respondent, who admits all of the preliminary matters alleged in the bill of complaint. He also admits that there was in existence at the time of the first marriage of the complainant the trust estate held by the surviving trustee arising under the conveyance from Elias Fort to the said two trustees, which, as he alleges, was held for the sole and separate use of the mother during her life, and remainder at her death to her three sons as tenants in common.
Prior to that transaction there is no controversy between the parties as to the facts, and he also admits that the authorities of the city conveyed the lot called Monterey Ward to the surviving trustee, but he alleges that by the terms of the conveyance the legal title to the lot vested in the trustee in trust for the sole and separate use of the mother, the trust being executory only so long and for such time as the cestui que trust should remain a feme covert; and he denies that the conveyance is informal and incomplete in any particular, or that it was ever expected or intended by any one that the trustee should sign the same, and he avers that it was accepted by the trustee for the purposes therein set forth.
Attempt is also made to enforce that view by a specific denial of most of the reasons assigned in the bill of complaint in support of the request that the conveyance to the trustee of the lot called Monterey Ward may be reformed so as to conform to the trusts created and expressed in the antecedent trustdeed.
Both of the other respondents allege that they are citizens of the State where the suit is brought, and deny that the Circuit

580

WALDEN V. SKINNER.

[Sup. Cb.

Court had any jurisdiction to make or execute any order, judgment, or decree against them in the premises.
Proofs were taken, the parties heard, and the Circuit Court ,entered a decree in favor of the respondents, dismissing the bill of complaint. Prompt appeal was taken by the complainant to this court, and since the appeal was brought up she has filed the assignment of errors set forth in the brief of her counsel. They are ten in number, all of which will be sufficiently considered in the course of the opinion, without giving each a separate examination.
Before examining the questions presented in respect to the second deed, it becomes necessary to ascertain the true construction and meaning of the original trust-deed so far as respects the second trust therein created and defined. Eight hundred dollars constituted the consideration of the conveyance, and it was made upon the trust that if, during the lifetime of the mother of the three sons, it should be deemed advisable by her to sell and convey the premises, then upon this further trust that the trustees as aforesaid, or the survivor of them, upon her application and with her consent, signified by her being a party to the conveyance, will sell and convey the lot and improvements for the best price which can be obtained for the same, to any person or persons whatsoever, without applying to a court of law or equity for that purpose to authorize the same, and the proceeds thereof upon the same trusts as aforesaid to invest in such other property or manner as the mother of the sons shall direct and request for the same use, benefit, and behalf.
Explicit and unambiguous as that provision is, it requires no discussion to ascertain its meaning; nor is it necessary to enter into any examination of the third trust specified in the conveyance, as it is conceded that the trust property was sold by the surviving trustee for reinvestment during the lifetime of the mother at her request, she joining in the conveyance as required by the terms of the instrument creating the trust.
Twenty-four hundred dollars were received for the conveyance of the trust property, and all of that sum, except $600 turned over to the mother, was invested in buildings then being erected upon lot numbered five, called the Monterey Ward.

Oet. 1879.]

WALDEN v. SKINNER.

Purchase of that lot had previously been made by the surviving trustee named in the original trust-deed, and it appears that the parties understood that it was to be upon the same uses and trusts as were contained in the trust-deed by which the title to the lot sold was acquired.
Proof that the new lot numbered five, called Monterey Ward, was purchased by the father and the three sons during the lifetime of the father seems to be entirely satisfactory, and it is equally well established that each contributed one-fourth part of the sum of $240 paid for the purchase-money of the lot. Satisfactory proof is also exhibited that Henry D. Tefft, one of the three brothers, died Aug. 13, 1849, unmarried and intestate, and that he had a valid subsisting insurance upon his life in the sum of $5,000, which his administrator collected and paid to his surviving brothers.
Eighteen hundred dollars of the proceeds arising from the sale of the property acquired by virtue of the first trust-deed were appropriated towards erecting buildings on the new lot purchased by the father and the three sons while in full life, and when the one whose life was insured deceased, the two survivors appropriated each his proportion of the money received to the same purpose, with the understanding that the property was subject to the same uses and trusts as the property previously acquired and sold.
Competent proofs of a convincing character are also exhibited in the transcript that the first husband of the complainant contributed other sums towards completing the buildings, leaving no doubt that he paid his full proportion for the improvements as well as for the lot purchased of the city authorities.
Enough appears to show that the buildings were completed more than two years before the first husband of the complainant died intestate and without children, when it is obvious that she became the sole heir to all the interest he possessed in the said estate, whatever it might be. Two years elapsed after the buildings were completed before the father of the three sons died, and the proofs show that during that period the complainant resided with the parents of her husband, and that her rights as his heir-at-law were uniformly recognized by the family; that she continued to reside there with her mother-in-law after

582

WALDEN V. SKINNER.

[Sup. Ct.

the death of the senior Tefft, until the decease of his widow, and that throughout that period she paid one-half of all repairs, taxes, insurance, and other expenses of the property as it she were equally interested in the same with her motherin-law, and was liable to bear an equal proportion of all such
expenses. Opposed to that is the proof that the mother-in-law, one year
before her death, when in a low and depressed frame of mind, bequeathed the whole of the lot in question to the first-named respondent, who is her nephew, and on the same day executed a deed to him of the entire property, to take effect in possession after her death. Sole title to the premises in fee-simple is claimed by the respondent under those instruments, and he ,brought ejectment against the complainant to dispossess her of the premises, and it appears that she was at great disadvantage in attempting to defend the suit, because the trustee had omitted to see that the title was conveyed in trust for the benefit of the cestuis que trust as in the prior trust deed, as he should have done, to carry into effect the understanding of all the parties to the sale of the prior trust premises and the purchase of the lot in question. What she alleges is that the purchase of the new lot was made for the same cestuis que trust as those described in the deed of the old lot, and that the understanding of all was that the deed of the new lot should contain and declare .the same uses and trusts in favor of the same persons, and the proofs to that effect are full and entirely satisfactory.
Support to that view is also derived from the fact that the surviving trustee in the old deed is the grantee in the new deed, and that he is therein more than once described as trustee, and in the introductory part of the instrument is denominated trustee of Mrs. Penelope W. Tefft, wife of Israel K. Tefft, of the city and State previously mentioned in the same instrument.
Ten years before the suit was instituted the trustee in the new deed departed this life, and the other two respondents were appointed and qualified as his executors. Unable to obtain complete redress at law, the complainant prays that the deed of conveyance from the city of the lot and improvements in question may be reformed and be made to conform to the true intent and purpose for which the lot was purchased, and to

Oct. 1879.]

WALDEN V. SKINNER.

that end that it may be made to include the same uses and trusts raised, created, and declared in the prior deed from Elias Fort, according to the understanding and agreement of all the
parties. Besides that she also prays that her equities in and to the
property, including the improvements, may be set forth, decreed, and allowed by the court, including such as are in her favor from the payment of taxes, insurance, and repairs upon the property during the lifetime and since the death of her motherin-law, and that the first-named respondent may be enjoined
from further proceeding in his ejectment suit to recover possession of the premises.
Courts of equity afford relief in case of mistake of facts, and allow parol evidence to vary and reform written contracts and instruments, when the defect or error arises from accident or misconception, as properly forming an exception to the general rule which excludes parol testimony offered to vary or contradict written instruments. Where the mistake is admitted by the other party, relief, as all agree, will be granted, and if it be fully proved by other evidence, Judge Story says, the reasons for granting relief seem to be equally satisfactory. 1 Story, Eq. Jur., sect. 156.
Decisions of undoubted authority hold that where an instrument is drawn and executed that professes or is intended to carry into execution an agreement, which is in writing or by parol, previously made between the parties, but which by mistake of the draftsman, either as to fact or law, does not fulfil or which violates the manifest intention of the parties to the agreement, equity will correct the mistake so as to produce a conformity of the instrument to the agreement, the reason of the rule being that the execution of agreements fairly and legally made is one of the peculiar branches of equity jurisdiction, and if the instrument intended to execute the agreement be from any cause insufficient for that purpose, the agreement remains as much unexecuted as if the party had refused altogether to comply with his engagement, and a court of equity will, in the exercise of its acknowledged jurisdiction, afford relief in the one case as well as in the other, by compelling the delinquent party to perform his undertaking according to the

WALDEN V. SKINNER.

[Sup. Ct.

terms of it and the manifest intention of the parties. Hunt v. Bousmaniere'sAdm'rs, 1 Pet. 1, 13; Same v. Same, 8 Wheat. 174, 211.
Even a judgment when confessed, if the agreement was made under a clear mistake, will be set aside if application be made, and the mistake shown while the judgment is within the power of the court. Such an agreement, even when made a rule of court, will not be enforced if made under a mistake, if seasonable application be made to set it aside, and if the judgment be no longer in the power of the court, relief, says Mr. Chief Justice Marshall, may be obtained in a court of chancery. The Hiram, 1 Wheat. 440, 444.
Equitable rules of the kind are applicable to sealed instruments, as well as to ordinary written agreements, the rule being that if by mistake a deed be drawn plainly different from the agreement of the parties, a court of equity will grant relief by considering the deed as if it had conformed to the antecedent agreement. So if a deed be ambiguously expressed in such a manner that it is difficult to give it a construction, the agreement may be referred to as an aid in expounding such an ambiguity; but if the deed is so expressed that a reasonable construction may be given to it, and when so given it does not plainly appear to be at variance with the agreement, then the latter i's not to be regarded in the construction of the former. Hogan v. Insurance Co., 1 Wash. 419, 422.
Rules of decision in suits for specific performance are necessarily affected by considerations peculiar to the nature of the right sought to be enforced and the remedy employed to accomplish the object. Where no question of fraud or mistake is involved, the rule with respect to the admission of parol evidence to vary a written contract is the same in courts of equity as in those of common law, the rule in both being that when an agreement is reduced to writing by the act and consent of the parties, the intent and meaning of the same must be sought in the instrument which they have chosen as the repository and evidence of their purpose, and not in extrinsic facts and allegations. Proof of fraud or mistake, however, may be admitted in equity to show that the terms of the instrument employed in the preparation of the same were varied or made

Ot. 1879.]

WALDEN V. SKINNER.

different by addition or subtraction from what they were intended and believed to be when the same was executed.
Evidence of fraud or mistake is seldom found in the instrument itself, from which it follows that unless parol evidence may be admitted for that purpose the aggrieved party would have as little hope of redress in a court of equity as in a court of law. Even at law, all that pertains to the execution of a written instrument or to the proof that the instrument was adopted or ratified by the parties as their act or contract, is necessarily left to extrinsic evidence, and witnesses may consequently be called for the purpose of impeaching the execution of a deed or other writing under seal, and showing that its sealing or delivery was procured by fraudulently substituting one instrument for another, or by any other species of fraud by which the complaining .party was misled and induced to put his name to that which was substantially different from the actual agreement. Thoroughgood's Case, 4 Coke, 4.
When the deed or other written instrument is duly executed and delivered, the courts of law hold ihat it contains the true agreement of the parties, and that the writing furnishes better evidence of the sense of the parties than any that can be supplied by parol; but courts of equity, says Chancellor Kent, have a broader jurisdiction and will open the written contract to let in an equity arising from facts perfectly distinct from the sense and construction of the instrument itself. Pursuant to that rule, he held it to be established that relief can be had against any deed or contract in writing founded on mistake or fraud, and that mistake may be shown by parol proof and the relief granted to the injured party whether he sets up the mistake affirmatively by bill or as a defence. Gillespie v. Moon, 2 Johns. (N. Y.) Ch. 585, 596.
Parol proof, said the same learned magistrate, is admissible in equity to correct a mistake in a written contract in favor of the complainant seeking a specific performance, especially where the contract in the first instance is imperfect without referring to extrinsic facts. .feisselbracl v. Livingston, 4 id. 144; Cathcart v. -obinson, 5 Pet. 264.
Many cases support that proposition without qualification, and all or nearly all agree that it is correct where it is invoked

WALDEN V. SKINNER.

[Slip Ot.

as defence to a suit to enforce specific performance. Little or no disagreement is found in the adjudged cases to that extent, but there are many others where it is held that the rule is unsound when applied in behalf of a complainant seeking to enforce a specific performance of a contract with variations from the written instrument. Diffculty, it must be admitted, would arise in any attempt to reconcile the decided cases in that regard, but it is not necessary to enter that field of contest and conflict in the case before the court for several reasons: 1. Because by comparing the original trust deed with the deed of the lot in question, in view of the attendant circumstances, the inference is very cogent that the second was designed and intended as a complete substitute for the first. 2. Because the proof shows to a demonstration that the consideration for the purchase of the second lot was paid in equal proportions by the father and each of the three sons. 3. Because it appears that the expensive improvements made upon the lot in question were made from the moneys of each of the three sons, advanced at the request of the father. 4. Because it appears that the family and every member of it understood from the first and throughout that the trustee held the property in trust for the mother and the three sons. 5. Because the father, from the date of the deed to the time of his death, recognized the premises as acquired and held for the benefit of his wife and their three sons. 6. Because the mother of the three sons, after the decease of the first husband of complainant, recognized her as interested in the property, and continued to do so at all times throughout her life until about the time she conveyed the lot in question to the respondent.
Both the deed and her will bear date Sept. 28, 1872, and the proofs show that she was at the time in a low, depressed state of mind, and that she departed this life within one year subsequent to the execution of those instruments. Prior to that, and throughout the whole period subsequent to the death of her husband, the proofs show that she uniformly recognized the complainant as the owner of a moiety of the lot and the improvements, and always required her to pay one-half of all repairs, taxes, insurance, and other expenses of the property.
By the terms of the original deed the property was conveyed
k

Oct. 1879.]

WALDEN V. SKINNER.

to the trustees, subject to the payment of taxes, assessments, and ground-rent, to and for the sole and separate use, benefit, and behoof of the mother and her three sons during her lifetime, and after her death to the three sons as tenants in common in equal parts, with the provision that if the mother during her lifetime should deem it advisable she might sell and convey the premises, and that in that event the further trust was raised and created that the trustees or the survivor of them, upon her application and with her consent signified by becoming a party to the conveyance, might sell and convey the lot and improve-
ments for the best price which could be obtained for the same, without any application to a court of law or equity for that purpose, and to invest the proceeds thereof upon the same trusts in such other property or manner as the mother should direct, and for the same use, benefit, and behalf.
Provision was also made that if no such sale and re-investment was made during the lifetime of the mother, then the trustees were to sell the same for the sole use and benefit of the three sons or the survivor or survivors of them, share and share alike, until the youngest should arrive at the age of twenty-one years, when the trustees might sell and convey the same at the request of such survivor or survivors, and divide the proceeds to the survivor or survivors, share and share
alike. Taken as a whole the proofs show to the entire satisfaction
of the court that the lot in question was purchased and conveyed to the surviving trustee upon the same trusts as those raised and created in the first deed, and that the trustee, through mistake, failed to have those trusts properly declared in the deed of trust to him as he should have done, and that the prayer of the bill of complainant, that the deed of the lot and improvements in question ought to be reformed and the rights of the complainant be ascertained and adjudged as if the deed in question contained the same trusts as those raised and created in the original trust deed is reasonable and proper and should be granted.
Courts of equity, beyond all doubt, possegs the power to grant such relief, and the proofs, in the judgment of the court, are such as to entitled the complainant to such a decree, unless

WALDEN V. SKINNER.

[Sup. Ct.

the remaining defence set up by the respondent must prevail. Cooper v. Phibs, Law Rep. 2 Ch. Ap. 149, 186; Cochrane v. Willis, 34 Beav. 359, 366. Such a decree, of course, cannot now be made against the trustee, as he is not living; but the executors, as contended by the complainant, are competent to perform that duty, and she prays that the decree may be adapted to the present state of the parties.
Suppose all that is true, still it is contended by the principal respondent that the decree below is correct, because the claim is barred. Mluch discussion of that defence will not be fhecessary, beyond what is required to ascertain the facts.
When the father died,-the complainant was living on the premises, and she continued to reside there most or all the time during the widowhood of the mother of her first husband, except while she lived with her second husband, and when he died she returned to live with her mother-in-law. During all that time the proofs show that she was constantly recognized as the lawful heir to the estate of her deceased husband, until about a year before the decease of the mother, who also resided on the premises. Prior to that, the rights of the complainant were unmistakably recognized, and nothing of consequence had occurred to indicate any intent to call her just right in question. Soon after that, however, the respondent commenced an action of ejectment against her to recover possession of the entire lot and improvements, she still being in possession, and doubtless hoping and expecting that her rights would yet be acknowl-
edged without the necessity of expensive litigation. Expectations of the kind not being realized, she filed the present bill of complaint. Laches are imputed to her; but the court, in view of the circumstances and of the embarrassments growing out of the obvious defects in the conveyance intended to secure her rights, is of the opinion that the evidence of laches is not sufficient to bar her right to recover in the present suit. Without more, these remarks are sufficient to show that the defence cannot be sustained, and it is accordingly overruled.
Two or three remarks will be sufficient to show that the objection that the 'Circuit Court has no jurisdiction to enter the required decree against the executors of the deceased trustee cannot be sustained. Jurisdiction as between the complainant

Oct. 1[879.]

WALDEN V. SKINNER.

and respondent is unquestionable; and, if so, it is clear that the fact that the trustee if living was a citizen of the same State with the complainant would not defeat the jurisdiction in a case where be is a mere nominal party, and is merely joined to perform the ministerial act of conveying the title if adjudged to the complainant. Where that is so, the executor, in case of the decease of the trustee, if authorized by the law of the State to execute such a conveyance, may also be joined in the suit under like circumstances merely to accomplish the like purpose. Where the real and only controversy is between citizens of different States, or an alien and a citizen, and the plaintiff is by some positive rule of law compelled to use the name of another to perform merely a ministerial act, who has not nor ever bad any interest in or control over it, the courts of the United States will not consider any others as parties to the suit than the persons between whom the litigation before them exists. X.Lirtt v. Bland, 2 How. 9, 15 ; Browna v. Strode, 5 Cranch, 303; Coal Company v. Blatchford, 11 Wall. 172, 177,
Cases arise in the Federal courts in which nominal or even immaterial parties are joined, on the one side or the other, with those who have the requisite citizenship to give the court jurisdiction in the case; and where that is so, the rule is settled that the mere fact that one or more of such parties reside in the same State with one of the actual parties to the controversy will not defeat the jurisdiction of the court. Decisive authority for that proposition is found in a recent ruling of Mr. Justice Miller, in which he states to the effect that mere formal parties do not oust the jurisdiction of the court, even if they are without the requisite citizenship, where it appears that the real controversy is between citizens of different States. Arapahoe County v. Kansas Padfic Railway Co., 4 Dill. 277, 283.
Nothing is claimed of the executors in this case except that they shall perform the ministerial act of conveying the title, in case the power to do so is vested in them by the law of the State, and the court shall enter a decree against the principal respondent to that effect. From all which it follows that the complainant is entitled as between herself and the principal respondent to the relief prayed in the bill of complaint; but

TABLE OF OASES.

Canal Company v. Ray .......

..............

Carpenter, National Bank v ......

...........

Carpenter, Wood v. .. " ...

...........

Carroll, Gunton v.......

................

Case v. Beauregard ......

...............

Chapman, Wolsey v .....

...............

Chicago, Ayers v.....

. ................

Christian Union v. Yount ........

..........

"City of Panama," The ....

.............

Clamorgan v. United States .....

............

Clapp, Nougu6 v ......

................

Clifton, Jones v. .....

.....

...........

Cockrem, Fleitas v......

................

Comly, Powers v ......

................

Cooper Union, Pompton v....

.............

Corwine, Meguire v .....

...............

County of Hamilton, Litchfield v .....

.........

County of Jackson, Darlington v..............

County of Jasper, Anthony v....

............

County of Livingston v. Darlington ..

.........

County of Pike, Douglas v....

.............

County of Pike, Footev .......

............

County of Webster v. Litchfield ...

..........

County of Yankton, National Bank v ...........

Cowdrey v. Vandenburgh ....

.............

Crampton v. Zabriskie .....

..............

Creswell, Kennedy v. ....

................

Creswell v. Lanahan .....

...............

Cummings v. National Bank ....

............

Dana, Hatch v... . ....

.................

Darlington v. County of Jackson ...

..........

Darlington, County of Livingston v ....

...........

Darlington, Empire v.....

................

Dauterive v. United States ....

............

Davis, Lovell v....

. ...

.................

Dawson, United States v ......

............

Desper, Water-Meter Company v ....

.........

Dodge, Arthur v.....

................

Douglas v. County of Pike ....

............

Duncan v. Gegan

................

Durant v. Essex Company ......

............

Pago
522 .. 567
135 .426 .. 688 ... 755 .184
352 .453 .. 822 .551 ... 225 ... 301 .789 .. 196 ... 108 .. 781 .. 688 .693 ... 407 ... 677 .688 .773 ... 129 ... 572 .601 .. 641 ... 347 .153
205 .688
407 87
.700 541
.569 ... 332 ... 34
.677 810 555

320

SmITH v. AYER.

[Sup. Ct.

SMITH v. AYER.
SMiITH v. NATIoxiAL BANK.
1. A principal is, in law, affected with notice of all facts, of which notice can be charged upon his attorney.
2. Parties who deal with an executor, exercising his power of disposition of the personal assets of the estate in his hands, to raise money, not for the estate or the settlement of its affairs, but for the business of a commercial firm, are bound to look into his authority, and are held to a knowledge of all the limitations which the will, as well as the law, puts thereon.
3. His sale or pledge of assets made for other purposes than the discharge of his duties as executor, will not be sustained where the purchaser or pledgee takes them with knowledge or notice of the perversion of them, or the intended perversion of their proceeds.
4. Such assets are held by him in trust to pay the debts of the testator and then to discharge legacies. Where, therefore, they are acquired from him by third parties, with knowledge of his trust and of his disregard of its obligations, they can be followed and recovered.
5. At the time of his death A. held in his name an interest in a commercial firm which be had acquired by funds belonging one-third to himself, one-third to the children of a deceased brother, and one-third to a sister. In his will, of which B., his brother, was appointed executor, A. made a request that the whole of such interest should be retained in the firm, under the control of B., so long as the latter should deem it profitable. His own interest he bequeathed to B., in trust for the latter and certain nephews and nieces, in equal proportions, to be held and controlled by B. so long as he should deem it advisable. One of the members of the firm having withdrawn therefrom, B. purchased his interest, whereupon the firm name was changed. Subsequently, to raise funds wherewith to pay loans made to the firm, B. pledged to C. certain notes which had come into his possession as executor. Held, 1. That, assuming the identity of the firm remained after the change of its members and name, the authority of B., as executor, to continue a specifically designated existing interest in the firm did not extend to the use in its business of any other funds or property of the estate. 2. That his use of the notes to raise funds for the firm was a inisappropriation of them, and that 0., having knowledge of the directions of the testator, cannot hold them against the claim of his representatives.
APPEALS from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court. The first case'was argued by Mr. H. G. Miller and Hr. T.
a. Frost for the appellants, and by M1fr. . C. Goudcy for the
appellees.

OctG. 1879.]

SmITH V. AYER.

The second case was argued by Mr. Hf. C. Miller, Mr. T. a.
Fro8t, and Mr. P. C"S. mith for the appellants, and by Mr. C. C. Bonney for the appellees.

Ma. JUSTicE FIELD delivered the opinion of the court.

These are suits in equity to compel the delivery to the com-

plainants of two promissory notes, each for $39,250, alleged to

belong to the estate of Renick Huston, deceased, brought by

the administrators de honis non of that estate and the adminis-

trator de honis non of the estate of Thomas T. Renick, deceased.

They were commenced in a court of the State of Illinois, and

upon application of the defendants, Ayer et al., in the first case,

and of the First National Bank of Westboro', Mass., in the

second case, were transferred to the Circuit Court of the United

States for the Northern District of Illinois. That court dis-

missed the bill in both cases, and from its decrees they are

brought here on appeal.

The facts out of which the suits arise are substantially these:

In February, 1864, one Renick Hluston, then a resident of Ohio,

died possessed of a tract of land, about eighty acres in extent,

near Chicago, Ill. The legal title to the land stood in the

name of Job R. Renick, but it is admitted that he held it as

trustee for the estate of Huston, and to reimburse Thomas T.

Renick for certain expenditures incurred on account of the

property. The deceased left a will, by which, after making

certain bequests, he devised one-third of the residue of his

estate to Thomas T. Renick, whom he named as his executor,.

and to whom letters testamentary were issued. The property

having been sold at different times for taxes, and being subject

to various charges, Renick advanced money to a large amount,

stated to be between twenty and thirty thousand dollars, to

redeem it from the sales, and to pay off the claims upon it.

He was authorized under the will to sell the real estate, and

accordingly, in July, 1872, he sold it to one Joel D. Harvey

for $157,000, payable one-fourth in cash and the balance in

one, two, and three years, for which notes were given, secured

by a trust-deed of the property executed to one J. Edwards

Fay. There were six notes in all, three being each for $39,250,

and the other three for the instalments of interest as they fell

VOL. X1.

21

SMITH v. AYER.

[Sup. Ct,

due. They were all made payable to the order of Thomas T. lenick individually. The cash payment was sufficient to reimburse him for his outlays, and he held the notes as executor of Huston's estate.
In August, 1873, Thomas T. Renick died in Ohio, leaving a will, and appointing his brother Benjamin executor of his estate. Letters testamentary were accordingly issued to Benjamin, and the notes of Harvey subsequently came into his possession as executor. At the time of his death the deceased held in his name an interest in a commercial firm, known as Tower, Classen, & Co., engaged in the manufacture and sale of chromatic printing-presses, at Canton, Ohio, which he had acquired by funds belonging one-third to himself, one-third to the children of a deceased brother, and one-third to a sister. In his will he made a request that the whole interest should be retained in the company, under the control of his brother, so long as the latter should deem it profitable. His own interest he bequeathed to his brother in trust for himself and certain hephews and nieces mentioned, in equal proportions, to be held and controlled by him so long as he should deem it advisable. Several other bequests were made by the testator to different parties, and the payment of an annuity to one of his brothers was directed. Soon afterwards Benjamin purchased the interest of Tower in the company, and then the firm name was changed to that of B. T. Renick & Co.
In September, 1873, the complainants, Palmer C. Smith and Job R. Renick, were appointed administrators de bonis non with the will annexed of the estate of Huston. And when the second note of Harvey was about maturing, application was made to Smith, as such administrator, to consent to extend the time of its payment and that of the third note. After some negotiation, and the maturity of one of the notes, Smith signed an agreement, in -which, after reciting that the notes were the property of the estate of Re-nick Huston, deceased; that a suit was pending in Ohio affecting the property of the estate, and that until its termination it was desirable that the money should be invested; and that other parties -the West Chicago Land Company, to which portions of the real property had been sold - had assumed the payment of the notes and interest, he stipu-

Oct. 1879.]

SMITH V. AYER.

lated not to press the payment of the notes until such time as he should require the money by reason of the termination of the suit, the extension in no event to exceed two years. This agreement bears date Sept. 12, 1874. The parties who had assumed the obligation to pay the notes were not content with the agreement without the signature of Benjamin Renick, executor of the estate of Thomas Renick, as the notes were in his possession and were payable to the order of his testator. After a good deal of negotiation, his signature, as executor of the estate of Thomas Renick, was obtained to a similar agreement for an extension of time, stipulating that he also would not press the payment of the notes unless he should require the money to make a settlement of that estate. It does not, however, contain the recital of the one signed by Smith, that the notes were the property of the estate of Huston. This agreement was not executed until the 19th of February, 1875, though it was dated back to the date of the one signed by Smith, and both agreements were placed in the hands of one James R. Goodman. On the same day the following indorsement was made on each of the notes:
"FEB. 19, 1879.
"Payment of the within notes extended, as per contract of Sept. 12, 1874, now in the hands of James R. Goodman, Esq., for a period not exceeding two years from July 15, 1874.
"J. EDWARDS FAY, Trustee, dc. "B. T. RxEIcK,
"Executor and Trustee of Thomas T. Renick, deceased."

In May following, the firm of B. T. Renick & Co., the successors, as mentioned, of Tower, Classen, & Co., applied, through a broker in New York, to the defendants, J. C. Ayer & Co., of Lowell, Mass., for a loan of $39,250, and offered to pledge as collateral security for the money one of the notes of Joel A. Harvey, given upon the purchase of the land near Chicago, and secured by a trust-deed of the property. Ayer & Co. agreed to make the loan if the security was approved by their attorney, to whom it was referred to examine and report as to its sufficiency. The attorney made the examination. He testifies that he examined the two notes of Harvey and the deed of trust securing them, an abstract of title to the land, and a copy of the

SMiTH V. AYER.

[Sup. Ct.

will of Thomas T. Renick; that le talked with the trustee under the trust-deed, and with Benjamin Renick, the executor of Thomas T. Renick, in whose possession the notes were at the time; that Benjamin informed him that he wished to use the money borrowed in the business of B. T. Renick & Co., manufacturers of chromatic printing-presses; that the establishment was the one designated in the will as that of Tower, Classen, & Co. ; and that the notes had each the indorsement of the extension mentioned. The attorney reported to Ayer & Co. that the security was valid and sufficient to pay the notes, and advised them to take the note first maturing. Immediately afterwards he was directed to complete the loan. He accordingly took the note of B. T. Renick & Co. for $39,250, dated May 26, 1875, payable to Ayer & Co., at their office in Lowell, Mass., and, as collateral security, received the note first falling due of Harvey
for the same amount, both of which he transmitted to Ayer & Co. It is to compel a surrender of this note to the complainants that the first of the above-named suits is brought.
In June following this transaction, the firm of B. T. Renick & Co. desired a further loan of $30,000, and employed J. Edwards Fay to obtain it on the security of the third note of Harvey for $39,250. Fay applied to the First National Bank of Westboro', Mass., for the loan. He showed to its officers the note of Harvey, having the indorsement extending the time of payment for a period not exceeding two years, pursuant to the agreement deposited with Goodman, and informed them of the trust-deed executed to him to secure its payment. The indorsement, as already seen, showed that the note was held by B. T. Renick as executor. He also told them of the loan made by Ayer & Co. upon the security of the second note, the examination then made by their attorney into the sufficiency of the security and his favorable report. He also mentioned the relation which Benjamin Renick, as executor of Thomas T. Renick, deceased, bore to the firm of B. T. Renick & Co., and that he made the application for the loan at the request of that firm. The bank thereupon agreed to make the loan. A note of B. T. Renick & Co., for $30,000, dated June 1, 1875, payable on the 15th of July, 1876, was accordingly executed and delivered to it, with the note of Harvey as collateral security, and the money

Oct. 1879.]

SMITH v. AyEn.

received. It is to compel a surrender to the complainants of the note thus pledged as collateral that the second of the above suits is brought. Soon after the bills were filed, Benjamin Renick resigned his bosition as executor of the estate of Thomas T. Renick, and Edward J. Van Meter was appointed in his place. as administrator de bonis non with the will annexed, and by leave of the court a supplemental bill was filed in both cases, and he was allowed to appear in each as a co-complainant and join in the prayer for relief.
There is no question as to the actual ownership of the notes of Harvey taken by Ayer & Co. and the First National Bank of Westboro'. They belong to the estate of Renick Huston. The only interest which Thomas T. Renick had in them grew out of his relations to that estate for advances and services and as a residuary legatee. The question for determination is whether Ayer & Co. and the bank took the notes under such circumstances as to be able to hold them or either of them against the demand of Huston's estate, or of that of the estate of Thomas T. Renick, from whose executor they were received. So far as the present suits are concerned, it is of no consequence to the defendants whether the notes be regarded ultimately as the property of the estate of Huston or of the estate of Thomas T. Renick. They can only insist that, as in their negotiations they knew nothing of the claims of Huston's estate, and dealt with the notes as the property of Renick's estate, they shall be entitled to all the protection which that fact may confer. We shall so treat the cases and consider their rights. There is no doubt that Ayer & Co. relied entirely upon the judgment of their attorney as to the power of the executor of the estate of Thomas T. Renick to pledge the note for moneys borrowed to be used in the business of the firm of B. T. Renick & Co. Still they must be held to know the law, and the limitations which it prescribes to the powers of executors in the disposition of property coming into their hands as such officers; and, however free from intentional wrong, they must bear the responsibility of a mistaken judgment with respect to those limitations. The facts brought to the knowledge of their attorney in his inquiries respecting the note and the authority of Benjamin T. Renick to pledge it are considered in law as brought to their knowledge.

SimniH v. AYER.

[Sup. Ct.

Information to him of all essential matters affecting the subject he was investigating was in law information to them, and their action must be adjudged accordingly. The law, indeed, goes much further than this: it considers the principal as affected with notice of all facts, notice of which can be charged upon the attorney. Here the attorney examined the will of Thomas T. Renick; he knew that the note in question was held by Benjamin T. Renick in his character as executor of Thomas' estate, and not in his own right; the agreement referred to in its indorsement of extension of time of payment made him acquainted with that fact. It stipulated not to press for payment of the note until the money was required for the settlement of that estate; and he was informed beforehand that the money to be borrowed on the pledge of the note in question as security was to be used in the business of B. T. Renick & Co.
The Bank of Westboro' had no attorney of its own in the transaction. It relied upon the representations of the attorney of B. T. Renick & Co., employed to negotiate the loan. He informed the bank, however, of all facts essential to its knowledge, or acquainted it with such matters as upon inquiry would have given the information. It knew that the note was held by B. T. Renick as assets of Thomas T. Renick's estate, and not in his own right; it was so informed by the attorney; the indorsement on the note declared the fact also; and the agreement to which the indorsement referred, and to which its attention was called, would have removed all doubt on the subject, if any could have existed. It must be presumed to have known what it could thus easily have ascertained; and, dealing with an executor exercising his power of disposition of the personal assets of an estate in his bands, ostensibly to raise money, not for the estate or the settlement of its affairs, but for the business of a commercial firm, it was bound to look into his authority to make such a disposition of them, and is held to a knowledge of all the limitations which the will as well as the law put upon his power.
There is no doubt that, unless restrained by statute, an executor can dispose of the personal assets of his testator by sale or pledge for all purposes connected with the discharge of his duties under the will. And even where the sale or pledge is

Oct. 1879.]

SMITH V. AYER.

made for other purposes, of which the purchaser or pledgee has no knowledge or notice, but takes the property in good faith, the transaction will be sustained; for the purchaser or pledgee is not bound to see to the disposition of the proceeds received. But the case is otherwise where the purchaser or pledgee has knowledge of the perversion of the property to other purposes than those of the estate, or the intended perversion of the proceeds. The executor, though holding the title to the personal assets, is not absolute owner of them. They are not liable for his debts, nor can he dispose of them by will. He holds them in trust to pay the debts of the deceased, and then to discharge his legacies; and, as in all other cases of trust, he is personally responsible for any breach of duty. And property thus held, acquired from him by third parties with knowledge of his trust and his disregard of its obligations, can be followed and recovered. The law exacts the most perfect good faith from all parties dealing with a trustee respecting trust property. Whoever takes it for an object other than the general purposes of the trust, or such as may reasonably be supposed to be within its scope, must look to the authority of the trustee, or he will act at his peril.
The adjudications in support of this doctrine are very numerous. The doctrine pervades the whole law of trusts. In Colt v. Lasnier,reported in 9th Cowen, Chief Justice Savage, of the Supreme Court of New York, after reviewing the cases, concludes that the correct rule both in England and in that State is, "That any person receiving from an executor the assets of his testator, knowing that this disposition of them is a violation of his duty, is to be adjudged as conniving with the executor, and that such person is responsible for the property thus received, either as purchaser or pledgee." And so in many cases it has been held that the payment by the executor of his own private debt with the assets of the testator is a devastavit; that is, a wasting of the estate. There are, indeed, some exceptions to this, as where the executor has paid debts of the testator with his own money to the value of the assets used. But, beyond a few exceptions of this kind, such a use of the assets is considered entirely indefensible, and the party receiving them will not be permitted to retain them, on the ground that the

SMITH V. AYER.

[Sup. at.

transaction itself gives him notice of their misapplication, and thus necessarily involves him as a participator in the fraud. And the doctrine is supported by many authorities that where a party has reasonable grounds for believing that an executor intends to misapply them, or is in the very transaction converting them to private uses, such party can take no advantage from the transaction. In the case of Miller v. Willianson, the Court of Appeals of Maryland held that the fact that the executor made an assignment of such assets to secure a debt owing to parties by a mercantile firm of which he was a member, was sufficient, in contemplation of law, to notify them that he was about to commit a devastavit. 5 Md. 219. And where an administrator had assigned promissory notes of the estate in his hands for goods for his own use, the Supreme Court of Indiana held that it was a waste of the assets; and that if the assignee had knowledge, even from the nature of the transaction, that the administrator was thus acting in violation of his trust, the right of property in the notes was not divested, and he could not hold the notes or profit by such assignment as against those rightfully entitled to them. Tkomasson, Admr., v. Brown, 43 Ind. 203. See also Field v. S&hieffelin, 7 Johns. (N. Y.) Ch. 150, and Petriev. Clark, 11 Serg. & R. (Pa.) 377.
In the cases at bar, the defendants Ayer & Co. and the directors of the bank knew that the pledging of the assets of the estate, of which Benjamin T. Renick was executor, to secure a loan for the business of a commercial house, was a misuse of them, unless, indeed, the will of his testator authorized it. The law imputed such knowledge to them. They could not say that such assets could be rightfully used as collateral security for loans to be employed in the business of a commercial house. It would be attributing to them the lack of ordinary good sense to suppose they entertained any such notion. The question then arises, whether the will of Thomas T. Renick authorized the assets of his estate, or the moneys to be raised upon them, to be used in the business of B. T. Renick & Co.
In that will the testator mentions a certain interest in the firm of Tower, Classen, & Co., acquired by funds belonging to him, a sister, and the children of a deceased brother, and he desired that such interest should be continued in the firm, under

Oct. 1879.]

SmITH v. A.YER.

the control of his brother, so long as the latter should deem it profitable; and that his own share should be retained in like manner for certain parties, so long as he should deem it advisable; and he bequeathed it to him as trustee for that purpose. It did not authorize the use of any of the general assets of the testator in that business, or the borrowing of money on its account. It may, indeed, be doubted whether the new firm of B. T. Renick & Co. can be considered as the same firm as Tower, Classen, & Co. The change of the old firm by Tower's withdrawal may have taken from it the person upon whose judgment alone the testator relied for a wise management of its business. We cannot say that a confidence reposed in the firm which existed when the will was made would have been extended to another firm consisting of different associates. But, assuming that its identity remained after the change of members and name, it is perfectly clear that the authority of the executor to continue a specifically designated existing interest in the firm did not extend to the use in its business of any other funds of the estate, or to the use of any property which he received in his official character, to raise funds for that purpose. In Burwell v. Mandeville's Executors, reported in 2d Howard, this doctrine is stated by this court with great distinctness. There the testator and one Cawood had been partners, and in his will the testator desired that his interest in the partnership should be continued until the expiration of the term limited by the articles between them, the business to be continued by his partner, and the profit and loss to be distributed in the manner there provided. After his death, his partner carried on the business of the partnership, but failed before the expiration of the stipulated term; and the object of the suit was to reach the general assets of the estate of the testator to pay certain debts of the firm contracted after his decease. It was held that the general assets were not thus liable. The court observed that it was competent for partners to provide by agreement for the continuance of the partnership after the death of one of them; or for one partner by his will to provide for the continuance of the partnership after his death, and if it was consented to by the surviving partner, it would become obligatory. "But then," continues the court,

SmTH V. AYE.[

[Sup. 0t.

speaking through Mr. Justice Story, "in each case the agreement or authority must be clearly made out; and third persons, having notice of the death, are bound to inquire how far the agreement or authority to continue it extends, and what funds it binds; and if they trust the surviving party beyond the reach of such agreement, or authority, or fund, it is their own fault, and they have no right to complain that the law does not afford them any satisfactory redress. A testator, too, directing the continuance of a partnership, may, if he so choose, bind his general assets for all the debts of the partnership contracted after his death. But he may also limit his responsibility, either to the funds already embarked in the trade, or to any specific amount to be invested therein for that purpose; and then the creditors can resort to that fund or amount only, and not to the general assets of the testator's estate, although the partner, or executor, or other persons carrying on the trade may be personally responsible for all the debts contracted." And after citing several authorities from the English reports in support of these positions, the learned justice remarks, "That nothing but the most clear and unambiguous language, demonstrating in the most positive manner that the testator intends to make his general assets liable for all debts contracted in the continued trade after his death, and not merely to limit it to the funds embarked in that trade, would justify the court in arriving at such a conclusion from the manifest inconvenience thereof, and the utter impossibility of paying off the legacies bequeathed by the testator's will, or distributing the residue of his estate, without, in effect, saying at the same time that the payments may all be recalled if the trade should become unsuccessful or ruinous." Ex parte Garland,10 Yes. Jr. 109; Ex parte Biclardson, i-c., 3 Madd. 79; Pitkinv. Pitkin,7 Conn. 306; Luchlt, Adm'r, v. Behrens, 28 Ohio St. 231.
According to the doctrine of this case,- and many others to the same purport might be cited, -there is no authority in the will of Thomas T. Renick justifying the use of the general assets of his estate in the business of B. T. Renick & Co., even if this firm be identical with that of Tower, Classen, & Co. Applying the notes of Harvey held by his executor, or using them to obtain money for that purpose, was a misappropriation

Oct. 1879.]

SMITH V. AYER.

of them, as much so as if they had been used for any other private business. The parties receiving them, knowing of the directions of the testator, cannot hold them against the claim of his representatives. The resignation of the executor who connived at this misappropriation having been accepted, and the administrator de bonis non with the will annexed having been appointed in his place, there is no objection to the prosecution of the suits in the latter's name, in conjunction with the representatives of Huston's estate, to compel the restoration of the notes. And as the notes in fact belong to the estate of Huston, the administrators de bonis non of that estate may insist that, when they are returned by Ayer & Co. and the National Bank of Westboro', they shall be delivered over to them.
In what we have thus said of the misappropriation of the notes, we have assumed that they belonged to the estate of Thomas T. Renick; for the defendants Ayer & Co. and the Bank of Westboro' contend that they had a right to so treat them, as they were in the possession of his executor, claiming them as part of the assets of his testator. But the want of authority on the part of the executor to pledge them is only the more marked from the fact that his testator only held them as executor for another estate, although that fact has not been allowed to affect the defence.
The decree in each case must, therefore, be reversed, and the court below directed to enter a decree, in the first case, that the defendants, Ayer & Co., surrender the note of Harvey taken by them to the complainants, the administrators de onlis non of the estate of Renick Huston; and that a like decree be entered in the second case against the First National Bank of Westboro', to surrender to the same complainants the other note of Harvey held by it, and that all other parties be enjoined from interfering with their collection of the said notes; and it is
So ordered.
NOTE.-A petition for a rehearing in the first case, and for a modification of the decree in the second case, having been filed, at a subsequent day of the
term,
31n. JUSTICE FiEw) delivered the opinion of the court.
The petition for a rehearing in the first case, and the petition for a modification of the decree in the second case, are both denied. The pledging of the notes

WATER-METEt Co. v. DESPER.

[Sup. Ct.

of Harvey, belonging to the estate of Renick Huston, or to the estate of Thomas T. Renick, - and for the purposes of these suits it matters not to which, as the representatives of both estates are parties complainant, - as security for moneys borrowed for the use of a mercantile firm, was a plain misappropriation of the property of one of the estates. Our decree was that the notes should be returned to the representative of the estate from which it was wrongfully taken. The defendants retain their claims against the firm of B. T. Rlenick & Co., on its notes, and can prosecute them before the ordinary tribunals; and if any members of the firm have interests in the estate of Renick Huston, or of other deceased parties, they can seek to subject those interests to the payment of the claims without prejudice from our decree in these cases.
Petitions denied.

WATER-METER OMPANY v. DEsPER.
1. While letters-patent for a combination are not infringed if a material part of it is omitted, yet if a part which is only formally omitted is supplied by a mechanical equivalent performing the same office and producing the same result, they are infringed.
2. The courts in this country cannot declare that any one of the elements entering into such a combination is immaterial. They can only decide whether a part omitted by the alleged infringer is supplied by an equivalent device.
3. Reissued letters-patent No. 5806, granted March 24, 1874, being a reissue of original letters No. 109,372 granted Nov. 22, 1870, to Phinehas Ball, and Benaiah Fitts, for an improvement in liquid meters, are not infringed by letters-patent No. 144,747, granted Nov. 18, 1873, to Henry A. Desper, for an improvement in fluid meters.
API'.AL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Massachusetts.
The facts are stated in the opinion of the court.
Mr. Andrew MeCallum for the appellant. Mr. T. -E.Maynadier, contra.
M . JUSTICE BRADLEY delivered the opinion of the court. This is a bill in equity filed by the Union Water-Meter Company, the appellant, to restrain the infringement of a patent and for an account of profits and damages. The letters-patent alleged to be infringed are reissued letters No. 5806, being a reissue of original letters-patent No. 109,872, granted 22d

862

KAIN v. GIBBONEY.

[Sup.Ct.

taking title to the property in controversy. No proof was taken, nor was the case heard upon the issue as to the mental capacity of Griffith to execute the conveyance of 1870, or as to its baving been obtained by fraudulent solicitations and representations upon the part of the agents of the appellant. The parties should have an opportunity to prepare the cause, and have it heard upon those issues.
The decree will be reversed, with directions to overrule the demurrer to the cross-bill and the exceptions to the answer, and for such further proceedings as may be consistent with this opinion.
So ordered.

KAn v. GIBBONEY.
1. In Virginia, since her repeal of the statute of 43d Elizabeth, c. 4, charitable bequests stand upon the same footing as other bequests, and her courts of chancery have no jurisdiction to uphold a charity where the objects are indefinite and uncertain. Such being the settled doctrine of her court of last resort this court accepts and enforces it in passing upon an attempted testamentary disposition of property which is claimed under the law of the State to be a valid gift for charitable uses.
2. A., who resided and died in Virginia, by her last will and testament, bearing date Dec. 9, 1854, and admitted to probate in 1861, bequeathed her property and money to B., "Roman Catholic bishop of Wheeling, Virginia, or his successor in said dignity, who is hereby constituted a trustee for the benefit of the community" (an unincorporated association previously described as a religious community attached to the Roman Catholic Church), the same "to be expended by the said trustee for the use and benefit of said community." Held, 1. That the bequest, conceding it to be for charitable uses, is invalid. 2. That the legislation of Virginia touching devises or bequest§ for the establishment or endowment of unincorporated schools or validating conveyances for the use and benefit of any religious society does not apply to this bequest.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Virginia.
On Aug. 7, 1853, Malvina Matthews, of Wythe County, Virginia, made her last will and testament, which was duly admitted to probate, devising a tract of land on which she then lived, to Granville H. Matthews in trust for her two daughters, Malvina and Eliza, and authorizing him to sell it and invest

Oct. 1879.]

KAIN V. GIBBONEY.

the proceeds at his discretion ; one half of the annual interest or dividends accruing therefrom to go to each of them as a fund, for her separate and ,sole use and benefit, especially in the event of her marriage. The will declared that one moiety of the principal arising from the sale of the land might be disposed of by each, either by deed to take effect after her death, or by will, and not otherwise.
Matthews sold the land, but was removed from the executorship and trusteeship; and Robert Gibboney, who was appointed in his stead, received of the trust fund $7,985.88, of which one-half belonged to said Eliza. The latter died, and her will, bearing date Dec. 9, 1854, was, in 1861, admitted to probate in the county court of Wythe County. Robert Gibboney qualified as her administrator. The will, after making various pecuniary bequests, among them one of $500 to " Richard V. Wheelan, Roman Catholic Bishop of Wheeling, Virginia, and his successors in that church dignity," contained the following provision : -
"In the event that I may hereafter become a member of any of the religious communities attached to the Roman Catholic Church, and am such at the time of my death, then it is my will that all the foregoing bequests and legacies be void, and that my executors hereinafter named shall pay over the whole of the property or other thing, after disposing of the same for money, to the aforesaid Richard V. Wheelan, bishop as aforesaid, or his successor in said dignity, who is hereby constituted a trustee for the benefit of the community of which I may be a member, the said property or money to be expended by the said trustee for the use and benefit of said community."
After making her will, she became a member of an unincorporated religious community attached to the Roman Catholic Church, known as the "Sisters of Saint Joseph," and was such at the time of her death.
In 1871, Alexander S. Matthews, her brother, instituted a suit against her legatees and other heirs-at-law in the Circuit Court of said county, to contest the validity of her will. An issue of devisavit vel non was ordered but not tried, as by consent of the counsel of the parties it was decreed that he should be paid from her estate the part thereof to which he would have been

KAIN V. GIBBONEY.

[Sup. Ct.

entitled had she died intestate; and that the devisee named in the will should proceed to collect the estate, and, after paying the debts and costs of suit, pay to said Alexander the tenth part. The suit was thereupon dismissed, with leave to have the same reinstated if necessary, for the purpose of enforcing the decree.
Some time thereafter, Elizabeth G. Gibboney, the executrix of Robert Gibboney, who had departed this life, delivered to Wheelan, as part of the estate of Eliza, a bond of one Johnson for $500.
Thereupon Wheelan brought this suit, in the court below, against said Elizabeth, to recover the residue of that estate, and alleged that said Robert had never invested the fund which he received as the trustee of Eliza, but had converted it to his own use, except the bond of Johnson.
Wheelan died, and John J. Kain having been duly appointed Bishop of Wheeling, the suit was revived in his name.
The bill was, on demurrer, dismissed, and Kain appealed to this court.
Mr. John IF. Johnstonfor the appellant. Mr. John A. Campbell, contra.

Mr. JUSTICE STRO.NG delivered the opinion of the court. The bequest which the complainant seeks to enforce by this bill was an attempted testamentary disposition under the law of Virginia, and the matter now to be determined is whether by that law it can be sustained. It may be conceded that, notwithstanding its uncertainty, a legacy given in the words of this will, if for a charity, would be held valid in England, and in most of the States of the Union. But we have now to inquire, What is the law of Virginia? The gift was made to " Richard V. Wheelan, Bishop of Wheeling, or to his successor in said dignity." It was, therefore, in effect, a gift to the office of the Bishop of Wheeling. Neither Bishop Wheelan, nor any bishop succeeding him, was intended to derive any private advantage from it. Nothing was intended to vest in him but the trust, and that was required to be executed by whomsoever should fill the office of bishop, only so long as he should fill it,

Oct. 1879.]

KAIN V. GIBBONEY.

and executed in his character of bishop, not as an individual. The bequest was practically to a bishopric, and as a bishop is not a corporation sole, it may be doubted whether, at the decease of the testatrix, there was any person capable of taking it. True it is, that generally a trust will not be allowed to fail for want of a trustee: courts of equity will supply one. But if it could be conceded that Wheelan was, in his lifetime, capable of taking the bequest, and that Bishop Kain is capable of taking and holding after the death of his predecessor, a greater difficulty is found in the uncertainty of the beneficiaries for whose use the trust was created. In the words of the will, they are a religious community, of which the testatrix
contemplated she might die a member. She died a member of a religious community attached to the Roman Catholic Church, known as the "Sisters of St. Joseph." That is an unincorporated association, and it is the association as such, and not the individual members who composed it, when the testa-
trix died, which is declared to be the beneficiary. Nor is it the community attached to any local church which is designated, but a community attached to the Roman Catholic
Church, wherever that church may exist. Its members must be constantly changing, and it must always be uncertain who may be its members at any given time. No member can ever claim any individual benefit from the bequest, or assert that she is a ceetui que trust; and the community having no legal existence, can never have a standing in court to call the trustees to account. This bequest is, therefore, plainly invalid, unless it can be supported as a charity. And it is far from evident that it is a gift for charitable uses. It looks more like private bounty. Charity is generally defined as a gift for a public use. Such is its legal meaning. Here the beneficial interest is given to a religious community, but not declared to be for religious uses. There is nothing in the will to show that aid to the poor, or aid to learning, or aid to religion, or to any humane object was intended.
Conceding, however, that it is a charitable bequest, it is a Virginia gift, by a Virginia will, and in that State charities in general are not upheld to any greater extent than ordinary trusts are. This will be very manifest when the decisions of

KAIN V. GIBBONEY.

[Sup. Ot.

the courts of the State and of this court are reviewed. The subject was fully considered in Baptist Association v. Hart's Executors (4 Wheat. 1), decided in 1819. There it appeared that the testator, a citizen of Virginia, had bequeathed certain military certificates to "the Baptist Association that for ordinary meets at Philadelphia annually," to be a perpetual fund for the education of youths of the Baptist denomination, who shall appear promising for the ministry, always giving a preference to the descendants of his father's family. Before the death of the testator the legislature of the State had repealed all English statutes, including, of course, the 43d Elizabeth, c. 4, at that time generally regarded as the origin of the jurisdiction of equity over charities. This court held that the Baptist Association, not having been incorporated at the testator's decease, could not take the trust as a society. 2. That the individuals composing it could not take. 3. That there were no persons who could take, if it were not a charity. 4. That the bequest could not be sustained as a charity. 5. That charitable bequests, where no legal interest is vested, and which are too vague to be claimed by those for whom the beneficial interest was intended, cannot, independently of the 43d Elizabeth, c. 4, be sustained by a court of equity, either in exercising its ordinary jurisdiction, or in enforcing the prerogative of the king as parenspatrice.
It is true, that the fifth rule thus announced, as a general proposition, is now known to have been erroneously stated. Trusts for charitable 'uses are not dependent for their support upon that statute. Before its enactment, they had been sustained by the English chancellors in virtue of their general equity powers in numerous cases. Vidal v. Girard's Executors, 2 How. 127. And generally, in this country, it has been settled that courts of equity have an original and inherent jurisdiction over charities, though the English statute is not in force, and independently of it. It is believed that such is the accepted doctrine in all the States of the Union, except Virginia, Maryland, and North Carolina. But, as we have said, the rule in Virginia is different, and it has been different ever since the case of Vidal v. Girard's Executors was decided.

Oct. 1879.]

KAIN v. GIBBONEY.

In 1832, the case of Gallego's Executors v. The AttorneyGeneral (3 Leigh (Va.), 450) came before the Court of Appeals of that State. A testator had directed his executors to lay by $2,000, "to be distributed among needy poor and respectable widows;" and in case the Roman Catholic chapel should be continued at the time of his death, he directed the executors to pay $1,000 towards its support, and if the Roman Catholic congregation should come to a determination to build a chapel at Richmond, to pay $3,000 towards its accomplishment. He further devised a lot to four trustees, in trust, to permit all and every person belonging to the Roman Catholic Church as members thereof, or professing that religion and residing in Richmond, to build a church on the lot for the use of themselves, and of all others of their religion who might thereafter reside in Richmond. These were undoubtedly gifts to charitable uses. Upon an information and bill in chancery to enforce the bequest and devise as charities, it was held that they were all uncertain as to the beneficiaries, and therefore void. The court ruled that the English statute of charitable uses having been repealed in Virginia, the courts of chancery of that State had no power to enforce charities where the objects are indefinite and uncertain, and that charitable bequests stand on the same footing as other bequests. The opinion of President Tucker is very elaborate, and fully sustains that view, approving the doctrine announced in Baptist Association v. Hart's .Executors, supra.
This case was followed by Wheeler v. Smith et al. (9 How. 55), decided in 1850, after Vidal's case. It reasserted the doctrine of Gallego's Executors v. The Attorney- General (supra), as the law of Virginia, and declared that the courts of chancery had no jurisdiction to uphold charities when the objects are indefinite and uncertain. Therefore, a bequest for a public purpose, namely, one given to trustees "for such purposes as they might consider to be most beneficial to the town and trade of Alexandria," was declared void.
In Seaburn's Executors v. Seaburn (15 Gratt. (Va.) 423), the case of Gallego'sExecutors v. The Attorney-General was again recognized as the law of the State, except so far as it had been modified by the statutes, and it was ruled that they did not

KAIN v. GIBBONEY.

[Sup. ot.

authorize a devise of land for the use of a religious congregation, but a conveyance only. A fortiori,that it did not authorize a bequest of money, to be expended in building a church at a specified place, or for the support of the pastor of such church.
So in a case not reported, a devise in these words: "I give to the Rev. W. J. Plummer, D.D., the residue of my estate, real and personal, in trust for the board of publication of the Presbyterian Church of the United States," was held to be void.
We do not overlook the fact that there are cases in which trusts for charitable uses have been sustained, though the description of the beneficiaries was uncertain, but in them all the decisions have been rested upon statutes of the State enacted to provide for special cases. In 1841-42, an act was passed by which it was declared that every conve yance should be valid Nvhich should thereafter be made of land for the use or benefit of any religious congregation, as a place for public worship, or as a burial place, or a residence for a minister. This was amended in 1866-67 by adding " or for the use or benefit of any religious society, or a residence for a bishop, or other minister or clergyman, who, though not in special charge of a congregation, is yet an officer of such church or society, and employed under its authority and about its business." Civil Code of 1860, c. 78, tit. 22, sect. 8; Civil Code of 1873, c. 76, tit. 22, sect. 8. It will be observed these statutes validate only conveyances. They controlled the decision made in Brooke et al. v. S acklett (13 Gratt. (Va.) 801), decided in 1856, and Seaburn'8 EXecutor8 v. Seaburn (supra), decided in 1859. The first of these cases -a deed conveying property in trust for the erection of a local Methodist church and the use of its members -was sustained. But Gallego's case was expressly recognized as the law of the State, except so far as the statute had changed it.
On the 2d of April, 1839, the legislature passed an act declaring that devises and bequests for the establishment or endowment of unincorporated schools, academies, or colleges, should be valid, requiring, however, that reports of the devises or bequests should be made to the legislature, and that in case

Oct. 1879.]

O AIN v. GIBBONEY.

it should fail to incorporate the schools, academies, &c., within a certain time, the gifts should fail. Acts of 1889, c. 12, 11, 13.
So, also, at an early date, the State created a corporation to manage what was called the literary fund (Civil Code of 1860, chapters 78, 79, 80), and by the sections of chapter 80 it was enacted that every gift, grant, devise, or bequest made since April 2, 1839, or which might be made thereafter, for literary purposes, or for the education of white persons within the State (other than for the use of a theological seminary), whether made to a body corporate or unincorporated, or to a natural person, should be as valid as if made to or for the benefit of a certain natural person, with some exceptions. Under these and similar statutes charitable gifts in favor of the literary fund, or of schools, have been sustained, which, without the statutes, would have been held invalid. Such were Literary Fund v. Dawson, 10 Leigh (Va.), 147, and 1 Rob. (Va.) 402; .Kinnairdv. Miller, ex'r & als. 25 Gratt. (Va.) 107, and -elly v. Love, 20 id. 124. But in all these cases the general law of the State is recognized to be as asserted in Gallego's Executors v. The Attorney - aeneral. The bequest now under consideration, therefore, cannot be sustained as a charity.
Equally certain is it that the complainant cannot stand upon the consent decree made by the Circuit Court of Wythe County upon the issue of devisavit vel non, ordered to try whether the instrument purporting to be the will of the testatrix was her will. That issue, framed to try only the validity of the instrument, not the validity of the disposition made by it, was never tried. It was dismissed. No decree was made that the will was valid. To the agreement recited in the decree the defendant was not a party, and the arrangement made by the counsel of the parties to the record did not bind her. Moreover, if she had been bound by it, it conferred no right upon the present complainant.
-Decree affirmed.

VOL.1 I.

YOUNG V. BRADLEY.

[Sup. Ct.

YOUING V. BRADLEY.
1. Whatever may be the terms creating a trust estate, its nature and duration are governed by the requirements of the trust.
2. A. died in 1867. By his last will and testament he devised his entire estate to B., in trust, first, to set apart a certain house and its contents, together with one-third of the net income of his estate, to his widow for her natural life; then to divide said estate into four equal parts, and allot one to his son C., another to the children of the latter, and the remaining two to his daughters D. and E.respectively; then, upon the death of said widow, to set apart to D. and E.the house occupied by her, the same being a charge against their respective shares of the estate; next. to hold the shares of said D. and E., in trust, for their sole and separate use, free from the control of their husbands, during their respective natural lives; hut in the event of either of them dying without issue her share should go to the children of C. The will further provided that B. should have the largest powers and discretion in taking charge of and managing the estate, and authorized him to have, hold, direct, and control the aforesaid trust property, according to his best judgment, and to sell and dispose of the same, or any parts thereof, from time to time, subject only to the aforesaid trusts, and as freely as A. could do if living; and also in all things to have the same powers, rights, privileges, benefits, advantages as A. might have, if living, in all and any contracts, bargains, agreements, companies, or other compacts to which he, A., was a party. By consent of the parties interested, no division or distribution of the estate was made. The widow died in 1868, C.in 1869, and D. and E. in 1870, both of the latter without issue. In 1871, B., as trustee, conveyed certain parts of the real estate to F. Thereupon C.'s children filed this bill to have the conveyance set aside as null and void, and for a decree entitling them to the possession of the premises. Hd, 1. That at the time B. undertook to sell the property to F., the trust estate created in him by the will of A. had become extinct. 2. That his powers as trustee having ceased, his conveyance to F. was void.
APEAL from the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia. William A. Bradley, of the city of Washington, died in 1867, leaving a last will and testament, as follows: -
"I, William A. Bradley, of the city of Washington, being of sound disposing mind, memory, and understanding, do make and publish this my last will and testament, hereby revoking all and every other will heretofore made by me.
"Item first. After the payment of my just debts and funeral expenses by my executors hereinafter named, I give, devise, and bequeath all of my estate, real, personal, and mixed, of whatever kind it may be, and wheresoever situated, to my son, William A. Bradley, Jr., and my cousin, A. Thomas Bradley, their heirs, execu-

Oct. 1879.]

YOUNG v. BRADLEY.

tors, and administrators, the survivor of them, his heirs, executors, and administrators, in trust, first, to set apart the house in which I now reside, on New York Avenue, in the city of Washington, together with all and singular the household effects, including pictures, plate, books, and other chattels now therein, or therein at the time of my death, to my dear wife, to be held exclusively by her during her natural life; and out of the net income derived from my said estate of every sort to pay to her one equal third part annually, or quarter-yearly, as she may prefer, so long as she shall live.
"Next, I direct my said trustees, and the survivor of them, to divide all of my said estate immediately after my death, including that which is real, personal, or mixed, into four equal parts, as near as in their or his judgment and valuation can be done, and if they cannot agree they shall select a competent disinterested third to aid them in such division and valuation, and the decision of any two of said three persons shall determine said division and valuation; and of these parts my said trustees, or said survivor, shall allot one part to my said son, William A. Bradley, Jr.; one part to the children of my said son, now or hereafter born in lawful wedlock; one part to my daughter, Jeanette H. Linton; and one part to my daughter Sidney T. Edelin, whose portion shall embrace the property owned by me situated in Corning, Steuben County, in the State of New York, and known as and termed in my family the ' Corning property;' and if either or both of my said daughters die without issue, either before or after my death, her or their said fourth parts shall go to the children of my said son now and hereafter born, share and share alike, subject as to Sidney's portion to the subsequent provisions in this will.
"1Next,upon the death of my said wife, I direct my said trustees, and the survivor of them, to add to the parts set apart to my said daughters the house specially set apart for my said wife for life, the same being an equal charge upon their portions during her said life, and charging them on their said parts each five thousand dollars for their respective interest in said property; and they or the survivor of my said trustees shall also take into possession the said household effects and other chattels, and make, according to his or their judgments, an equal distribution of the same in kind as to the whole, or in part as to some, and in the proceeds of sales as to others, among the parties entitled to take real estate under this my will, and in the same proportions.
"Next, if my said daughter Sidney T. dies before her present husband, and he survives me, and she leaves no issue, then I direct

YOUNG v. BRADLEY.

[Sup. Ct.

my said trustee, and the survivor of them, to convey to said Sidney T.'s husband, Dr. Alfred Edelin in fee-simple, that part of my estate known as aforesaid as the ' Corning property.'
"Next, I direct my said trustees, and the survivor of them, to hold the portions my said daughters receive under this my will, in trust, to and for their respective, sole, and separate use, as if femes sole, and never married, free from the control of any present or future husbands they or either of them may ever have, and not to be in any manner subject to the control or liable for the debts of such husbands for and during their respective natural lives; and if either of them dies before or after me leaving issue, such issue shall have the mother's part, share and share alike, to be held in trust for them by my said trustees and the survivor of them, until the young-
est of such issue shall attain the age of twenty years, or in the discretion of my said trustees and the survivor it may appear best to terminate said trusts; and in the absence of issue of either or both of them, then to follow the dispositions hereinbefore provided in that event; but whether with or without issue of my said daughter
Sidney T., nothing shall be herein understood to prejudice the conditional estate bereinbefore provided for her said husband.
"Next, I direct that upon the division into four parts hereinbefore prescribed, my said son, William A. Bradley, Jr., or his heirs, shall have and receive his portion immediately, except only his distributive share in the personal property left to my wife for her life, and free from any and all trusts whatever contained in this will.
"Item second. I give and bestow upon my said trustees and the survivor of them the largest powers and discretion in taking charge of and managing my estate, and authorize them and the survivor to have, hold, direct, and control the aforesaid trust property according to their or the survivor's best judgment, and to sell and dispose of the same, or any parts thereof,from time to time, subject only to the aforesaid trusts, and as freely as I myself could do if living; and also in all things to have the same powers, rights, privileges, benefits, advantages as I myself have, or might have if living, in all and any contracts, bargains, agreements, companies, or other compacts to which I am now or may become a party.
"Item third. I nominate, constitute, and appoint my said trustees, and the survivor of them, executors and executor of this my last will and testament.
"In witness whereof, I have hereto set my hand and seal this seventh day of August, in the year eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
"W. A. BRADLuY." [snA.]

Oct. 1879.]

YOUNG v. BRADLEY.

The testator's widow died in 1868, his son in 1869, and his daughters, without issue, in 1870.
Under item second of the will, A. Thomas Bradley, the other trustee being dead, undertook as surviving trustee, in June, 1871, to convey to Mark Young certain iiiill property in Georgetown, whereof the testator died seised. To recover it this bill was brought by the children of William A. Bradley, Jr., son of the testator.
The court below held the conveyance void for want of power in the trustee to make it, and granted the relief prayed in the bill. Young thereupon appealed to this court.
3ir. Enoch Totten for the appellant. 3ir. Walter .D. Davidge and Ir. .eginald PFendall, contra.

MI. JUSTICE MILLER delivered the opinion of the court.

The decision of this case turns upon the construction of the

powers conferred by the will on the trustees named in it.

As this question of power is the principal one in the case, a

critical examination of the terms of the will as connected with

the condition of the trust estate and of the cestuis que trust, at

the time of the execution of the deed, becomes necessary.

The will begins by a declaration that the testator gives,

devises, and bequeaths all of his estate, real, personal, and mixed,

of whatever kind it may be, and wherever situated, to William

A. Bradley, Jr., his son, and A. Thomas Bradley, his cousin,

and to the survivor and his heirs in trust. Then follows the

distinct declaration of these trusts, the first of which is of

the house in which he lived, and its furniture, and one-third of

the net income of his estate besides, to his wife during her life.

He next directs that the trustees shall divide all his estate im-

mediately after his death into four equal parts, and allot them

as follows: One part to his son William, who shall receive his

portion at once; one to the children then living or thereafter

born to said William; one to Mrs. Linton, a married daugh-

ter; and one to Mrs..Edelin, another married daughter. The

portions left to the two daughters were to include the home-

stead, for which each of them was to be charged $5,000 in

dividing the property; "and the trustees or the survivor of

my said trustees shall also take into possession the said house-

VOL. XI.

50

YOUNG v. BRADLEY.

[Sup. 0 .

hold effects and other chattels, and make, according to his or their best judgments, an equal distribution of the same in kind as to the -whole or in part as to some, and in proceeds of sales as to others, among the parties entitled to real estate under this will, and in the same proportions."
He next directed the trustees to hold the portions of his daughters in trust for their sole and separate use, free from the control of their husbands and from liability for their debts; and he provided for such disposition of their respective shares on their death that all the interest of both of them, and in fact all the beneficial interests under the will, had vested in the children of William A. Bradley, Jr., at the time the deed to Young was made by A. Thomas Bradley. This resulted from the death of each daughter childless, and the death of testator's wife and son.
By the unanimous request of the persons interested under the will, no division into four parts and no distribution of the estate was ever made. As we have already said, by reason of the death of all the beneficiaries under the will except the children of W. A. Bradley, Jr., and by the payment of all the debts of the testator, the entire interest in the estate of the testator had become vested in them ; and, under these circumstances, the inquiry is, what authority had the surviving trustee to tell real estate.
The legal title, it is argued, is vested in him by the will. The power conferred by item second is as ample as language can make it, with the single limitation that it is subject to the trusts of the will. The estate vested in the trustees was designed to enable them to execute these trusts. It was not an estate to last for ever. The things to be done by the trustees were defined, and in the nature of things were to have an end.
What were the purposes for which this trust was created, and what remained for a trustee to do in execution of them?
1. They were to hold for the benefit of the widow, during her life, and see that she received the one-third of the annual income of his estate. She is long since dead, and that trust has ceased.
2. We may suppose that in making the partition and distribution, sales to equalize, and conveyance to the distributees

Oct. 1879.]

YOUNG v. BRADLEY.

were necessary. The whole interest has become vested in one of the four distributees of the will, and nothing remains to be done under the trust in regard to that distribution.
3. The trustees were to hold the shares of the daughters as a protection against their husbands, and for the children of these daughters until the youngest of such children should attain the age of twenty-one years, unless in the discretion of the trustees it should appear best to terminate the trust earlier. There were no such children of the daughters, and the daughters are both dead.
There was no such control ovei the distributive shares of the children of W. A. Bradley, Jr., and as the whole of it has come to them, the trustees are not their trustees as they were of the widow of the testator, his daughters, and their children if there had been such.
These are all the trusts declared by the will. They were all performed, superseded, or terminated before the deed to Young was made. The trustee in making that deed was discharging no trust reposed in him and no duty required of him by the will. It is not suggested anywhere that any such purpose was in view. It is said that the property was dilapidated and needed repair. But as it belonged to Mrs. Bradley and her children, and as the will did not confer on the trustees any guardianship or control over the property of the testator's son's children after their share was allotted to them, the trustees had no power over it when it came to them by the other provisions of the will on the death of the other devisees.
The doctrine is well settled that, whatever the language by which the trust estate is vested in the trustee, its nature and duration are governed by the requirements of the trust. If that requires a fee-simple estate in the trustee, it will be created, though the language be not apt for that purpose. If the language conveys to the trustee and his heirs for ever, while the trust requires a more limited estate either in quantity or duration, only the latter will vest.
Mr. Perry, in his work on Trusts, supports by a very full
array of authorities these two propositions in regard to the construction of instruments out of which trust estates arise: 1. "Whenever a trust is created, a legal estate sufficient for

YOUNG v. BRADLEY.

[Sup. Ct.

the purposes of the trust shall, if possible, be implied in the trustee, whatever may be the limitations in the instrument, whether to him and his heirs or not." 2. "Although a legal estate may be limited to a trustee to the fullest extent, as to him and his heirs, yet it shall not be carried further than the complete execution of the trust necessarily requires." Perry, Trusts, sect. 312. Again, he says: "In the United States, the distinction between deeds and wills in respect to the trustee's estate has not been kept up; and the general rule is, that whether words of inheritance in the trustee are or are not in the deed, the trustee will'take an estate adequate in the execution of the trust, and no more nor less." Sect. 320.
The case of lNoble v. Andrews (37 Conn. 346) bears a strong analogy to the one before us in principle, where it was held that a gift to a person in trust for. a wife during her life, and to her heirs for ever, subject to her husband's curtesy, conveyed to the trustee only an estate for the life of the wife, and at her death the trust ceased.
This subject is considered and the authorities fully reviewed by Mr. Justice Swayne, in Doe, Lessee of -Poor, v. Considine, 6 Wall. 458. "It is -well settled," says he, "that where no intention to the contrary appears, the language used in creating the estate -will be limited and restrained to the purposes of its creation. And when they are satisfied, the estate of the trustee ceases to exist and his title becomes extinct. The extent and duration of the estate are measured by the objects of its creation."
We are satisfied that, at the time A. Thomas Bradley undertook to sell to Mark Young the property in controversy, the trust estate created in him by the will of William A. Bradley, Sen., had become extinct, and that his conveyance was void because his powers as such trustee had ceased.
Two minor objections are taken to the decree which require notice.
1. It is said that the amount charged to Young for the use and occupation of the property is excessive. It is a sufficient answer to this to say that the matter was referred to an auditor, on whose report the decree in that respect was based, and that no exception was taken to his report.

Oct. 1879.]

POWERS V. COMLY.

2. It is alleged for error also that no provision is made by the decree to refund to Young the purchase-money, amounting to about $10,000, paid by him under the contract. At first blush, this demand of Young to have his money or the property seems just.
The court below seemed to be impressed with this view of the matter, for in the order of reference to the auditor, who in that court performs the functions of a master in chancery, he was directed to report "how much, if any, of the money paid by said Mark Young to A. Thomas Bradley went to the benefit and advantage of the complainants." And he reported that none of it did. To this branch of the report there was no exception, though an effort was made, after the time for it had passed, to except to other parts of the report. So that we are concluded by that report.
But in the view we have taken of the case the sale by Bradley was utterly void. The complainants are entitled to their property and compensation for its use, and the matter of the return of the money to Young is one solely between Bradley and him, with which these complainants have nothing to do. It is not the rescission of a valid contract, in which case the parties must be placed in statu quo, but the recovery of property held on a void deed with a declaration of its original nullity.
-Decree affirmed.

POWERS v. CO LY.
1. Opium, the product of Persia, imported to the United States from a country west of the Cape of Good Hope, is subject to the additional duty of ten per cent ad ralorern imposed by the third section of the act of June 6, 1872. 17 Stat. 232; Rev. Stat., sect. 2501.
2. That act is not in conflict with the treaty between the United States and Persia. 11 Stat. 709.
ERROR to the Circuit Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
This suit was brought by Powers & Weightman, of Philadelphia, against the collector of that port to recover the additional duty of ten per cent ad valorem, exacted by him under the third

870

PHELPS V. HARRIS.

[Sup. at.

PHELPS V. HARRIS.
1. A., although out of possession of certain lands in Mississippi, filed his bill under a statute of that State to remove a cloud upon his title to them. The question of title was directly raised and litigated by the parties. The court being of opinion that he was not entitled to any relief in the premises, dis. missed the bill. A. thereupon brought ejectment against B., the defendant in the former suit. Held, that the decree did not render the main controversy res judicata,as the court merely decided in effect that the bill would not lie.
2. A power to "sell and exchange" lands includes the power to make partition of them.
3. Where a testator devising land in Mississippi appointed a trustee with power "to dispose of all or any portion of it" that might fall to the devisees and "invest the proceeds in such manner as he might think proper for their benefit," this court, without laying down as a general rule that the words "dispose of" import a power to make partition, holds, in view of the opinion of the Supreme Court of Mississippi on the precise point in a case between the same parties, although not announced under such conditions as made it resjudicata,that the trustee had power to make partition.
4. It is not a valid objection to the partition that the trustee authorized to make it did not give his personal attention to it, but by agreement with one of the heirs demanding it, submitted it to disinterested -persons, whose arbitrament he confirmed by executing the necessary indenture.
ERROR to the Circuit Court of the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi.
The facts are fully stated in the opinion of the court.
Mr-. G. Gordon Adam, for the plaintiffs in error. Mr. William L. Nugent, contra.
MR. JUSTICE BRADLEY delivered the opinion of the court. This was an action of ejeetment for certain lands in Sharkie County, Mississippi, brought by Alonzo J. Phelps and Mary B. Phelps, his wife, the plaintiffs in error, against the defendants in error, of whom George 0. Harris and Helen S. Harris, his wife, were admitted to defend as landlords, the other defendants being their tenants in possession of the property in dispute. The principal question in the case is, whether Henry W. Vick, father of the plaintiff, Mary B. Phelps, and trustee under a deed made by his wife, Sarah, in 1850, and also trustee under the will of his brother, -Grey Jenkins Vick, made in 1849, had authority under those instruments to make partition

Oct. 1879.]

PHELPS V. HARRIS.

of the lands given and devised therein to, and for the use of, his children. If he had such authority, and exercised it in a proper manner, the plaintiffs have no title, and the judgment must be affirmed. If he had not such authority, or did not exercise it effectually, the plaintiffs are entitled to recover either all the land in controversy or an undivided part thereof, and the judgment must be reversed. The facts of the case are set out in a special finding of the court below.
By the deed of Sarah Vick, referred to (in which her husband joined), she conveyed certain lands of which she was seised, to a trustee, to be held upon trust for her own separate use for life, with remainder to her children in fee; subject to certain powers of sale and exchange, and with the following proviso :-
1.Providedfurther,that said trustee is to permit the said Henry W. Vick, as agent for said trustee, and as agent and trustee for said Sarah Vick, during her life, and as agent and trustee for her children after her death, to superintend, possess, manage, and control said property for the benefit of all concerned. Said Henry W. Vick is to have power to sell and exchange said property after the death of said Sarah Vick, and to apply the proceeds to the payment of the debt due to the trustees of the Bank of the United States; if such debt is paid, the proceeds of the sale to be rein vested, and be subject to the trusts of this deed.'
The deed closes with this paragraph: -
"My intention is that said Henry W. Vick shall he regarded, for the purposes of this deed, not merely as an agent, but also a co-trustee, and I desire he may be required to give no security for the performance of his duties; and the said Jonathan Pearce [the trustee] is not, in any manner, to be responsible for the acts and conduct of said Henry W. Vick."
Sarah Vick died in 1850, leaving four children by her said husband; viz., Mary B. Vick (now said Mary B. Phelps), Henry G. Vick (under whom the defendants claim), Ann P. Vick, and George R. C. Vick, all of whom were then under age and unmarried.
By the will of Grey Jenkins Vick, referred to, the said Grey devised certain lands and other property to the grandchildren

PHELPS V. HARRIS.

[Sup. Ct.

of his father and mother, among whom were the said children of Henry W. and Sarah Vick, and constituted the said Henry W. Vick trustee for his said children, giving him full power to dispose of all or any portion of said property which might fall to said children, and invest the proceeds in such manner as he might think proper for their benefit. After the said Grey's death, the said Henry W., as trustee of his said children, became seised in sevoralty by partition with the other devisees, of the proportion of lands devised to his said children, upon the trusts of the will.
In December, 1856, Henry G. Vick, the eldest of said four children of Henry W. and Sarah Vick, became of age, and soon after demanded from his father an account of his trust, and that his portion of the property held under said deed and will should be set off to him in severalty, and threatened to file a bill in equity for that purpose. They finally agreed to leave the matter to their attorneys, who decided that Henry G. Vick, having become of age, had the right to demand a division of the property, and to have his share set off to him; and the said attorneys signed a written instrument proposing the mode in which such division should be made, to wit, through the intervention of disinterested persons to be chosen by the parties. This plan was adopted; and Henry W. Vick and his son entered into a written agreement to that effect, designating the persons for making the partition, and binding thfemselves to stand to and abide by their decision. The arbitrators made an award by which the lands in controversy in this suit were allotted to said Henry G. Vick; an indenture was made between him and his father to carry the partition into effect; and he remained in possession of the lands set off to him until his death in May, 1859. It is this partition which is called in question by the plaintiffs.
Henry G. Vick died without issue, having first made a will by which he devised the lands in controversy, which were set off to him as aforesaid, to Helen S. Johnston, now said Helen S. Harris, who, after his death, went into possession thereof, and has ever since continued in possession.
The contention of the plaintiffs is, that Henry W. Vick had no authority, either under his wife's deed, or under the will of

Oct. 1879.]

PHELPS v. HARRIS.

Grey Jenkins Vick, to make partition of the lands, that the partition made with Henry G. Vick was void, that he acquired no separate estate thereby, and had no power to devise the lands specifically, and that the plaintiff, Mary B. Phelps, as sole surviving child of Henry W. and Sarah Vick (the others having died without issue), is entitled to recover the property.
In pursuit of the supposed rights of Mary B. Phelps, the
plaintiffs, in February, 1871, exhibited a bill in the Chancery Court of Washington County, Mississippi (in which the lands in controversy were then situated), against the defendants, George C. Harris and Helen his wife, to remove the cloud from the supposed title of said Mary, raised by said partition and the will of Henry G. Vick. The defendants relied on the validity of said partition and will, and the question was fully contested. In November, 1873, a decree was made dismissing the bill. An appeal was taken, and the Supreme Court affirmed the decree. The plaintiffs then brought this action of ejectment; and one of the questions in the cause is, whether the decree in the chancery suit did not render the controversy res judicata. The plaintiffs contended that it did not, and that the only effect of the decree was, to decide that a bill to remove the cloud from the title would not lie, leaving the parties to all their legal rights in an action at law.
On this question the court below finds and concludes as follows: -
"And the court here now finds as a fact, from an inspection of the record in the said chancery cause, that the question as to the validity of the partition of the lands aforesaid, made by the said Henry W. Vick and the said Henry G. Vick under the deed of the said Sarah Vick and the will of said Grey J. Vick, and the power of said Henry W. Vick to make such partition, as well as the validity of the devise made by the said Henry W. Vick to the said Helen S. Harris, was directly raised by the bill in said cause and litigated between the parties; and that the said Supreme Court adjudged and decided that the said partition and devise were both valid and effectual, and that the said Henry W. Vick had full power and authority to make the said partition with the said Henry G. Vick. Which decision so made by said court was done to determine the juris-

PHELPS V. HARRIS.

[Sup. Ot.

diction of the court in said cause, and that said Supreme Court decided that the said Chancery Court had no jurisdiction thereof, and that if the said complainants therein have any right to the lands described therein, and which are the same for which this action of ejectment is brought, it is a legal title which must be enforced in an action at law."
The decree of the Chancery Court of Washington County, which was affirmed by the Supreme Court, was in the following words: "The court being of opinion that the complainants are not entitled to the relief prayed for in their bill, or to any relief in the premises from this court, it is therefore ordered, adjudged, and decreed that the said complainants' bill of complaint be and the same is dismissed, and that complainants pay the costs, &c."
The bill was filed under a statute of Mississippi, which declared as follows: "When any person, not the rightful owner of any real estate in this State shall have any deed or other -evidence of title thereto, or which may cause doubt or suspicion in the title of the real owner, such real owner may file a bill in the Chancery Court of the county in which the real estate is situated, to have such deed or other evidence of title cancelled, and such cloud, doubt, or suspicion removed from said title, whether such real owner be in possession, or be threatened to be disturbed in his possession or not, &c." Rev. Stat. Miss., 1871, sect. 975, p. 191.
It is probable that the only effect of this statute was to enable owners of land not in possession to file a bill for the removal of clouds upon their title; since the ordinary jurisdiction of a court of chancery is sufficient to enable owners in possession to file such a bill. The questions, what constitutes such a cloud upon. the title, and what character of title the complainant himself must have, in order to authorize a court of equity to assume jurisdiction of the case, are to be decided upon principles which have long been established in those courts. Prominent amongst these are, first, that the title or right of the complainant must be clear; and, secondly, that the pretended title or right which is alleged to be a cloud upon it, must not only be clearly invalid or inequitable, but must be such as may, either at the present or at a future time, embar-

Oct. 1879.]

PHELPS V. HARRIS.

rass the real owner in controverting it. For it is held that, where the complainant himself has no title, or a doubtful title, he cannot have this relief. "Those only," said Mr. Justice Grier, "who have a clear legal and equitable title to land connected with possession, have any right to claim the interference of a court of equity to give them peace or dissipate a cloud on the title." Orton v. Smith, 18 How. 263; and see Ward v. Chamberlain,2 Black, 430, 444; West v. Schnebly, 54 Ill. 523; Huntington v. Allen, 44 Miss. 654; Stark v. Starrs, 6 Wall. 402. And as to the defendant's title, if its validity is merely doubtful, it is more than a cloud, and he is entitled to have it tried by an action at law; and if it is invalid on its face, so that it can never be successfully maintained, it does not amount to a cloud, but may always be repelled by an action at law. Overing v. .Foote, 43 N. Y. 290; Meloy v. .Dougherty, 16 Wis. 269. Justice Story says: "Where the illegality of the agreement, deed, or other instrument appears upon the face of it, so that its nullity can admit of no doubt, the same reason for the interference of courts of equity, to direct it to be cancelled or delivered up, would not seem to apply; for in such a case, there can be no danger that the lapse of time may deprive the party of his full means of defence; nor can it, in a just sense, be said that such a paper can throw a cloud over his right or title, or diminish its security; nor is it capable of being used as a means of vexatious litigation, or serious injury." 2 Eq. Jur. sect. 700, a.
The Supreme Court of Mississippi, in their opinion in _Phelps v. Harris (51 Miss. 789) a case between the present parties, say: "This jurisdiction of equity cannot properly be invoked to adjudicate upon the conflicting titles of parties to real estate. That would be to draw into a court of equity from the courts of law, the trial of ejectments. He who comes into a court of equity to get rid of a legal title, which is allowed to cast a shadow on his own title, must show clearly the validity of his own title, and the invalidity of his opponent's. Banks v. Evans, 10 S. & M. 35; Huntington v. Allen, 44 Miss. 662. Nor will equity set aside the legal title on a doubtful state of case. The complainant, to enable him to maintain such a suit, must be the real owner of the land, either in law or equity. Had the

PHELPS V. HARRIS.

[Sup. Ot.

defendant, Mrs. Harris, derived her title to the property in controversy even from a doubtful exercise of power, that of itself would be sufficient to preclude the complainants from a resort to equity, upon the well-settled principles above laid down. The proper forum to try titles to land is a court of law, and this jurisdiction cannot be withdrawn at pleasure, and transferred to a court of equity under the pretence of removing clouds from title" (p. 793). The court further concludes that this limited jurisdiction does not draw to it the right to take jurisdiction of the whole controversy in relation to the title to the land, right of possession, rents, &c., and thus usurp the jurisdiction belonging to the courts of law.
It is true that the court, in the former part of its opinion, discussed the question of the validity of the partition made by H. W. Vick and his son, and held that the partition was good, and that the title of Henry G. Vick to the lands in controversy was perfect; and, as a consequence, that the defendant's title was also perfect. But this discussion was entered into for the purpose of showing that the title of the defendant was not so devoid of validity as to constitute a mere cloud on the title; and consequently that the case was not one in which a court of equity could give relief.
We think, therefore, that the court below was right in determining that the decree in the equity case did not render the main controversy res judicata,but only decided that the bill would not lie; in other words, that it was not a proper case for a court of equity to determine the rights of the parties.
This brings us to the merits of the controversy, involving the question whether the partition made between Henry W. Vick and his son Henry G. Vick was valid. The plaintiffs contend that neither the deed of Sarah Vick, nor the will of Grey Jenkins Vick, gave to Henry W. Vick the power to make partition. The substance of -those instruments, so far as relates to the question under consideration, has been recited. By the deed of Sarah Vick, the trustee therein named was directed to permit her husband, Henry W. Vick, as his agent, and as agent and trustee for herself and her children, "to superintend, possess, manage, and control said property for the benefit of il concerned." And it is added, "Said Henry W. Vick is to

Oct. 1879.]

PHELPS V. HARRIS.

have power to sell and exchange said property after the death of said Sarah Vick, and to apply the proceeds to the payment of the debt due to the trustees of the Bank of the United States; if such debt is paid, the proceeds of the sale to be re-invested and be subject to the trusts of this deed." The codicil to the will of Grey Jenkins Vick, made Henry W. Vick a trustee for his, Henry W. Vick's, children, and gave him full power to dispose of all or any portion of the property devised by said will, which might fall to said Henry's children, and to invest the proceeds in such manner as he might think proper for their benefit. These were the express powers granted. Henry G, Vick, one of the children, came of age and demanded his portion separate from the rest. No question is made about his right to have such division made. Had Henry W. Vick no power to co-operate with him in making such a division? That is the question. In the one case power is given to sell and exchange, superintend, possess, manage, and control for the benefit of all concerned; in the other, full power to dispose of all or any portion, and invest the proceeds in any manner he might think proper for the children's benefit.
The question whether a naked power to sell or exchange implies a power to make partition is discussed by Sir Edward Sugden in his work on Powers. He says: "It is clear that a power to make partition of an estate will not authorize a sale or exchange of it; but it has frequently been a question amongst conveyancers, whether the usual power of sale and exchange does not authorize a partition, and several partitions have been made by force of such powers under the direction of men of eminence. This point underwent considerable discussion on the title, which afterwards led to the case of Abell v. .eatoote, 4 Bro. 0. 0. 278; 2 Ves. Jun. 98. Mr. Fearne thought the power did authorize a partition, on the ground that a partition was in effect an exchange." Sugden adds, that the lords commissioners, Eyre, Ashurst, and Wilson, before whom the case was first heard, all thought that the power was to receive a liberal construction, as its object was to meliorate the estate. Eyre thought, that upon the word 8ell, the trustees should have a power of making partition, because it was in effect to take quite a new estate. Ashurst and Wilson thought, that what-

378

PHELPS V. HARRIS.

[Sup. Ct.

ever power might be derived from the word sell, the other words of the power, convey for an equivalent (which were also used), were sufficient. But they made no decision. Upon the cause coming before Lord Rosslyn, he determined that the power was well executed, and founded his opinion upon its being in effect an exchange, as the consequences and effects of a partition and an exchange, as to the interests of the parties, are precisely the same. Sir Edward then notices the decision of Lord Eldon in the case of McQueen v. Farquhar(11 Ves. 467), that a power to sell simply, does not authorize a partition. He then adds: "Until the question shall receive further decision, it can scarcely be considered clear that a power to exchange will authorize a partition;" but he proceeds to show that the decision in Abell v. Heathcote must have been based on the power to exchange, and not on any additional words. After referring to the case of Attorney-CGeneral v. Hamilton (1 Maddo 122), which was not decisive of the point, Sugden closes his discussion by saying: "But, as Lord Rosslyn has observed, this objection may be obviated where there is a power of sale. The undivided part of the estate may be sold, the trustees may teceive the money and then lay it out in the purchase of the divided part, and although the sale is merely fictitious in order to effect the partition, it should seem that the transaction cannot be impeached." 2 Sugden, Powers,479-482 (7th ed.), 1845.
We have quoted more largely from Sugden's work because of his great authority on questions of real estate and equity.
It will be seen that he regards it as doubtful whether the power to make partition is included in the power to sell and exchange; but that partition may be effected indirectly under the power to sell, by actually selling the undivided interest, and purchasing a separate interest with the proceeds. The last edition of Sugden on Powers, published in 1861, has no change in the text on this subject.
In the case of Doe v. S tpencer (2 Exch. Rep. 752), decided in 1848, Baron Rolfe, afterwards Lord Cranworth, speaking for the court, held, in accordance with Mr. Preston's note to Shepherd's Touchstone, p. 292, that two tenants in common might effect a partition by the exchange of a moiety in one 'part for a moiety in the other part; and thence concluded that

Oct. 1879.]

PHELPS v. HARRIS.

a power of exchange given to trustees would be sufficient to enable them to effect a partition with their co-tenant in this way; although it was supposed that between more than two parties it could not be done. Vice-Chancellor Kindersly, in a subsequent case, reviewing this decision of the Court of Exchequer, well remarked, that if this can be done between two tenants in common, there seems to be no good reason why it may not be done between three or more.
The plaintiffs place great reliance on the case of Brassey v. Ohalmers (16 Beav. 223), in which the master of the rolls held that a power to sell and dispose did not give the power to make partition; at least he refused to compel a purchaser to accept a conveyance where such a partition had been made. The case, however, was appealed, and the lords justices, without deciding the point, suggested the filing of a bill for partition, upon which the partition made night be confirmed, if found beneficial. This course was adopted, and resulted in a confirmation of the partition, and a decree confirming the title. 4 DeG. M. & G. 528; S. C., 81 Eng. L. & Eq. R. 115. So that this case left the point still undetermined. This was in 1853, and no notice of the case is taken in the last edition of Sugden on Powers, published in 1861.
A review of the cases and text-books on this subject was made by Vice-Chancellor Kindersly in 1856 in the case of Bradshaw v. Pane (2 Jur. N. S. 247), and the conclusion to which he came was, that it was still doubtful whether a power to sell and exchange would, or would not, authorize a partition. The same thing is stated in Lewin on Trusts and Trustees, 3d ed., p. 417.
In a recent case, however, In re Frith and Osborne (3 Ch. D. 618), decided in 1876 by Sir George Jessel, master of the rolls, it was distinctly adjudged, after a masterly review of all the previous authorities, that a power to sell and exchange does include the power to make partition. In delivering his judgment, the master of the rolls concludes as follows: "This is the state of the authorities. Lord St. Leonards says that it wants another decision to make it quite clear.. I am willing to give the decision (supposing the doubt is not taken away by the decision of the Court of Exchequer followed by the vice-

PHELPS v. HARRIS.

[Sup. Ot.

chancellor, Kindersly) that the passage in the Touchstone [declaring that joint-tenants, tenants in common, and co-parceners cannot exchange the lands they do so hold, one with another, before they make partition] is not good law, and that you can have such an exchange, and if you can have such an exchange, why could not the power authorize the exchange of an undivided moiety in Whiteacre for another undivided moiety in Blackacre ? I decide that it does. We have conflicting opinions between what the judges said in Doe v. Spencer and what the vice-chancellor intimated his opinion to be. It is not necessary for me to decide that question. I must say, if I had to decide it, I should be inclined to follow the opinion of the vice-chancellor instead of the Court of Exchequer, for if it can be done as between two, I do not see why it could not be done as between more than two, but I have not to decide that question now."
It would seem, therefore, to be finally settled in England, that a power to sell and exchange does include the power to make partition, and that all doubt on the subject has been removed; and we have not been referred to any decisions in this country which lead to a contrary result. This disposes of the case so far as the power under the deed of Sarah Vick is
concerned. The power given to the trustee by the codicil to the will of
Grey Jenkins Vick is not quite so clear. The testator constituted Henry W. Vick a trustee for his children, and gave him full power to dispose of all or any portion of the property devised in the will that might fall to them, and invest the proceeds in such manner as he might think proper for their benefit. The expression "to dispose of" is very broad, and signifies more than "to sell." Selling is but one mode of disposing of property. It is argued, however that the subsequent direction to invest thze proceeds indicates that a sale was meant. But this does not necessarily follow. Proceeds are not necessarily money. This is also a word of great generality. Taking the words in their ordinary sense, a general power to dispose of land or real estate and to take in return therefor such proceeds as one thinks best, will include the power of disposing of them in exchange for other lands. It would be a disposal of the

Oct. 1879.]

PHELPS V. HARRIS.

lands parted with; and the lands received would be the proceeds. It is to be considered that the words used are contained in a will, to which the rdles of construction applicable to ordinary speech are to be applied, except where technical terms are employed. In a well-considered book on the construction of wills, the rule of interpretation is laid down thus: 1. "In construing a will, the words and expressions used are to be taken in their ordinary,proper,and grammaticalsense; -unless upon applying them to the facts of the case, an ambiguity or difficulty of construction, in the opinion of the court, arises; in which case the primary meaning of the words may be modified, extended, or abridged, and words and expressions supplied or rejected, in accordance with the presumed intention, so far as to remove or avoid the difficulty or ambiguity in question, but no farther." 2. "As a corollary to, or a part of, the last proposition, - teehnical words and expressions must be taken in their technical sense, unless a clear intention can be collected to use them in another sense, and that other can be ascer-
tained." Hawkins, Construction of Wills, pp. 2, 4. Now, whilst it may be true that when the words "disposed
of" are used in connection with the word " sell," in the phrase "to sell and dispose of," they may often be construed to mean a disposal by sale; it does not necessarily follow that when power is given generally, and without qualification by associated words, to dispose of property, leaving the mode of disposition to the discretion of the agent, that the power should not extend to a disposal by barter or exchange, as well as to a disposal by sale. The word is nomen generalissimum, and standing by itself, without qualification, has no technical signification. Taking the whole clause in the codicil together, it is equivalent to an authority to dispose of the property as the trustee should deem most for the interest of his children; and this would include the power to barter or exchange as well as
the power to sell. In re Frith and Osborne, already cited, the terms of the
power were "to sell, dispose of, convey, and assign the tenements, or any part thereof, by way of absolute sale for such a price in money, or by way of exchange for such equivalent in
lands, as to the trustees should seem reasonable." The master

382

PHELPS V. HARRIS.

[Sup. ot.

of the rolls; in analyzibig this phraseology, said: "Of course the word ' sell' refers to ' sale,' and the word ' exchange' refers to ' dispose of,' and, therefore, it comes to this, whether a trust including a power to dispose of by way of exchange for an equivalent in other lands, authorizes trustees to dispose of the undivided moiety, which they are empowered to dispose of, for another undivided moiety." This quotation shows that the words "dispose of" are properly applied to an exchange.
If this construction of the language of the will is correct, the conclusion arrived at in relation to the power given by the deed of Sarah Vick is applicable to that given by the will; for, since it imports a power to exchange, it likewise imports a
power to make partition. But without assuming to lay down as a general rule the in-
terpretation which we have suggested, in view of the clearly expressed opinion of the Supreme Court of Mississippi on the precise point, we feel justified in adopting it in this case. In disposing of the equity case on appeal, that court fully considered the power of the trustee, Henry W. Vick, both under the deed and under the will, and came to the unanimous conclusion that he had full power and authority to make the partition in question. As to the power under the will the court had no doubt, and as to that given by the deed they relied on the authority of Abell v. Heatheote and the opinions of Sugden and Fearne. And although this conclusion was not embraced in the decree so as to become res judicata, yet it was the ground on which the decree was rested. The precise question before the court was, whether the power exercised by the trustee was or was not clearly in excess of powers given by the instruments under which he assumed to act. The court looked into these instruments, and said, without hesitation: "The trustee acted entirely within the scope of his powers, and therefore it is not clear that he acted in excess of those powers, but the contrary." Whilst the point adjudicated was the conclusion that he had not clearly exceeded his powers, the reason for that conclusion, namely, the decided opinion that he had acted within the scope of his powers, was fairly Within the inquiry presented for determination. The opinion is not absolutely binding, it is true, but it is entitled to great

Oct. 1879.]

PHELPS V. HARRIS.

weight on the question as to the actual law of Mississippi, and

can hardly be called an extra-judicial opinion.

The objection that the trustee did not give his personal

attention to the division of the property, but, by agreement

with his son, submitted it to the arbitrament of disinterested

persons, we do not regard as sufficient to invalidate the trans-

action. It was confirmed and carried into effect by his execut-

ing the requisite indenture for that purpose. Had the matter

been carried into the courts a commission would have been

appointed to make the partition, in whose appointment the

trustee would have had less to say than he had in the selection

of the persons mutually chosen by himself and his son. And

it seems to us that the intervention of disinterested persons for

appraising the property and making the allotment was judi-

cious and proper. It is the course most commonly pursued by

those who desire to make a division of property. It is laid

down as a rule that "trustees may justify their administration

of the trust fund by the instrumentality of others, where there

exists a moral necessity for it ; " and this is said to arise "from

the usage of mankind. If the trustee acts as prudently for the

trust as he would have done for himself, and according to the

usage of business; as, if a trustee appoint rents to be paid to a

banker at that time in credit, but who afterwards breaks, the

trustee is not answerable; so in the employment of stewards

and agents." Lewin on Trusts and Trustees, 3d ed., p. 293.

Again: "The trustee cannot without responsibility delegate

the general trust for sale; but there seems to be no objection

to the employment of agents by him, where such a course is

conformable to the common usage of business, and the trustee

acts as prudently for the cestui que trust as he would have done

for himself." Id. p. 422.

But this is rather a question affecting the responsibility of

the trustee than the validity of his acts. The trustee in this

case had power to make partition. lie did make partition, and

carried it out by executing the proper conveyance between him-

self and his co-tenant. The partition is valid, although the

trustee may be responsible for the manner in which it was

effected by him.

-Decreeaffirmed.

